[{"Movie":"Silver Linings Playbook","Title":"One-Shot - Silver Linings Playbook Kiss","Author":"WizMonCruWil","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12462000","Passage":"[Chapter 1] One-Shot: Silver Linings Playbook Kiss Tiffany Maxwell walked down the deserted street, ignoring the Christmas lights twinkling around her and focusing on her own tears instead. She just wanted to get away, get away from it all before she allowed herself to be hurt further….. \"HEY!\" Oh no. His voice. Tiffany broke into a light jog, rounding the corner off the sidewalk and into the empty road. Behind her, Pat Solitano came into view, the pace of his jogging catching up with hers. Grabbing her by the arm, he spun her to face him. \"WOULD YOU JUST LEAVE ME ALONE?!\" Tiffany screamed, her last defense against further heartbreak even as she began to cry. \"PLEASE!\" \"Wait a second!\" Pat talked over her, pulling an envelope from the pocket of his suit coat. \"I have one more letter for you to read, OK?\" \"WHAT THE FUCK IS THE MATTER WITH YOU? GIVE IT TO HER YOURSELF!\" Tiffany angrily batted the envelope away. By this she meant Nikki, Pat's ex-wife. \"Let me tell you something: you don't have to see me ever again if you just read it! All right?\" Tiffany snatched the envelope, glowering at him. \"This is so fucked up…..\" Pat refrained from rolling his eyes, by now accustomed to Tiffany's snarky attitude. \"Yeah, just read it….\" She unfolded the paper. \"Dear Tiffany:….\" Her voice stopped dead. He was writing to her ? She stared at him with barely masked astonishment. Pat just stood still, waiting for her to continue. \"I know you wrote the letter…\" She eyed him almost mistrustfully, before holding up the paper between them so she could get a better look. \"The only way you could keep me crazy…..\" \"….. crazy was by doing something crazy yourself,\" Pat finished for, and echoed along with, her. \"Thank you. I love you. I knew it the minute I met you. I'm sorry it took so long for me to catch up. I just got stuck. Pat.\" Tiffany stared at him, speechless. Her eyes filled with tears anew and her mouth quivered. Not only had he confessed his love for her, he had completely memorized what he wanted to say! How…..? \"I wrote that a week ago,\" Pat explained, as if he could read her thoughts. \"You wrote that a week ago?\" Tiffany eyed him in disbelief, the distrust now beginning to crumble, yet not quite banished. \"Yes, I did.\" \"You let me lie to you for a week ?\" \"I was trying to be romantic,\" was all Pat could offer as an explanation. A moment of silence. \"You love me?\" Tiffany croaked on her tears. \"Yeah. I do.\" Another pause. And in that moment, Tiffany decided to take the chance, plunge into the unknown….. and put her deceased husband to rest at last. \"OK.\" Tiffany launched herself into Pat's arms and kissed him. She felt him kiss her back almost immediately. With both her arms around his neck, the letter still in her hand lay limp, forgotten, as the couple's lips battled for dominance. They were all alone, but even if they hadn't been, Pat and Tiffany were lost in their own world. The only witnesses to that first magical kiss were the Christmas lights hanging around them, bringing illumination to a new relationship… ","Summary":" One-Shot: Silver Linings Playbook Kiss Tiffany Maxwell walked down the deserted street, ignoring th"},{"Movie":"Silver Linings Playbook","Title":"La découverte","Author":"Lila Goodman","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12331522","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey ! J'espère que tout va pour le mieux pour chacun d'entre vous. Je me suis replongée dans le monde de Silver Linings Playbook récemment (Happiness Therapy en français) et, après avoir lu le livre et revu le film pour la centième fois, j'ai décidé d'écrire un petit quelque chose. Ce n'est presque rien, mais j'avais envie d'imaginer cette scène entre Pat et Tiffany. Je ne me suis pas trop appuyée sur le livre pour l'écrire, plutôt sur le film. Et puis comme j'avais remarqué qu'il n'y avait aucun écrit en français sur le site à propos de cet univers, je me suis dit que ce serait cool d'être la première ! ;) POV : Tiffany, pour une fois que je fais dans l'interne ... ;) Disclaimer : je ne possède pas les personnages ou le monde créé par David O. Russell, je ne fais pas ça pour de l'argent. Situation : loin dans le futur de Pat et Tiffany ! :) PS : Merci à Robyn Betic pour sa relecture et quelques modifications dans le style et la forme ! :3 Dites-moi ce que vous en avez pensé ! J'adore lire vos petits commentaires, ça me fait franchement plaisir ! Enjoy ! :) Nous étions mariés depuis trois ans et cinq jours. Et je l'aimais. Oui mais voilà. Une surprise avait débarqué depuis quelques jours déjà et je ne pouvais pas lui cacher. Je me devais de lui annoncer mais je ne me sentais pas prête du tout ... -Tu n'as pas faim ? Il me regardait d'un drôle d'air, assis en face de moi, à la table de la cuisine. Nous prenions toujours le petit-déjeuner ensemble parce que nous partions travailler à peu près au même moment. Lui au lycée et moi au studio de danse. C'était notre rituel. Notre routine. Et j'en avais besoin. J'avais besoin de cet équilibre que nous avions établi pour tenir le coup. Pour ne pas lâcher prise ou avoir des pensées morbides – ce qui était une très mauvaise idée. -Je ... Si, c'est que ... J'ai quelque chose à te dire Pat. Il me fixa intensément. C'était fou cette faculté qu'il avait de pouvoir lire en moi comme dans un livre ouvert. Parfois, je trouvais cela agaçant. Et d'autres jours, cela me paraissait merveilleux. Être comprise sans avoir à prononcer le moindre mot. J'aimais pouvoir me reposer ainsi sur lui, sachant bien qu'il comprendrait tout ce que je lui dirais. -Je t'écoute. Il était sérieux et un peu tendu. Je le devinai à la manière dont ses yeux avaient accroché les miens et ne voulaient plus les lâcher. À sa mâchoire un peu crispée. Je commençais à le connaître par cœur et je m'en délectais. Voir à quel point nous étions en harmonie et jusqu'où cela pouvait aller. C'était un vrai régal. -Je suis enceinte. Voilà. C'était dit. Je n'en revenais pas moi-même. Comment avais-je pu avouer une telle nouvelle avec autant de facilité ? C'était sûrement grâce à lui. Cette façon particulière qu'il avait de me fixer. Il déverrouillait tout en moi. Je me livrais à lui et il me libérait de mes chaînes. Je me sentais libre. Légère. Ses yeux commencèrent à s'illuminer de milliers de petites étoiles et son sourire alla grandissant. Mais il voyait bien que je n'étais pas dans le même état d'esprit que lui. Et c'était vrai. J'avais peur. Je n'étais pas rassurée. Je me sentais tellement instable encore ... Et si le bébé venait tout bousculer ? Détruire tout ce que j'avais réussi à construire avec lui ? Comment allais-je continuer à vivre ma vie correctement ? Il posa doucement sa main sur la mienne, sentant certainement à quel point j'étais tendue et déchirée entre la peur et une certaine excitation. Il caressa tendrement ma peau et cela m'apaisa un peu. Je me sentais fébrile et j'étais terrifiée. Pourtant, je voulais avoir ce bébé. Je ne me voyais pas vieillir sans enfants. Mais je ne savais pas si je serais capable de l'élever dans les règles de l'art. Sans déraper. Sans faire n'importe quoi. -Je suis tellement heureux, si tu savais. J'attends ça depuis longtemps. Je le fixai, sans dire un mot. Sérieusement ? Je n'avais donc rien vu venir. Obsédée par mes peurs, j'avais mis de côté les envies de mon mari pour me concentrer sur mes problèmes. Quelle égoïste je faisais ... Je me sentais mal. Il faisait tant pour moi alors que je n'arrivais même pas à voir à quel point il voulait des enfants. -Je ... Je suis désolée Pat... Sanglotai-je entre mes dents. Des larmes, de colère contre moi, de peur quant au bébé, d'un peu tout à la fois, s'enfuirent de mes yeux. Il s'en rendit compte et se leva pour venir s'agenouiller à côté de ma chaise. Il me força à le regarder en prenant mon menton dans sa main. Mais je n'en avais pas le courage. Je n'avais pensé qu'à ma petite personne tout ce temps. -Tiff, s'il te plaît, regarde-moi. Je ne veux pas de cet enfant si tu n'en veux pas, d'accord ? Je ... J'ai dit cela parce que je pensais que tu étais prête. Mais si ce n'est pas le cas, je peux attendre. On a toute la vie pour fonder une famille. Son sourire bienveillant me réchauffa le cœur. Mais je me sentais au plus mal. Encore une fois, il était adorable avec moi. Il avait mal interprété mes excuses et croyait certainement que je ne voulais pas devenir mère. Mais j'en mourais d'envie. J'étais seulement terrorisée par mes actes parfois aussi incontrôlables que mes paroles. Et élever un enfant dans un climat pareil ne me paraissait pas sain. Pour lui. -Non, non ... Je veux avoir des enfants avec toi. C'est juste que ... Je ne serai pas à la hauteur. Je risque de péter un plomb à tout moment et ce n'est pas bon pour un bébé. Je me sentirai trop mal de lui faire vivre un enfer. Et de te faire vivre un enfer. Je ne me le pardonnerai jamais. Il se mit à sourire en secouant la tête. Ses yeux portaient toute la sagesse du monde. Et, en un sens, cela m'apaisa. -Tiffany... Tu dis vraiment n'importe quoi. Pourquoi voudrais-tu que cela se passe mal ? Je veux dire, tout va bien depuis que nous sommes mariés. Il n'y a pas eu de crise majeure à rapporter. Alors pourquoi crois-tu que cela risque d'arriver ? Et puis, je serai là, avec toi, pour te soutenir. Pour t'aider. Pour que tu te contrôles si ça dérape. Fais-toi un peu confiance. Tu ne sais pas de quoi tu es capable, mais moi je le sais. Et je sais aussi qu'on est prêts tous les deux pour ce petit arrivant. Il caressa gentiment mon ventre sans me quitter des yeux. Je savais bien qu'il n'attendait aucune réponse de ma part et je ne me sentais pas la force de lui en donner une. Il était toujours là, à éclairer ma lanterne dans le brouillard de mes pensées. À trouver la lumière dans mon obscurité intérieure. À faire remonter des profondeurs ce que j'étais vraiment. Comme s'il sentait ces choses, comme s'il pouvait toucher les qualités de mon âme qui m'étaient cachées. Un véritable magicien. -Merci. Il fronça les sourcils, ne comprenant pas très bien d'où venaient ces remerciements. Mais c'était pour tout à la fois. Pour ses mots rassurants et doux. Pour sa présence qui était un véritable cadeau. Pour ses attentions et toutes ses qualités qui m'avaient fait tomber sous son charme au fil du temps et qui maintenant attisaient les flammes de mon amour. -De quoi ? -D'être qui tu es. Je t'aime, tu sais. Un petit sourire mutin naquit sur son visage fin et ses yeux rieurs me prouvèrent que oui, il le savait bien. -Moi aussi je t'aime. Plus que tout. Il se releva lentement pour arriver à ma hauteur et se pencha vers ma bouche sans se presser. Je fermai les yeux et attendis de sentir la divine sensation de ses lèvres tout contre les miennes. Ce simple contact avait le don de tout faire disparaître autour de nous. Doucement, mes pensées et mes inquiétudes s'envolaient loin, pour un ailleurs inconnu. Une vague de chaleur s'empara de mon corps quand il m'embrassa enfin. Et cette agréable impression d'être là où je devais être s'installa confortablement dans le creux de mon ventre, entourant notre bébé de tout l'amour que je lui portais déjà. ","Summary":" Hey ! J'espère que tout va pour le mieux pour chacun d'entre vous. Je me suis replongée dans le mon"},{"Movie":"Silver Linings Playbook","Title":"Names","Author":"Finvarra Faerie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10077154","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: Only saw the movie... Names Tiffany released a sigh as she rubbed her large belly in a loving manner. She was sitting on her bed while flipping through a book of baby names. It was a nice and sunny day outside and it was slowly transfiguring into deep evening. The weather was comforting and very pleasing. Pat suddenly trekked into the room, holding a water bottle and a bowl of fruit. He saw Tiffany sitting cross legged on the bed and wasted no time in joining her on the soft bed. The male sat next to her without a word and plopped a piece of an apple into his mouth, eyes roaming the book of baby names in his wife's hands. \"What's up?\" Tiffany asked without looking at him as she flipped another page of the book, totally immersed in the words that were displayed on the pages. \"Nothing. Just wanted to see what you were up to,\" Pat responded, shrugging and shoving a piece of an orange into his mouth. \"How's the baby doing?\" \"She's fine.\" Tiffany replied, gently rubbing her own fat belly with a smile. \"Good.\" Pat said. Tiffany nodded and showed him the book she was reading. \"I bought this book of baby names. I thought it was pretty interesting.\" \"Why can't we just name her Tiffany?\" Pat wanted to know, bringing his eyes up to his partner's face. \"What? I don't want to name her that. That's my name. It would be too weird.\" Tiffany responded, shaking her head with a frown coloring her features. Pat shrugged. \"I really like your name, that's all.\" \"Sure,\" Tiffany grinned a little. \"What about Patricia?\" \"Patricia?\" Pat raised an eyebrow at the pregnant female wonderingly. \"Yeah. Patricia.\" Tiffany replied. \"No.\" Pat denied. \"Why not? I like Patricia. Plus, it's close to your name.\" Tiffany explained, wrapping her arm around his own and watching him devour his fruits. Pat shook his head. \"I don't like Patricia.\" \"Fine,\" Tiffany muttered. \"How about Bianca?\" \"Bianca?\" \"Yeah. Bianca.\" \"Nope! Bianca is no good.\" Pat answered while chewing on a piece of a pear. Tiffany sighed. \"I used to have a friend named Bianca. She was alright.\" \"Well, I don't want you to be reminded of your friend when you look at our little girl once she's born.\" Pat pointed out, quickly finishing his goods. He started working on his water now. Tiffany looked at him like he was crazy. \"Fine, fine. What about Trisha?\" She questioned him. \"Trisha,\" Pat said thoughtfully. \"Trisha. Trisha.\" \"Do you like Trisha?\" \"Well, let's see…\" Pat pondered for a little bit more before nodding his head. \"Trisha's good.\" He pulled her into a warm embrace, smiling. Tiffany grinned. \"Good.\" Then the two moved on into a different conversation. ","Summary":" Author's Note: Only saw the movie... Names Tiffany released a sigh as she rubbed her large belly in"},{"Movie":"Silver Linings Playbook","Title":"Commitment","Author":"Joy Katie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11139962","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: Anything recognisable does not belong to me. AN: I adore Jennifer Lawrence, and after watching Serena (and realising I am not creative enough to write a fic based on that) I had a desire to watch the Lawrence/Cooper duo more, and with American Hustle being a little boring, I watched Silver Linings Playbook. For the hundredth time. Anyway, when I checked on ffn, there were only 34 SLP fics, and so I figured I'd try my hand at writing a short one, on a day I decided to skip my university class. For good reason. Anyway. Very short fic. Tiffany's pov of an extra dance lesson. Tiffany jolted at the knock on the door, making her way over to pause the music blasting from her iPod, before resuming a relaxed position, leaning against the wall, calling for the visitor to come in. She raised her eyebrow as Pat walked in, looking sheepish. He walked over to her in a manner similar to the time he had in his first dance lesson, only raising his head to gaze at her when he was a few steps away. The young brunette simply raised her brow again, shaking her head slightly. \"You're late.\" She smiled inwardly as he looked down, ashamed. She took a step closer to him, pulling the newspaper from his grip, only needing to glance at the title, before rolling it up, hitting him in the chest with it. \"How many times do I have to tell you? This is my time…\" She stepped around him, walking towards the door to throw the newspaper out of it, much like the previous week, before continuing. \"You made a commitment to me. There is no football in here!\" She turned back, jumping slightly at his presence, right behind her. \"Hey… We've nearly mastered the big move. My mom said I should spend some time with my dad watching football, I just wanted to catch up, and I really don't want to disappoint him…\" His vulnerability made Tiffany pause, almost rethinking her 'no football, no lord of the flies' policy. She lay her hand on his shoulder, trying to ignore the static that buzzed between them. She couldn't believe he was still so obtuse, every time they touched, his strong grip on her waist as he attempted to lift her over his head, there were sparks. The look that Pat gave her when he felt her touch made a shiver run down her spine, causing her to quickly remove her hand from him. He reached down to take her hand, pulling her into the centre of the studio, releasing her before going over to where her iPod was plugged into the speakers, bending down to play 'Maria' by Dave Brubeck, so they could practice the section leading up to the big move. It was clear to anyone that Pat's heart wasn't in it, he was practising half assed, and though Tiffany knew it should annoy her, she couldn't help but feel for him at the dejected look on his face. Internally she cursed at herself, for being such a girl. She didn't know what it was about him that made her insides turn to mush. It was the same feelings she got when she first met Tommy, and it scared the hell out of her. After falling on him for the third time, landing on him so they were almost nose to nose, she was close to giving up. Pat's hands were still on her waist and her shirt had ridden up, no longer covering her hips. She could feel the heat of his skin, the callouses on his fingers from his weightlifting, she could feel his heartbeat, pounding hard as they stared at each other. He swallowed and she watched the tip of his tongue moisten his lip, before rolling off of him, sitting up, burying her face in her hands. They sat for a few moments, not talking, Tiffany only lifting her head up when the song ended and changed to The White Stripes 'Fell in Love with a Girl'. She turned back to face Pat, seeing him staring at his hands, looking embarrassed. \"Maybe we should call it a day… You're distracted, I need to go for a run. Just don't be late tomorrow ok?\" She stood and made her way over to the iPod, lifting it out of the speakers to plug her headphones in. In the mirror, she saw Pat look up at her, biting her lip to stop herself smiling as she watched his gaze start at her ankles and rise up, meting her eyes in the mirror. \"I uh… I told you last week. My dad wants me to go to the Giants game… I'm gonna spend half of tomorrow with you, and half of the day at the game.\" Tiffany turned and crossed her arms, her mood changing instantly, back to the annoyed, exasperated temper she usually displayed. \"Seriously Pat, I've told you. Tomorrow is my time. Today was a bust. We were supposed to nail the big move. When you make a serious commitment to somebody, it is not cool to go back on it! You made a commitment to me in return for my help!\" She heard him sigh and grab his garbage bag from the floor, pulling it over his head. His next statement made her heart ache. \"Nikki would understand what I'm trying to do. I can't disappoint my dad anymore.\" She didn't respond to him, only watched as he made his way out of the studio, breaking into a run at the door. Tiffany slid down the wall until she was sat against it, her knees to her chest. She couldn't help but worry about what would happen after the dance was over. What else she could make him commit to, just so she could spend some time with him? Because the one thing she knew for sure, is she couldn't let him go. She was in it for the long haul. So this was just a quick idea I had after seeing the movie. Again. I love JLaw, though I thought her character in this movie was a little... odd. I should really be studying right now, though after tomorrow, I am off for three weeks for Easter break. I know I need to update my other stories, but my exams take priority. When the mood strikes. I'm such a bad student. Let me know what you thought, if anything. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: Anything recognisable does not belong to me. AN: I adore Jennifer Lawrence, and after w"},{"Movie":"Silver Linings Playbook","Title":"Solitano house","Author":"SilverWildRiver","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9560951","Passage":"[Chapter 1] At the Solitano house, Danny was on the stove cooking with Dolores was seated at the table in the kitchen, instructing him, while Pat Sr. was filing through envelopes. He heard his son sigh for the third time, making him turn around and look at looked at his son's bothered face and then turned his head to the tv which was playing what seemed to be Winnie the Pooh. He looked back at his soon and asked \"Patty, what's wrong\". Pat looked up his dad before sighing once more at Eeyore trude along side Winnie the Pooh and Tigger, melancholy. \"I'm waiting to see when Eeyore is going to start looking up\" Pat Sr. looked at his son, \" A pig?\" \"He's so doubtful, dad, I just want to see if he's going to start being optimistic\", he said, focusing his attention back to the tv He continued to look at his son, \"It's a cartoon, Pat\". \"I know it's a cartoon, I just want to see what happens\" His father turned back to his envelopes saying, \"Turn a game on or something, For Christ's sake\". In the kitchen Danny was smiling ear-to-ear with the compliments Mrs. Solitano was giving him. \"Well done Danny, it looks great\", as she inspected what he cook. She grabbed a fork and took a bite, her face went up in delight, \"And it taste amazing. You see I try and get Pat in the kitchen so he'll know how to cook for Tiffany one day\", Danny and her smiled \"Ma\", Pat complained \"Yes, put him in the kitchen Dolores, he doesn't need to be watching any of this crap\" \"Well what is he watching?\", she asks him. \"A pig and his friends\", he says. Dolores walks into the room to see what he means when Danny asks, \"What's wrong with that?\". Pat Sr. looks over at him, \"What's wrong with that? What's wrong with that is that my son is watching this\", he said pointing at the tv, \"when he should be catching up on the game\". \"You know we should bring over Ronnie's little girl to watch this with you?\", Dolores says, standing next to Pat. \"Okay\", he says. Mr. Solitano looks up at his wife, \"No, no, darling, no, what are you doing?\" \"What do you mean what am I doing?\", she asks, looking over at him. \"Why are you going to bring Ronnie and Veronica over here?\" \"Their family, Pat\" \"They may be, but I want to be with the family, that lives In-this-house\", he pronounced the words. \"What about me?\", Danny asks, holding up his arms. \"Your ok, your fine, I just don't want anyone else over here\", he says when someone knocks on the back door. \"Jesus\", he says under his breath. Danny goes to open the door when Mrs. Solitano goes into the kitchen and call Veronica. \"Hey, Tiffany\", he says at the door. She walks in and takes a seat by Pat, who moves closer to her. \"Thank God your here Tiffany can you please get my son to stop watching the little pooh bear\" \"Dad!\", Pat said, embarssed Tiffany looks up at the tv and asks, \"Why are you watching this?\" \"Because Eeyore is cynical about everything and his fucking friends, I wouldn't even call them friends because, they let him get chased by bees, and Piglet's gone because they keep telling him he's too small\" \"They should be on their way\", Dolores says, coming back into the den. \"Who\", Tiffany asks \"Ronnie and Veronica with the baby\", Pat answres. \"And you want the baby to watch this movie, the way you just described it\". \"I don't want her over here my mom called them\" \"So what you're saying is you don't want my niece and my sister to be over here?\" \"No like that Tiffany\", Pat said, trying to get her to understand. \"Jesus Christ\". His dad grabbed his envelopes, and headed upstairs when he heard the front door opening, with Ronnie and Veronica with the baby. He reached he study and shut the door, but could still hear the comotion downstairs. \"Uhh\", he rubbed his eyes. My family , he thought ","Summary":" At the Solitano house, Danny was on the stove cooking with Dolores was seated at the table in the k"},{"Movie":"Silver Linings Playbook","Title":"Get it Together","Author":"onsoapyheels","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9942852","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Pat slowly drifted out of sleep. He tossed and turned, struggling to wake up. When he finally found the strength to open his eyes, he found that everything was in order. The attic above the dance studio was calm and peaceful, the sun was gently peaking through the blinds, and Pat could hear birds gently chirping outside, signaling the beginning of what promised to be reviving spring. Beside him, Tiffany was still asleep. Pat watched her in a loving awe for a few seconds before being startled by what had woken him up in the first place; a pounding at the front door. \"Fuck,\" Pat muttered to himself as her scrambled to find his boxers and wife beater, which seemed to be hopelessly lost in the sheets after the previous night. Just as he found his boxers, the pounding on the door intensified, and he decided to forgo the tank top. Pat threw on his underwear and rushed down the stairs. \"Be right there,\" he called out as he stumbled down the last few stairs. He paused for a moment to catch his breath. This was an effort wasted because what he found when he opened the door was enough to shock the breath out of him. \"Pat, thank God. I was hoping you would answer.\" \"Nikki?\" He asked, clearly startled by her presence. But sure enough, his estranged wife was standing at the door. \"Can I come in for a second?\" she asked. \"I uh, I really don't think that's a good idea. I'm not looking for any trouble,\" Pat stuttered, crossing his arms in front of his bare chest. \"If you're talking about the restraining order, I went to the courthouse and had it dropped last week. I don't want any trouble either.\" Pat smiled, still not moving from the doorway to let his estranged wife into the house, Tiffany's house. \"Good. That's good, I'm really happy to hear that, Nikki. Now once you sign the divorce papers we can finally move on, huh?\" Nikki's face turned solemn. \"That's actually what I came here to talk to you about.\" \"Was there a problem? Did you not get them? I knew I should've paid the extra money to have the lawyer deliver them himself…\" Pat began to panic. \"No, no. They're here, I have them right here in my purse,\" Nikki reassured him. \"You have them? Good! That's good! Did you sign them? You know I need you to sign them, Nikki.\" \"That's the thing, Pat. I think maybe we should talk about it, reconsider.\" \"Reconsider? Nikki, what the fuck is there to reconsider?\" Pat exclaimed. \"Look Pat, I think maybe we rushed this whole divorce. I mean, we haven't really seen each other in almost a year. We've both changed, I mean look at you. You look amazing, and Ronnie and Veronica say you've really got your life together. I think we should give this a second chance before we just throw out years of marriage,\" Nikki pleaded with him. Pat smiled again. \"You're right, Nikki, I have changed. I'm the best version of myself that I can be. And you know who I owe that to? I owe that to Tiffany. What you did, with that Culpepper? That was really fucked up, Nikki. Really fucked up.\" \"Look, Pat,\" Nikki begged him. \"I made a mistake, but I've changed too.\" \"Good, Nikki, I'm glad you've changed, I'm happy for you. And I want to thank you, because what you did was the best thing that's ever happened to me. Well, not the cheating, that was probably the worst, but because you did what you did I found the best thing that's ever happened to me. I found a silver lining. Aren't you happy for me, Nikki? I found one, after everything.\" \"Tiffany?\" Nikki asked softly. Pat nodded. \"I love her, Nikki. Probably more than I've ever loved anyone.\" (Nikki's face fell drastically upon hearing this, but Pat was to preoccupied to notice) \"She understands me, Nikki. She actually understands me, craziness and all, and I understand her. She makes me want to be a better person,\" Pat continued. \"I need her, and I think she needs me.\" Nikki looked down. \"You've really thought about this, huh? She's who you want?\" \"She's who I need. I need Tiffany. Let's be honest, Nikki, there's nothing between us anymore, and there hasn't been in God knows how long, even when we were still together. Why keep lying to ourselves? Don't you want to be happy, Nikki? I'm happy with Tiffany, you deserve to find happiness with someone too. Why keep lying to yourself?\" Pat reasoned. Nikki sighed \"You know, you really have changed, Pat. And you know what? I truly am happy for you, and for Tiffany. You're the best you you can be and you deserve to share that with someone who can give you what I obviously never could. Here, take these.\" She reaches into her purse and hands him a manila envelope. \"Everything you need to go through with the divorce is in this envelope, signed,\" Nikki told him, lacking any emotion in her voice. \"Nikki! Thank you so much, Nikki!\" And before Pat could help himself, he reached through the doorway and hugged her. Not a romantic or loving hug that would be shared by two people that had deep feelings for each other, but a friendly hug, shared by two people who were no longer anything more than old friends. Once again, Nikki sighed, fighting back tears as she hugged him back. \"You're a great guy, Pat,\" she whispered. \"Tiffany should know how lucky she is.\" The two broke apart. \"I guess I should be going,\" Nikki said. \"Yeah,\" Pat nodded. \"That would probably be best.\" And with that, Pat's soon-to-be ex-wife turned around and began to walk down the driveway. \"Hey, Nikki?\" Pat called to her \"Stay positive. You'll find your silver lining, too.\" Nikki turned around and gave Pat a sheepish smile, then continued to walk down the driveway. Pat closed the door, holding the envelope to his chest. He smiled down at it, then placed it in between the rungs on the stairwell. He would deal with the divorce later, all he wanted at the moment was to hold Tiffany. As he headed for the stairs, he heard a quick fumbling noise, and when he looked up the stairs he caught a split-second glimpse of Tiffany's back as she hurriedly disappeared into the bedroom. Pat grinned to himself, as he ascended the stairs. When he made his way to the bedroom, he found Tiffany had already wrapped up in the comforter, facing away from him, pretending to be asleep. Pat climbed into the bed beside her. He kissed her cheek, and she tried to fight back a smile, but failed. \"You can stop acting now,\" Pat whispered in her ear. \"I know you were eavesdropping the entire time.\" Tiffany turned around to face him, preparing to go on the defensive, but when she looked at Pat, he had a goofy smile on his face. \"But I'm glad you got to hear all of that,\" he continued. \"Sorry if it got a little mushy, but I meant everything I said.\" \"Well then,\" she smirked, gracefully climbing on top of him. \"You should know that I need you too.\" Pat slightly opened his mouth to respond to her, but Tiffany pressed her lips on to his before he could speak. So instead he passionately kissed her back, wrapping his arms around her, holding her close. This was what he wanted, what he needed. Pat finally had his life together, he finally found his silver lining, and he never planned on letting go. ","Summary":" Pat slowly drifted out of sleep. He tossed and turned, struggling to wake up. When he finally found"},{"Movie":"Silver Linings Playbook","Title":"so, i take what i can get","Author":"bemysomeone","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9451451","Passage":"[Chapter 1] If finders were keepers, I'd still be at home Take it or leave it, I'll show you the ropes When you no longer see me I'll be gone They moved in sync, to the beat, their heated breath mingling in the stadium air. She jumped, she leaped, he caught her, and they smiled. They smiled, eyes lingering with something—some feature . What was the word again? It hadn't been seen in their eyes for awhile. The word hadn't left their mouths in, what seemed like, quite some time. It'd always felt like a lost cause. Hope. They saw hope. Specifically, Pat saw it in her eyes. Tiffany's. As she gazed up at him, her hips rocking to the slow beat of the dance track, her eyes glimmered with that— hope —and he watched them longingly, wishing he had it within himself, too. His eyes quickly glanced over to Nikki, the apple of his eye, the woman in the corner of the room, watching them intently. Their was something in her eyes, too. What was it? Jealously ? No, it wasn't. It was something more than that. Envy, maybe. She almost wished that she and Pat had that spark, that fire , that Pat and Tiffany had. But did Pat feel the same? Did he feel that fire everyone was always talking about? Looking down at Tiffany, he realized he did. The pit of his stomach burst into what felt like flames, butterflies, and eloped into the metaphorical land where, maybe someday, Pat and Tiffany could get along and, you know, be happy. It just felt like it could never happen. That this was what they always thought it was— a lost cause. Their dance ended, and Tiffany's eye was still on him. Pat could feel her gaze strong, burning , into the back of his head. Into the back of his mind . He never would've believed he'd fall for this girl, the girl in front of him. Tiffany Maxwell—even her name felt bitter on his tongue. Because that's what the girl was. Bitter . But she no longer looked bitter to him. Her eyes lit up with the same fire that was in his stomach, enflamed, dancing with the passion he longer for. But not with her, no. With Nikki. He peered over at his lost lover as the dance came to an end. He pushed past Tiffany, whose arms were thrown out to him momentarily. He left her at a loss, and her heart dropped just like Pat's had when he found out the letters were— Not. From. Nikki. They were from Tiffany , the girl he could no longer bare to look at. Her eyes, so light, so foreign, it was like he didn't know her. But the bitter eyes were back to haunt him. Those eyes, too, burned into the back of his head, furious with him and his actions, as he made his way towards Nilki, the one he thought he wanted. Keyword: thought. He thought he wanted her. He walked, his strides long and prepared for what awaited him, towards the opposite end of the amphitheater. He embraced Nikki in a hug, one that was surprisingly empty. He didn't feel it. He didn't feel what he expected. It hurt him to feel this way—to feel nothing —so he gripped harder. She wrapped her arms tightly around him, stifling a small cry, and sighed. \"Pat,\" she murmured. He began in her ear. He whispered everything—yes, everything —into those ears of hers, telling Nikki everything that had happened. And it had felt good to get it all off his chest. Suddenly, though, he felt a pang of guilt flood his inner being, as he knew Tiffany was watching from behind. But why should he care? It wasn't like the were together, or anything. They were friends— just friends —and barely even that . But, still, he turned. Still, he turned to seek Tiffany's approval. So much for answers, I don't have a clue I can hear ya, you're calling from outside my room You're still locked inside me Holding on She wasn't there. Tiffany, she was gone. Pat's eyes widened momentarily, no longer listening to Nikki's husky breath is his ear. Her words were now smithereens of what they were intended to be, and his thoughts were somewhere else. Go after her , the voice inside his head told him. You have to go after her, Pat. She's your Nikki. His next thought was sick, but it made sense to him. You're her History teacher. He was the one to save her. That voice, for once… for once, it was right. Pat needed to go after her. He patted Nikki's shoulder with a soft smile, no longer wanting to be rude to the ones he loved and cared for, but no longer concerned about what she thought. He needed Tiffany. He needed to see her. He needed to see the bitter in her eyes, one final time, before he told her. So I take what I can get So I take what I can get This was Pat, taking what he could get. This was Pat, taking Tiffany Maxwell, the one he needed, by the hand, and loving her. \"Hey!\" His voice was a coarse yell that met the unwilling girl's ears. \"Hey!\" he called again, but she kept running. She didn't know where she was running, but she was leaving, leaving fast, and no longer was looking back. Pat was behind her now. Far, far behind her. But, still, she cried. Because she loved him. She loved him with all her fucking heart, and he denied her. She felt his hands on her back, pulling her towards him, whispering, \"Hey, hey, it's going to be okay.\" Shushing her, reminding her it was only him, Pat, the one she'd been waiting for . But, still, she screamed. She was the one denying him now, yelling, \"Please, stop! Just get the fuck off of me!\" So he did. He stopped, he let go. He let her go, her wrists so longer bunched in his hands, and he braced himself with a stiff, grim look. He glared down at her, his eyes softer than she'd expected to them to be. His lips were pressed together and he smacked them before speaking again. He was preparing himself, preparing himself for his words. Words he never believed he'd say. I'll break out your windows, I don't need a key Show me your doubts and I'll make you believe Yeah, you're still here to haunt me You ain't gone \"The letter—\" \"—I have no idea what you're talking about, okay? Just leave me alone, because I know you want to. I know you fucking want to.\" Her hands were on his chest, and she was pushing him away. The look in her eyes, that fire —it was hate this time. It wasn't dancing passion, it was hate . Because women will hate you fast. And men will hurt them fast. Hate was Tiffany's shield, her guard, and she held it up defensively as Pat made his way back to her, again. Her eyes were shooting daggers at this point, daring him to take a step closer. So he did. He did. \"I know you wrote it, Tiffany.\" She froze. She peered up at him, her eyes almost fearful of him, and what he'd do. But he wasn't upset, no. He was before, for sure. He almost hit her the way he did the History teacher. And, though it was a gross thought to think, he thought about her throat between his fingernails, and he was almost relieved. Relieved that he wasn't like that anymore. That he could look at Tiffany, now, and feel fine. \"So what?\" She was back to herself, that bitter old widow he knew and cared for so, so much. She was dressed in all black, the same way she was when she first met him. But this time, things were different. Her nails were a deep red, a color she knew was Pat's favorite, and the thought that she might've painted them that way for him , of all people, made him happy. \"So, fucking, what, Peoples? I wrote it. You must've known! I didn't even tell Nikki to come tonight!\" This wasn't the Tiffany he knew. She was acting evil, just to spite him. But there was something in her voice. Some kind of regret. So I take what I can get So I take what I can get \"I know you're sorry,\" he told her, \"I know you are. And I forgive you, okay? So let's move on.\" \"I don't need your pity, Pat.\" She was walking away again. But all Pat saw was improvement—she was no longer running. She was allowing him to catch up to her. She knew what was coming next. And she wanted to hear it. She wanted to know. God, she was tired of the bitterness. Her eyes were screaming at him, but they were pleading. Save me, they told him. Give me a reason not to feel this way, because I'm tired of it. I'm so sick and tired of it, Pat. Save me. Her pleads were now whispers, whispers she said aloud. \"Please, Pat. Please. \" She wanted to tell him to go away, but she didn't. She couldn't. She needed him to breathe, to stand, to simply function. She could no longer run away. Not after seeing him like that , knowing damn well he loved her as much as she loved him. Her pleads no longer were begs for her own solitude. They were now begs for it. It , those three damn words she needed to hear. \"Thank you,\" he said finally. There were tears in his eyes, too, now. Just like the night they met. But this time, things were different. They were happy tears, tears he knew Tiffany would love, and the thought that he might've had them in his eyes for her , of all people, made her happy. \"I love you.\" If you are coming home I'll be out on my own I don't need you To give me back the open wounds But if you start to shed your skin Naked heart - wearing thin When you call I'll be here Once again ","Summary":" If finders were keepers, I'd still be at home Take it or leave it, I'll show you the ropes When you"},{"Movie":"Silver Linings Playbook","Title":"The men at the door","Author":"Kalifornia Koastal2","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9897218","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I stand hiding in the dark, almost holding my breath while my father tells the man on the door \"Go away you perv!\". A sentence he has been versed on over the last years. My mother stands next to him, not saying a word but with an intimidating look on her face, a mask she is wearing to drive these men off. In reality I can feel her pain and weakness to over here. And although this has become a routine in our house I know every time it happens it's hurts her more. Who these men are? They are my toys.. or I am theirs, I don't know. What I know though is that one text message when I feel alone is enough to make them come running like dogs. Come running to my house the see Tommy Maxwell's slutty widow. By the time they arrive I already regret texting them and my father has to get rid off them. It's ironic how I became the fucking whore of this town after my husband died because I was withholding sex from him. We were young and married just for three years when it all happened. I know I had already been suffering depression back then.. I felt uncomfortable had a constant feeling of sadness and anxiety and I had lost my interest in enjoyable activities.. also sex. That night three years ago Tommy drove to Victoria's secret to buy me some lingerie, to spice it all up a little.. the Victoria's Secret bag was still on the passenger seat when he had that accident, try that feeling. \"I'm Tiffany's friend, I'm here to help her, she needs me!\", the man tells my father. Da tries to push the door shut but the man has his foot in it. \"I'm going to call the police!\", he yells. I just stand there, my face completely free of any emotion, thinking of how we came to this point Tommy died because I didn't want to sleep with him only for me to turn into a sex crazed whore after his death. I'm a slut yes, I have a bipolar disorder yes. But I like that part of me and I'm ok with my bipolar disorder, I control it, make jokes about it. Or at least I try to tell that myself and the others. However I guess I'm not because some people still mange to push my buttons, like Pat does. Not only he never fails to remind me that my husband is dead in every single conversation we have but when he basically pointed out I was more crazy then him and I wiped everything off the table at that restaurant I guess that meant I was not ok with it. Who does he think he is anyway? He keeps pointing out that he has more of a relationship than I do.. that my husband is dead and gone while his wife threw him out of his house, fucked the history teacher and even claimed a restraining order against him? They might say till death do us part but Tommy still loved me when he died, we never broke up in the common sense, Nikki and Pat did though. What a big victory, I'm the more tragic case.. I will never have him back no mater what. But that's just my life I guess, I never get what I want, I'm not my sister. Gosh how I hate her. I know I shouldn't but I'm a bitch and I will admit that I can't be happy for others if I'm not. She got it all. A husband, the perfect marriage, a house and a baby. And all that while I am the black sheep, the lunatic younger daughter with a dead husband and no job because she got fired after sleeping with almost everyone in the office. I'm the little sister in need who lives next to her parents and jumps your bones for a pen.. or even less. And when she tells her friends about my \"dancing thing\" in the third person and how great I am at it. Saying she just wants to tell everyone because she is so proud of her little sister when I tell her to stop. Oh how I know she just says that for the others to know: She has not gone completely nuts yet, she is actually doing something. Guess what Veronica I'm not like you. Life and God or whoever had other plans for me. The plan of letting me meet the love of my life, someone who you think is unique and meant to be with you. And then they decided to take him away with no way of him coming back. And all that because life burdened me with a depression that makes me it a hell already on it's own, thanks to that I also lost my job, and now there are these guys constantly coming to my house wanting to fuck the slutty widow while other people stay away from me because I cause trouble. But I can't help it, I can't help that dark veil over my mind, I can't but to throw a tantrum when challenged. And why should I? I don't care what people think they haven't been through what I have, my whole life ended at a young age the night Tommy died. How am I ever gonna feel secure again when life is so random? He bought lingerie..he died because of lingerie.. in the morning he was alright, healthy and vital and the night after he died because he decided to buy fucking lingerie! I just can't believe it! If he came home directly nothing would have happened if went to buy something else nothing would have happened either, he would have lived for years. How can life not have a rewind button if such a banal decision can wipe out a whole life? Oh if I had that possibility to go back. And as time passed I made everything worse with my actions. Butt that's it, human-kind and life suck and there is no such silver lining on the horizon ","Summary":" I stand hiding in the dark, almost holding my breath while my father tells the man on the door \"Go"},{"Movie":"Silver Linings Playbook","Title":"Our Sliver Lining","Author":"MadiAndErica","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9384857","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: So, I guess this is Erica and I's first Fanfic. She got me addicted on SLP and so we decided to do a Fanfic. Please reviews if you like it! We accept constructive criticism. :D Enjoy! take a few breaths in as I watch Pat and Nikki talk. \"I've been reading your books and, I have a positive attitude.\" I hear Pat tell her. \"I'm on medication, I'm in therapy.\" I see Nikki nod in response and Pat immediately leans down and whispers something in her ear. I don't care what he said. It must be something about them lifting his restraining order or some shit. I sigh and go and grab my coat from Veronica, not saying anything to her and walk out of the overcrowded room to the lobby, then out of the hotel. I'm going home. I pull my jacket closer to me, trying to get home fast because of the colder weather at night. I start thinking about Pat and Nikki, and about how me and him are probably not going to talk as much now. I bet she will lift his restraining order. I curse under my breath. This can't be happening. All this stress is overwhelming. I take a deep breath and try to walk faster to get all this out of my mind. I can't believe I did this. I can't believe I got involved with him and asked him to dance with me. I could have just delivered his letter and left him alone 'Really Tifanny?' I scream at myself inside. It was just a letter. I didn't really need anything in return for it, yet I still demanded he dance with me. I really should just stop overthinking this. I don't think it matters. I might see him again. We are done dancing now though so we don't have any reason to hang out. I will admit though, I am happy for him. I think Nikki was happy to see him so I'm sure that restraining order is going to be lifted. I wonder what he said in her ear. Dammit. I should have seen her reaction to whatever he whispered. Maybe then I could at least guess what he had said. I guess I was to angry. But why? I shouldn't be angry. He danced with me. That's what I wanted. Why am I thinking so much about him? I huff and take a breath in. I really shouldn't be mad at him. Him being away from his wife for so long must of hurt. Is that why I'm mad? Because he got to see Nikki again and can keep on seeing her while with me, I can never see Tommy again? Ugh. I wish I knew. I wonder what Pats doing right now. I wonder if he noticed that I left. I Doubt it. He's probably still talking to Nikki. He will notice soon but I won't care. Ill be home. Taking a bath or something. In my thoughts I slow my walking down. \"Hey!\" I hear behind me. I look over my shoulder to see Pat. Dammit. What the fuck is he doing? I start running to get away from him. I don't want to talk to him. He just needs to leave me alone! I turn a corner in hopes to get away from him but he keeps chasing. It's weird when I think about it. He's chasing after me when before I would chase after him while he ran. I think I have a good lead on him but he speeds up and grabs my arm, forcing me to turn around. I don't want to look at him. I'm really pissed off and upset at him. \"Would you just leave me alone!\" I shout into his face. I don't know why he's chasing after me! He catches his breath. \"Wait a second!\" He says, exhausted. I see him pull out a letter. Really? Another one? Why couldn't he have just gaven it to Nikki in there? Or, even better, told her what he wrote on it in person! \"I have one more letter for you to read, okay?\". I groan on the inside. \"What the fuck is the matter with you?\" I snap. \"Give it to her yourself!\" I get ready to run of again, figuring he's going to leave. I thought wrong. \"Let me say something.\" He pants. \"You don't ever have to see me again if you just read this letter, alright?\" I sigh. \"This is so fucked up.\" I mutter. \"Yeah, just read it.\" He says, handing me the letter. I unfold it carefully. I look at the first line and start reading aloud. \"Dear Tiffany,\" I read then stop. It's addressed to me? Why? I continue to read, still confused. \"I knew you wrote the letter,\" I pause. He did? I gulp. \"The only way you could meet my crazy was-\" Im cut of by Pat. \"Was doing something crazy yourself. Thank you. I love you. I knew It the minute I met you. I'm sorry it took me so long to get caught up. I got stuck. Pat.\" I look up at him, shocked. \"I wrote that a week ago.\" He informs me. \"You wrote that a week ago?\" I ask, astonished. \"Yes I did.\" He replies. Then that means. Shit. \"You let me lie to you for a week?\" He smirks. \"I was trying to be romantic.\" I nod and take this all in. \"You love me?\" I look down. \"Yeah, I do.\" I blush a little. \"Okay.\" I whisper and lean up to kiss him. I wonder what he whispered in Nikki's ear then. I wonder as we kiss. Actually, I guess it doesn't matter now. I smile against his lips and lean into him, deepening the kiss. THE END ","Summary":" A/N: So, I guess this is Erica and I's first Fanfic. She got me addicted on SLP and so we decided t"},{"Movie":"Silver Linings Playbook","Title":"No Silver Lining","Author":"Maxis1ord","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9286801","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter One. \"Look, I haven't dated since college, so I don't know how this works.\" \"How what works?\" \"I've seen the way you've been looking at me. Don't bullshit me, Pat. I live in the addition around back, which is completely separate from the house, so there's no chance of my parents walking in on us. I hate the fact that you wore a football jersey to dinner, but you can fuck me as long as we turn the lights out first. Okay?\" \"What? No, Tiffany, I'm getting better, for Nikki. Remember?\" \"Don't bullshit yourself Pat, Nikki is never coming back. Apart time will never end.\" I was flustered by her response, but who knows, maybe Nikki isn't coming back. I looked into Tiffany's eyes, and kissed her. The feeling of her lips in between mine was great. It felt just like how Nikki used to kiss me. Before all this. I pulled away quickly. \"I'm sorry Tiffany. That was a mistake.\" Tiffany looked into my eyes. \"You just don't get it do you?\" \"What do you mean?\" \"Nikki is not coming back! I hate to break it to you Pat, but she is in love with the man she cheated on you with! And here I am, waiting for you to take me inside and fuck me, but you won't, because of a women that will never come back to you.\" I stared at her with a blank expression, shocked at what she just told me. She forcefully grabbed my head, and slammed her lips onto mine. \"So what are you gonna do Pat?\" she asked me. \"Are you gonna fuck me or not?\" Chapter Two. \"I left immediately after I had an orgasm, all over her tits. Tiffany had nice tits. Nicer than Nikki's, but thats not the point!\" I told Cliff, my therapist. \"Then what is the point, pat? \"What do you mean what is the point Cliff? The point is I fucked Tiffany, when all I was trying to do is get better! For Nikki!\" \"Do you believe what Tiffany told you?\" \"What? that Nikki had moved on, without me? Of course not. That's bullshit. We are still married! We had some issues, but apart time will end, and I will see her again! We will fix our issues, and move on with our lives!\" \"Pat, I'm afraid it's not that simple.\" \"What do you mean?\" \"I hate to break it to you Pat, but if Nikki hears about this, she will never take you back. This your friend talking, not your therapist.\" \"Cliff, don't say that. You know she will forgive me, just like I forgave her.\" \"And why did you forgive her? What did she do?\" \"..sh-\" I stopped mid sentence. Maybe Cliff was right. I thought she would forgive me like I forgave her, but I had nothing to forgive her for. Maybe he's right. Maybe she won't come back. \"Just as I thought. It's looking to be the end of today's session. Good bye Pat, don't forget to continue taking your medication\" Chapter Three. I left my house the same time as every morning to begin my ten mile run around the neighborhood, and I ran by Tiffany's house. Tiffany was not there to follow me, which was very odd. I walked towards Tiffany's door, and knocked. There was no response. \"What do you want with our little girl?\" I turned around to see that Tiffany's parents had come out of their separate houses, her dad looking at me waiting for a response, and her mom weeping behind him. \"I'm just a.. friend of Tiffany's, I wanted to see if she wanted to hang out.\" \"Tiffany will not be \"hanging out\" any longer.\" \"Why is that?\" \"Tiffany was found dead. Hung herself under a bridge.\" With these words, her mother began to weep harder. Chapter Four. I ran. Faster than I have ever ran before. When I reached my house, I stood in the bathroom for an hour. I studied my face in the mirror. I looked at every wrinkle, every flaw. \"Tiffany no longer has flaws.\" I thought to myself. \"Tiffany is dead because of me.\" With these words I slammed my head into the mirror. Blood came gushing out of my forehead. I began to see red. I was so mad at myself. How could I let Tiffany do such a thing. She was depressed, vulnerable. And I took advantage of that. I couldn't live with myself. I ran into my Dad's study and found his gun. I began to write my suicide note. I slipped into the bathtub, and pulled the trigger. Second's later, they found my suicide note which read, \"Tell Nikki I failed her. I forgot to see the silver lining.\" -Pat ","Summary":" Chapter One. \"Look, I haven't dated since college, so I don't know how this works.\" \"How what wo"},{"Movie":"Silver Linings Playbook","Title":"Silver Linings continued","Author":"Ohheyitsem","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9340969","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"I got you a present. And I didn't wrap it. Because I'm not that type of person.\" Tiffany said quietly. I studied her expression. Her eyes were cloudy with thought, her hair blowing in the breeze. \"What is it?\" I inquired. She opened her purse and casually stuck her hand in. \"It's a cloud chart. You always used to stare at the sky when we were together. I figured this way you'll be able to know which cloud is which.\" She seemed to almost choke this statement out. I knew she was wondering if I was still upset with her. \"Thank you.\" I said softly. \"I'm not upset anymore Tiff, I understand why you did it.\" She slowly looked into my eyes; the first eye contact she had made with me the whole time. Her mouth gently twisted into a half-smile. \"So let's try it.\" I said, breaking the silence. \"I mean, I know it's just one big cloud right now, but who knows what it will turn into.\" I nonchalantly sat down onto the frozen ground, snow falling all around me. I laid back and stared up at the sky. Tiffany just stared down at me. \"You know you're kind of crazy.\" She laughed quietly. \"But so am I, I guess.\" And with that, she laid down next to me. We stared up there for what seemed like hours. At some point, Tiff's head ended up on my chest, and my arms around her. Then she broke the silence. \"I need you.\" Tiffany whispered. \"I need you Pat Peoples; I need you so fucking badly,\" and then she began to cry hot tears onto my skin and kissed my neck softly, and sniffled. And then once again, it was silent. I slowly drifted away from reality. I went back in my mind to the time when I was with Nikki. She never told me she needed me. In fact, all she did was criticize me. It dawned on me then; what if it was Nikki's fault I became like this. I know I was born bipolar, but what if it developed even more because of the emotions I never experienced with her? All that anger just building up inside of me, from her tearing me down. I mean, I could never quite remember what happened after I was taken away that night. And then it hit me. I'm alone. I hate being alone. The silence was disturbing and I felt like the walls were slowly moving in on me. So this is what isolation really is. I don't understand why I'm here, I'm the victim! \" No you aren't!\" My subconscious snaps at me. \" Yes I am!\" I whisper back. \"She was the one with another man. I was completely faithful! I don't deserve to be treated like a criminal!\" \" But you do.\" It whispers into my ear. \"You nearly murdered a man. You're a killer. You're unstable. Do you think you deserve Nikki's love? Well, you don't.\" \" Yes I do!\" I scream back at it. \"I love her!\" \" Do you really?\" My subconscious chuckles at me. \"Oh Pat. Don't you get it? YOU'RE SICK. WEAK. You should just die! You don't deserve this life! You're never going to live up to anyone's expectations. Kill yourself, it's more than a pathetic psychopath like you deserves.\" \" No!\" I scream. There are tears streaming down my face. \"I am not sick! I am strong! I deserve to have Nikki! I deserve to live!\" As I say this, even I am starting to lose faith in myself. I mean, I did nearly kill the man. Oh my god, what if that was Nikki. What if I had hurt her? I could hurt her! I can't take that chance! \"You're right!\" I gasp. \"I deserve to die.\" I say slowly. \" Yes.\" My subconscious gleefully hisses. \"Go ahead, do it. No one will miss you. You're all alone. Can't be stopped. Do it.\" \" Yes. I must. For Nikki.\" I mutter to myself. I am tearing off my sweatshirt, tying the sleeves around my neck. I pull tighter, and tighter, my consciousness slipping. \"I deserve this.\" I choke out. \"This is for you Nikki.\" \" Yes.\" My subconscious whispers. I hear the voice echo as I feel myself slip to the ground. Yes. Yes. Yes. As my world fades to black, I hear someone shouting for a doctor. It's too late, I think and smile to myself. Goodbye Nikki. I open my eyes back to the giant cloud. I can't believe that I did that. All that pain I experienced that night, it was eating me alive. I'm lucky to be alive. I would have never met Tiffany if I had died that night, and I wouldn't be lying with her right now either. As this mesmerizing thought reached my mind, I contemplated my future with her. I watched as the one big cloud in the sky broke apart. The tiny new clouds seemed to form a ring, a house, a dog, and finally a crib. With those images in place, my imagination kicked into gear. We would have a daughter. She would have bright blue eyes, filled with laughter. We would name her Rose, because she was as beautiful as one. Tiff, Rose, and I would stare up at the clouds whenever we could. I'd ask Rose what pictures she saw in the sky. I would encourage her thoughts, her imagination. Tiff would tell her that she could be anything she wanted to be, as long as she was happy. And all together, we would be happy, just the three of us. And in that moment, I didn't care about my past with Nikki, the night where I was given a second chance, or the fact that I had an incurable disease. I just cared that I was with the woman who loved me and wasn't afraid to tell me, and wasn't afraid of my disease. Maybe that's what silver linings really are. Finding happiness, finding ourselves, finding the person who loves us even though our hearts are battered and bruised. Silver linings don't guarantee us happy endings. They only guarantee us happy moments. As I had this revelation, I floated back into reality. Tiffany was staring up at me, her eyes shining in the white of the snowfall. I realized right then and there, that I was in love with her. Her loud outbursts, her sarcasm, her stubbornness, her smile, her well, everything. So I pulled her a little closer, and kissed the hard spot between her perfectly plucked eyebrows, and after a deep breath, I said, \"I think I need you too.\" ","Summary":" \"I got you a present. And I didn't wrap it. Because I'm not that type of person.\" Tiffany said qu"},{"Movie":"Silver Linings Playbook","Title":"Trying Ties","Author":"Ramin Girl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9067577","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is something that popped up in my mind after I saw this ( bloodydifficult. tumblr post/ 40260420473) and I though it was okay enough to put it somewhere on the Internet. Copyright disclaimer: None of the characters are mine. I just used them (the story and the movie) as inspiration for... whatever this is. When she gets to his house, the first thing she announces is that he HAS to wear a tie (secretly, she just wants to see him wear one). So they go up to his room and without saying a word, he lays his neckties and bow ties on the bed (he can see it'll take a while). She takes the first bowtie she sees and tries to do the knot but when she notices that he's staring, she just loses control of her hands. She's stressed enough as it is, with all the guilt and remorse she feels for tricking him into this whole charade. She keeps trying though, just so she doesn't have to look him in the eye or hear him say something stupid, something that will ruin the night for her. But he just keeps staring at her. He stares so hard that he begins to notice things that he hadn't seen before, like the freckles on her cheeks and the speckles in her eyes and the roundness of her rosy cheeks and he can only think \" I love you, look at me... I love you, look at me...\" over and over and over. Instead of giving up, she tries with a tie next, but the piece of clothing just won't cooperate. So she continues trying with the others and the she only succeeds in getting more frustrated, and he just stands there and lets her insult his ties. They go on like that, he staring and she fumbling and cursing and ignoring him, until they go through all of his neck accessories. Only then does he grab her hands, makes her look at him, smiles that perfect little and says \"I think I'll go without a tie\". ","Summary":" This is something that popped up in my mind after I saw this ( bloodydifficult. tumblr post/ 402604"},{"Movie":"Silver Linings Playbook","Title":"Her Silver Lining","Author":"BlueAaro","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9073566","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Authors Note: I DO not own any of the characters or storyline…as much as I'd like too! Her Silver Lining It was one of those moments…the same sickening pain and hurt that had washed over me the day I'd found out about Tommy. It was on a level of hurt I didn't understand myself, my mind was telling me differently from my heart, I had believed Pat wouldn't go running back to Nikki. After all this time spent together and the dance, what had taken so long to build, a friendship, with Pat Solitano…and yet now here I stood watching what I had so longingly anticipated for, walk away from me in only a matter of seconds. That faint glimmer of hope I had been holding onto vanished. I grabbed him in a hug of joy and exhilaration from winning the score we were all dreading we wouldn't get. Pat responded only briefly before breaking that barrier between us. He hadn't given one glance back. I felt every part of my being tearing apart. I should've known, but I hadn't listened to my better judgment. Fuck…who listens to their better judgment when they're in love? The funny thing…the downright fucking hilarious thing is I kept standing there watching…watching Pat walk over to that empty hole he was so in love with, yet, who never gave a damn about him. I felt my insides twist when she smiled and he smiled back. I couldn't look away. I was trapped. I knew everyone else was watching right along with me. I knew none of them liked what they were seeing…which made it worse. I didn't want any one of them feeling sorry for me. Poor, poor Tiffany… I felt the sting in my eyes. I wasn't going to be that woman that was felt sorry for and I sure as hell wasn't going to stay around and pretend to be happy for Pat when he would come walking back to formally introduce me to his wife, his only love. I saw Pat bend down next to her ear…for a horrifying second I thought they were going to kiss and my heart stopped. But watching him whisper into her ear was even worse…prolonged and agonizing. I didn't even remember turning and snatching my coat from my heartless robotic sister and in turn running from the ballroom. I ran so fast down the stairs I was shocked I didn't kill myself in the process. The rush of cold night air woke me up from the nauseating reverie I was in. Fuck! FUCK I wish It was a dream! I yelled inside. I thought about what I had told Pat before we walked out on the dance floor… \" You know, for a while, I thought you were the best thing that ever happened to me. But now I'm starting to think you're the worst\"… I had regretted saying those words when we had finished the dance. When I looked into his eyes and felt the connection we held, the pain we had both been through and shared silently, the laughter, the likeness in moods and temperament. All that didn't fucking matter now I thought. Now I was ecstatic for having said them because they were true. I was sorry; sorry that I'd ever thought he could be my best when he was my worst. The tears were still burning at my eyes but I refused to let them fall. No, not now...not now. I was walking with no destination, just walking straight and hoping it got me far, far away from this place that I was in. I almost didn't hear the voice calling to me from a distance. \" HEY!\" a man's voice called out. I knew that voice. I started running, I didn't look back. I was running and out of breath, the cold air was sucking my warmth and energy. I was being drained and there was no fighting it. I reached the corner and my pace slowed. The avenue was dead and the trees all lit up on either sides of the street. The snow fell softly and silently. I brushed the strands of hair back that had fallen from the once formally set ponytail of curls. I could hear him…his breathing. I knew he was close behind and yet my feet wouldn't carry me another step. I felt his hand reach out and grab me. I resisted and all my anger and pain released. \"Would you just leave alone?! PLEASE!\" I scream and a few hot tears escape. \"Wait a second!\" he shouts back as I try to resist his grip. \"I have one more letter for you to read, okay?\" he said firmly. He handed me a letter. \"What the fuck is the matter with you?! Give it to her yourself!\" I shout hoarsely. I couldn't believe he was fucking asking me to give that bitch another letter after he was just in there whispering sweet nothings. Pat quickly spoke before I could get another word in. \"Let me say something, you don't ever have to see me again if you just read it…alright?\" \"This is so fucked up!\" I say as I rip open the envelope. \"Yeah...just read it.\" He says in a prevailing way. After I read the first two letters I stop… \" Dear Tiffany,\" it began. I felt my heart stop just like it had when he'd bent down towards Nikki. The letter was for me. I kept reading but after I'd read the next 6 words of \" I know you wrote the letter.\" Pat's voice coveted my own and I stopped so he could say what he had written. \"The only way you could beat my crazy was by doing something crazy yourself. Thank you. I love you. I knew it the minute I met you. I'm sorry it took so long for me to catch up. I just got stuck, Pat\" he said in the most truthful and genuine honesty that I felt my insides go numb. His blue eyes stared back and I no longer hid the tears that had been screaming to release. I had fallen in love with Pat Solitano somewhere along the road and now that we'd reached the end I found out it would just be the beginning. I looked up at him. \"I wrote that a week ago.\" He said after he saw my tears. \"You wrote that a week ago?!\" My voice had found itself again. I was shocked. \"You let me lie to you for a week?!\" I said in disbelief. \"I was trying to be romantic.\" Pat said and shrugged with a small smile growing on his lips. Another pause ensued between us. Everything had come out. It was too good to be true. \"You love me?\" I asked incredulously. \"Yeah, I do.\" He says simply and he smiles at me warmly, I know without a doubt he meant every word. Pat would always be the brutally honest; there would never be bullshit. I had been the one reading the signs wrong; I had been lost in my funk for several weeks. So fucking stupid. \" Come here \" I said in a whisper as I grabbed him pulling his lips to meet mine. His powerful arms wrapped around me pulling me towards him in a hunger we'd both been eager to fill. I collapsed against him and I didn't remember much more except his warmth and the heat of his mouth as mine was entwined with his. I was safe. I loved him like mad and I was his. His love was for me. Not Nikki. No more Nikki. I never asked him what he'd whispered in Nikki's ear that night. It didn't matter. Sunday's were Pat's favorite day again, and I was the reason why. The End. \" Dear Tiffany, I know you wrote the letter. The only way you could beat my crazy was by doing something crazy yourself. Thank you. I love you. I knew it the minute I met you. I'm sorry it took so long for me to catch up. I just got stuck.\" -Pat ","Summary":" Authors Note: I DO not own any of the characters or storyline…as much as I'd like too! Her Silver L"},{"Movie":"Silver Linings Playbook","Title":"A Silver Linings Playbook Fanfic, THE BIG MOVE,","Author":"SilverLiningFan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9049502","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A silver linings fan fiction (short) His eyes sparkled as he lifted up his lover, her body performing the 'Big Move' perfectly. He chuckled a bit as the audience applauded them, cheering enthusiastically. He still remembered the first time they had preformed the 'Big Move' 'This is it, all I have to do is lift her high enough to get her over my head.' Pat thought His eyes couldn't help but travel down her body as she ran to him, trusting pat to make this. As she jumped he got distracted by her…uh…. female parts…. And his muscles, surprised by the sudden weight, buckled and he only succeeded in getting her to his shoulders, he didn't mind though… his face was met by…. \"Hey Dork! Snap out of it! …I know what you're remembering\" Tiffany said, giving him a cheeky smile and a wink. \"Hmmm, would you change it?\" She suddenly asked, as he wrapped his arms around her and give her a peck on the lips, \"Huh? What?\" She rolled her eyes, and replied, looking Him up and down, \"the failed 'Big Move' we did, duh\" he laughs, showering her delicate neck with feather light kisses, she moaned. \"Well, I seem to remember that my face was pressed in a ver-\" he didn't get very far as Tiffany pulled back and punched him in the arm, \"Paaaaaaaat! I'm serious! I love you, but don't pull that\" she teased, \"or I might just have to drop you…that waiter DOES look pretty good\" She said, giving him a wide grin. He rolled his eyes, but he was slightly uncertain about what he was about to do. \"Anyway, I bought you here for a reason, I mean this place is kind of special, first contest here, and outside…first kiss\" she 'Awww'd though she tried not to. She gasped as he got down on one Knee, his eyes shining with love. \"Tiffany , I loved you since the moment I met you, I was just an idiot who didn't realise it\" by now her eyes were tearing up, \"I know you said you couldn't even look after yourself, but you were wrong, you're amazing, beautiful, graceful, elegant, words can't even describe you\" He gave her a weak smile before continuing, \"Tiff…what I'm trying to get to here is…. Will You Marry Me?\" And in front of the whole audience, which were by now staring at them in shock…. She said yes. A ","Summary":" A silver linings fan fiction (short) His eyes sparkled as he lifted up his lover, her body performi"},{"Movie":"Silver Linings Playbook","Title":"I Just Call You Mine","Author":"EllieRenee18","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9093402","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It seems too good to be true sometimes. I look back on my past and realize that I have been through so much. Believe me when I say this, a part of me will always love Tommy. I mean, he was my husband and being left a widow at such a young age is devastating, not to mention sleeping with the entire office. But now that I can see what my present holds, I know that I am a better person. All because of one man who was just as crazy as me. Pat Solitano, a man with gorgeous blue eyes that captivated me and swept me off my feet. After the dance competition, Pat and I began to take our relationship very seriously. We bought a house together. Pat is working as an assistant teacher at the time being while I am currently working as a dance instructor for ten through twelve years olds. I love seeing the looks of pure joy when they get the dance move correct. I remember being in their shoes when Pat and I worked so hard to get the dance moves for the routine. It was not always easy. Many a times I silently asked myself was it even worth it. But in the end, it paid off. As will with these children if they stick with it and never give up on what they want in their young lives. It was time to close the dance studio. It was nearing five o'clock and I needed to be home in time to make dinner. I am so exhausted I think I will stick to making mac' and cheese with hot dogs cut up in it. I will take making very cheesy dinners over having to slave over a stove all night. As I lock the doors and begin to make my way around the studio fixing it up, I hear a song come over the radio that just melts my heart. It is a song that Pat dedicated to me a few days ago. We were both sharing an ice cream sundae at the local diner when a random song came on. Neither of us knew who it was or what the song was called, but Pat looked at me and said he dedicated the song to me. Ever since then I have been trying my best to remember few bits and pieces of the song, but it never came to my mind. Now that it is playing on the radio, I run over to it and turn it up full blast. The studio is literally vibrating with how loud I have it turned up. But I do not care because this song has been on my mind ever since that wonderful day at the diner. And now I can finally listen to it without interruptions. I pinch myself, Sometimes to make sure I'm not in a dream, that's how it seems I close my eyes, and breathe in the sweetest moments I've ever known, it feels like home And here I am, I wanna be you everything, there you are, turning winter into spring And everyone that sees you, always wants to know you And everyone that knows you, always has a smile You're a standing ovation, after years of waiting, for a chance to finally shine Everyone calls you amazing, I just call you mine I fall apart, and just a word from you somehow seems to fix, whatever's wrong Oh, you reach into, the weakest moments and remind me that I'm strong, you gotta know I'd be a fool, not to see or even worse, to forget, that you're more than I deserve 'Cause everyone that sees you, always wants to know you And everyone that knows you, always has a smile You're a standing ovation, after years of waiting, for a chance to finally shine Everyone calls you amazing, I just call you mine Nothing makes sense when you're not here As if my whole world disappears Without you what's the point of it? 'Cause everyone that sees you, always wants to know you And everyone that knows you, always has a smile You're the dream that I've been chasing, after years of waiting, for a chance to finally shine Everyone calls you amazing, I just call you mine I could not help but begin to dance to the lovely music that was playing. The words were so beautiful and touching that I felt tears running down my cheeks. After the song ended, I turned the radio off and could not wait to rush home to just jump into the arms of the man that makes everything in life meaningful. As I grab my bag, I hear hand clapping and it literally startles me that I hurry and turn around. There in front of me is the man that I have been waiting to see ever since I got here this afternoon. His tie is slightly crooked and his white shirt is slowly inching its way out of his pants, but he still looks as handsome as ever to me. I feel a genuine smile form on my lips and before I knew it, I was running straight into his arms where he lifted me up and spun me around a few times until he kissed me. This kiss was filled with so much passion and heated chemistry that I had to pull away to take a deep breath. \"How did you get in here?\" He just stared at me with those eyes and then answered me in a hushed whisper. \"You gave me a key when we moved in together remember?\" I felt so stupid for asking him that question. How could I have forgotten about giving him a key to the studio? I think he noticed my embarrassment because he let go of my sides and placed his cool hands on my burning cheeks. \"That's nothing to be embarrassed about. What's gotten into you Tiff?\" I just looked up at him and knew I had to say the one thing that I was thinking of in this moment. \"You've gotten to me Pat. And I thank you for that. Because without you, what's the point of it?\" He just chuckled at me and I began to chuckle along with him. He then pulled his hands away from my face and then pulled me closer to him. He then gave me a soft kiss on my nose. His lips lingered there for a few seconds until he pulled away and smiled down at me. I returned the smile and then kissed him on the lips. \"Quoting songs now are we?\" I laughed at him and softly punched his shoulder. \"Why yes I am. This song is so beautiful Pat. I can't believe I never heard it before.\" \"Sometimes all it takes is for one person to make a change in their life before they can notice anything else around them. And yes, that includes a song.\" My eyes began to water up and so did his. Many people may think that we are too sappy in love and eventually everything we have ever built will all come crumbling down, but I do not believe so. Sometimes, even when we think all hope is lost, it is the little moments that make everything worthwhile; even if some of the little moments are corny as ever. \"Pat?\" \"Yes?\" \"Will you dance with me?\" He just looked at me and nodded his head yes. He grabbed my hand and led me onto the dance floor. All thoughts about going home, cooking an easy dinner, and going to bed were all lost. Because now, I have the one person in my life that I love more than anything, and he feels the same way about me. So before we head home for the evening, we dance just one more dance. A dance that is so filled with love and passion that no one else would ever understand. But I know deep down inside of me, that this definitely will not be out last dance. As the song ended, Pat still held me tightly. We stood there for what seemed life forever, but a good forever. As we pulled apart, I went to grab my bag so we could head home before it got any later. As we held hands walking out of the studio, I turned around to lock the studio door again for the second time that night. As I was about to turn around, Pat whispered in my ear as if we were in a room full of a hundred people. But I do not mind it at all. What he whispered to me will always be etched in my memory to remind me how much he loves me whenever a storm comes to threaten our relationship. \"Tiff, I just want to tell you that everyone calls you amazing, but I just call you mine.\" I turn around with a smile on my face and he returns it. \"Quoting songs now are we?\" We both laughed again and held hands walking to our separate cars. Both knowing that even though no one else will ever know about the dance we just shared, we danced anyway. AN: I hope anyone who reads this has enjoyed it as much as I have enjoyed writing it. I absolutely love Pat and Tiffany and cannot wait until Silver Lining's Playbook comes out on DVD so I can buy it! The song is Martina McBride's \"I Just Call You Mine\". I thought the song fit perfectly with these two and I hope someone agrees. Please review and tell me what you think! ","Summary":" It seems too good to be true sometimes. I look back on my past and realize that I have been through"},{"Movie":"Silver Linings Playbook","Title":"It could be you","Author":"navax","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10618275","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Schizoid personality disorder they called it. This pretty much summed up to what June had described as \"bloody cold\" a long time ago. They were still children, Tiffany maybe seven or eight years old at the time, and they were left alone to stroll around the playground on a sunny August day. Mom was nearby chatting up the neighbours, entangled in an intriguing gossip-like conversation. Tiffany was sitting by the side of a bench. She was feeling particularly bored and enjoyed doing nothing but staring at some swans swimming in the nearby pond. Her sister, June, on the other hand, was hyperactive as usual. Two years younger than Anna, June was a little devil incarnated in the flesh and bones of a six year old. She would laugh and run and spit and swear, bursting out the few \"forbidden\" words she knew at any given chance, and then laugh and run again. That was life for June. Easy as it gets. And surprisingly enough, this feeling of easiness would accompany her throughout her entire life. If Tiffany could feel jealousy, it would be the one thing that would definitely make her envy June. Lucky for her, this was not the case. It didn't take long for the drama to begin. June was playing by the pond, an inane game of throwing pebbles at the swans that swam scared away to opposite directions. She was laughing almost hysterically as the little creatures struggled to avoid her blows. It was only a few minutes after she had started her game that Tiffany shouted at her to stop. Not that she felt any sympathy for the birds but this whole fuss disturbed her in some peculiar way. On that morning she wanted nothing more than some brain numbing peace and quiet and her sister was doing anything in her power to prevent her from having it. Tiffany's wishes left June indifferent. But then again this was only typical since, despite the two-year gap that separated them, June was used to defying her older sister, who normally would do absolutely nothing in return. This was not one of these days. A whole fifteen minutes had passed and June was still enjoying herself, not halfway bored with her harassment game. Tiffany stood up calmly and trod lightly to her side. She gazed down at her sister, a few inches shorter than her, with her funny freckles and her grim smile, and then she suddenly raised her arms and pushed her to the ground with all her force. In an instinctive reaction June backtracked towards the pond but lost her balance and fell full-length onto the water. Her scream broke the morning's silence. She hardly knew how to swim and was now struggling, swinging her arms and knees in agony, trying to surface. Tiffany remained stationary and unperturbed, observing her sister from above with a void look upon her face, while June was swallowing mouthfuls of water and letting out fade cries asking for help. Some people suddenly arrived to the rescue, mom among them. She pushed Tiffany aside, only to find out that June had already been pulled out of the pond by an eighth-grader a few seconds earlier. The girl was soaking wet, trembling, mostly of fear than of cold, and holding her right arm in pain. She was yelling and moaning as mom picked her up and carried her to the family's station-wagon. Tiffany came along followed by a few other curious bystanders. Once the doors of the station-wagon closed, Tiffany in the front seat, maintaining her detached style, mom turned to her in fury: \"What on earth were you doing back there? Why didn't you help your sister?\" \"She pushed me, mom. SHE did it!\", whined June from the backseat. That was a shock; one that mom had to take a few moments to digest. \"Did you really push her?\", she asked finally. Tiffany nodded affirmatively. \"Why the hell would you do such a thing?\", the woman yelled. Tiffany shrugged her shoulders but said nothing. She had no idea why she had done it, nor any regret about it for that matter. \"She's mean, mom.\" June's weeping had now turned insanely loud. She was dangling her arm in the air, the emotion of pain drawn across her face. \"I hate you!\", she shouted at Tiffany. \"You… you're bloody cold. And mean. That's what you are…\" The aftermath of that day's incident was a broken limb for June and the beginning of a series of psychiatric sessions for Tiffany, only to find out that what her sister had so eloquently described as \"bloody cold\" actually had a name. It was called schizoid personality disorder, which, to put it in simple words, meant that she was emotionally numb, lacking all these notions that people call intimacy and affection and that, pretty much, make us… human. And now that she knew the name, Tiffany needed only to come to terms with one more thing. That she would live with this disease her entire life.[Chapter 2] \"Hey, Pat, there's a lady outside looking for you…\" It was a hot day and Pat was sitting behind his desk with an old fan blowing cool waves of air to his face. This however didn't stop him from sweating like mad underneath his shirt while playing backgammon on a pc of indefinable age. Located on the north side of Portland's Marine Drive, alongside the banks of Columbia River, \"Murphy & Johnson Portland Sailing Inc.\" was nothing but a dusty small space of around 250 square feet with a kitchenette and a toilet room by one side. A desk, two chairs and a worn-out sofa was all the furniture the place could afford, all Pat really needed. That and his liquor cabinet. As long as it was filled with alcohol everything was fine. \"Looking for me?\", he asked, a bored tone in his voice. He raised his head from the pc only to see his partner John devouring a tuna sandwich. John was a chubby guy with silver hair and a sunburned, tired face, an indisputable temoignage of the long hours spent below the hot Oregon sun. \"Yeap!\", replied John. \"Your lucky day, you old dog you…\" \"Is she any good?\", smirked Pat. \"Wouldn't throw her off my boat.. or my bed for that matter\". Finishing his sentence, John gave out a loud laugh, amused by his own joke. \"Well then, what are you waiting for? Tell her to come in\", Pat urged him. \"I'm not your secretary you know..\", grumbled John. He gobbled the last bite of his sandwich, swept his mouth with the back of his hand and then he vanished without saying a word. It was only a few seconds later that she came in. With her light walk and a timid air about her. She was no more than thirty, a tall thin girl, wearing jeans and a loose blouse, no make-up on. Plain but cute in a way. She walked towards Pat, sat on a chair on the other side of the desk, opposite him, and gave him a faint smile. \"I've been told you do boat deliveries\", she said. \"Among other things…\", he replied, a saucy glimpse in his eyes. \"What type of vessel are we talking about?\" \"An I-36. It's anchored here in Portland. I need to transfer it to San Fran.\" \"That's an old vessel…\", Pat observed. \"And a long trip. Could be two, even three weeks of sailing depending on weather conditions.\" \"I am aware\", agreed the woman. She had this deadpan look, her face void of any expression. There were a few seconds of silence until Pat finally decided to speak again. \"We haven't met before, have we?\", he asked her inquisitively. She made an affirmative head nod. \"Pat Murphy\". He stood up from his chair offering her his hand. As she didn't take it, he pulled it awkwardly back to the side of his thigh. \"Tiffany Weiss\". That's all she said. \"So, who told you about me?\" He was still standing up, his question accompanied by an examining gaze. \"My father\", Tiffany answered. Pat thought about it for a few seconds and then, suddenly, a bell rang somewhere in the back of his head. \"Wait… Is your father Rob Weiss? He owns an I-36 so it must be him! Nice guy. We've had many interesting chats the two of us. It's always nice to find someone who loves the sea and the booze as much as I do\", winked Pat and added: \"Haven't seen him in a while though. How is he?\" \"He's dead\". She said these words so calmly, like talking about the weather. For a short moment, Pat was shocked and just stood there staring at her, trying to digest the news. \"I'm really sorry\", he mumbled in the end. \"He was a good man. When did it happen?\" \"It's been a couple of months\", Tiffany replied. And then, once again, there was this awkward silence between them. \"Why do you want to take the boat to San Fran?\", he asked her finally. \"My sister lives there with her family. They're all into sailing and now with dad gone I thought she should have the boat\". \"I see..\" He turned the pages of an empty calendar sitting on the desk in front of him. \"So, is beginning of next week ok for you? It is the end of August now and the weather starts getting all weird from mid September. Wouldn't want to risk travelling under difficult conditions… Of course, I would need to check the weather forecast first.\" \"Next week is as fine as ever\", shrugged Tiffany. \"But\", she paused for a couple of seconds, \"I want to come along.\" Pat was surprised. \"Really?\", he said. \"I mean, I could use all the extra help but I have to be honest, it's not an easy trip. Do you even know how to sail?\" \"I used to sail with my father. When I was younger. It must be five years I haven't set foot on a sailboat though…\", she answered honestly. \"And you're absolutely sure you want to do this? As I said before, it's not an easy one and you can count on long hours of beating into the wind.\" \"I am absolutely sure\", Tiffany declared with certainty. \"Ok then. Your money, your choice\", nodded Pat. Tiffany hesitated a little but then spoke again in a serious tone: \"There's one more thing I need to tell you. You see, chatting may have been my dad's cup of tea, but it is not my forte.\" \"No kidding\", said Pat, his voice slightly mocking. \"I'm kind of… a loner, and would prefer to have some peace and quiet on the boat\". She had taken on a shy expression now and you could tell the discussion made her feel uncomfortable. \"Fine with me\", said Pat. \"You can sit and stare at the ocean all day long for what I care…\" \"We have a deal then\", sighed Tiffany. \"Not quite yet\", argued Pat. \"First, we need to talk about my fee…\" ","Summary":" Schizoid personality disorder they called it. This pretty much summed up to what June had described"},{"Movie":"Silver Linings Playbook","Title":"Siren Song","Author":"David N. Brown","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9386686","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is a two-part story, representing ideas I came up with as possible scenes for a longer story. I decided the material was promising enough for a \"one shot\" style treatment. I also felt that \"Pat's song\" was something I could relate to my own and other people's experiences with being stressed by completely random things, and have drawn on some of that for a little extra complexity. Tiffany stormed down the street, dodging punk kids in Halloween costumes. She had had high hopes for the date with Pat, even hopes that he would go home with her. So, she had humored him with the offer to help him get in touch with Nikki, and then turned it into a set-up to tell him the story of her affair with her manager. The whole point, of course, had been to show him how stupid and pathetic it was to keep trying to reunite with a wife who didn't want him back when he had a standing offer from an attractive and adventurous woman who was ready, willing and waiting . And what had happened? He wanted to talk about what to say in the letter! Pat caught up with Tiffany as she approached a group of college kids, many in costume. It was one of the rougher parts of town, well after 9 PM, on Halloween to boot. He was a little nervous walking here himself; why, he kept getting the feeling that someone was following him now. He was very worried about what might happen to Tiffany if she ran into the wrong people. Pat caught up to Tiffany and started to blurt, asking to explain without keeping track of what he was saying himself. Then she lashed back, calling him names he was sure he deserved, shaking him by the collar. Then before he knew it, she was shouting: \"He's harassing me! He's harassing me!\" Suddenly, Pat was surrounded by punk kids dressed in Halloween costumes or just like punk kids, giving him lecturing speeches or just judging glares. He felt like he was in a scene out of Scarlet Letter , with the denizens of Jabba's palace in place of the Puritans. His left temple began to itch. Then he saw something that really worried him: That neighbor kid who kept coming by the house was standing behind him, with a camera raised. He had been followed. Several more kids who obviously knew him were standing around, pointing and laughing- at him. He wanted to pound his temple with the palm of his hand. He settled for running a hand through his hair. As if it wasn't all bad enough, suddenly Officer Keogh pulled up. At least the kids backed up, but the friends of the neighbor kids were smiling wider. One nudged the neighbor kid, and raised a boombox. The neighbor kid frowned, and it looked like he tried to keep his friend from pushing the button, but it was much too little much too late. From the boombox blared- the Song . Pat stepped forward. His forehead was itching intensely. Officer Keogh reached for his arm, saying something that was no more than a buzz in Pat's ears. The only thing in his mind was The Song... and the pictures... and then, unexpectedly, Tiffany's voice. \"It's a song,\" she said. She gripped his shoulders and turned him around, angling him away from the camera. \"It's just a song. You can't let it be a monster. Just tune it out. There is no song.\" He shook his head. Officer Keogh was approaching the kids, pointing and questioning, but obviously making no headway. Tears were rising in his eyes, and his left temple felt like it was under attack by a swarm of fire ants. Tiffany pressed her hands to the side of his face. \"Okay, okay, then, let's try something else. You know the story of the Sirens? Yeah? Good, then do you know the story of how the Argonauts kept the Sirens from luring them onto those rocks? They hired Orpheus, the greatest singer who ever lived, and when Orpheus sang his best song, it was so beautiful that the sailors didn't even notice the Sirens' song. So if that song is your Siren, find yourself an Orpheus. Think of a happy song, a sweet song, even a silly song, think of it so hard it's like you're hearing it and nothing else. Can you do that?\" He nodded. He was already doing it. It seemed there was no Song to be heard, even before Officer Keogh pointed to the pipe peeking out of the pocket of the punk with the boombox and he and most of his peers all ran like hell. But there was no music that rose in its place, unless it was the sound of Tiffany's voice. Officer Keogh dispersed the crowd, and Tiffany walked away after he hit on her. As Pat turned to walk home, he was met by the neighbor kid. \"I'm sorry,\" said the kid. \"My friends are jerks. I guess they really aren't my friends.\" \"I'll walk home with you,\" Pat said. They did, and Pat could see Officer Keogh discretely trailing him and the punks discretely steering clear. They reached the kid's house first, and Pat kept walking without a word. \"Wait,\" said the kid. Pat looked back. The kid held up his camera and pulled out the video card. Then he dropped it on the ground and crushed it under foot. Pat gave a nod, and then walked away.[Chapter 2] This chapter is based on a deleted scene from the movie, as well as elements of the novel. For the record, I have deliberately omitted identifying \"The Song\" in large part because the book and scenes shot for the movie don't agree on what it is. I suggest filling in whatever song is your personal \"kryptonite\", and go along with it. If I had to choose, it would be anything by Michael Jackson. I never disliked Michael Jackson, but I never cared to listen to his music when it was new, so I was VERY displeased when I tried going back to the oldies stations I DID grow up listening to and discovered they were playing Michael Jackson. \"For today's practice, we're going to try improvising,\" Tiffany said. She walked to the edge of the dance floor and bent over an ipod boombox. \"I'll play a song, and we're going to move to it, move with what you're feeling.\" \"You're not going to play that Song, are you?\" said Pat. \"That would be evil. Of course I wouldn't do that,\" Tiffany said. \"Or would I?\" She hit play. Pat physically reeled at the sound. His temple was on fire, and there was a pain in his belly like his guts were tying themselves in knots. \"I haven't given up on you, Pat,\" Tiffany said. \"I've seen you fight this thing, and I believe you can beat it. You can beat it by showing me how you feel.\" \"I feel like smashing that boombox to pieces over your head,\" Pat said. \"Does that count as a feeling?\" Pat dropped to his knees, and Tiffany leaned down to look into his eyes. \"That's your anger. That's the monster,\" she said. \"It's here, it's real, but I'm here too, I'm here for you, Pat, and we're going to fight it together! We're going to starve it, corner it and kill it! So what's feeding the monster, Pat? What is it that makes you feel this way?\" He raised his hand to his temple, but pulled back. \"I remember,\" he said. \"I did a bad thing, when I caught Nikki cheating on me. But I don't remember doing it, except when I hear this song. Oh god... it was horrible. I was horrible. I was an animal.\" \"Okay, we're getting somewhere,\" Tiffany said. \"We all do things we want to forget. But sometimes we need to remember, and we need to talk about it. It's like when I told you about losing my job, and Tommy. So why not try talking to me about it?\" Pat stood up. He seemed oddly calm, almost hypnotized. \"I'll show you,\" he said. Tiffany's eyes widened as he steered her toward the wall. \"So, I catch Nikki in the shower with the history teacher, he says, `I think you should go.' And I say, `You think I should go? Where do you think you're going, Mr. Tenured Professor? You're going nowhere ...'\" His hands were at Tiffany's neck, though he applied no pressure. \"I got my hands all the way around and squeezed. I didn't even do it hard; he was so scrawny, I didn't have to. Then I picked him up, like this.\" She let out a gasp as he lifted her by the shoulders and pressed her to the wall. \"Then I did choke him hard, only with one hand, and with the other...\" He continued to demonstrate, and Tiffany compliantly followed his pantomime, until she ended up on her back in the doorway of the changing room with Pat straddling her. \"I think he's unconscious,\" he said. \"Nikki's screaming. I don't care, until she shouts my name, and I turn around.\" He snatched up the boombox. Tiffany retreated a few steps as he advanced toward her. \"Here. Take it.\" Tiffany accepted it nervously, cradling it close to her. \"So I turn around, and there's Nikki...\" He gripped the boombox to guide Tiffany's hands into position. \"She's holding the boombox over her head like a cave woman with a rock. And I'm looking her over, because I haven't really looked at her in a while, and the thing that comes into my mind is, `Damn, she's hot! How long has it been since she looked this hot?' So I reach for her, and I start to tell her everything's going to be okay. And then-\" He jerked the boombox right out of Tiffany's hands and banged it against his head as he retreated to the spot he had marked as the shower. \"Bam, bam and BAM Nikki hits me and she keeps hitting me. She busts the boombox right over my head, there are actual pieces falling off, and it's a big boombox. I fall in the tub and hit my head on the faucet on the way down... I guess that's where I got this scar.\" Tiffany rushed to him as he dropped to the floor. He reached up and returned the boombox to her trembling hands and then leaned back against the wall, pressing his hand to his temple. \"Damn. Nikki hit me. Never woulda thought she'd do that. She always says she's a pacifist, she even used to tell me I shouldn't go to the Eagles games because it's too violent...\" He let himself slump. \"So I'm blacking out, I'm pretty sure I'm dying. Of course the music is off, but I can still hear the song in my head. Then right before I go out, I look at Nikki, and say `I love you', or at least I'm trying to. Then she drops what's left of the boombox... Damn, I can't believe little Nikki did that... and she says, `You're an animal, Pat. I never loved you.'\" He lolled his head back and closed his eyes. Tiffany reached for him, keeping the boombox under one arm. Then, just when she touched him, his eyes snapped open just like in a slasher movie. She jumped back, gripping the boombox with both hands. \"What are you doing?\" Pat said. \"Were we doing something?\" \"No, just taking a break,\" Tiffany said. \"I guess you nodded off.\" Pat looked down at the boombox. Only then did Tiffany realize THE SONG was still playing. \"Hey,\" he said, \"what's that song? It sounds like it should be familiar...\" \"This song?\" Tiffany said. \"This song is the worst song ever . I hate this song!\" Pat gaped as she raised the boombox over her head and smashed it against the wall. The plastic shell caved in like an egg and the ipod ejected from the dock. \"And I hate this knockoff POS excuse for a birthday present too! Ronnie's worth half a mil, Von, the least you can do is buy name brand!\" Tiffany kept pounding the boombox against the wall until she cut her hand on the fractured shell. \"Jesus, you're bleeding,\" Pat said. He ran to get her ointment and bandages. \"Seriously, I think maybe you have an anger management problem.\" \"That's right,\" Tiffany said. \"Guess we do have something in common.\" \"No way,\" Pat said. \"There's no way I would ever do something that crazy.\" \"Yeah, that's me, crazy Tiffany,\" Tiffany said. \"Never know what crazy thing I'm gonna do next. That must be why I keep hanging out with you.\" ","Summary":" This is a two-part story, representing ideas I came up with as possible scenes for a longer story. "},{"Movie":"Silver Linings Playbook","Title":"Hail Mary: The Final Play","Author":"Allie Rae","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9231679","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Silver Linings Playbook: Hail Mary Chapter One: Awkward first steps Pat is kissing me on the street cover in christmas lights when Veronica comes looking for me. There is shock on her face when I look at her. I expect and explosion, but instead she smiles and stares down at her feet. I look up at Pat, who is now blushing, and cannot help but smirk. He's so modest and gentle. If he knew some of the things i've done, He'd have an aneurism. The thought makes me laugh. \"Pat, I assume you will be taking Tiffany home. Ronnie and I need get home to relieve the babysitter,\" Von says awkwardly. He nods and takes my hand. \"Are you ready to go, Tiff?\" \"Yes.\" We walk, since Pat cannot drive and my car is at home, because our neighborhood is only a few blocks away. I'm happy to have the time to talk, since I have only a million questions. \"How exactly does this work,\" I ask. He simply wraps one of his muscular arms around my shoulder and takes a deep breath. \"Well, We start slow. I'll take you out on a real date, and we can keep dancing. If you want?\" \"Slow?\" A blush forms on his cheek. \"Yes, If you're okay with that?\" \"I'd love that,\" I lie a little. Obviously, I am human, an addict, and Pat is sexy. I also know that sex complicates things, and i'd rather not complicate this, yet. We walk in silence until I remember his christmas present that is tucked into my coat. I undo a few buttons, and pull out the chart. \"I almost forgot to give you your christian present. It's not much, but I think you'll like it.\" A cloud-chart?\" \"Yeah, I noticed you stare at the clouds when you run, so I thought you might like to know what the shapes mean.\" \"This is perfect, Tiff. Thank you,\" he says and kisses my forehead, then pulls a little grey box from his pants pocket. He hands it to me with a funny expression, So I open it. It's a silver charm bracelet, and each charm has significance. The first charm is a cursive \"T\", a tiny pair of ballet shoes, a police badge, which bring water to my eyes, a football, and a snowflake, They are all beautiful. \"Thank you,\" I say and kiss his scruffy cheek. \"You're welcome.\" We are on my street now and Pat is bathed in the lights. When we get to my door, he takes my keys and opens it for me. \"Would you like to come in for a cup of coffee?\" \"Sure,\" he says with a funny expression. I lead him up the staircase to my apartment, which is tiny, but perfect for me. I watch his face as he takes it all in. My kitchen and living room are combined, and there is a little hallway that leads to my bedroom and bathroom. I motion for him to take a seat on the couch, and turn on the coffee maker. After I pour two cups of coffee, I take my seat beside him. Pat takes a sip and smiles, \"This is tremendous.\" Making coffee is one of the ticks I picked up after I got fired. I took a part time job at the little coffee shop in town. The thought makes me frown a little. \"So you want to keep dancing, or what?\" He nods as he takes another sip. \"Did you ever read Lord of the Flies,\" I ask out of curiosity. \"No. I had to return it before I got the chance.\" \"You can borrow my copy,\" I say hop up from the couch and retrieve the copy from my room. \"Really?\" \"No, I just like to offer stuff to other people all the time to mess with their heads. Why you want to read it is beyond me, but you're more then welcome to it.\" Pat laughs. \"I started reading for her,\" he say gently and I feel the bile rise in my throat. \"But after a while, I kind of enjoyed it. It's relaxing and helps me calm down when my mood is I can relate to. \"When did you read this?\" \"After Tommy died, and I was put into therapy. My therapist suggested I find a more constructed method of coping, outside of sex, so I started to read.\" \"Did it help?\" \"Yeah, for the most part.\" He thought about that for a moment. \"What else have you read?\" \"I'll show you. Follow me.\" I lead him to my room down the hall. He takes all this in too. His eyes take in the dark blue walls and wood floor, the small double bed with the patchwork quilt on top, and the white lights that hang above it. \"What do you think,\" I ask after a minute, and he grows stiff. \"I think you are beautiful and very sexy, but we should-\" \"I was talk about my room, Pat. What do you think about my room?\" \"Oh! It's soothing. I like blue, too.\" I chuckle and point him towards the bookshelf on the wall beside my closet. It's wall length and full. I need to thin out some of the books, so that I can add more. His eyes widen. \"Wow. You like to read.\" \"I used to think about sex a lot,\" I say and flop down on my bed. \"Borrow what ever you like.\" He reads throughout the titles and I see his hand stop at the black case. \"You can look,\" I tell him. Pat pops open the lid and stares down at Tommy's badge with a sad expression. \"It's okay. It's just one of the things I held on to for memories' sake.\" \"Did I ever tell you I was sorry,\" he ask, and I'm confused. \"Sorry for what?\" \"Sorry that you had to lose him,\" he say gently. Tears come to my eyes. \"It's not your fault, Pat. Don't worry.\" \"It's not yours either.\" I look out my window and say nothing. This is not a conversation I want to have tonight. Pat picks up on my hint and goes back to looking through my books. He picks The Count of Monte Christo and comes to join me. \"Would you read to me,\" I ask. He nods and lays back on the pillows. I curl up to his side and listen to his voice. It doesn't take long for me to fall asleep.[Chapter 2] Chapter Two: Bedtime Stories for Adults In the morning, It is the sun that wakes me, and for once, I am happy to have woken. Pat is still beside me, on his side, resting an arm on my waist. This book is between us. His face is completely relaxed, and so beautiful, that I can't bare to take my eyes off the sleeping man beside me. I watch his steady breathing, until I start to feel creepy, and climb out of bed. Everything seems so different today. I shower and start breakfast, which rouses him from his sleep. Pat joins me in the kitchen for blueberry muffins and orange juice. \"You made me breakfast,\" he ask still groggy. \"Good Morning,\" I say with a laugh. He takes a seat at my kitchen counter and begins to munch on a muffin. \"So how did you sleep last night?\" \"Well, Thanks to you. I enjoyed hearing you read.\" \"Anytime, Tiff.\" I decide I will have to take him up on that offer again soon. We finish breakfast in silence, and he kisses my cheek before he heads home to shower. The house becomes empty when he leaves, so I make my bed and do laundry, which are things I don't do very often. When I go to hang up my coat, I see the old shoebox on the top shelf of my closet. The things inside are a part of my past. That's where I keep \"my toys for when I play with boys\". The only person other then myself who knows about them is Veronica. She didn't approve of my past indiscretions, but she was intrigued by the all the bizarre things she never knew you could buy legally. I laugh at the memory of her shocked expression when I showed the box's contents to her. I decide I don't want Pat to find out about these, but i'm also too proud to throw them out. I have no intention of using them ever again, but they are a part of who I used to be. I wasn't my best self then, but I love that part of myself. I love it as much as I love the best parts of myself. It took many hours of therapy to learn to love myself, and sometimes I wonder if I really do. My therapist explained my addiction to me, in the beginning. Dr. Lilly said, \"Tiffany you feel guilty for asking Tommy for a break from sex, so you have this debilitating need to overcompensate, by exploring all the possibilities. Especially the ones you know would have intrigued Tommy.\" It was unusual for our conversation to be so frank, but I had enjoyed the reprieve from our usual sex safe lectures. A knock on my door brings from my reverie. My Mother is already in my studio when I come down the stairs. \"Tiffany, I just saw Pat leave.\" She has a concerned expression her face. \"Relax, Mom. He just fell asleep here last night. We weren't being naughty.\" She relaxes a little bit and rolls her eyes. Mom hugs me tight and kisses my forehead. \"I love you, Tiff.\" \"I love you, too.\" \"I have to go to the store for somethings. Is there anything I can get you while i'm there?\" \"No.\" \"Alright. I'll see you when I get back. Oh, before I forget, Your sister wants you to call her.\" Of course Von wants me to call her. She's a bloodhound and she won't stop till her curiosity is satisfied. \"Okay, \" I say and let Mom out. Once i'm upstairs, I call my sister. She picks up on the first ring. \"Tiff,\" she exclaims with a teenager's enthusiasm. \"What's up Goody-Two-Shoes?\" \"You and Pat, huh?\" Before I can respond, I hear Emily in the background say, \"Pap Pap.\" I smile. The older Emily gets the more I like her. \"So it would seem,\" I say indifferently. I the past I would have told her to 'F off\", but Emily has shamed me. The last time I said it, Emily wouldn't stop repeating it. Veronica was very upset with. Ronnie thought it was hilarious, and I couldn't bare the thought of little Emily's innocent mouth forming such dirty words. It is then I hear her chanting 'Pap! Pap!', in the background. \"You sound busy. I'll call you back later,\" I tell her, and she tells me she loves me, like always, and to behave, which I never do. I go next door, to my dad's study, and get my mail from this past week. When I return, Pat has left a letter on my door step. Curious, I open the envelope and unfold the paper. Tiffany, I think we should try the date thing again. Do you think the diner will let us come back? I'm kidding, obviously. I promise not to order Raisin Bran this time. See you at seven-thirty. with love and the best of intentions, Pat[Chapter 3] Hey guys, I'm back! Sorry It's taken me so long. I've been busy with school and, well, life, but here you go. Hope you enjoy. Love always, Allie Chapter Three: Trying to be Romantic He is on time like the ticking of a clock. When I open my door, It is immediately clear that things have changes. His intent has changed. It's like the way the sky changes from dark grey to bright blue. The mood has changed. He has traded his sweats and trash bag for a pair of khakis and a dark blue button up. He takes in my loose black curls and nearly bare face. This makes me smile, but I know he can see my freckles, the ones he liked on the beach. Our best moments were always the ones we didn't have to try for. The waitress smiles at Pat, then frowns slightly at me. She obviously remembers our last meeting. I want to apologize for telling her to f-off, but I don't want to spoil the night, so I opt for different avenue. \"Hey, Raisin Bran and…Sister Sailor Mouth.\" \"Hi, Can we get a table?\" She smiles again, takes out a couple of menus, then leads us down the dinner to a corner booth. \"What can I get you to drink?\" \"I'll take tea,\" I say giving her my friendliest smile. \"And, I'll have the same?\" \"No raisin bran?\" \"No raisin bran,\" he confirms. After she leaves us, I lean forward, resting my chin on my knuckles. \"You look beautiful tonight,\" \"Thanks.\" Our waitress returns. \"What can I get the two of you for dinner?\" We order and she saunters off. \"What's your favorite color,\" he asks. I laugh, because it seems like such a random question. \"What?\" \"Nothing. It's baby blue.\" I don't tell him why, but he does bat his baby blues at me. My cheeks grow hot. \"What about yours?\" \"Green.\" We are quiet for a moment, before I decide to speak. \"I had an idea for a new dance routine.\" His eye brighten a little. \"And don't worry, We won't be doing any awkward lifts.\" He feigns disappointment, but curiosity is glinting in his eyes. \"Will you show me?\" \"Maybe.\" Pat knits his eyebrows and stands. \"Let's go. Show me now.\" I throw my hands up in the air, \"Can I finish my dinner, first?\" He plunks down into his side of the booth just as our waitress brings our food. \"I'll show you after dinner,\" I promise. We dine and talk about the trivial. That's the thing about Pat; He can spin any horrible situation into a positive one. He would tell me that Tommy was a blessing sent to inspire and enrich me. When Pat goes to pay, I pull a napkin out of the dispenser and a pen from my purse. On it I write, \"I'm a much a better writer than speaker. I'm sorry for my potty mouth. With the best intentions, Tiffany\" I leave it under my tea cup. Pat is surprised when I lead him to the park. It's a pretty night, and I don't want to waste it indoors. I take him to the flat ground underneath the old Oak. I used to dance here as a child. \"Here,\" he asks, and my heart stops. Men have asked me this before, but I know Pat is referring to dancing, so I simply nod. I pull out my phone, which has my dance song on it, and play it loud. The sweet and sultry alto voice dances in the dark of the night. … Holding my breath, last one I've got left till I see you…. I spin in circles at first, then rock on the balls of my feet. My body moves back and forth in a motion similar to a wave, because the rhythm beats that way. … Sweet sun, send me the moon, empty the skies out, bringing me one step closer to you... My body crashes gracefully like a wave. Pat grabs me now, because tears are streaming down my cheeks. He rocks me in his arms, back and forth like a wave, and spins me. \"That was beautiful, and so was the song,\" he says this and leans down, so that his forehead is resting on mine. My wet face is buried in his chest again, but tonight he won't have any makeup stains to explain. … Inches away from you, scared what I'll take from you, Darling... Our noses are almost touching, now. I like that he doesn't wipe my tears away like most people do. Instead, Pat cries with me. I'm not crying because I'm sad. I'm not sad at all. The tears come from happiness. Dancing has ,once again, broken down my wall. Pat spins me once more, but I lose my balance and fall to the ground, pulling down him with me. Underneath him, It's warm and comforting, like cuddling underneath a favorite blanket. I don't want to wait for him to kiss me, so I lean up and kiss him. He kisses back, gently at first, but it builds. When I lay back against the ground, Pat rolls off of me and lays on his side. He looks down at me with his baby-blues. I take his hand and squeeze it. We lay there that way, and I let him trace my bottom lip. His wish is clear, so I pull his scruffy face back to mine. … I breathe in, breathe out… To pull away, or not to pull away, That is the question. I place my palm on his scruffy cheek and gently nip his bottom lip. He stops and sighs. … Until you come in and out of view… This is how we lay, tangled. I am nestled into his side, with my head resting on his chest. His arms are wrapped around me. \"Pat, Can we watch the sunrise,\" I ask him like a petulant child. 'Of course, Sweetheart,\" he says and kisses my head. ","Summary":" The Silver Linings Playbook: Hail Mary Chapter One: Awkward first steps Pat is kissing me on the st"},{"Movie":"The Day The Earth Stood Still","Title":"Emissary","Author":"allandavisjr","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9919314","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Riley was waiting for her at the airlock, with a bucket of paint in his hand for some strange reason. Of course, Riley would be the one to see her off. He gave her a wink and a smile, and she nodded back. \"Knock 'em dead,\" he added. \"After all, what can go wrong?\" With that, all of the tension leaked out of her body, and she found herself laughing in spite of herself. He stepped aside, and Carrie saw what he had painted on the airlock door. \"Fitting and appropriate,\" she said, as the door opened. The laughter was gone before she cycled through the airlock, and she stepped out into the alien space station. Two aliens waited to escort her to the conference room. On her left was a heavy worlder, built like a Sumo but with tufts of green fuzz in odd places. The other alien looked like an oversized predatory bird, and the glare from those large eyes made her feel like it was sizing her up as prey. But they didn't threaten her directly, or even speak; they just turned and flanked her as they crossed the station. The door to the conference chamber was guarded by a Gort. Towering, motionless, its very presence made her skin crawl. She pretended not to notice it as they passed within touching distance. Then she was through the door and looking out over the conclave. This was a \"conference room?\" The room was huge. Semi-spherical, with a dome ceiling and level floor, the seats sloped up in the distance. There were several hundred representatives of the hundred or so worlds that made up the alliance. She couldn't recognize more than a handful of alien species, but she thought that nearly every planet had sent several representatives to hear the message she brought from Earth. Either podiums were the same in any species, or they had studied enough Earth customs to understand the concept, because one awaited her. She stepped up to it, and the buzz of conversation grew louder. She stood silently, not demanding silence, but refusing to speak without it. After a few moments, the noise died away. \"I bring you greetings, from Earth,\" she began. She clasped her hands on the podium in front of her, but decided it was a sign of nervousness, and forced herself to leave them hanging at her sides. \"My name is Carrie.\" She did the triple-blink that activated the chronometer in her contact lens; the numbers appeared in her vision, low and to the left, \"5:00.\" \"Thirty years ago, an emissary from this council visited Earth. He brought death and destruction to our world. In my homeland, the cities of Philadelphia and New York were devastated, but the worst destruction came from an electromagnetic pulse that shut down most of the planet's power grid. Within days, the largest cities on the planet were smoldering wastelands. The death toll numbered in the millions...perhaps even billions. \"But humans are a resourceful people. Within a few short months, we had restored a small percentage of our power generation, and could actually start to rebuild. And some deep, shielded bases weren't destroyed by the pulse; they became beacons of civilization, the centers of new towns and even cities. \"We are grateful for the two gifts your emissary left us.\" There is a murmur through the crowd. \"First, the nanobots that destroyed New York and Philadelphia were collected and analyzed. With the devastation, it took years before we could even begin to pry their secrets free, and several years beyond that before we finally managed to bring one back to life.\" Carrie saw several of the crowd exchange nervous glances, so she moved quickly to allay their nervousness. \"We were able to train the bugs to restore our environment.\" She smiled. \"You'll have to forgive me,\" she said. \"Thanks to an inside joke a dozen years ago, our nano-robot programmers have taken to calling themselves 'Bug Wranglers.' And they don't 'program robots'-they 'train and teach bugs' to do things.\" The crowd seemed to relax a bit at the shared joke. Carrie hoped the humor made it through the translator, at least. Less than four minutes remained on the timer. \"We were able to teach the bugs things that would repair our world,\" she said. \"Robots could be trained to tunnel underground like worms, eating away at anything that would pollute the plants above. Others were trained to crawl through a human bloodstream, eating cancers, tumors, radioactive particles, anything that would harm that person. \"But the real benefit of training bugs came when we created a new generation-one that could not only eat, but deposit materials, too. One breed was designed to skim floating oil off the surface of water, and deposit it in a waiting tank. Another was taught to ingest carbon, but lay down carbon nanotubes. These bugs improved our world tremendously; bug wranglers were able to produce spider-silk threads that could support tons of weight, room-temperature semiconductor cables, and clothing that could withstand bullet impacts yet were as light as paper.\" She didn't mention that those same bugs had lined her bones with carbon nanotubes surrounding molecular titanium, making them practically unbreakable. \"With the advances the bug wranglers created in materials, we were able to restart our space program, making quantum leaps in technology every year. Our spacecraft are easily ten times the size of our old Space Shuttle, yet weigh a tenth as much and are hundreds of times more sturdy. One even survived a crash on our moon with no loss of life. The bugs gave us the ability to apply advances we already knew, but in the molecular world.\" Two minutes left on the timer. Carrie gripped the podium with both hands. \"The second gift was the 'space suit' the emissary arrived in. Most of it was placed in a supercooled deep-freeze before the disaster, and as our technology returned, we were able to thaw out portions of it and clone it. The healing properties of this material saved countless lives, and the things we learned from it have extended the average human lifespan by more than fifty years.\" Including mine, she added silently, but she didn't let the words escape her lips. \"And so, I am here today to thank this federation for the gifts delivered by your emissary, and to deliver a message from my people.\" There was still a minute left on the timer, so she would have to ad-lib a bit. \"Our people split into two factions. One wanted nothing more than to build an army, and lash out at the aliens who attacked us, while the other wished to take a more pacifist approach-heal our planet, improve our lives, make our world better-which is what we did.\" She took a step back from the podium. \"When an entire species focus their will on the same goal, anything is possible. And the human race has been focused on one goal-this meeting-for a very long time. \"You might think I'm here to ask for membership in your federation, but my people do not wish to join.\" A surprised gasp is the same in any language, Carrie thought. \"You might think I'm here to ask for forgiveness for our very existence-but you couldn't be more wrong.\" The aliens began shifting in their seats; this was not the humble and humiliated speaker they had been led to expect. \"We weren't bothering you,\" she said, with a hard edge to her voice. \"Your emissary attacked us without provocation. This federation launched an attack on our planet that left millions dead, and left millions more to starve and freeze...and bleed...and die. I watched my father vaporized, eaten by the bugs.\" There was a murmuring of discomfort and nervousness in the crowd, and several of the aliens were standing now. 10...9...8...read the timer. \"I am here to deliver a very clear message from my people,\" she said, as the timer reached 3. \"And that message is this: DON'T F**K WITH THE HUMANS!\" The conference room erupted in total pandemonium. \"Look,\" Riley was saying. \"They would scan for active nanobugs, so you're not going to take any active ones in with you.\" \"But if they're not active, then how are they going to do anything?\" \"Easy. You're going to activate them. The ring on your left hand holds a dozen offensive bugs. They won't activate until you feed them, and their food source is in the ring on your right hand. Got it?\" \"So, I just clap my hands or something and they wake up?\" \"Exactly. And everything I just said? Flip it around for the defensive bugs in the ring on your right hand. Same rules.\" Carrie stared at the two rings. \"Then what?\" \"Then you wait, five full minutes. All of the bugs are programmed with an inheritable stealth timer. Mommy bug will drop to the ground and start multiplying. The time left on her timer will be passed on to the munchkin bugs, so they'll all end at the same time. They will not fly, and they will avoid organic material until the alarm clock wakes them up. \"That's when the fun begins.\" A cloud of millions of angry nanobugs swarmed up from the ground. The front row of the audience disappeared almost instantly, while the aliens in the rows behind that screamed in fifty languages and scattered in all directions. Carrie calmly began working her way back to the door. One of her escort guards-the hunting bird-moved to block her path. It held some vicious looking combat blades and glared at her like an owl contemplating a mouse. She gritted her teeth, and stepped forward. \"Offensive bugs go after targets. They're programmed to recognize human DNA, so you shouldn't have to worry about them. They will prefer a moving target to an immobile one, and an organic target to an inorganic one. After 12 hours with no organic targets, they'll go into sleep mode.\" \"How the hell do you tell the difference between an offensive and a defensive bug? They're just microscopic robots.\" \"Well, the defensive bugs take their job seriously,\" he said. \"Once they identify human DNA, they'll take up a holding pattern in orbit, ten to fifteen feet away. They'll hold this orbit until destroyed, or until the human DNA source is the same temperature as the surrounding environment-at which point they'll revert to offensive bugs.\" \"That's an encouraging thought,\" she said. Her orbiting bodyguards encountered a target-and dissolved it into its component molecules. A few stray feathers floated to the floor. Four other aliens made the same mistake of coming between her and the doorway, and then she was through. ...and the Gort blocked her path. Her heart in her throat, she found herself looking right into that gleaming red eye. \"Now, the Gorts will be the real challenge,\" Riley said. \"Assuming they don't just try to disintegrate you with a laser, anyway. We think...\" \"You're not sure?\" \"Well, based on what we've been able to piece together, the Gort in New York always preferred to take control of attacking craft remotely as a first option, and actually attacking something personally as a final option. Think of it as alien judo-better to turn the attacker's strength back against it. We think,\" he repeated, over-emphasizing the word, \"that any Gort would try to take control of your bugs. \"We told the bugs to check their parity bits every tenth cycle, and reload their operating instructions if it didn't match.\" \"That didn't make any sense. English, Riley, English!\" \"Okay, okay, the bugs will recognize when their programming has been changed, and try to change it back. If they find that they're changing it back more than once, then they start calling for help.\" \"Huh?\" \"They will send out an alert to all of the other bugs in the area that something is changing bug programming. The chance of a bug answering that call is based on distance. The actual equation is distance over a hundred as a percentage chance, modified by the number of times the alert-\" The look in her eyes could have melted nanosteel. \"Look, if a Gort tries to take over your swarm, nearby bugs will join it. The harder the Gort tries, the more bugs will arrive.\" Carrie dove for cover as the Gort launched a laser bolt at the spot she had been standing. So much for taking control first, she thought. As the giant stepped forward, it encountered the edges of her swarm in the conference room, and focused its attention on them. The beam from its eye scattered into dozens of tiny pinpoint beams. ...then hundreds of pinpoint beams. More and more bugs swarmed out of the room to join in the attack on the Gort. It raised one massive hand, the huge head swivelling back and forth, and took a step backwards-and broke apart into its own swarm. The air was alive with nanobugs fighting for air superiority. Carrie made a dash for the airlock. \"And thank you for playing! We have a lovely parting gift to take home with you! One bug in a thousand will go into assassin mode,\" Riley said. \"It will find organic material, hook on, and go to sleep for thirty to three hundred days. Then it will go into stealth mode, crawling around and multiplying, for anywhere from ten minutes to ten days, and then it will go on the attack. That way, any survivors from the station will still carry your 'message' even if they didn't get a chance to hear it in person.\" Carrie dove through the airlock, pounded on the button to get the door to close, and signalled the bridge to disconnect and get moving. Riley was still there, waiting for her with a gun in his hand. He holstered it, pulled out a remote control, and deactivated any nanobugs that had made it onto the ship. They felt the thump of docking connections clearing and the press of acceleration as the ship rocketed away from the station. \"You realize you just declared war on the entire galaxy,\" he said, with half a smile. \"No,\" she answered. \"They declared war on us thirty years ago. But they made the mistake of not finishing us off like they should have.\" The two of them headed for the bridge, stepping away from the letters he had scribbled on the airlock. The words \"Enola Gay\" shone bright and clear behind them. ","Summary":" Riley was waiting for her at the airlock, with a bucket of paint in his hand for some strange reaso"},{"Movie":"The Day The Earth Stood Still","Title":"Do you want to?","Author":"badwolf2603","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10081848","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Helen and Jacob walked out of the cave hand in hand. Helen was trying to keep it together for him, but she couldn't believe it. She was of course relieved that the human race had been spared, but Helen was more concerned about Klaatu. He was gone. \"It's leaving\" she commented. Jacob opened his mouth to reply, but was cut off by Klaatu's voice. \"But I remain\" he said in a matter of fact tone. Jacob gasped disbelievingly. Helen started walking towards Klaatu in shock. He put out his hand, just like he did when they first met. She reached forward. Their hands met, and Klaatu smiled at Helen. She was lost in his eyes. \"Get a room!\" Jacob whinged. He started to walk back into the forest. Klaatu began to follow Jacob, but he kept hold of Helen's hand. \"How... How are you still alive?\" Helen stuttered. Klaatu stopped walking again and faced Helen. \"I was just in time. They said I had to stay to oversee the changes the humans must make, and they healed me so I could do so\" Helen processed this information and asked \"Who's they?\" \"My people. They have been watching through the spheres and can communicate with me\" Jacob had sat on a log while he waited for the two of them to stop talking. Helen glanced at him and then looked back to Klaatu and asked self-consciously, \"Will you stay with us?\" Klaatu considered the offer and then replied \"Yes\". Helen smiled, squeezing his hand. Jacob had become impatient and yelled \"Guys, it's getting cold!\" Klaatu and Helen reached him on his log and Klaatu looked up into the sky. \"It will be nightfall soon. We need to find shelter in the city\" Klaatu informed them. \"Ok, well our house isn't too far away, just a couple of hours\" Helen said, looking at him. \"That will take too long. Temperatures are going to drop severely tonight. It is an after effect of the atmosphere's disruption.\" Klaatu said in his usual serious tone. Helen nodded once, and realised she was still holding his hand. Klaatu looked down at their intertwined hands and frowned slightly, but did not loosen his grip. Jacob rolled his eyes and stood up. \"Come on then, I'm tired\" Jacob said. They all started walking back into the city. Klaatu saw a bed shop and led Helen towards it. Jacob ran ahead and started pushing the door to no avail. Klaatu put his hand out and the door swung open immediately. Jacob stared at him with his mouth hanging open for a second, before running inside. Helen went to follow him but felt Klaatu tug on her hand; she stopped walking. \"Helen, I have a question for you about human biology.\" Helen frowned, thinking that it wasn't a suitable time to talk about science. \"Why can't I let go of your hand?\" he asked. Helen blushed and said \"Oh! Well, after a traumatic experience you've been through your body may feel like it needs to hold on to something. It is usually a sign of love or support\" Klaatu nodded once and they went inside. The place was huge. There was a big room full of double beds, a room to the side with single ones, a room set up to model one of the exciting children's beds that resembled a tent, and a large café. Jacob was in the café stuffing his face with a slice of cake. \"Sowwy Helen, bu I'm sarving\" he said through a mouthful of chocolate fudge. Helen's stomach rumbled and she realised how hungry she was too. She reluctantly dropped Klaatu's hand to search for some food. Klaatu started to do the same. Once all three were fully satisfied, Helen said that they should all get some sleep. \"Jacob, where do you want to sleep?\" She asked. \"In that big tent bed, in the room to the side!\" He said excitedly. How is he not tired? Helen wondered to herself. \"It will become -20o tonight so have many duvets. Goodnight, Jacob.\" Klaatu said. He placed a hand on Jacob's shoulder for a moment before strolling off into the double bed section. Helen walked with Jacob to the tent room and he climbed the ladder into bed. \"Start to snuggle down, I'll go get the extra blankets and duvets\" Helen told him. Helen quickly grabbed several of the double duvets and decorative blankets, and returned with a pile so high she couldn't see where she was walking. Jacob was snoring as she walked in. Helen smiled softly to herself. She padded up his bed, and wrapped him up securely. She kissed his forehead and started to walk out. \"Night mum\" He murmured. Helen smiled and whispered goodnight. She left the door ajar and walked into the double bed section. Klaatu was stood, seeming to be waiting for her. \"I wanted to give you first choice of the beds\" He explained. Helen smiled appreciatively and selected the nearest one to her. She was so exhausted she didn't care. Klaatu nodded and sat on the one next to hers. He handed her an extra duvet and she accepted it gratefully. Helen crawled straight into bed after taking her jacket and scarf off. She vaguely heard Klaatu getting undressed but she was already nodding off. Helen awoke in pitch black. She was shaking violently and her teeth wouldn't stop chattering. Suddenly, she felt someone climb into her bed. She turned over quickly and saw Klaatu putting her duvet over himself. When he saw her questioning look, he said \"When humans are cold body heat helps\". Helen remembered Jacob and how cold he must be. She started to get up, but Klaatu gently pushed her down with his arm. \"Jacob is warm and asleep, I checked. The ten duvets you gave him are sufficient\" He said, smirking. Helen smiled for a moment before becoming overwhelmed by shivers again. Klaatu put his arm around her and pushed Helen closer to him. He kept his arm around her. Helen snuggled into his side and the shivers subsided. \"How do you feel now?\" he enquired. \"I'm still freezing, but you're helping. Thank you\" she replied. In response to this, Klaatu removed his shirt to reveal his muscular body. Helen stared at it for a moment before asking \"What are you doing?\" \"When doing my research on humans I learnt that naked skin is more efficient to share body heat. Was this information incorrect?\" He asked. \"No, that's true\" Helen confirmed. Suddenly, Klaatu leaned over Helen, with his hands either side of her, sheltering her body. \"You don't have to do that, I can grab another duvet\" Helen said, feeling guilty. \"I need to be the one that keeps you warm\" Klaatu said, his hot breath tickling Helen's face. His breathing was laboured and his chest was touching Helen's. Helen leant up and kissed him. At first, he didn't know how to respond, but he had always been a quick learner. Soon enough, he was kissing her back. It was soft, and stopped Helen's shivering completely. When she pulled back, he said, \"Helen, I have another human biology question for you\" Helen laughed and Klaatu smiled widely back at her, before he leant down for another kiss. He captured her mouth with his own, and gently slipped his tongue in. He didn't need Helen to lead the way anymore; he had given in to his new human instinct. She responded eagerly and cupped his face with her hands. He pressed more of his body down, being careful not to hurt her. He then started playing with her hair while continuing to hiss her with all the passion he had. Helen wrapped her legs around his torso and pulled Klaatu as near as she could. Klaatu felt something… stir between his legs and he stopped kissing Helen abruptly. He looked very confused, and a little afraid that something bad was happening to his body. Helen giggled at first but after seeing his face she stroked his cheek. \"Hey, its ok, that's normal\" she reassured him. \"It is?\" Klaatu asked. It was the first time Helen had ever heard him sound nervous. \"Yes. It's necessary for… well… sexual intercourse\" Helen blushed. \"I skipped that part of research\" Klaatu admitted \"It didn't seem very relevant. I'm sorry for embarrassing you\" Helen shook her head softly and started kissing him again, as if the disruption had never happened. Klaatu promptly forgot his worries and kissed her back. \"Do you want to?\" Helen whispered in his ear. Klaatu kissed her cheek tenderly and said \"Yes\". ","Summary":" Helen and Jacob walked out of the cave hand in hand. Helen was trying to keep it together for him, "},{"Movie":"The Day The Earth Stood Still","Title":"The Day Trip (Alien Invasion Four Book Series)","Author":"stephenc384","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12534600","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey all, my name is Stephen I am from the UK. I have recently had published my action adventure novel for all readers aged 14+. It is called The Day Trip, it is book one of four. I am very grateful to Black Rose Writing in the USA who have traditionally published my book and kept the story as I wrote it. So many thanks to Black Rose Writing. I am known as one of their cinematic writers, I write at a fast pace and keep the story flowing. The Day Trip is about a small group of American High School Pupils who are on a trip to Manhattan with their senior year group. While visiting the city an alien task force who landed the night before landed in New York begin an invasion. From there it is a fight for survival. Bradley Harrison is the lead character, him and a small group must fight their way through Manhattan to an evacuation point which has been set up by the US military and national guard. But the girl who he loves is kidnapped by the invaders and Bradley is determined to get her back. That's all I am going to say. So below I have put Chapter One, and the intro to Chapter Two in for you to read and come to an understanding of my literature and the way I describe a scene in my own wording. Many people ask me how I put scenes together, and the answer to that is \"music\". When I am writing a specific scene to any of my books I switch the music over. Mainly film soundtracks. Resident Evil is a brilliant series I use when writing. Anyway enough of me chatting now. The Day Trip is the name of my book, it will not let me leave a URL lik. Please, please, please do not buy \"The Field Trip\" that is being sold illegally with another company that has shut down. Also I love connecting with my readers, below is my author page and twitter names. I hope you enjoy reading The Day Trip, my publishers are doing a 99p / $1.28 sale on Amazon Kindle right now. Many thanks again (Contact me I don't bite) S W Cheshire Chapter 1 A green, five-foot- six tall Armazoid named Gremlon stared out the front of his dropship window. He was an average interstellar pilot away from home on a ship mainly used for troop transport. Moderate sized and dull, the ship had two atomic engines at the back capable of propelling them through universe quicker than the blink of our eye. They were on Planet Sygonia, which is approximately eight point nine trillion light years from Planet Earth—very far away. \"Where are they?\" Gremlon snapped. \"They should have called in by now.\" The situation was tense. Comlon, his co-pilot, looked onto the radio stand on the avionics compartment of the ship waiting for the call. Ibregorg, the only other crewman aboard, looked pointlessly into the foliage for anything that could appear and pose a threat to their position. The dense shrubs surrounding the ship made it hard to see into the distance. \" This is Strike Force One calling Armazon three-one-six.\" Gremlon jumped to attention and saw Comlon sit straighter in his chair. \"That's them,\" Gremlon yelped. \"Answer it!\" \"Go ahead, Strike Force One,\" Comlon stated. \"What is your status and estimated time of arrival?\" There was a short pause. \" ETA four minutes, Armazon three one six.\" \"Power up!\" Gremlon said. \"We are out of here.\" Comlon fired up the atomic engines, and three minutes later watched as the strike force team came from the huge shrubs and bushes, chased by the tribal inhabitants of Sygonia. The gangplank was down—all the troops had to do was run fast and get on board. Alas, they were being shot down one by one by the vengeful Sygonians. Gremlon watched as the sprinting group slowly dwindled as they got closer and closer to the awaiting dropship, the foliage around them swaying with the force from the engines. He stared in disbelief. Colleagues he had known for years were perishing right in front of him. Nowhere in the universe had they come up against such an invincible force of creatures. Apparently, the Armazoids couldn't contend with their tribal nature and ability to unite and strategize. \"Come on!\" Gremlon gasped. \"Come on!\" Only one Armazoid from the strike force remained. He sprinted out towards the safety of the dropship, grasping the weapon he did not have time to recharge and use. Gremlon watched as this last remaining member of the strike team was shot in the back. The body froze, as the blood from his body ran out of his back. Eyes wide open, staring at the Armazoid Dropship, he slammed into the ground, knees first. Gremlon started running towards him. \"Cover me!\" he shouted over his shoulder. \"What?\" Comlon gasped. \"We haven't got time.\" Comlon watched as Gremlon dived out the back of the ship. Comlon had his back and opened fire onto the incoming Sygonians—there was no comrades left standing that he could possibly hit—while Gremlon dove onto the ground near the soldier. The soldier was panting from pain. His voice almost a whisper, he said, \"It is in my pouch.\" Gremlon knew he wasn't going to make it. He pulled a small disk out the pouch of his dying comrade. He looked down as the green blood ran out of the body. He didn't have the time to say goodbye, which added to the anger he felt. \" Gremlon! \" Comlon screamed at the top of his voice. Gremlon leapt up, sprinting back to open hanger of the dropship. He and Comlon shut the hanger door and ran to the control room. The atomic engines were at full power and ready to roll. Gremlon grabbed onto the stick in front of him, lifting the ship of the ground. He pushed the two power throttles forward. \"Hold on!\" he screamed. The nose of the dropship leveled out as it reached cruising altitude. He looked down at the blips on the radar, showing several dots following their own. The Sygonian ships were chasing after them. \"Get the burners on,\" Gremlon yelled. \"They are right behind us!\" \"Won't be a minute,\" Comlon replied. \"They're still powering up.\" Gremlon looked down onto the computer screen. The rays from the chasing Sygonian ships fired onto them as they powered away from the planet. He tried to dodge them. \"Ready!\" Comlon yelled. But before he could activate them, one of the rays hit the engines. There was a small explosion at the back, but the dropship continued to move upwards. Gremlon looked down at his screen as the afterburners continued to fire up. Finally, a blue ray zoomed from the back, blasting the ship forward—luckily they were still working. The Sygonian spaceships could only watch as the Armazoids craft disappeared into the depths of space. Gremlon lay back in his seat as the silver light of the stars passed the main front window. \"That was close,\" he said, relieved. \"You guys okay?\" The two Armazoids nodded, stunned by the sudden fire fight they had just got into. They were lucky to be alive. \"Let's assess the damage,\" Gremlon ordered. \"To see if we can make it back to base with this data.\" Comlon and Ibregorg stood up to take stock of the state of their ship. Gremlon stayed on the helm, but looked up when his two crew-men came back quickly. \"It should be okay until we get back to the ship,\" Comlon said. \"Hopefully.\" He sat down in the co-pilot seat of the dropship and looked out as they sped through the galaxy. He noticed a huge yellow star in the center of their present galaxy. \"How far have we travelled?\" he asked. \"About seven point nine trillion,\" Gremlon replied. \"All that for this!\" Comlon said remorsefully, gesturing to the small disk with the valuable data in Gremlon's hand. \"I knew Iennae and Blapau for years. It should have been me on that raid.\" \" Hey,\" Gremlon snapped, looking Comlon straight in the eyes. Comlon looked at Gremlon, his eyes wide. \"Don't you ever let me hear you say that again,\" Gremlon yelled. \"Those two signed up to defend our motherland, our home, our Armazon. Their deaths will not be in vain, I can promise you that!\" The back of the dropship went unusually quiet. Suddenly, an explosion from the back rocked the ship. The nose of the ship lowered. Gremlon grabbed onto the stick, pulling back. It was a struggle, but it pulled out. Alarms were screaming at him to act. \"Now what?\" Comlon asked. Gremlon looked up at his computer. He watched as the left atomic engine started to shut down. They would never be able to make it to the mother ship. Light smoke started entering the cabin of the ship. There was a sudden surge. He continued looking at his computer as both the engines flared up. \"Declare an emergency,\" Gremlon said. The ship started to slow down as Comlon switched on the radio. On the main ship still light years from them, Circo, the leader of the first attack force, stood in the control room, trillions of miles away. \" This is Comlon,\" the radio mumbled. Circo stormed over to it. The signal was weak. \"Comlon, this is Circo. Can you hear me?\" he asked. There was a short break. \"Yes, only just,\" Comlon replied. \"We have been hit and are unable to reach base.\" \"Comlon—\" started Circo. The radio went completely dead. Gremlon looked up as the smoke filling the cockpit grew thicker. The radio was dead, and the ship had sustained too much damage. He scanned the radar, looking for a place or a planet to ditch the craft. Sparks flew out of the radio. But something caught Gremlon's eye as the ship banked to the left. He saw a medium-sized planet coming into view. He stared through the windshield at the lumps of blue and a funny looking green color that covered the planet. It was their only option. \"There,\" he yelled. \"There!\" \"I heard you the first time,\" Comlon replied. Gremlon was pointing at Planet Earth. He looked at the curious planet as it grew in their view screens. He turned the ship and headed directly towards it. Sparks continued to rain down from the ceiling as the instruments and system gauges started to fail one after the other. The planet filled their view as they continued to slow down with the loss of engine power. The nose of the ship heated up as they entered the planet's atmosphere. Gremlon pulled the control stick back, straining the craft's hydraulic system to try to slow the descent. The two other Armazoids could only sit and watch as the flames sped over the ship, adding to the heat from the burning engines, and the craft gently rocked from side to side. The orange flames and plasma trails disappeared from the ship. Dense, jet-black smoke poured from the back of the engine. Comlon looked out of the window as they continued quickly dropping from the sky. \"What is this place?\" Gremlon demanded. \"I, I don't know,\" Comlon replied. \"How high are we?\" Gremlon asked. \"We are just over five thousand feet above it. We've got maybe two minutes of glide time before we crash,\" Comlon replied. Something else caught Gremlon's eyes. He looked to his left to see two black jets pulling up next to them as they continued descending towards the ground. \"What the hell are they?\" Gremlon asked. The two other Armazoids walked up to the window and looked out as the ground continued to get closer and closer. One of the black jets pulled in front of the dropship, gently rocking its wings. Gremlon followed the black jet over the land. He looked out to see a long strip in front of them, approaching as they passed through five thousand feet. \"Sit down,\" Gremlon ordered. \"This is going to be rough this landing.\" The two other Armazoids sat down as Gremlon reached out and pulled down the landing gear lever. The landing gear came down as the airstrip came closer and closer to them. The wind drag it created helped slow the ship for the landing. The two black jets continued accompanying them towards the threshold of the runway as they descended. Gremlon grasped hold of the control stick and pulled the nose up as the back gear slammed into the ground. The black fumes continued piling out of the aircraft. The speed brakes opened on the top of the wings as the nose gear touched down onto the runway of the huge military airstrip. The end of the runway was getting near, and the dropship had started to slow down, but they were still going too fast. Gremlon felt the nose wheel start to creak. He held on tight as it touched down, skidding along the rest of the runway. The scraping echoed around the cabin as the ship. Luckily it helped to slow them down to a stop. The onlookers at a military base in Yenisei in northern Russia, around 300 miles from the Siberian border, gawked as the alien spacecraft stood on the runway, nose gear collapsed. No signs of life could be seen. Gremlon slowly lifted his head up and peeked out of the window, which already had a dusting of snow settling on it. He didn't know what to expect. The life forms slowly started walking towards them, armed well. \"What the hell are those things?\" he asked in a shocked and confused voice. Comlon walked to the front of the ship. Still shaken from the crash, he stared at the gray uniforms and wide hats. The weather outside was freezing, and snow started to obstruct the view of the beings moving toward them. Gremlon pulled himself together. \"Prepare to disembark—now!\" Gremlon ordered. As the Armazoids prepared to leave the ship, the life forms completely surrounded them. Gremlon looked down at his computer. He pushed the tiny emergency button, which signaled their location to the mother ship light years away from their current position. He also took the time to assess the area outside him via his computer readouts. They reported very high levels of carbon dioxide and very low temperatures. \"Suits,\" he ordered. \"Carbon dioxide out there and lots of it.\" \"We're going out there?\" Comlon asked in a shocked voice \"Got a better idea?\" Gremlon replied, looking into his eyes The group got into their suits, looking at one another apprehensively as they prepared to go outside. \"Hide the data,\" Gremlon ordered, waving the disk in Comlon's face. \"What?\" Comlon asked. \"Just do it.\" Comlon took the disk and hid it in a flap under the floor. They armed themselves, ready to fight to the death. Gremlon looked at his two comrades as he pulled the red lever. The bay doors slowly hissed open. The smoke poured in from the outside. It was extremely cold. \"Here goes,\" Gremlon said. Gremlon walked out first, uncertain of what to do first. There was another group of natives approaching dressed all in white. \"What do we do?\" Comlon frantically whispered to Gremlon, clearly panicking. Gremlon didn't say a word. \"Now!\" Comlon yelled. \"Wait,\" Gremlon shrieked, trying to prevent the fight. Comlon fired onto the men, followed closely by Ibregorg. Their purple rays zapped through the air, mostly slamming harmlessly into the snow, but one hit a man dressed in gray. The men in gray began to run and shout, finding cover and firing back at the Armazoids. \"Shit,\" Gremlon yelled as he dove behind the ships's cargo door. He watched from his position of relative safety as Comlon and Ibregorg, his only two remaining crewmen, fell to the ground, riddled with bullets. He knew he would have to surrender, but the fate of Planet Armazon rested in his hands and on that disk. Gremlon dropped his weapon onto the floor. He stood up slowly, looking at the people as they walked slowly towards him, clutching their weapons. Two of the men placed him in a strong plastic bag. Gremlon felt his body being tightly compressed as he was lifted and placed on a metal table. He struggled to get out but the straps were too tight. He trembled as he wondered where on earth he was going. Volkov Radoslav, the Russian Premier, woke to a banging on his door. His eyes slowly opened to the heavy knocks. His head burned from the warmth of the heaters. He sat up slowly and rubbed his eyes. He got out of the bed and walked across the red carpet toward the front door of his room. He found himself looking at his assistant, Stanislav. \"Sorry to wake you, sir, but there has been an incident,\" Stanislav said quietly. Volkov paused for a long moment before speaking. \"Okay. A minute please.\" He dressed slowly, wondering what on earth had happened for him to be woken up so early in the morning. The sun had started to come up over the horizon of Moscow. Volkov walked out of his bedroom and down to his office. He sat down as three of his military top generals waited to speak to him. He looked at his white coffee cup on his desk as he sat down and noticed the lack of steam. \"Okay, bring me up to speed on the situation,\" Volkov demanded. One of the generals stepped forward. \"Sir,\" he said quietly, \"an alien spacecraft has crashed at our Yenisei air base.\" Volkov didn't say a word. He wondered if he was still asleep and if this was just a dream running through his head. \"An alien spacecraft,\" he repeated. \"Yes, sir. Crash-landed a few hours ago. We only just got the message.\" There was a silence in his office. He looked up at the clock. \"Did anyone see what damaged the ship?\" he asked. \"No, sir,\" his general said. \"It flew in from the north already smoking and crashed at our air force base there. We managed to guide it in.\" \"Did any living thing emerge from the craft?\" Volkov asked. \"Yes sir,\" The general replied. \"Three of them.\" \"Did they offer any resistance?\" Volkov asked. \"Yes. Two were shot and we have one at Area 52,\" the general said. \"Has he tried any type of communication with you?\" Volkov asked. \"No, sir,\" his general replied, \"but we are working at it.\" \"Okay,\" Volkov said. \"I want a media blackout on this. No one is to know—only us.\" \"Understood, sir.\" Chapter 2 Three months later. If you asked Bradley Harrison to write about himself and what was important to him, this is what he would say: We used to be the typical boys, running around with toy guns, shooting at enemies and, of course, not to forget the aliens. You know what I mean. So we had the practice. Who was to know that one day all that pissing around would have been needed on a normal day like today. My name is Bradley. Bradley Harrison. I'm your average, everyday teenager. Love women and have my mind on one thing only. You guessed it: gun clubs and martial arts. Of course, you know what else I mean. I was born on the 2nd August 19.99. So nearly eighteen. Let me introduce you to some of my friends, and to make things better, the enemies too, who are going to have a different view of me after today. Meet Kevin, my longest running and most loyal friend. I have known him since kindergarten. He has a great brother called Will who has joined the US Army. Then we have Max. Nice guy, the best sniper shooting at the local gun club. He has had more bull's eyes than I have had hot dinners. And of course we leave the best man till last. Meet Eric. Yes, Eric. Mind you, Eric did help us out a lot when the Armazoids were invading, but he isn't the sharpest tool in the toolbox. But we all love him very much. Now to the others. Kate is my childhood sweetheart, and Lisa is Kevin's. To this very day we are trying to get in their pants. I didn't just say that, did I? But haven't had much luck since—well, you get what I mean. Now to the fun people. Ms. Hogan, our form tutor. Has had it in for me ever since I started high school. I don't know it's one of those things, but she has a little side-kick named Colin. If I said boo to a goose he would tell her. So there you have it. However, a normal day trip to the Big Apple is going to change the way they viewed life as they saw it. The Day Trip Stephen Cheshire Twitter: S_W_Cheshire Instagram S_W_Cheshire Facebook Author Stephen W Cheshire ","Summary":" Hey all, my name is Stephen I am from the UK. I have recently had published my action adventure nov"},{"Movie":"The Day The Earth Stood Still","Title":"Alternate Ending","Author":"curlyqgurl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5054165","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ~Hey, you might not know this, but this type of writing, really isn't my forte, basically I wrote this alternate ending because I loved the movie, but I just did NOT want the humans to win. So here is what I think should have happened. Oh yeah, disclaimer: I do not own this movie, just my ending.~ Alternate Ending: Mission Abandoned? \"Klatuu! Save us please! The world can change, the humans can change!\" Helen's voice pleadingly cut through Klatuu's thoughts. He looked at Helen's beautiful face and all was lost what else could he do? He couldn't let this precious earthling disincarnate. No, if anything he had to save her. Without thinking he told Helen and her little son to get in the car. The boy annoyed him, he had put his mother in jeopardy because of his selfishness, and Klatuu sighed. Then again he was just a human. They drove fast past swarms of the little electronic bugs created to destroy everything humans created, including humans. They drove right into the swarms now as they approached the park where his main space orb was. All of the sudden they crashed, running into a tree because the bugs had deteriorated the car wheels. He helped them out of the car and they ran for cover. They arrived at a little hidden bridge that had been fortified just for Klatuu to hide in. The boy fainted, Helen ran over to him. \"Oh my gosh! They are inside of him!\" She looked down at herself, and felt the pain, \"And me too! Please Klatuu save us, please save us!\" Never taking his eyes off of her gorgeous, bright, and pain filled eyes Klatuu grasped both of the human's hands forcing the bugs to come out. The little boy sat up, \"Thank you.\" he said. Klatuu looked at their surroundings; they were under a small concrete bridge. Graffiti colored the walls and the few trash that had not been blown away sat in rotten heaps. A dead butterfly lay on the ground. Hesitantly Klatuu pressed his hands against the wall, preparing himself for the coming act. The one that would let humans live. He would get severely injured to save these humans. He wondered if what he was doing was right. All of a sudden screams pierced his ears. All of the pain the earth had ever felt entered Klatuu's head. He felt wolves getting caught in traps, bears being shot, birds hitting windows, trees being chopped, flowers being plucked, rocks being sawed through. So much pain. It was so intense he yelled and fell to the ground. Soon hands were shaking his shoulders. \"Klatuu! Are you okay? \"The frantic voice of Helen aroused him. Her voice was so beautiful, but it was the voice of a killer. \"Klatuu! Please get up. Hurry! This place won't hold them for long; we need to stop this mess!\" Klatuu rubbed his head and sat up. \"No, Helen.\" He said softly. He watched Helen's face twist and he heard her and her son yell frantically, Helen tried shaking him again but he stood up. \"I'm sorry, the earth is just too precious, even more so than you.\" a tear slid down Klatuu's face as he pushed the humans into the deadly storm. He fell to his knee's again at their anguished cries, but these ended quickly. He stayed down until the last of the human world had been demolished, mourning for his friend. At last all settled. He stood up, what was done was done. It was time to stop being selfish, besides it was all for the greater good. Klatuu stepped out of his protective bridge letting some stray bugs finish it off. All around him was empty for miles and miles. With a single word his little ark, the hundreds of orbs that had been collecting two of everything, floated down all over the planted, depositing every animal. Soon the world would be populated again, with animals, just like it should be. Klatuu walked to the top of a small rise, feeling the wind calmly rustle his hair, he looked out over the fields, a humming bird flitted around his head, proof of a successful mission. Slowly a smile crept up onto his face. ~Thank you for reading! Feel free to review, I always like feedback on my work so it would be appreciated :)~ ","Summary":" ~Hey, you might not know this, but this type of writing, really isn't my forte, basically I wrote t"},{"Movie":"The Day The Earth Stood Still","Title":"Klaatu Has a Secret","Author":"heygurlheyyyy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5148376","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The glowing sphere was leaving. The nanites, those horrible killing \"things\", were soon disappearing. Helen and Jacob looked at their savior, Klaatu, with looks of gratitude. \"W-Wait, Klaatu!\" Helen called out, reaching her hand out to the alien as if trying to grab him. Klaatu sighed in frustration and whipped his head around. \"WHAT?!\" He shouted angrily, putting his hands on his hips in a very feminine fashion. \"I-I…love you!\" Helen cried as she ran up to Klaatu in slow motion and embraced him in a hug. \"AAAWWW!!!!\" Said an invisible audience. \"BBBLLLLLAAAAAHHHHH!!!\" Jacob shouted, throwing his arms in the air and doing the tango with Paris Hilton. Klaatu groaned and pushed Helen off of him. She fell to the ground dramatically and hit her cheek against the grassy earth. OH NO HE DIDN'T!!!11 \"LOL , I mean , OW! Klaatu! That hur-!\" \"SHUT UP, BITCH!\" Klaatu slapped Helen across the face. \"There is only one true love for me, and that's…. GORT !\" GORT suddenly came back to life. \"I love you, GORT!\" Klaatu shouted as he ran up to GORT and tightly hugged one of his gigantic-ass legs. \"YAAAAAYYY!!!\" GORT cheered as he flew into space with Klaatu still hugging his leg. The nanites were bored, so they decided to leave, too. \"This is stupid,\" Jacob said as Klaatu and GORT disappeared into the sky. \"No, you're stupid!\" Helen replied back, then slapped Jacob across the face. \"What the hell?! What's your problem, muthafuckah?!\" Jacob cried as he punched Helen in the stomach. \"Er….shut up…er…bitch….and, um….bend over!\" Helen tried attempting what Klaatu had told her countless times to get her to obey, but she just wasn't as bad-ass as him, so she could never say it right. \"What? Why would I bend over? YOU'RE A WOMAN!\" Jacob punched Helen in the gut again and she fell to the ground. \"MAKE ME A SANDWICH!\" Helen yelled as she held her stomach in pain. \"YOU'RE DOING IT WRONG!\" Klaatu shouted from \"above\". Helen looked into the sky and waved at nothing. \"Goodbye, Dracula.\" Helen whispered. Tears formed in her eyes and were streaming down her cheeks. She then grabbed Jacob and threw him off a cliff, where a hungry gingerbread man kidnapped him and gave him to Willy Wonka. \"HE'S MINE NOW, BITCH! NEH HEH HEH HEH!\" Cried Willy Wonka, pointing to an Oompa Loompa who just gave birth. AND THEY ALL LIVED HAPPILY EVER AFTER! THE END! ","Summary":" The glowing sphere was leaving. The nanites, those horrible killing \"things\", were soon disappear"},{"Movie":"The Day The Earth Stood Still","Title":"Gort and Jacob","Author":"Venetian King","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5251620","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer :nSorry I own nothing SonI've been looking through this archive and found barely any storiesnabout Gort, and he's my favorite character in the whole 2008 movienversion. Prologue :nBasically Klaatu comes back when he realizes his feelings for Helennwere strong, so he comes back and is now currently dating her. Gortncomes back. He's the exact same only instead being a ten storyngiant, he shrunk himself to a reasonable 6'6 in. And serves as thenfamily's bodyguard. ___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ \"Jacob.nJacob!!\" Helen called from downstairs. \"Jacob!!!\" growingnfrustrated she marched upstairs and walked down the hall to Jacob'snroom. She opened the door to find him sitting on his bed with hisnlaptop resting on his…. Well…lap and earphones innhis….well……ears. \"Jacob!\"nHelen hollered again. Jacob gave a frustrated sigh and took out hisnearphones. \"Yes Helen.\" he spoke nonchalantly. \"Okay, Me andnKlaatu are going now. Gort will be down stairs if anything happensnand my number is on the fridge. Remember we'll be back Saturday.\"nsaid Helen. \"Whoa, whoa wait Saturday….. You expect me to staynhere by myself for five days?\" Jacob shot up. \"Younwon't be here by yourself, you'll have Gort. And maybe you guysnmight actually become good friends.\" Helen grinned. \"Fat chance.nHe's only active when there's violence. If not than he'll justnsit there like a lump and even if he's awake how am I suppose toncommunicate with him if he doesn't even have a mouth.\" he saidnclosing his laptop and grabbing his PSP. \"WellnI guess you're just gonna have to find away Jake, now we've gottango okay.\" Helen walked up to him and gave him a hug and a kiss onnthe head. \"Alright love you, be safe.\" \"Love you too.\" Jacobnhollered as she walked out the room. Afterna few moments of playing Burnout. Jacob checked the time. It wasnalmost 6pm, Total Drama Island was about to come on so he quicklynscurried down the stairs to the living room. Once in the room henfound Gort sitting on the couch lifeless with his hands on his kneesnand back straight. Jacob rolled his eyes and took a seat next to him.nHe flipped on to cartoon network and sure enough Total Drama Islandncame on and fortunately it was his favorite episode when the teensnhad to survive the raging psycho killer on the loose with a chainsawnand a hook. Jacobnleaned against the armrest with his head propped up on his palmnwatching the show glancing at Gort now and then. 30 minutes later thenshow ended just as Jacob's stomach began to rumble clutching hisnstomach he walked to the fridge. Oncenhe opened it he peered in seeing 2 containers filled with vegetablenstir fry. \"Gross\" he muttered and closed the fridge door. \"Nownwhat am I suppose to eat.\" mumbling to himself he walked up to hisnroom and closed the door behind. Then an idea popped into his head.n\"Of course.\" he rushed to his drawer and pulled out his 'secretnbox' where he pulled out 20 dollar bill. \"McDonalds here I come.\"nhe chanted and walked to the front door. But then he just remembered.nThe last time he went out by himself he was nearly robbed. \"ThanknGod it was next to a police department.\" he sighed. Jacobnturned to the living room seeing Gort still sitting in the samenposition. Then another idea popped into his head. Smile grew on hisnface and he ran up to his room. Once back in the living room with anbat in his hand. He walked up in front of the silver robot. 'Thisnbetter work.' he thought and prepared to swing coming inches awaynfrom his head. Gort opened up his visor and blasted the bat untilnthere was nothing left but a pile of dust. \"Okay maybe bringing Myndad's Babe Ruth autograph baseball bat down was a bad idea.\" henspoke. He looked back up at the now standing Gort that toward overnhim with clenched fists and his laser eye brightly intense. \"Okaynplease don't blast me, I just wanted you to wake up so you can comenwith me to McDonalds.\" Jacob raised his hands in front of himnshielding his body. Gort slowly relaxed his hands and dimmed his eyena bit. Jacob sighed with relief that he wasn't going to benvaporized. \"Okay so come on then.\" he gestured his hand to thenfollow him and Gort followed. Uponnthey're arrival Earth, most of the countries came to accept themnover the months. Although there were a few cautious people, it wasngoing quite well. Heck toy lines even created action figures. Theynwaited at the bus stop, Jacob leaning against the sign and Gortnstanding tall. \"Look I know you don't talk and all but can'tnyou give some kind of communication so this week won't completelyndull.\" Jacob spoke. Gort turned his head to look at the pre teennand nodded. \"Good.\" he exhaled. The bus pulled up and theynboarded on. There were only a few other people on the bus includingnthe driver. Jacob happily took a seat in the back as Gort sat next tonhim. Thenbus ride to McDonalds was awkward all of the passengers stared at thentwo with the driver occasionally glancing back through the rear viewnmirror. Jacob looked out the window hoping the ride would end soon.nFinally the giant yellow luminous M came into view. \"About time.\"nhe whispered. After getting off the bus Jacob sighed in relief,n\"Thank God that's over, Right?\" Jacob looked up at him. Gortnsimply nodded. Uponnentering the restaurant it was a little better than the bus ride.nThey were the only customers for now, hopefully it will stay thatnway. \"Why don't you go find a seat.\" Jacob suggested and Gortnnodded and sat in a nearby booth. Jacob walked over to the cashiernand ordered his food. \"Alright so one Big Mac meal with a largensoda?\" The woman repeated. \"Yes.\" he nodded with a smile. Justnthen other customers came in. they were a family with two kids, onengirl, one boy and both had Gort action figures. When they walked upnand ordered their food the little boy saw Gortnwith Jacob sitting at one of the booth's. shocked to see him hentapped his sister on the shoulder and pointed at the giant robot.n\"Mommy, Daddy, look Super Gort!\" the kids screamed. The kidsnraced off to greet him. Jacob jumped as the kids crowded the table.n\"Super Gort! Can you fly?\" \"Can you lift a car?\" \"Can younrun super fast?\" \"Can you blow up a house, Super Gort?\" backnand forth the kids bombarded him with questions. Gort was a littlensurprised, trying to process each question and tried to deliver annanswer but before he could state one another question came out fromnthe little motor mouths. \"Wellnhe can't fly, or run super fast but I'm pretty sure he can lift ancar and blow up a house. Oh and he has laser vision.\" Jacobnanswered for him. \"WOW!\" The kids screamed in unison. \"Okaynkids let's leave Super Gort be, okay?\" the mother came up tonthem. \"AWWWW! Bye-bye Super Gort.\" they waved. If he had a mouthnhe would smile back at them, But unfortunately he didn't so Gortnjust gave a wave back. _________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ Jacobnand Gort walked back in the house and they both plopped back down onnthe couch. It was 9:30pm when Jacob checked the clock. Good thing itnwas Summer Vacation or else Helen would've have been calling him tongo to bed. Jacob glanced down at his Xbox 360 then back at Gort whonfor once isn't sitting proper. He was leaned back with his legsnpropped up on the ottoman. \"Inhave an idea, play Xbox with me.\" Gort turned to see Jacob hand himna controller. Gort slowly reach his hand out a slowly grasped it innhis hand okay. \"Do you know how to play Burnout?\" Jacob asked.nGort slowly shook his head. \"No problem, I'll teach you.\" Hensmiled. Afterna while playing, Gort got the hang of it. He had already won threenraces out of the 50 they played. Jacob yawned a bit. He checked thenclock and it read 2:30am and he yawned again. Gort saw the boy slowlynlean and saw his eyes closed. Gort picked up Jacob over his shouldernand carried him upstairs. He opened the door and made his way tonJacobs bed. Dropping him off his shoulders, but careful not to hurtnhim Gort pulled the blanket of Jacob's tired body and turned offnthe light. \"Thanks Gortie.\" Jacob spoke tiredly and dosed off. Gortnwalked down stairs and cleaned up the living room. Once he was donenGort decide to take a different sleeping position. He slowly sat onnthe couch, lifted up his feet and laid his back down on the seat. Hencrossed his arms over his broad chest and his visor faded over hisneye thus causing him to fall into deep slumber. ____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ Hopenyou liked it. I'll update if you do like it. Please review ","Summary":" Disclaimer :nSorry I own nothing SonI've been looking through this archive and found barely any sto"},{"Movie":"The Day The Earth Stood Still","Title":"Gaze Down at Me","Author":"Celandrea","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5997287","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: Much as I wish I had my very own hot alien to play with, nothing is mine. Gaze Down at Me 1\"Mom, I'm going to bed!\" \"Good night Jacob,\" Helen called, washing up the last of the dishes waiting in the small basin of water. Above her, she heard the bedroom door close as she shook the soap off her hands. Another day was finished. She sighed in exhaustion as she leaned against the makeshift sink. Around her the kitchen was lit with the soft glow of candles. She'd grown used to the gentle light. Outside the night sky was crystal clear, free from the light pollution that had once erased the stars. It had been five years since the world had almost ended. Five years since every human on the planet had nearly been wiped out, herself included. It was only thanks to one man that she was even still breathing. \"A man,\" she whispered, smiling slightly. That wasn't the right word. But whatever he was, she still owed him her life. Five years felt like a lifetime now. So much had changed about their world. The post apocalyptic reality had been left without any kind of technology. Klaatu had warned them there would be a price and he'd been right. This new world was a harsh place but the human race had adapted, as it always did. She lived in the country now. It was easier that way to grow food. Several families worked together to ensure the prosperity of the farm she lived on. After all, if their crops failed it wasn't as if they could run to the supermarket and pick something up. Every day was hard work but at least they were alive. They had been given a chance and Helen was determined not to waste it. Klaatu had said they'd be watching. She wanted him to see he hadn't made a mistake in sparing her people. It was hot in the house, especially with no air condition to give any respite. Filling a glass with water, she headed out onto the porch. The evening breeze ruffled her hair as she stepped into the night. During the day she lived a life she had never prepared for. But at night it was easier to forget the toil and suffering the human race had gone through. At night she could come out here and look up at the stars. She'd looked up at the sky thousands of time during her life but now it was different. Now when she looked up, she wondered if someone else was looking down. Somewhere up there, was a man with beautiful dark eyes gazing back down at her? She smiled at her own foolishness. It had been so long. What was the point in thinking about him? Klaatu was an alien. He felt none of the same emotions that humans did. And yet it didn't stop her from thinking of him during the day, or dreaming of him during the night. They had only spent a matter of hours together but it had been enough to make him unforgettable to her. Not because he was an alien but because he had taken care of Jacob. He had listened to her, protected her. And he saved them. When exactly was it that she had fallen for him? Easy question, she thought, leaning against the porch post. When he had stood in the living room, listening to Bach with a look of surprised wonder. It had been the first time he'd encountered proof that the human race could be different from the violent beings he knew. \"Stupid girl,\" Helen whispered to herself. He was an alien after all. He probably never even spared her a second thought. \"Klaatu,\" she breathed for the first time in years. It was getting late. They'd have an early start in the morning. Dawn was now their alarm clock. She turned to go inside when a spark of light caught her eye. Looking up she saw a streak of white flash through the sky. It hit the ground with an audible bang. She felt the earth beneath her feet shudder and was running before she could think twice. The light had landed in her field, out past her crops. She drove into the tall corn stalks, forcing them aside as she ran. It couldn't be. It must have been a meteorite. Nothing more. But still she ran. She had to know. Could it possibly be the man she'd been longing for? Or was it yet another threat to be faced? Onwards she pushed. The light was growing fainter now. Just a little further, just a little more. She broke through the tallest crops and stopped dead at the edge of the grass field. There in the center stood a small glowing sphere. She had seen the type before. Her heart raced with fear as she waited. Should she run or stay? It was a question Jacob had asked so many years ago. \"Hello?\" she called. She had meant her voice to be strong but it came out as a breathy whisper. The sphere pulsed brightly in response. Hesitantly she stepped forward. The adrenaline coursing through her veins demanded she run. It was all she could do to hold her ground. As she had seen it do before, the light in the sphere slowly sunk to the bottom. Whatever was inside was about to come out. She held her breath as a dark shape appeared in the center of the white light. It came forward, becoming clearer with each step. Klaatu. He faced her with the same stoic expression he'd always worn. The clothes on his body were identical to the ones he'd left with. But the black suit was once again impeccable, not shredded as it had been from his last desperate attempt to stop the destruction he'd unleashed. She ran towards him only to stop short. Helen didn't know how to approach him. He was a man who terrified and enthralled her. How did she touch him? Did he even remember who she was? He took a step towards her, reeling slightly. \"Are you alright?\" she asked, hurrying forwards in case she needed to catch him. \"This world... takes some getting used to,\" he replied. His voice sounded rusty, as if he hadn't used it in a long time. \"Things were different where I was.\" She stood so close to him yet they didn't touch. He watched her with eyes that missed nothing. Helen did her best to meet his eyes and ignore the way he made her feel so vulnerable and exposed. \"You've changed,\" he said. Quickly she hid her dirt crusted nails behind her back and raised her chin. \"The world changed.\" \"I warned you.\" \"I'm not complaining,\" she denied. \"You saved my life, all of our lives. I will forever be in your debt.\" He looked away. \"We are not satisfied that the humans have changed enough,\" he said shortly. The words froze her heart. It was going to happen again? Had they wasted their second chance? \"But... but we're trying! We've worked so hard. You can't tell me that you are here to...to...\" He glanced back at her. \"I have not come to pass judgment.\" She wrapped her arms around herself for comfort. \"Then why are you here?\" she whispered. \"We wanted to send someone to watch you. Someone to be here if the planet needed guidance or, if need be, extermination.\" \"I don't understand,\" she said. \"I volunteered,\" he replied. \"I am to stay here, living among humans, for the rest of my life span.\" It took her a moment to realize what he was saying. \"You are stuck here?\" she asked in shock. He nodded sharply. For a moment they were both silent. \"Do you want to come home with me?\" she asked. In response he turned back to the sphere. He stared at it for a long moment before stretching out a hand to touch it. The sphere pulsed brightly and disintegrated into tiny black specks. Without the light, Helen could barely make him out as he turned back to her. \"Please,\" he said, as if nothing had happened. As if his only way home hadn't just been destroyed. Silently she led him back to the old farm house. It seemed eerily quiet as they entered. Minutes ago she made been comfortable in her home but now with him in it everything was suddenly different. \"Can I get you anything?\" she asked as she closed the door. \"Water,\" he replied, studying the hall. He followed her into the kitchen and watched as she filled a tall glass and held it out to him. \"Thank you.\" He lifted it to his lips and drank it in one long swallow. \"Why did you volunteer?\" she asked quietly. Klaatu set the glass on the counter. \"I already had the body. I knew this planet. It was the logical choice.\" So he had come back out of duty, not desire. \"Oh,\" she murmured. The silence stretched until he turned his head slightly towards her. \"You were here.\" She looked at him sharply. \"What?\" He watched her silently. \"What did you say, Klaatu?\" \"That is the first time you have said my name.\" \"I—\" Helen felt confused. She had no idea how to act around this man. What did he mean she was here? Had he come back for her? \"I don't understand what is happening,\" she said finally. \"Others would have come had I not.\" He looked at her directly. \"I did not want that.\" \"Why?\" she asked. \"At the precipice we change,\" he told her. \"I don't want this race destroyed. Others may have seen a different side of you and challenged my decision. I wanted... to protect you.\" She drew an unsteady breath. \"Why?\" she whispered again. He watched her for a long moment before striding to her. Slowly he reached out and touched her face with the gentlest of touches. \"I don't know,\" he replied just as softly. \"We watched the humans try to rebuild. All of us looked, but I only ever saw you. I never regretted my decision to save them because it saved you. When we were told there was a chance to go back I didn't hesitate. I gave away my life, Helen, to come here and I don't know why.\" \"Do you not?\" she asked, reaching up to catch the hand that touched her. \"Human emotions are complicated. I do not comprehend them.\" \"You're part human.\" \"I will never be human,\" he corrected her. Helen shook her head. \"I don't care.\" He stepped closer, bring their bodies together. She inhaled sharply. \"Why did I come back for you?\" he asked her, demanding she give him answers to questions he didn't even understand. \"I can't answer that,\" she replied. She swallowed hard before adding, \"But I'm glad you did.\" Their eyes locked in the still kitchen. Slowly, ever so slowly, Helen rose up on her tiptoes. She brushed her mouth lightly across his. Klaatu stood immobile under her touch. When her fingers trailed up his arm, he raised his hand to mimic her movements. Helen kissed him slowly, allowing him to study her actions and learn from them. She caught her breath when his arm wrapped around her waist, pulling her more firmly against his body. She had loved Jacob's father passionately but she couldn't compare it to what she felt in Klaatu's arms. They were two different men, two different species. She had never been afraid with Andrew but she had also never felt as if her body was on fire just by touching him. Klaatu drew back slightly before she was ready for him to go but she didn't stop him. \"I don't understand your human concept of love,\" he told her. \"I'll teach you,\" she said without hesitation. \"I looked up at the stars,\" she told him. \"And wished that you were looking down at me.\" \"I was,\" he said helplessly. \"You saved me.\" \"I had to.\" Her heart raced at the simple admission. Even then she had been something important to this man who had seen galaxies. It was a heady thought. After all, she was just one woman. Only a human. But somehow, against all the odds, against their vastly different backgrounds, a human and an alien had managed to touch. To connect. \"You healed Jacob,\" she whispered, looking up at him. \"You needed him,\" he answered, as if his actions should be obvious to her. \"I've dreamed of you since you left.\" He had no reply. Instead he stared at her helplessly. \"You are trapped on this world,\" she said. \"Won't you spend your time with me?\" He tilted his head to the side, considering her words. \"You would ask me that?\" he said, trying to understand. \"My stay here is not numbered by hours as it was the last time but by years.\" \"I know,\" she replied. \"And my offer remains the same. You don't know this world, not really. Let me show it to you. Let me show you what it's like to be human.\" Indecision reflected in his eyes but he still nodded his head, agreeing to her request. Helen smiled, feeling relief wash through her. He wouldn't disappear without a word. This time, he was hers to keep. Carefully she stepped closer and wrapped her arms around his waist. He watched her closely but didn't protest. \"Hold me,\" she instructed, laying her head on his chest. Slowly his arms came up around her. \"Perfect,\" she whispered. His arms tightened slightly around her as he rested his cheek against her hair. \"Thank you for coming back,\" she whispered with her eyes closed. \"You're welcome,\" he replied. He voice was gentler then she'd ever heard it before. \"I didn't think we'd get a second chance, you and I,\" she confessed. \"I'm glad we have.\" \"Second chances seem to be what I'm best at.\" \"I'm not complaining,\" she replied, raising her head to meet his eyes. As she rose up on her tiptoes to kiss him she knew that for once in this crazy new world of hers, everything was perfect. The End A/N: I've written this fic to celebrate my first venture into the strange new world of publishing. If you like my writing, please check out my debut paranormal romance novella \"Deals with Demons\" by Victoria Davies, out today via Samhain Publishing. To learn more about why one should never make deals with the damned, please visit my website listed on my profile or check Amazon. Thank you for your support! ","Summary":" Disclaimer: Much as I wish I had my very own hot alien to play with, nothing is mine. Gaze Down at "},{"Movie":"The Day The Earth Stood Still","Title":"Catalyst","Author":"breadandchoc","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5405945","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Catalyst Second in the Inertia series, occuring quite some time after the events in Inertia. * The second time he arrives, it is a quiet landing. The humans never notice. His rebirth happens behind an abandoned complex this time. He shivers and stretches and compresses and at the end of it, he leaves the glutinous excess under a nearby dumpster. He wipes as much as he can off himself, but his borrowed skin still gleams unhealthily, a decayed-fish slickness. He tries to ignore it. His body feels clumsy and alien and yet oddly, distractingly familiar. He teaches himself to walk. The streets are empty, and the night of this world is dark. It whispers against his skin like an old lover, and doors slide open with hum under his fingertips. It is easy enough to find the right clothes, appropriate the right vehicle. Everything is fits well – too well, he thinks; and it is an disorientating thought. For a moment he is unnerved by it, this sly familiarity that burrows marrow-deep, but he recovers quickly enough. He reminds himself: this was why he was chosen. He has experience. He has tasks. It takes three days to get to his first task. He drives and it feels familiar as well, easy as thought: the dormant memories of long days spent on human roads thrumming with the alien vehicle. When he finally arrives, it is almost with regret. The other is already standing outside the house, waiting for him. The visitor stops his borrowed truck, gets out. From this distance, the dim glow of dusk steals all expression from his friend's face – not that it matters, the visitor remembers suddenly, surprised. Why did he think of that? Nevertheless, he moves closer till the other's face is discernible: it is twisted oddly, in some sort of human expression. He tries to remember what it means. \"Wuskt,\" he greets. The name tastes strange and clumsy on his human tongue. But Wuskt shakes his head, another human affection. \"No,\" the older one says, \"please. Call me Wu. It is what I am used to.\" They look at each other. Then Mr. Wu says, very quietly, \"You have changed so much. Welcome back, Klaatu.\" They go into the house. * He is polite enough to leave off the subject of Wuskt's expiration for the first week. Instead he stays as a guest, under the guise of being one of Wuskt's childhood friends. It is not far from the truth. He watches and learns and remembers how to smile and shrug and make small talk, and Wuskt's native family treat him kindly. It is really only girl and her husband, the girl being an offspring of Wuskt's alien body. Wuskt treats them with great affection, as if he really means it. This troubles Klaatu, but out of respect for his old friend, he pretends to ignore it. This world is a beautiful one, tainted only by telltale stains of human damage in the skies and waterways and brittle leaves of the trees. It is recovering though, in small, silent gasps. He can see it in the way the grass is growing more deeply, can feel it when he lets the soil in Wuskt's backyard run through his fingers. It breathes and promises life and when he drives to a nearby lake and lets the water there run through his human fingers as well, the water sighs in ripples and promises the same thing. Klaatu listens to the earth speaking and hears the future within. \"The earth is recovering,\" he informs Wuskt over dinner that night. It is something salty and tender, something that was once a breathing animal. A human custom. \"You have done very well.\" Wuskt smiles. \"I have done nothing at all, my friend. It is you who have allowed them this second chance.\" \"Perhaps,\" Klaatu says politely. \"But you are the watcher of this earth, and so I congratulate you.\" He hates speaking in human form. Everything sounds formal and single-minded, the words clicking out like disconnected beads. He understands the need for it when Wuskt's human family is around, but his false daughter and her husband has been away for the past three days, and Wuskt still refuses to talk in their true form. Klaatu tries to respect his host's decision, but the more he is forced to speak in this unnatural way, the more his patience thins. \"Thank you,\" Wuskt says, his alien face still crumpled in a smile. \"You are very generous. I must admit that it did use to be much worse.\" \"Yes,\" Klaatu agrees. \"It was. I remember when I first came, the night was – darker... and—\" He stops. His throat tightens suddenly, dries out the rest of his sentence. There is a sound of a rising whine filling his head, a gaping wound where his next words should be, but for one breathless moment he sees – When Klaatu is able to open his eyes again, Wuskt is watching him very carefully. Klaatu slowly takes down his hands and looks at them – his human fingertips are swallowed in white from being pressed against his temples. As he watches, the blood under his skin flush back like a secret hastily concealed. \"I apologize,\" Klaatu says, still staring at his alien limbs – \"I did not expect that. This body tires easily.\" The chair opposite him creaks as Wuskt leans back. Klaatu thinks he hears him sigh, though he cannot remember a sigh means. \"Yes,\" his companion says quietly. \"I was hoping it did.\" * He tries to bring up the subject of Wuskt's expiring container in the second week when they are alone. Their surroundings are serene, their activity is meaningless, and the timing seems right. He says, \"You will be dead in twenty-nine earth days unless you travel home with me when I leave this earth next week.\" (He hates, hates speaking in human form. The conversation would have run its expected course if Wuskt would just speak with him in their natural form, Klaatu is sure.) Wuskt jerks slightly and turns to him, using one of his many human expressions. Klaatu has been here for over a week and still can't recognize all of them – he is beginning to suspect there is far more than is possibly healthy for any species to have. \"I know.\" The watcher says, quite simply, \"I don't intend to leave this earth, Klaatu. It is my home now.\" They had warned him that this might happen. Klaatu ignores the idiocy about this alien planet being a home, and says reasonably, \"You can always come back. There are other human bodies we have that are younger. If you stay on, you will die along with your physical container.\" But Wuskt is already shaking his head. \"No. I will die in this body. It is the body that my wife loved.\" He smiles, \"how else will she recognize me when she sees me on the other side?\" Klaatu stares. \"There has never been any scientific basis for an afterlife,\" he says, incredulous that he has to repeat a fact that even the youngest child in their world understood, \"and if she were alive, I am sure your human -- \" \"—my wife ,\" Wuskt says sharply – \"—would understand.\" With an effort, Klaatu modulates his voice so it sounds softer, less harsh: \"You are still young, Wuskt. Think logically. You are throwing away your life to stay with a primitive, violent race. You have forgotten your true home. Come back with me and remember it.\" There is a moment of silence, broken only by the wind whispering ripples across the lake's surface. Somewhere behind them, a hummingbird drones in the distance. Finally Wuskt says, very quietly, \"And where is your true home, Klaatu?\" \"The same as yours.\" He touches his temple, as if by instinct. \"You know this.\" The other turns his head away, but Klaatu thinks he sees his lips twitch before he does. He forces down his exasperation. \"You have become too human,\" he mutters. It is harsh accusation, but unfortunately also true. \"And the time invested in this activity does not justify its value.\" Wuskt laughs. It is a startling sound, and for one hopeless moment, Klaatu thinks he has already lost his friend to an alien race. \"Would you have guessed that fishing used to be your favourite pastime? You used to --\" \"No.\" Klaatu cuts in shortly. A thumb on his temple again, pressed harder this time. \"I wouldn't.\" They don't talk much after that. * He decides that the best thing to do is to leave the issue as it is and try again before he goes. He has a list of places that he has to visit before he leaves anyway, and perhaps what Wuskt really requires is some time to reflect on the irrationality of his thinking. Klaatu is sure of one thing: the second time, they will converse in their natural form and in doing so, this foolishness will end. Wuskt gives him some advice on which roads to take, tells him that he might have guests over when he returns, and wishes him well. Klaatu leaves with nothing but a set of human clothes and the truck he arrived in. It is enough: the human world is structured in lines of electricity, currents or primitive forms of wavelengths, and their secrets open to his slightest touch. He travels mainly between dusk and midnight when the sky is painted in deep swathes of melting colours, and sleeps whenever his body tells him to. On most days, he remembers to shower. Perhaps the culture of this race should have felt strange, incomprehensible; but like the night of his arrival, it merely seeps down into the bones of his synthetic body, familiar and irresistible and treacherously, unnervingly right. The human race is contradictory and rambunctious and driven by a cocktail of fear and hope, and yet Klaatu cannot help but be drawn into the rhythms and reasoning of their routines, stupid and peculiar and brilliant as they are. He follows their thoughts on their internet; he reads the newspapers of their world. He watches their shows; he listens to the humans talking in diners and parks; he side-steps what little security they have on their governments' intelligence and secret reports to uncover their information and misinformation. Klaatu watches and distils the essence of humanity's direction in the commotion, and yet, try as he might, he doesn't feel like a watcher. He doesn't feel separate. It is in the details where he betrays himself – in the internet, he moves through the confusion of inter-linking networks instinctively; in watching the shows, he predicts the plot conventions and follows the lilt of human slang with barely a pause. In the diners, he orders his eggs scrambled, his bread wholegrain and his coffee black, and perhaps it is this that finally alerts him to the truth he has been trying to resist: he is the middle of eating on automatic, one arm brushing casually against a wall socket for him to connect to the web when he realizes what he is doing. There is a pepper shaker in his other hand, a tip already prepared on the side of the table, and he has instinctively sat in a booth meant for four instead of one of the solo tables near the counter. After only eleven earth days on an alien planet, Klaatu realizes this: he is acting without thinking, and he is already acting human. For a moment, panic sounds like the static, grey and buzzing at the back of his head, but he suppresses it quickly. He takes a breath – another human habit – and takes control of himself. After all, he has lived here before, for a brief time. It is to be expected he has some residual memories and routines. Klaatu falls asleep that night with a low and anxious humming in his head, and dreams more vividly than he ever has in any of his previous bodies. In the morning, he takes the last earth samples and starts the long drive home. In a moment of distracted preoccupation, he touches the radio and absently tunes in to a station. The music screams at him in thunderous rock, an angry young man shouting along; startled, he switches it instinctively to another channel. This time, it is sound made delicate, a quiet waterfall of notes – \" It's Bach, she said, and her eyes were so dark and desperate when he replied, It's beautiful – The music stutters, dies. He has overshot the radio with power. Klaatu can barely hear with all the white noise in his head, anyway. His body feels too heavy, as if suffocating under its own weight; it is trembling under it. He is shaking. He has to get out of here. Klaatu thinks that as soon as he manages to see Wuskt again and force him to converse properly, he will leave, perhaps on the day itself. He can't stay in this body any longer. * There is a truck outside Wuskt's home when he finally arrives. Dusk has just broken, announcing itself in a thin, burnt-orange line edging over the horizon. Klaatu has driven through the night, unable to sleep, and so it takes a beat before he realizes why he recognizes the vehicle. He parks beside it and blinks once, twice, but the outline of the vehicle is burnt into his eyelids even when he closes his eyes and the haunting familiarity of it is unmistakable: it is exactly like the truck he is in. He is uneasy even before he steps into the house and hears the voice of a female human in the kitchen. \"I was just going to run down to get some groceries,\" the woman says, her voice muffled from the walls. \"I thought we could have some pancakes for breakfast. I didn't wake you, did I?\" Wuskt says something in reply; Klaatu can't quite hear. His exhaustion has woken a storm of buzzing in his head again, low and insistent, and for a moment, he has to lean against the wall briefly for the disorientation to pass. A few feet away, shadows move in the crack of yellow light falling through the gap of the kitchen door. \"No, I'm sleeping better. Here, anyway.\" The woman laughs, a quiet sound that cuts through his fog. \"I wish I could say the same for when I'm back home...\" He must be more tired than he realizes. Everything feels thick and slow, as if the weight of every atom is pressed down against him, compressed tight around his throat. It pushes against him as he moves towards the lighted door, each step taking a second and a century to cover. Klaatu thinks, perhaps this is how human bodies function when they lack sufficient rest. He thinks, perhaps I am dreaming now. Wake up. His fingertips, brushing the door. Wake up. A push; it swings open soundlessly. \"But I shouldn't be complaining at all, I'm sorry – you've always been so generous to us.\" The woman has her back towards him. Her hair is very dark, and very long. It moves with her when she says, \"I don't know what I'd do without...oh.\" Distantly, Klaatu is aware that Wuskt is staring at him too. He is aware of this only because the woman turns to look. She is pale and delicately-boned, as if crafted from the light of a cold-burning star, and she might be beautiful in human terms. She might be ugly. Klaatu doesn't know. All he knows is that she has the same eyes, dark and burning and he thinks he sees a glimpse of a secret universe hidden within. He sees it. \"Helen,\" he says. Wake up. He's up. * A/N: This is a two-part piece, and then there will be a third fic that hopefully finishes the Inertia series. I enjoyed writing this story from a backwards point of view, where Helen, Jacob & Klaatu already have an established, if forgotten, history. The thing is, I suspect almost all readers have left this fandom. In which case there is no point writing, because for me, I write to be read. I can imagine the events well enough in my head after all, but writing takes more effort. So in a way, this is a testing post: if enough people read & respond to this half, I'll post the second half & go on to write the third final piece. If not... er, I may still finish this piece off but not bother with the third piece, or I will take it down altogether. So yeah, I hate to say it but read & review because it's the only way I can judge if there's anybody out there :P As always, all mature feedback appreciated :) ","Summary":" Catalyst Second in the Inertia series, occuring quite some time after the events in Inertia. * The "},{"Movie":"The Day The Earth Stood Still","Title":"A Human Moment","Author":"DangerDanger","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5202668","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own any of the characters from The Day the Earth Stood Still. AN: Both times that I watched Tdtess, I was really feeling the chemistry between Klaatu and Helen. The movie was great and left me wanting more like any good movie should. So, the \"more\" had to come from my imagination, obviously. I so wanted a Klaatu/Helen kiss though the plot and pacing didn't allow it. So, again, that's where my imagination comes in. While trying to imagine an acceptable and satisfying situation where a kiss could happen in the movie, I had the idea that if Helen hadn't been kidnapped by the government helicopters, there was the time when Klaatu and Helen could have had their kiss. I mean, lost in the woods, running for their lives, nothing short of tres romance right? Well, at least in the movies it is. uf04a I was even a little inspired, in an offhand way, by breadandchoc's fanfic where Helen, Klaatu and Jacob are staying in a hotel room together. Besides, this fandom needs a Klaatu/Helen kiss. Really. At any rate, this may be pretty far fetched, but I was determined to have my kiss (plus a little extra, lime-quality but hardly lemon-worthy) and so here it is. xxxxx Klaatu, Helen, and Jacob are spending the night on the forest floor, exhausted from their efforts at evading the government's search teams and helicopters... As we lay there together in the darkness, I shivered from the cold. Moments later, I found myself being pulled against a warm, firm chest. \"You are cold,\" Klaatu stated in his matter-of-fact way. I was startled to realize how close his lips were to my ear. I lay there and felt his hot breath ghost across the shell of my ear and noted that the heat of it didn't match his cold, matter-of-fact tone. It felt strange to be so close to Klaatu. He felt so…human now. During the time I'd spent with Klaatu before, his cold aloofness had served as a constant reminder that, despite appearances to the contrary, he was an alien. Yet tonight, the rise and fall of his chest behind me felt all too human. To be held almost tenderly against him. It was comforting and…something else. I hadn't felt that way since Jacob's father died. I hadn't let myself feel that way. Not human, not human, I repeated to myself, baffled by my own reaction to his nearness. Hot breath washed over my ear again. I shivered again, but this time not from the cold. Klaatu made no comment about the cold this time, but he did not ease back either. He hovered there still, his lips just above my ear. No, my shiver had nothing to do with the cold and everything to do with Klaatu's all-too-human, hot breath that didn't match his cold manner of speech at all. Not at all. I lay there, not knowing what to think, or what would happen next, just feeling his warmth against my back and the steel of his arm wrapped firmly around my midsection. It was a full minute before Klaatu spoke again. \"It is not so strange, the affect I have on your body, Helen.\" \"Oh,\" I interrupted, \"You're not…I mean, it's fine, Klaatu. I was cold and you're warm...\" I don't usually stumble over my words, but how often are you accused, albeit in Klaatu's direct, polite way, of being physically attracted to an alien by that very same alien. Definitely a new one in my book. Flustered, I trailed off and Klaatu continued in his usual, even tone. \"What I was going to suggest, Helen, is that, though it is not strange that this would affect you, what is strange is that your…proximity, affects me as well.\" He paused for my reply and when there was none - I could not even fathom how to reply to that statement - he continued. \"What I'm saying, Helen, is that it does not matter how my body might respond , surprise or no surprise, it is irrelevant.\" I was not surprised by his words either, or at least his dismissive attitude. Of course, my mind was reeling with shock over the meaning of his words... Klaatu, or at least the body in which he currently resided, was responding to my nearness with physical desire … but the words themselves, the way he put it so coldly, so matter-of-factly, no, indeed, I was not surprised by that. If I'd learned anything about Klaatu, it was that he was quick on his feet in all senses of the phrase. He didn't hesitate in action or word and was unfailingly blunt. Composed and controlled, he wasn't one for awkward stumbling, ever. He said what he meant and his words were always quick, well-chosen, and left no doubt as to the meaning. I almost giggled at the next thought that flashed through my mind. A ridiculous thought. But then, this was a ridiculous situation. Lying on a bed of pine needles in the middle of nowhere snuggled against a virtual stranger who I inexplicably trusted enough to feel safe snuggled against, in the middle of nowhere. To top that, the stranger in question was an alien life form. At any rate, my ridiculous thought was, with Klaatu, there would most certainly be no awkward fumbling, either. As if I'd want that. But Klaatu had just accused me of wanting that very thing and…finally, it was too much. I laughed. Silently, so as not to wake Jacob. But my sides heaved as I fought to keep my laughter in and Klaatu's arm tightened against my middle as if to help silence my levity. Of course, that only made it worse and I only trembled all the more and my eyes teared up with effort to keep the laughter in. And then suddenly Klaatu was hovering above me again and in one quick movement I was lying flat and he was braced above me on one arm and my mouth was pulled up against something hot and wet. He kissed me. Not gentle. Definitely not hesitant. As I said before, he never is. It was long and deep and the feel of his tongue sliding against my own was like a shockwave. My mind raced incoherently as I lay under him, completely and utterly shocked. How does he even know how to kiss like that. Was I crazy? Jacob is right here, I should stop this. Oh god, his tongue feels wonderful… Suddenly, the warm wetness of his mouth was not enough and my arms encircled his shoulders and pulled him down on top of me, wanting more of him every second we continued like this. I moaned and his hand fisted in my hair, his tongue thrashing against mine. Closer, I wanted to get closer, and I wrapped my leg around his hip. A hissed, unintelligible whisper pulled me out of my stupor. Jacob. I'd forgotten all about him. I leaned back out of the kiss and Klaatu stilled. My eyes were still closed and I felt his body tense against mine. He didn't pull away. I hoped he wouldn't. I opened my eyes and found Klaatu staring down at me intently, his eyes dark and unreadable. I wanted nothing more than to cross those few inches and kiss him again. \"Hey,\" Jacob slurred. He sounded groggy, half-asleep. \"Helen, what are you doing?\" I realized it was the second time he'd asked and I shook my head to clear it. I sighed and told Jacob everything was fine. To go back to sleep. I could have sworn I heard an answering sigh and then found myself being rolled back over on my side and spooned back against Klaatu's warmth again. Now if I shivered it was definitely because of suppressed desire and if I did, this time, Klaatu said nothing. But I felt Klaatu's breath against the back of my neck and his was definitely not even, or slow and regular, or anything that would indicate relaxation or sleep. Not for a long time. It was also a long time before I fell asleep. I was too busy trying to convince myself that sleep was what I needed, not…something else. finis ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own any of the characters from The Day the Earth Stood Still. AN: Both times th"},{"Movie":"The Day The Earth Stood Still","Title":"We Can Change","Author":"Asfixia","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5163812","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer! I do not own anything affiliated with The Day the Earth Stood Still. __________________________________________________________________________________________________ He could do it. He could bring him back. And he could stop this. Jacob knelt by his father's grave, after having told Klaatu to leave him alone. He had brought the officer back to life with no trouble. He had powers most Earthlings had only heard of in fairytales, but they weren't just fairytales, they existed. It was as if Jacob had lost something, and Klaatu knew where it was, but he would never tell him; he would only keep him searching forever. Maybe it was all a game to him. But it wasn't to Jacob. It mattered, life mattered - people mattered. Tears stained his cheeks, slipping down onto his jacket. The Earth seemed to mourn with him. Clouds began to form, wearing their grayest, most saddening cloaks, and the sky darkened. That alien... It wasn't that he hated Klaatu himself; he hated the fact that there were so many circumstances and objectives with him. Couldn't he for once be passionate about something? Of course, Aliens weren't trained with human emotions. And though it hadn't made sense back then, Jacob still remembered what his father had told him. Our existance is one massive game of chess...and humans are the pawns. We may think we are powerful, but we are the weakest pieces in the game. Every once in a while another piece will come to put us back in our place. It's for our own good. We have to learn to live with the other pieces, and not try to be superior to everything else. We must stay in line and act right...so you keep that in mind. Bring this up when you're in trouble, and I guarantee you won't get grounded. Jacob smiled at the last part. Although at the time being grounded wasn't much of a concern. Not when everything else was wrong. He felt a familiar touch as Helen's arms wrapped around him, making his tears pour onward with no hesitation. \"It's not fair,\" he mumbled. The moisture from his tears were leaving water stains on Helen's jacket. He rested his chin on her shoulder, returning the hug. \"No, it isn't fair,\" she agreed. Jacob still wasn't convinced. \"He left me alone.\" \"You're not alone.\" Helen pulled back, putting her hands firmly on his shoulders, looking him straight in the eye. She was determined to convince him everything would be okay; Even if that was a lie. \"And he didn't leave you. I see him in you.\" Now she was seeking comfort in her own words. \"All the time.\" Jacob sniffed, continuing to cry silently. \"All the time. Sometimes it's hard for me too, bud.\" \"You miss him too?\" Helen found her own tears forming behind her eyes. She shook her head ever so gently. \"So much.\" The two of them nodded. Leaves stirred around them. The breeze turned into a mild wind, chilling enough to break through Jacob's jacket. It made goosebumps rise on his skin, but he ignored them, looking directly into Helen's eyes, at her dead-serious expression. \"I'm sorry.\" \"I'm sorry,\" Jacob repeated back to her. They re-established their hug. Helen rocked back and forth softly with Jacob in her arms, the tears she was holding back stinging at her eyes. The graveyard was ever so quiet again. Klaatu had witnessed the entire scene. Human emotions can be so interesting, he thought to himself. Not having many feelings of his own increased the desire to study them. He headed toward the two mourning humans, his footsteps silent on the autumn blanket of leaves. Helen looked up at him. The sound of a cardoor closing reached their ears. Klaatu looked at the source of the noise with undefined confusion. \"It's Michael,\" Helen explained. \"He's here to help.\" That's not it , Klaatu thought to himself. \"There's another sign to you,\" he warned. \"I can feel it now.\" Jacob looked in the direction the alien was looking. Now he knew why the skies were darkening - a swarm of black dots filled the sky, sounding like a pile of ruffled metal being carried by the wind. Helen looked from Jacob to Klaatu. \"Is...is that how it ends?\" The alien turned to face her. He answered in a flat tone, as if it were a simple fact. \"Yes.\" \"You can't stop it?\" Helen's face held the emotions of scare and surprise. He was getting better at reading those now. Not wanting to face her directly, Klaatu turned to face the approaching swarm. \"I don't know.\" But as the swarm drew closer, he made a realization. Turning back to Helen, he continued, \"It would come at a price. To you and your way of life.\" \"But we can change,\" Helen pressed on. \"You know that now. Please. Just give us a chance.\" There was no time left to debate. \"I'll try.\" A smile of gratitude spread across Helen's face. Jacob didn't look up at the alien. He kept his face pressed into Helen's jacket for most of the time. \"But I have to get back to the city.\" ","Summary":" Disclaimer! I do not own anything affiliated with The Day the Earth Stood Still. __________________"},{"Movie":"The Day The Earth Stood Still","Title":"Klaatu and Gort","Author":"Berlitza","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4936088","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Klaatunand Gort. Klaatunfall from sphere. But Helen say oh no! and Jacob say to Helen thatnthey get Klaatu to take him home. 'butnhe alien man, son.' says Helen. 'butnI not care.' say Jacob. 'he save us, did he.' Helennsihgh but give in to her son. She and he take alien man Klaatu home. WhennKlaatu at home Helen and Jacob think he gets hungry after while andngo out to get him a pizza or china take out foods. What they do notnrelize is gort come to visit when Klaatu sleep. Gort get worry atnKlaatu. WhennHelen and Jacob get home they drop food at door and screams. Therenalien man shit all over the walls and floor. 'ohnno!' say Helen ripping out her hair. 'that stupid thing! I tollnyou Jacob that bring him home is a bad ideal.' 'itnstink in here.' says Jacob to fan his nose. Butnthat not all. They walk thorugh shit and piss and go to back door.nThey to open back door and see something. Klaaty and gort jumping onnJacob trampileen. They start point to laugh at Helen and Jacob. Theyncuss them. Gort call Helen a whore and Klaatu call Jacob little snotnnose. They all call names. Gort begin to throw rotten egs and dognshit at Helen and tell her to stay her human self way from Klaatu.nKlaaty merried alredy to other woman that is gort cause they find outngort to be woman. Helenncall police. Police to come and arrest Klaatu. Theyntake Klaatu to courthouse. Judgento say. 'whynyou shit in her house and call names alien man Klaatu.' Klaatunshoot finger to judge. Klaatu to say. 'youndon't let me go out of here I come back and piss all overncourthouse.' Sonthey let him go. Klaatunand gort fly away to space. Gort says hell with this shit and zapsnlazer beam at earth, they both laugh and fly away to home becausenthey hate everything. Thenend? ","Summary":" Klaatunand Gort. Klaatunfall from sphere. But Helen say oh no! and Jacob say to Helen thatnthey get"},{"Movie":"The Day The Earth Stood Still","Title":"Galactic Serenade","Author":"J u s t . E s c a p e","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4963906","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Galactic Serenade Out on the street beneath the moonlight, watching the world pass me by, standing still with my hands trapped inside my pockets. I wonder if you'll make it home, or perhaps if you have died because of saving us . Your face is a vivid image in my mind, photographically distinct. That last expression, motionless like iron. Yet, I could see it move, see it changing. Desperation … Your dark eyes glowing chocolate-brown, bright like stardust. You were standing tall, your body pushed forward, shadowing my fear. The rumbling of the apocalypse - the holocaust - the unfathomable paled-grey of the sky. You sacrificed yourself for us . The immensity of the pain, the little nanites peeling into our skin, eating through our veins, swimming through our blood like poison in the sea, making us vulnerable to a slow death. My Jacob in a bitter slumber, falling slowly into a coma. I asked you, begged you. I was…afraid. I was afraid you wouldn't -- couldn't. You did. You took fast hold of us, squeezing us, letting the nanites gravitate toward you . They swarmed viciously into your flesh like magnets to steal. I didn't want it to hurt you, but I was afraid. And the greater swarm followed suit, like a symphony, a march. You were in lead. Your selfless act. Even after all you did, after all the damage…you did this for us . It was the last moment, the last moment from all that we had faced together. You left us in an instant. It hurts. I almost couldn't watch, but I did. You left in the Sphere, that holozoic of organic matter. I like to think that you wanted to look back at us, Jacob and I, one last time, just to get one final look. I like to think that you may be alive, maybe sleeping peacefully somewhere in the celestial embedment of stars - those little twinkling lights that are so much more; gaseous masses in space that generate energy by thermonuclear reactions. I like to imagine that you'll be welcomed home - wherever that may be for you - without the fear of resentment, denial - all because of what you did for us . Where are you now? I guess I'll never know my friend. My friend, the alien. Do you think of us? Would you bother yourself with the little memories, the kind that prick my mind like cold little needles, or like a hammer against a door? It couldn't be in your nature. I know what you are. I know -- I know you cannot share, hold -- you just don't -- don't work -- function that way. Am I selfish, Klaatu? Am I selfish to secretly wish you --- to secretly wish you did? Oh God. Do I know what I'm saying? The thoughts they -- they flow through my mind like running music, like flowing water. I can't seem to halt it. I don't want to. Don't take this wrongly. I had a love - a love that no one - certainly not you - can ever replace. You must understand this. And forgive me, but I loved my husband; he cherished me, held me, kissed me. Yes, he would kiss me. These are things that you would never do … or would you? Forget this fantasy. It's foolish. I blame my fascination, or rather, my infatuation with you for this curiosity. Like an illness it will pass - it must pass! We're from two different worlds aren't we? Yes. You and I. We are. My heart flutters, but not from drinking too much coffee. I haven't had coffee since -- since I don't remember, really. It's you. It's that frightening reality. I can feel myself falling backwards, moving downward, deep into a black hole. It'll shred and rip me into nothing more than microscopic atoms, body matter, if I let it. That's why I have to keep myself from -- from feeling this way about you . I'm fancying, imagining that you're traveling across the worlds, the universe, another place in time. Perhaps another dimension, an unorthodox sequence of time travel through the fourth chamber of a theorized visionary existence. I don't know Klaatu, I really don't; but I think you're out there. Somehow I just feel it. Does this matter to you? Would it matter in your eyes if you were standing at my side, shadowing my world with your tall frame, your smoothly angled face, your pale skin, that dark hair that graces your appeal? What if I knew what you really looked like? Would that turn me away? Would it haunt my dreams for all eternity? Are you what I might perceive as a monster? I like to think that it wouldn't, because I want to like the inside - that man within. Yes. That man within, because whether you like it or not, that's what you'd be to me. That's what you are now, in my mind. A man - just from another world in time and space, that's all. I want to release my soul. I don't want to be trapped, not by you. Do you know, Klaatu? Do you know what you've done to me, what you're doing to me? Do you? You've made me see a deeper side, a side you kept hidden - something intricate. If you were here right now, if you could've stayed, I would've taught you how to open the shut-tight vortex of your hidden self. It's that part of you that I glimpsed in the blink of an eye, a part your kind has hidden for centuries. No wait, rewind that sentence, that presumption … they've forgotten, haven't they? Cerebral abilities… Oh Klaatu, that's what you've done. Somehow your people expanded their brains, reaching a capacity that is far beyond our own. You've come to be a high level of intellectual beings, reaching an extraordinary efficiency, putting aside and avoiding emotional discomfort and instead contracting the strict usage of your -- of your psychological reasoning. It's a marvel within itself. What a thrill it would be to observe your kind, study the thinking patterns of your brain. But I couldn't do it, even if you let me. I think that it would only sadden me, if not traumatize me. Will mankind fall into your shoes someday? Will we become what you are, Klaatu? Is this question an inclination of high expectations for my own species? Couldn't you use these cerebral abilities to speak back to me? Couldn't you send wave-signals to my mind and let me know that you're okay? Don't you know I need to know… desperately ? I worry for you, Klaatu. You must know this. You must know that it's true. I'm never going to have the answer, am I? It's just not meant for me to know. And unlike me, you already know this…and like you've done before, you're protecting me in your silent way. I want to -- I want to cry, or maybe laugh. I don't know what I want to do anymore. I've got a case of mixed emotions, Klaatu. And Jacob is about as bemused as me. He's in the den, sitting on the couch. I fixed him something to eat but I don't know if he's going to consume it; he's probably just sitting there … thinking … wondering … hell, maybe he's wishing. I'm wasting away, aren't I? I'm doing what humans do when they're overwhelmed by a scientific conclusion, or rather, their own sense of wishful thinking. I believe I'm actually developing eroticism for -- for an extraterrestrial! I'm trying to put this puzzle together. I'm trying to conceive the patterns of the iridescent colors of sentimental cravings that are flashing through my head at light-speed. Am I betraying my late husband in my own way? I'm a fool aren't I? What's wrong with me? I think you've stolen my sanity, Klaatu. I think you've taken away who I once was. As of right now, I don't know who I am anymore. This woman I am reflecting on … this isn't the Dr. Helen Benson I knew yesterday. Or is it? Maybe -- maybe it's right. Maybe it's right to feel like this. Would you catch me if you could when I fall, Klaatu? Because when I think of you and me, together with Jacob, everything else just seems … obsolete. Would you catch me, protect me, be my shoulder to lean on? I could be your future, if you'd only come down for me. I could -- I could love you, if you'd believe - if you'd learn to love me . We could be close enough to realize that it's not over. And it would almost be like before…when we weren't afraid. I know you don't belong. You're an alien here. Quite literally. But Klaatu, I'm beginning to feel that same alienation from my own world. I feel like -- I think that there's more for me out there , beyond the stars, past this galaxy, through the milky ways …where you are. Does that make sense? Can that be justified as the least bit reasonable? … I'm afraid it can't; but I don't care. I don't care if it makes sense, Klaatu. I just want to be with you. Do you know a place where we can live without fear? If you did, would you take us home, Jacob and I, a hundred light years? In another galaxy, I could be your lover so easily. I'm all you need. The tip of time is waiting for us, so let me follow you to wherever. The three of us together. Winding stairs, twisting and curving out, ship lifting off. We'll climb aboard. Destination and returning, you'll set the engine burning. The navigation making us scared, but we're okay as long as you're there. Why can't it be? Klaatu, what do you see? It's just a serenade of my mind, illusory, isn't it? I know you're not coming back, not really. But I had to dream it, I had to live it, if only for a brief moment in my entire life. Could you see it too, Klaatu? I hope you did. I truly do. If I could see you again, if just for an instant - a blink, a stir, a whirl in the part of my mind where the ability to form images and ideas, especially of things never seen or experienced directly, never touched, or never tried are endless - would you let me? I'm not afraid, Klaatu. I'm not -- I'm not afraid. I -- I think I could actually love you and -- and Klaatu, I believe that somewhere down the road, if you came back, you could learn to love me too; you could also learn to love Jacob. I know it, Klaatu. I do. But you're not coming back, are you? You can't -- won't. It was only a dream. Punctual gratification. A waft in time, right here in my mind. I never even got the chance to say -- to say thank you. Or goodbye. A/N: I had a few people asking me to write another Klaatu/Helen. So, I decided to give you all something that captured scientific amusement of a, well, scientist, who might have had the least bit of fascination for the alien Klaatu - in both a romantic and observatory way. Maybe it's…satisfying. I'm not so sure, but I had to try it. I hope that some of the phrases in here aren't too...difficult to understand. Just know that I have a deep interest for science and astronomy (the dimensions of space and time), and Helen is easy to capture because she reminds me a bit of myself...except she's a renowned scientist...I'm not. And special thanks to Silvara for helping me to better the summary:) ","Summary":" Galactic Serenade Out on the street beneath the moonlight, watching the world pass me by, standing "},{"Movie":"The Day The Earth Stood Still","Title":"Watching and Not Waiting","Author":"Frenchiegirl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5044932","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own The Day the Earth Stood Still or any of its characters and make no profit for writing this piece. AN: This is different, really, but do give it a chance since it's all for fun, and for the love of Klaatu is his many forms (some of which I've enjoyed reading here on recently). It's a drabbleish thing written because I couldn't get it out of my head after watching Klaatu do his thing. Now if I could only find the time and motivation to get that kissing-plus oneshot down, since there doesn't appear to be one written yet, that'd be nice as well. Surreptitiously, Klaatu watched Helen watching him out of the corner of his eye as he sat talking to Mr. Wu in the McDonald's restaurant. He shifted in his seat as Wu paused to sip his tea. He felt on edge and he could not define precisely why. That was a first for Klaatu. There was something about her, this Helen. Something that not only his human male body reacted to, but something about the woman that pulled at a deeper part of him. I t pulled at that part of himself invisible to the outside world, at least the human world; the part hidden under layers of human flesh and bone that existed before his arrival on this planet. His true self. Still, human pheromones were a powerful enough force own their own, Klaatu found, and those could be quite distracting to his physical body. The back of Klaatu's neck felt warm and he was sure that Helen must be watching him from her place seated behind him again. Yes, they were more powerful than anticipated to be sure, Klaatu decided as he suppressed the urge to turn to confirm his suspicion that Helen was indeed staring at him. Still, not that it mattered. No he would not turn. He would not react. His pleasure and pain management training during his first \"test\" human body should have taken care of any self-control issues Klaatu might have encountered as a human. Which was not much. By nature, Klaatu was numb to emotion and most sensory input. Some might say much more so than his brethren, which was why he was placed in the role of judge and exterminator in the first place. But that's a whole other story in itself. At any rate, this lack of feeling or emotion was a part of the many sacrifices that his race had made in order to survive the death of their sun. They'd learned how to shed their corporeal forms and become beings of shadow and energy, much like the type of matter of which the traveling spheres were made. Quite a lot of power came with that form, not that they had had any choice in the matter, since it was either adapt or cease to exist. But even beings of shadow and energy must take sustenance. Humans needed food and drink to fuel their bodies. Klaatu's kin needed various types of energy in order to survive. Electricity, UV rays, all types of available energy around Klaatu could be readily absorbed and utilized, some more easily than others. Even life force would do in a pinch. Of course, in the cold, dark rock that was Klaatu's world, energy now had to be manufactured and was not so readily available as on the sun-rich planet earth. Still, his kind lived well. Not only could Klaantu manipulate electronic devices but he could also draw sustenance from them as well. Handy, really, since the human body was so frail and breakable without the added boost of power from his true nature. Risking a quick glance at Helen once again, Klaatu thought again that his strange attraction to Helen must be due to the fact that he was expending energy on this planet in leaps and bounds. It made more sense than attributing his distraction to a mere physical reaction. And he did seem to be doing a lot of thinking about Helen since he'd arrived on this planet. She was the first human he'd met, after all. But that was not good. Not at all. Klaatu had a mission to complete and it was no time to, as the humans might say (and Klaatu would never say this though he knew the meaning), flake out. Since communicating with and controlling the spheres positioned all over the planet took enormous effort and often left him drained of power, he was constantly running on empty. The very essence of him, the creature of shadow and energy, that must be what was so distracted by this woman, not merely his human shell. Perhaps simply some sort of predatory instinct to feed, as barbaric as that sounded, that was motivating his eyes to keep wandering her way, seeking her out. He was often close to her, even inches away as within the confines of the car, and he found this close contact both strangely stimulating and disconcerting. Helen was a high energy producer. Not all humans were and klaatu had yet to observe another like her even after scanning the crowded train station. She pulsed and crowded his senses with her very essence. She was highly intelligent, for a human, and possessed a sort of… zest for life that bordered on zealous. Zest for life …it was a term unique to human languages. An equivalent for the phrase did not exist in his native tongue, but he was fast connecting the rote meaning with a richer, fuller comprehension through watching Helen. Whether he watched her work, which he'd had ample chance to do as while he studied his new and unfamiliar surroundings at the government laboratory, or watched how she tried again and again to connect with the young boy, Jacob, Helen ever pressed onward appearing to gain energy through facing adversity, rather than losing it. A quality that was rather unique in Klaatu's opinion. Still, he was wasting too much of his own mental energies on this strange and unexpected attachment to the human woman. He pushed her to the back of his mind and cleared his thoughts of all distraction. And that's all any of it really was - distraction. Helen wasn't necessary in deciding his role here, besides transport. The decision had been made. The process would soon begin. Had already begun, if one counted the strategic location of the spheres which only awaited activation. Klaatu nodded to Wu. A curt dismissal. He had much work to do here before his task was complete. He pushed back his chair and stood in a graceful, fluid motion. He was getting quite good at managing his human body. A small feeling of satisfaction accompanied that thought. He was unused to being bombarded with useless feelings over every event large and small. Of course, he could control it. He could cut himself off from those and other distractions. Klaatu glanced back at Helen. And still, despite his decision, he failed squash the flash of warmth at finding her eyes on him. AN: I had this little story going around in my head after watching TDtESS for the second or third time and just wanted to put it to the page. Hope you enjoyed my small offering which is meant as a stand alone piece. As I said before, it's a drabbleish thing. Perhaps could be continued, or should be, but not certain I have the time. You never know. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own The Day the Earth Stood Still or any of its characters and make no profit f"},{"Movie":"The Day The Earth Stood Still","Title":"An Embodied Wonderment","Author":"J u s t . E s c a p e","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4871176","Passage":"[Chapter 1] An Embodied Wonderment By I t s C a l l e d P a i n Summary: 'And what if he came back?' she asks herself repeatedly. 'What if he could be the one, to love and hold, to teach to smile, to fill the void?' she wonders, 'Why did he have to leave?' A Klaatu/Helen one shot. THE world around us is like a mural with an atmospheric mist. It is evoking, producing an emotional tone and aesthetic quality. Our little planet, blue, green, mountainous, flat surfaced; it is quite different from all we know to be around us. When we look into the stars we wonder: What's out there, who is watching us? Just a few days ago, we found out. All of us were petrified, writhed with terror and confusion. Alone in the dark we felt, vulnerable, harassed and provoked maybe. Only two people who lived right through it, who were right there to witness it all, to play a part have come to feel very differently. Helen Benson sits alone on the deck. She watches the moon, the stars. A bright white sphere; it shines like a crystal stone, the little stars around it twinkling like fireflies in the dark. The sky is almost black, an illumination of moonlight and velvet. It makes her smile, it makes her glad, it makes her count each lucky star shining brightly above her, and it makes her heart sting with the regret of never knowing - the chance was stolen before it could blossom. 'What is wrong with me?' Helen Benson asks herself. 'Why do I feel like this?' she keeps wondering. The hot cup of cocoa that is hugged firmly by her hands is growing cold and so is she. Her mind is confused, her heart questions her abilities. She keeps dwelling on what she might have lost. She keeps wishing that everything didn't fly by so fast. How did it happen? How did she develop these thoughts, these feelings? How did he, an alien who shares not the same form of emotional expression as a human being, make her feel this way about him? He was cold. He never smiled, never laughed, barely blinked; but she cannot forget the pain, the care, the forgiveness. He forgave them. He listened. He learned. She learned. He came and changed the world, and he changed something else too. He brought them closer; she and Jacob. He put light in their life, gave them something to believe in, something to hold on to: Each other. So that is why Helen thinks, why she ponders, why she longs. If only she could thank him, just once. She is curious in thought, wondering if they hug on his planet, if they celebrate holidays, if they drive cars, if they worry about mortgages, if they get ill or if they even play. It is only a thought and she doesn't expect to ever know, but a part of her wishes she could. Are the children like Jacob? Do they relish in their youth, enjoying the pleasure of some game? Do they attend school? They must, she presumes, or else they wouldn't grow to be so intelligent. What about Klaatu; did he have a wonderful childhood? Just what exactly is childhood to them? Is it an organized society, so protected, so advanced, so perfect until they've overcome the weakness that is a need for security, a need to be reassured, a need to smile and laugh to ignore the reality of pain? 'And what if he came back?' she asks herself repeatedly. 'What if he could be the one, to love and hold, to teach to smile, to fill the void?' she wonders, 'Why did he have to leave?' The void. It is still empty. The lean back chair in the den goes unused. The razorblade in the bathroom stays untouched in the drawer. The photograph on the mantel is a time come and gone when days were happy and rejoiced by the crystal lake where days stood still, where minutes felt like hours and every moment together was a priceless gem. He is gone, Mr. Benson… he is gone . Jacob tried to get him back. He believed so strong. Klaatu refused. He wasn't a miracle worker and the boy had to learn this the hard way. He hid in his room, after his father died; washing his hands of Helen's companionship, feeding his eyes with video games to keep the tears at bay. He was young but bitter. He was moving but standing still. Then the alien made him look again, look at himself and what he still had. The little boy was taught to smile again, taught to rejoice again, and it was all because of a creature who didn't do so himself. They might have learned to love him, had he only stayed a while. They might have taught him to hold a fishing pole, to stand upon a skateboard, to relish in a game, to taste Helen's brownies, to wear a bandana, to breathe the fresh air of the ocean breeze. Jacob might have taught him a joke or how to play basketball, then passed him on to Helen... Helen might have took him to dinner, a date for only two. They might have sat in utter silence, feeling awkward being alone. Then he might have glimpsed and she might have seen. Their eyes would have locked into the other's and a warmth of comfort may have rushed throughout their blood. She might have touched his hand then and told him she was glad. He might have nodded and said that he could never leave; but by morning she would wake, finding he was gone. Young Jacob would have no memory of playing with the alien because he never stayed. Helen would flee to her room, feeling like a fool and wishing terribly it was real. She sighs in the night, diving in and out of her dream-thoughts. Those visions feel so real, they feel so right and it makes her slightly bitter having to face reality. He is gone. Dinner dates, basketball, visiting the ocean…it is all a fantasy that she invents only in a few minutes time. Perhaps he reminds her of her late lover, of Jacob's father, a bit more than she thinks. Perhaps when she glimpsed Klaatu's shadow, for a moment it looked like Mr. Benson. Now she's left to wonder, if he ever makes it home. She wishes she knew what was behind that face, what was in his heart, what was of his taste. She wonders if he has a family, if he has a lover even. She wonders as her finger dances upon the rim of her mug what he does for a living, if casual work is even qualified where he is from. She wonders what he was hiding, what secrets he kept of his own. She wonders still if there was a past behind those steely eyes, that unscathed expression, those firm lips that never moved, save to speak. She wonders if wherever he is, wherever he's going, whatever he's doing, if he's thinking of her and Jacob…she wonders if he feels anything like a form of regret, like a longing, like a wishful dream-thought whilst he travels abroad through space. .:Å:. Klaatu sleeps - the Sphere is a cocoon that surrounds him. The energy here is potent and strong, alive yet quiet. It is a circular veil that travels quick and light, moving with grace, hovering without roaring, going without slowing. It carries him home. He blends seamlessly inside of it, unmoved, undisturbed. His body is tired, his eyes are resting and his mind is thinking. Thinking, thinking….Klaatu, what are you thinking? He twitches his nose, groans gently, exhales slowly. His arm moves a little, comes to rest over his stomach. His dreams carry him into a fantastic embodiment of wonderment. 'Will they remember me?' he asks himself. 'Will they,' He pauses, not quite sure in his bout of reluctance. But why is the question difficult? For he is by himself. Fear is not an issue; a fear of denial. At length, he goes on, 'Will they miss me?' It's a temporal fantasy. A nice thought to say the least. Love … it fascinates him in more ways than you would believe. The Sphere begins to rumble, a gentle hum it makes. Klaatu he turns over, and his heart feels a bit at stake. Those simple little humans, so caught up in their lives. It's hard to ever think that an alien of his stature, of his state, would ever think them intriguing. But he does…Klaatu really does. The way they smile is strange and the hugging he's never seen. His mother raised him well - like all mothers of his kind - but she never threw her arms around him, she never said she'd love him till the end. It really isn't necessary, his people seem to think. They know so much already, why wonder if they're loved? A hug it's inefficient, for they already know. A kiss is no good at all, it has not the value of breeding. A family is like a colony, it is produced to populate. So why do humans love and kiss and promise forever? He just can't think. He reckons it to be wonderful, it cannot possibly be bad. For if it were so, Jacob would run from Helen's embrace and she would never say 'I love you'. All the little things they do, his people have often scorned. It's wasteful and it's useless and the energy's being overly spent. The planet they are spoiling with their extravagant houses. The air they are polluting with their smog spitting cars. The animals they are killing with their demolition of the wild. Yet they express kindness, and they love one another dearly. Some of them are not so bad, Klaatu has come to see, and want to save their forests and protect each living thing. He thinks about his people - how very rash they were. To judge a race they've only watched from afar was a revelation that ignorance is bliss. Now Klaatu has come to terms that both his people and the earthlings were wrong. He thinks both sides have learnt a fine lesson; to take nothing for granted right down to every stone, every bird, every child, every hug, every 'I love you'. Wait. I love you. There it goes again. It's racing through his head like random bursts of flame. It comes bouncing like a ball against gravel. It's knocking and it's pounding, demanding a place in his graphically intellectual mind. Secretly he wants to let it in, but then there come the risks: If he were to fully understand them, their deeper little side, how would his people perceive him in this brand new light? He tries to forget it, those troublesome little questions. He wants to brush it off, remind himself it is futile, uncalled for, foolish even. But his feelings are unruly and he just can't quite comprehend. He's never felt this way before, not like a human man. He doesn't understand it, the way they think and feel. Yet he's experiencing it, mild but strong for him. It's strange and it's scary, but inside it makes him warm. He becomes so excited, so enthused until he longs to go back, to announce and say: I know why! Sad is reality, the choices made in life. He knows he cannot go back, he cannot turn the Sphere around. He knows he'll never see it, that beautiful world again. He knows he'll never see them; Helen and Jacob, and for that he grieves. He learned so much from them in such a small amount of time. For every creature great and small, every man black and white, short and fat, ugly and beautiful, the birds, the dogs, the cats, the fish and every beast in between; throughout the Galaxy they are all quite the same. He can remember them quite vividly. Their faces are photographically distinct. But he imagines them not as he left them, instead they're by a lake. Helen she is smiling, her hair long and flowing. She's walking alongside Jacob who's laughing as merry as one could. The sun it beats against them, setting peacefully in the sky beyond the mountains. The lake is an illuminating black-red, almost like crimson-glass. The swans float elegantly on its water. The vision is like a dream. Helen turns and looks, she's smiling at Klaatu. Jacob begins to beckon saying 'Klaatu, come with us!'. Klaatu wants to reach out, to take them by the hand. He wonders what it would be like, to love and understand. Well it was nice while it lasted, that little dream, he thought. For now he has landed and his people they are apt to greet, wanting him to come out. The mission's been completed, a little differently though. It all worked out its very best with Helen Benson's help. The alien feels a tug at his lip. It seems to pull upward on its own; but when the Sphere dies down to nothing he drops that little expression, not wanting them to see. He nearly smiled, he has concluded, what a curious little thing. Everyone is glad, they're standing all around him. He's smack in the middle and he's saluted in a way. It's good and it's over. He's finally home to stay; but Klaatu still wishes…he would've liked to say goodbye. He wonders if he'll ever see them again, wandering only in his dreams by and by. Before him there's a female, attractive to his kind. She's been waiting his arrival for she's promised as his bride. She comes and takes his hand, and leads him to the dome-coliseum. For a celebration is to be had and their Prime Minister is very glad. The Lord he sits in waiting, upon his little thrown. He nods once in thanks and Klaatu does so. The female at his side, he thinks her something nice; but she doesn't smile or do the things that Helen Benson did. To hold his hand is the most she likes to touch and to him she feels quite cold. Perhaps it's just her body temperature or maybe something more. Klaatu is looking at her and she's looking ahead. Before him is a female but his mind sees a brunette. In the corridor he spots a youth, a young male walking along. He turns and glances Klaatu, and for a moment it's Jacob. This makes Klaatu saddened, it makes him rather dull. The evening is one of speeches and glory, but Klaatu stays silent after he tells his story. It begins to grow late and everyone is tired. Klaatu has to say goodbye to his dream-thoughts for now. He doesn't want to do it, he doesn't want to let go. It reminds him of something special that he had not long ago. Today he's turned a hundred, he's still quite young and spry. Helen would be ninety, old and withered could she still be alive. He reckons Jacob must be old and married, perhaps moved on from his memories. Klaatu never wedded that female, for to look onto her and see another was unkind. She gladly moved on herself and he is for the most part quite relieved. His life it has been pleasant, quiet and steady; but he's never forgotten the things he never had, it's still there like old lore. And he still wonders if she might have loved him, he would have truly liked to know. The End. A/N: This is something I wrote right after I saw the movie for the first time. I never posted it then, because there wasn't yet a fandom and as I started posting other stories it partially slipped my mind and when I was exploring through my files, I thought that someone may find a bit of pleasure in reading it. So here it is. Disclaimer: As you all should know, I own nothing but my creativity and good grammar skills. ","Summary":" An Embodied Wonderment By I t s C a l l e d P a i n Summary: 'And what if he came back?' she asks h"},{"Movie":"The Day The Earth Stood Still","Title":"Collateral","Author":"Nuadha","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7217337","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own The Day the Earth Stood Still. Today was the day. John glanced around the park as the cool evening breeze swept through the treetops. She's not here yet. He drew a small, black box from his coat pocket and held it awkwardly in his hand. A bright blue glow abruptly illuminated his surroundings. He fumbled with the box, barely catching it before it fell. He held the box tightly and turned to find the source of the strange light. His eyes widened when he saw the source. A massive, smoky blue sphere was descending on the park. It touched the ground. The shock-wave unbalanced John, causing the box to slip from his fingers. He dropped to the ground, frantically searching. He never saw it coming. When they found him he was clutching the small black box. He was pinned underneath a heavy wooden bench that the sphere had dislodged. He was smiling, and he was dead. You can't argue with Space-Elves... Ha! ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own The Day the Earth Stood Still. Today was the day. John glanced around the "},{"Movie":"The Day The Earth Stood Still","Title":"Inertia","Author":"Silvara","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4907710","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ecrit en anglais par Breadandchoc. l Il est presque revenu la nuit dernière. Après tant de temps, peux-tu l'imaginer ? Lui, il le peut. Il se voit atterrir à nouveau, mais plus silencieusement: à la manière de Mr. Wu cette fois-ci. Il s'imagine faire de l'auto-stop, un pouce levé comme un drapeau blanc, et selon le temps et la saison, un soleil levant, un ciel bleu délavé de milieu de journée ou les larmes de feu du soleil couchant s'affichant en arrière plan tandis qu'un camion ralentit pour l'embarquer. - C'est une scène tout droit sortie d'un de ces films qu'il avait l'habitude de regarder avec Jacob. Il ne se souvient pas duquel. - Il imagine vous retrouver en filant vos transactions bancaires, à travers le services de renseignements du gouvernement, avec les réseau de vidéosurveillance ou la cartographie sur le web... Et il s'en irait à votre rencontre, traversant les états en auto-stop. Il imagine vous rejoindre. Pouvez-vous l'imaginer, Helen Benson ? Le pouvez-vous ? Il frappe à la porte. D'abord cette pause qui s'allonge, lourde et large comme une blessure ouverte. Puis un coup, deux. De la poussière dans ses cheveux, un silence dans ses yeux et un dernier coup arrêté à mi-chemin quand vous as ouvert. Votre expression change immédiatement. La sienne non. Un mot, un chuchotement. Ou peut-être rien du tout. La surcharge d'émotions les rend floues sur votre visage, et il est difficile de lire sur vos lèvres. Vous vous oubliez ; vous faites ce que font les humains lorsqu'ils pensent que les mots ne suffisent pas. Vous vous exprimez dans ce langage là. Le langage corporel. C'est un langage aliène qu'il a oublié. Et il reste immobile, le visage insensible. Vous ne semblez pas en prendre ombrage. Vous appuyez vos émotions de vos lèvres. Insistantes et tendres. L'émotion coule de vos yeux: de l'eau et du sel. Il en prend le goût. Vous profitez de sa vulnérabilité et envahissez sa bouche. Cela semble gauche et déplaisant. Pourquoi faire tout ce chemin pour quelque chose comme ça ? Pourtant, c'est ce qu'il a fait - il l'imagine très bien. Il se voit entrer, voit les chaussures restées sur le seuil. Il imagine, sur la moquette, des traces de pas retraçant son retour. Ton fils est dans le salon, un revolver entre les mains. Des extra-terrestres à l'écran. Le garçon lève les yeux. Et son mouvement se gèle progressivement. La manette tombe au sol, oubliée. Cris et accusations yeux embués. Des expressions de joie ; aussi intenses que des coeurs qui se sont brisés. Plus tard, il y a le repas. Chinois, à l'extérieur. Il se souvient plus facilement de la manière d'utiliser des baguettes que de sourire. Des questions sont servies en plat de résistance ; du ressentiment en entrée et le pardon au dessert. Il essaie de se souvenir des expressions correctes, mais les mélange. Vous êtes assis trop près et vos coudes se touchent parfois. Ça le brûle à travers le tissu fin de sa manche. Il sourit et grimace à la fois ; il fait le vide, et il recommence. Avance-rapide ; la soirée se termine. Lisse et noir sous tes paupières, le ciel est peint d'une éclipse. Sans étoiles, sans nuages et sans lune. La chambre de Jacob: presque impossible de voir dans la pénombre. Mais il y parvient. Ton fils proteste, soutient avoir passé l'âge de se faire border, d'une voix infantile qui défait tout son argument. Tu regarde depuis la porte pendant qu'il attends patiemment près du lit que Jacob cesse de se débattre avec ses draps. Les fins rayons de la lumière du couloir découpent les lignes et les ombres, soulignant les mouvements du rituel – leur versions humaines. Il caresse des doigts le front de l'enfant. Le garçon ouvre la bouche pour dire quelque chose... Mais l'image frissonne, change, se meut abruptement. Elle fait un saut en avant ; à l'extérieur de la chambre, vos regards, sans mots, se croisent lorsqu'il referme la porte. (\"Avance-rapide\" à nouveau – comme la tête de lecture d'un de tes vieux tourne-disques terrestres: en bas des escaliers ; à travers le hall ; la porte d'entrée ouverte - plus loin ; la terrasse à l'extérieur, son ombre droite et immobile près de la tienne. Plus loin ; sur les marches de l'escalier, l'obscurité tactile se pressant autour de vos silhouettes assises. Plus loin ; dans une odeur d'herbe fraîchement coupée, dans l'air frais. Avance. Avance. Avance. Comme un pouls qui tremble. Pouvez-vous l'imaginer ? Regardez attentivement. Sur cette image où vous êtes assis l'un près de l'autre, dans une nuit à l'obscurité tangible. Vos voix sont silencieuses. Ses manches sont retroussées et de temps à autre, contact hasardeux, la chaleur de votre bras contre le sien. Avancez directement vers ce soudain vide dans la conversation. Ce silence suspendu dans l'air noir statique, et la pâle lueur fantasmagorique d'un lune qui se cache derrière les nuages. Il est toujours trop sombre pour que les expression aient de l'importance. Mais vous pouvez le voir. La courbe pâle de sa gorge, les angles abruptes de son visage, le sombre stoïcisme de ses yeux... A te regarder. Toujours et seulement toi. Plus loin un silence s'est logé dans ta gorge. Un bonheur se serrant dans ton coeur, jusqu'à en avoir la migraine ; oui avance jusque là. Juste là. Observe: Un changement dans sa gravité - presque imperceptible - comme un aimant qui soudain l'attire en avant. Vos fronts se touchant presque ; un encombrement dans vos doigts. Tu peux sentir qu'il ne respire presque plus. Il se souvient à peine de la façon de faire. Cette immobilité à nouveau - comme un silence précédant l'explosion – et puis dans une inclinaison, un souffle s'échange... et – Vous avez vu ? Observez encore. Elle s'est faite si vite. Décision furtive. Rapide. Mais elle est arrivée. Il se penche – et de lui même – Vous embrasse, si humain... Pouvez-vous l'imaginer, Helen Benson ? Il vous choisit, vous. L'imaginez-vous ? Parce qu'il le fait. À chaque phase d'étoile, au moment de s'endormir. Et nous l'observons. Dans chaque pulsation de ses rêves. Nous le regardons voyager à travers l'univers pour retrouver la Terre, nous le voyons vous retrouver. Nous le voyons vous aimer. Vous êtes surprise. C'est bon signe. Nous avons scanné vos souvenirs, Helen Benson. Mais vous n'êtes pas de notre espèce, et nous ne discernons que des scènes flashs enfermées dans un kaléidoscope, des images aux contours lumineux ; mais sans logique ni dimension. Nous savons que ce qu'il imagine est tiré des ces habitudes terrestre prises chez vous – fast-food oriental, console de jeux, le rituel nocturne avec votre fils, et les conversations du soir sur la terrasse avec vous. Nous voyons que vous partagiez une intimité physique, dont tu étais toujours à l'origine. Nous voyons tout ça, mais parce que tu n'es pas de notre espèce, nous ne pouvons pas connaître ce que tu ressentais durant ces moments, ces trois années terrestres. Nos méthodes de communication n'ont rien à voir. C'est pourquoi nous t'avons montré cela, être humain. Nos espèces sont extrêmement différentes sur le plan émotionnel . Le seul moyen pour que tu comprenne ces choses était d'apporter à ton esprit ces images venant du sien. De cette façon, le tien peut les interpreter directement. Les as-tu comprises ? Il s'est épris de toi. Il est épris de vous, d'un être humain. Nous savons qu'il compte pour vous, Helen Benson. Pour nous aussi. Lorsqu'il se réveille, il ne se souvient pas d'avoir rêvé. Nous ne le lui permettons pas. Ce ne serait pas bien pour lui. Ce ne serait pas gentil. Ce que nous voulons savoir est ceci: pouvez-vous vous montrer gentille ? Pouvez-vous être désintéressée ? Vous, limitée dans votre espèce dont la longévité est éphémère ; vous, et votre façon de protéger cet enfant de sang étranger que vous appelez pourtant fils. Cet enfant de sans aliène qu'il appelait pourtant fils dans chaque rêve, dans chaque rituel parlant de contact et confiance. Pouvez-vous, tous les deux, le laisser s'en aller ? Le pouvez-vous ? N'aies pas peur. Tu as vu juste sur ce que nous voulons, mais ce n'est rien de compliqué. Notre biologie enregistre les souvenirs dans un réseau de perceptions communes. Si tu nous permets d'effacer certains souvenirs de ton esprit, sa maladie cessera. Il oubliera ce que tu représente pour lui. Vous oublierez ce qu'il représente pour vous, quoi que ça puisse être. Vous vous rappellerez tous deux de la Venue, du Processus et de la Seconde Décision qui a sauvé votre Espèce. Vous vous rappellerez même, vaguement, qu'il est resté un peu de temps après le processus. Mais les détails précis de ces trois années humaines qu'il a passé avec vous seront déformées, oubliées. Plus qu'un mot sur le bout de la langue, nostalgique-insaisissable. Sans grande importance. Indolore. Ne coulez pas. Pourquoi pleure-tu ? Vous avez le pouvoir d'arrêter cette maladie. Tu as le pouvoir d'arrêter ses rêves. Cela fait presque deux années humaines depuis qu'il a quitté la Terre ; et le processus ne sera pas douloureux. Il n'y a pas de quoi avoir peur. Nous n'insisterions pas ainsi, nous ne te le demanderions pas s'il y avait une alternative. Sa maladie devient de plus en plus grave – tu l'as vu toi-même: c'est lui qui entreprend de t'embrasser. Il rêve de vous tenir près de lui. Dans une dimension physique qui lui est aliène ; par le moyen d'un corps emprunté. Pouvez-vous l'imaginer ? Pouvez-vous comprendre ? Il compte pour vous. Vous partagiez cette intimité que nous pouvons interpréter comme un équivalent humain de l'amitié, alors... - Ne coulez pas. Ça ne fera pas mal. Vous ne remarquerez presque rien – juste une migraine au réveil, une hausse de tension dans tes tempes. Est-ce pour ça que vous êtes malheureuse ? Ça ne fera pas mal. Non. Votre fils ne regrettera pas ce dont il ne pourra se souvenir. Là. Prenez ceci. C'est mieux si nous le faisons maintenant. Il vaut mieux que ça soit rapide, en un seul coup, comme un mauvais rêve. (Mais ce n'est pas un rêve.) Tu lui offres un cadeau, humaine. Tu lui offres la seule chose que vous puissiez lui offrir. Tu as bien choisi. Tu as fait le bon choix. Ne coulez plus, être humain. Tenez bien ceci. Êtes-vous prête ? Plus rien ne sera douloureux après. Es-tu prête ? Tenez les bien, ne les lâchez pas, Helen Benson. Êtes-vous prête ? Es-tu prête ? l ","Summary":" Ecrit en anglais par Breadandchoc. l Il est presque revenu la nuit dernière. Après tant de temps, p"},{"Movie":"The Day The Earth Stood Still","Title":"The Truth About Klaatu","Author":"J u s t . E s c a p e","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5022629","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Summary: It was something we would scarcely expect; that the one who nearly put an end to us would so willingly come back and lend us a hand - and along with him he brought a solution unlike anything I have ever seen. The conclusion to Ghosts In The Machines . Warning: Contains some very minor spoilers to the companion piece. The Truth About Klaatu It is the late summer of 2009, August the twenty seventh to be precise - Indian Summer as we know it. As I settle into my leather chair before my desk, I've decided to record the recent events that I have experienced this past year, concerning the extraterrestrial who calls himself Klaatu, in my own words. I have never been one for in-depth documentation - one of the other professors' complaints about me - but for this I must, for it is one of those once-in-a-millennia miracles that we, as scientists, are granted the rare privilege to observe. Yesterday around forenoon I was taking my stroll through town as I normally do every Sunday after Church. During my walk I bumped into a very good friend of mine, Professor O'Connell, or as I call him, John. Our conversation started out being as simple as discussing the warmth of the morning and the little knot of people that were readying for some event that is to be held in the small park across the street from whence we stood. But eventually our little chat became something far more intriguing and perplex - being the professors we are would be to blame - about Astronomy. John commented on Pluto and how it is no longer considered anything more than a mere moon; not another planet at all. We then discussed some of the moons that accompany the other planets in our Solar System and their bizarreness. I particularly began to comment upon Phobos and Deimos, the two moons that accompany Mars. I was saying something about what I heard once in an Observatory: Some theory that suggests that Phobos will be broken up by tidal forces that are slowly but steadily decreasing its orbital status around Mars. But that conversation took on a new form. We began talking about a new planet that has only recently reached the discovery point. This planet we were discussing is at least the size of Pluto and about three times farther away from the Sun. It is said to be quite cold and dark. John said, almost humorously, that he would like to know whether or not it boasted life. I said that it was unlikely altogether going by what they knew about it - I can't imaging anything sustaining itself on a planet that is cold and has no substantial sunlight, save my late mother-in-law perhaps. I told John however that there were planets in other Solar Systems that did boast life. He chuckled lightly at this, but then something came over him. A daunting expression covered my friend's face and he began puffing his pipe, that he had momentarily neglected, quite ravenously. I knew very well what he was thinking on: What had happened not so many months ago - that catastrophe with the organic Spheres and the destruction of the G.O.R.T. that had left our planet in a horrific crisis that provoked horrible wars - a crisis we cannot seem to resolve. And I haven't even begun to mention those machines that came and invaded. After seeing John in this state-of-mind, I thought it fruitless to carry on in conversation with him any further, knowing very well how he was after becoming depressed - the man is never pleasant in that mood. So I left him with a friendly shake of the hand and returned to my house. I stood outside for some time, just leaning against the fence and thinking whilst my eyes were on the sight of my home - though it wasn't the home at all that I was thinking about. I was pondering over it all, everything that had happened, the state it left our society in, the frightening things one heard over the radio or saw on the television - speaking of television, the only channel currently available now is the news, which can't be good for the common morale. As I stood there, letting my mind fill me with doubt and worry, I spotted a movement in one of the front windows out of the corner of my eye. I was certain I had seen a silhouette of a man move about, and to be quite frank it wouldn't have surprised me the least bit had it been a robber - judging by these more desperate times we're living in. But as I stood silent and watching by the safety of my fence, I saw not another thing. So, I dared to venture inside. I was prepared for most anything and at the same time I was prepared for 'nothing' in particular, save a fool's imagination. I rekindled a more rational mind and tried convincing myself that this suspicion would be no more than mere fancy. Nevertheless, the uneasy assurance of something wrong kept fast hold of me. And behold! In the living room there sat an uninvited surprise. I remember very well clutching my chest tightly whilst I looked upon him, as his presence frightened me terribly. I wasn't afraid of 'him' so much as I was 'why' he was here, in my home of all places. I must've looked like a crazy old fool to him, though he shot me no characterized expression in particular that might have told me so. He merely sat there like a perfect form, as straight as a board, just before standing from my sofa to greet me. What it was he wanted I could not conceive on my own without him telling me, so after he gave me a polite nod, I returned the gesture and asked him why he had come. \"For visitation purpose.\" He merely said, as if it were no more than a chance to sit with me and puff a cigar as my good friends often do. But I saw something within him that told me otherwise. He had a good mind to inform me of something and I was yet to find out what. \"A visit?\" I said. I offered him a seat and he took his place back upon the sofa whilst I made myself comfortable in my good chair across from him - he was courteous enough to leave me my chair at least. \"It's been close to over four months since you last came. What on Earth brings you here now?\" I went on. He sat quiet for a moment, seeming to think of where he wanted to begin. As he did this, I mused at myself - I was rather quick to question him without even offering him tea, but this was an alien after all, no one of my world. \"I was sent back.\" He said at brisk length. \"But not on negative terms.\" He seemed to say this in an attempt to relieve me. \"Then what?\" I said, pressing him to go on. He gave an almost rattled sigh, sounding more unnerved than he should, and said, \"It is clear that the Earth has only dwindled down into a darker depression; instead of taking a step forward, your society has taken fifty steps back. We have been monitoring it closely after my departure and at this point, mankind will not succeed. My worst fears have become a reality.\" Your worst fears , I thought to myself, what about ours ? \"If man cannot resolve a financial crisis upon a world he lives in and learn to share his resources, he will not be able to replenish and nurture the Earth as I have hoped. You see, back when I spared your people it was because of a last minute revolution that was revealed to me. Dr. Benson managed to change my mind and after seeing the capabilities of your kind up close; the passion for each other, the emotion, the empathy and sympathy, I had to find some way to save your race, to give you another chance. The only downfall for me was becoming bound to this place for a good length of time and risking what was to come in the days after. The machines.\" \"Another chance. Yes, I know.\" said I. I have after all been mixed up with him at some point, though not as frequently as Dr. Benson. \"My people do not relish in the demolition of any living thing.\" He told me. \"To destroy one form of life is a desperate attempt to save a greater mass of living things, as I once told Dr. Benson. We had to end mankind to save the Earth. You were destroying this planet, it was deteriorating slowly and every living thing was suffering for it. But I had a ... 'change of heart' as you humans like to put it. But now this planet is dying once again. The recent wars have diminished it further.\" I could tell that he thought of himself as getting down on my level, and I couldn't help but appreciate him for it; but it didn't make me any less at a loss with my own opinions of it all. And in a way, I saw him in the same light I would a soldier who was once ordered to carry out something that his heart was not entirely in tune with. He didn't want to hurt anyone, not really. To blame him now and to scowl at him would be senseless. What's done is done, I've always said, and one should let sleeping dogs lie. But I could only imagine how the world would see him right now, the exact way they've seen him from the start: Confound him! \"I have come back to help save the Earth again, and at the same time I've come to save your society - every society upon this planet, from each other.\" This took me by some emphasized surprise. I recall myself coughing a little and trying to look away from him. \"And how do you plan on doing so, Klaatu?\" I said, straightening up in my chair. He brought a metal box from the table to his hands - one I hadn't noticed before - and sat it in his lap and began opening it. I was leant forward in my chair with my brows furrowed in curiosity. I was anxious to see what was inside. When the lid came open, a glowing light - white in its glimmer - came bounding out of the box in a gentle beam. The object he pulled out was almost in the shape of an egg, and its surface was rough cut, yet smooth, almost like a crystal. My mouth was gaping open as I took it in, and he offered it to me to hold. I cradled it as gently as one would an infant. There was something extraordinary to it. The egg, as I like to call it, was warm as if there was some life form growing inside; it was heavy too. It glowed in my grasp and there was something inscribed around the top. The little symbols I could not decipher, but they looked something like this: .`\":-`Ê'.:..:.`å'::. \"What is it?\" I asked after my eyes had had their fill of wonder. \"A seed.\" He told me. I scratched my head absentmindedly - something I often do when I am reluctant to have faith in whatever. \"A seed.\" I muttered, carefully handing it back to him. He nodded once and gently placed the egg back into the metal box, strapping it shut afterwards. He looked at me then, his eyes speaking volumes of trepidations as he spoke. \"It contains an energy source, one that is known to you as antimatter. I presume that you may be familiar with the substance; a hypothetical form of matter composed of subatomic antiparticles that correspond to and can annihilate other elementary particles.\" After hearing this and recalling the knowledge of it that was hidden away in my memory, I knew I had heard about it once or twice in my life. I nodded slowly, giving him a look that wanted an explanation. \"And you know how powerful this substance is.\" He said. \"I'm afraid I do not know its full potential. I've only ever heard of it.\" I said. He gave a small sigh, as if he were having to teach me something new - and in a way he was. I had no clue at the moment for where he was going to go with it. \"Antimatter is so powerful that if mankind were to build a spacecraft that could travel a million miles through your galaxy, it would take only a cup of the substance to achieve that journey.\" He told me, explaining it to me as simply as he knew how - as a professor I felt almost degraded. I knew very well that that egg, heavy as it was, must've consisted of far more than a cup. It had to be as much as a large bucket's worth, maybe a little more. Then it flashed at me, the remembrance of what I knew. This was more than just a form of matter - it takes us near thirty good years just to make a little bit of the material, and we don't even know how to convert it to good use. But it was becoming apparent that his people might have found some way to mass produce this like fuel is produced here. I had to know more, so I pressed him. \"Go on.\" I said. \"This substance is what we use on our planet. It fuels our energy; our transportation runs on it, it is our life source and it replenishes itself naturally. It is everlasting, but only with the assistance of the crystal boundary it is held in. This shell, you might say in simpler terms, grows the substance.\" He said that last sentence almost awkwardly, as if simple speech was foreign to his tongue - and from what I knew of him, it was. Everlasting. Now he had me reeled in and wanting to hear more. It was a bizarre thing and I wanted desperately to know how it all worked - according to him that egg it was contained inside of was capable of re-growing the supply within. \"I brought several with me. Each of them are contained safely in these.\" His hand signaled toward the box. \"They are in my shuttle.\" \"Your shuttle?\" I said. \"It is somewhere safe.\" He replied, and left it at that. \"The antimatter I brought is enough to power the entire Earth until your people reach the point of where they can produce it them self.\" \"Yes. To produce such a thing would be far too much cost. It would make this depression impossible to overcome.\" I remember saying. \"That problem is being temporarily resolved.\" Maybe he was right. Perhaps it would work. I could only imagine it all ... like winning the lottery, only it would be better. This solution could put an end to this World War if only he could convince them. \"It sounds like you have something there, but how will it work?\" I said. \"Much the same way your fuel works. It is the alternative the people of this planet need to live on without damaging it; and with this supply, it will relieve the financial crisis you're facing now and the horrors of the war.\" \"I don't know.\" I said, shaking my head. \"I'd gladly have it be, but how do you expect to convince the Government of this?\" \"What do you mean?\" He said. \"Well,\" I said with a wry grin, \"for one thing, they dislike you. Another thing is this: They may react to this idea as futile, you know? Sort of like an ancient civilization that is unprepared to accept a new invention. Especially if they aren't the ones who came up with it.\" \"Even if it makes life easier.\" He stated it to no one in particular. I leaned back in my chair, preparing to light one of my cigars. \"You know how we can be.\" I merely said. \"You of all people know how stubborn we are capable of being. But then again, maybe with all of the bleak desperation you may be more successful than I think. However, I'm more concerned for you than anything else. Are you willing to risk your freedom? I know you're quite capable of defending yourself when the time calls for it, but if you were to react violently when cornered it would only give them all the more reason to put you down.\" \"You hold a fine point, Professor.\" He said. It was a fine point indeed, I guess, but I wasn't proud of my own suggestions. It would've been better if the world wouldn't be so quick to shoot him, poor fellow. \"There is another way.\" He said at last. I could sense the hopefulness in his voice. \"What way is that?\" \"I have been communicating through a personal satellite device with a scientist in the state of Arizona.\" \"A scientist? Through a satellite?\" I thought it too unlikely to be so - but he was truthful. \"Yes. It is someone who may be willing to become a tool in this - someone who can make your Government see its potential.\" \"How so?\" I caught myself questioning his words as if he were a peer, but he didn't seem to mind. It was as if he understood that I had every right to be reluctant. \"I have not spoke this over with him yet. You see, he only knows what I've told him - and it's no more than I've told you. I will be leaving to meet with him by morning.\" \"Klaatu,\" I began, \"if I may, how did you come to find this man?\" \"Wu knew him.\" He explained, and it all seemed sensible then. \"The elder who came to this planet long before I, choosing to stay in the process.\" \"Yes. You mentioned him before.\" I recalled both of his visits then. I remember him coming to my house that second time when those machines first invaded Earth. He was speaking with me about his dear friend Wu. I remember how I felt after he said all of this to me about the antimatter. I still didn't have a full understanding of how it could possibly work, if it were to work at all. It just didn't apply to me as entirely logical; but what I did learn is that he is indeed a mystery to dwell on, a mind capable of things that even a machine couldn't accomplish. And that alone can be frightening to most - yet I find it the most fascinating thing in this world, and I am privileged to know him. \"I wish you all the best of luck, Klaatu.\" I said at length. \"And should you need my help or my good word in anything, you have it, and that's a promise.\" \"You've proved to me that you are one of the few humans I would trust the greatest secrets of my world with, should I have no other choice.\" I mused slightly at this and said, \"Does that mean that you'd be willing to tell me those great secrets?\" \"Not likely.\" He replied. \"I thought so.\" I grinned, my cigar hugged between my fingers. I could tell he was amused by my humorous attempt. We talked for a good time afterward. I offered him a drink of water and something to eat - a banana sandwich - but he had no interest in discussing his plans for the antimatter with me any further. Strangely, it was a pleasant visit, taking into consideration that this is an alien I am seated across from - God knows what he might have looked like before he sacrificed his own body to live in a human shell in order to obtain himself on our planet - but of course I've learnt that to stake property claim on Earth is bad manners to him. He did tell me a bit more about this man he was leaving to see in Arizona. His name is Wilfred Pyecraft, an Astrobiologist much like Dr. Benson, who works for the ARVU Observatory in a little place I've never heard of - perhaps one of those desolated laboratories hidden beyond the red hills of the desert. \"Wilfred Pyecraft.\" I said. \"And you're certain he's trustworthy?\" \"He's been a friend to Wu for countless years. He knows about our race very well and is a 'friend' to the Earth.\" A friend to the Earth. He said this as if there were a chain of devoted advocates hidden throughout the world. \"Is he an extraterrestrial?\" I asked him. \"No. He is a mere human.\" Klaatu told me. \"I know enough about him to feel comfortable in his company, and Wu has agreed to accompany me on the way.\" \"That's good.\" I said. \"I'd accompany you as well if I had the time. Not much happens around here anymore, save whining and peevish complaints. I'm tired of it, you know.\" He seemed to notice the thud of my fingers drumming the surface of the small table beside me. I was stressed and anxious with myself - I always am now in these dark days. I want it to work, I want him to succeed! \"Perhaps, soon, the morale of the human race will be turned back on its good side.\" He commented, sipping his glass. \"If the plan follows through.\" I believe I asked him something about Dr. Benson, wanting to move onto a brighter subject. I can't quite remember my exact words but I was inquiring about how she was doing, if he knew of course. He told me that he hadn't seen her since his last departure when his people came and collected him, but that he wished her and her step-son Jacob well. He said that he was hopeful that she and Jacob would be here, but I confessed that I hadn't seen them since they left months ago - Helen was eager to search out her relatives. It makes me quite sad in a way, as I think of them now as good friends. Helen was always a good colleague of mine. I should very much like to know that she and her step-son are well and safe. I told Klaatu that he could spend the night in my formal guestroom down the hall. He turned the offer down at first stating that he had a good place to rest in his spacecraft, but I convinced him to stay nonetheless. I felt that the longer I had him around, the more I could learn of him. We sat and talked over dinner. He did open up and tell me a few facts about his planet. He said something about his people being water-bound, though not literally living 'in' the water itself, but rather building their civilization amongst its shores - he didn't really go in to why they preferred this, but I thought the reason was already obvious. He gave me a rather vivid image of how it all looked. He described the buildings to be tall and domed at their tops and constructed of a dark grey stone, lighted by a type of crystal rock that is powered by the antimatter substance like everything else. The way I picture it is similar to how one pictures Atlantis: A beautiful architectural place where transportation reaches high speeds and hovers atop the ground and where the possibilities for technology are endless. It is environmentally perfected with air so pure and clean until the typical human may not know how to breathe it - considering that we are so very used to this more unclean air. He told me a little about his people. He didn't so much go in to how they operated, rather than what he said about their ways and beliefs. Everything is knowledge. They worship no idol Gods, and I'm not sure if they worship any God - though I had the hint that he understands more about it all than we could ever imagine as far as religion is concerned. They have no need for entertainment or gorging one's self in un-delightful pleasures because they do not suffer the woes of depression and regret that we ourselves do. They do not fill their intestines with gunk because unlike most of us, they fully (rather than partially) acknowledge what it does to their body, not to mention candy wrappers being thrown on the streets as they are here - after hearing this I was glad that I had served him wholesome foods rather than the brownies in the kitchen that I had contemplated on offering him. And there was nothing spiteful or snobby in his stories at all. The more he spoke, the more delighted I became and the more I wanted to know about him personally, being the intriguing being he is. So I asked him about himself; did he have a family? He only told me that he had a dear friend - Muala, I think he called him or her. I didn't bother to press him about this individual feeling that is was no right of mine, as he looked too diluted by the mere mention of the name. I also inquired politely about his own life. I asked him how he liked it compared to life here on Earth. He told me that he was overly satisfied - and why wouldn't he be, living in a perfectly organized society? He said that he enjoyed being who he was and living where and as he did. But he also told me something else, and in saying this I knew he was confiding in me in his way. He said that if there was one regret he still had, it was never knowing what it was to be more optimized by human characteristics. This shocked me more than anything. It was something I would never expect to hear from his lips. He is perfection, a living thing that contains more knowledge than this world has alone to offer. As far as I know it, he was here long before I and might have witnessed the construction of the Great Pyramids - of course I could be fantasizing a bit, but if he told me it were so I wouldn't doubt it. I dared to ask him why he had come to feel that way and he told me that he felt himself growing a fond fascination for us. Whilst he said this I began to feel like a little trinket he had discovered, perhaps like an African Grey Parrot who carries on in full sentences and fascinates an observer. He began forking the questions out to me then, and in my bemusement he reminded me of a little boy from one of those little countries in Africa who wants to know the traditions of our culture. He asked me a bit about human emotions and I cocked a little mirth and said, \"Don't you know? You've studied so much about us already.\" \"Yes.\" He said. \"But I do not understand it from your perspective. What does it make you feel exactly? What is the relief, the pain, the joy you receive through your embodied emotional traits?\" \"Well,\" I paused. Now I was the one trying to simplify it for him . His question was not an easy one to answer, yet it was simple. He knew why, yet he wanted to know why. It was confusing in a sense. \"To be blunt with you Klaatu, I do not think that you will ever be able to understand how it 'feels' simply because it is not your instinct, your nature, no more than it is mine to perceive things through your complex eyes.\" It was the very best I had for him and I was hopeful that it wouldn't be too unsatisfying. \"That is the precise answer I was expecting to hear.\" He said quite sadly. \"I am sorry, Klaatu. I truly am.\" He looked up at me from across the table. The incandescent lights of the little candles were flickering and dancing warmly, highlighting our faces with a golden hue. \"Why do you speak in that term? Why express that upon me?\" He asked, and for a moment I thought it was another scientific inquiry on human behavior or sympathy, but then it came to me that it was a simple question as to why I was sorry. \"Because I can only imagine how frustrating it can be. Both of us overwhelm the other. You with your extraordinary world that I can only envision in my own image, and me with my religious beliefs and desires to laugh and smile in order to wash away whatever pain daunts me. We're both very different, yet we're so very much alike, both you and I and our kind.\" This answer I gave him seemed temporarily acceptable - until perhaps he could find something better. We sat a good while after finishing the meal. He enjoyed it for the most part and I told him a bit about how to simmer and flavor a salmon - it was a queer thing to discuss with an alien who was sitting at my dinner table but he appeared to be listening with interest. ... It is 9:44 a.m. and I'm near finished with this account. As I write, he sits not a dozen yards away. If I glance over my shoulder I can see him, and if I catch his eye - and I usually catch his eye - it meets me with an expression … It is mainly an imploring look, yet suspicious, too. If I wanted to tell on him, I could have long ago. He knows he can trust me - he said so himself - and he ought to feel at ease - who would believe me if I did tell? - yet he is worried, this much I see. Perhaps I am one of the last things he is worried about. Isn't it more than likely that he is thinking about his new reason for coming here, does it have something to do with our discussion last night? One could only wonder: Does he feel the same overwhelming feelings roused by fear that the common folk feel when there is talk of other life out there? Do we frighten him the way he frightens us perhaps, or are we just strange to him? Is he frustrated that he will never know us inside and out? Should we share that same frustration for him? I begin to ponder altogether on this: It is something to think on but I'm afraid that, being the human I am, if I think on it too much I may drive myself to insanity with the questions that come to mind. There are so many questions and no matter how much I know, I'll never know it all - unless that thing they say about life after death is true. And when I'm in his company, I am almost fearful that there is no Heaven or Hell, and if I ask him enough, he may eventually come out and tell me so. But then again, he may know God himself. Perhaps God is the reason behind his knowledge. Whatever it is, I'd rather leave it unanswered for my own goodwill. He's only just come from the shower. I know he's being courteous and waiting for me to finish my writing. I presume that he will be inquiring to read it afterward, and I may just let him if I must - or better yet, read it out loud in case I feel the need to sugarcoat something I've noted in this passage. I know he's not evil, even if he has earned the reputation he has - yet a part of me has to continuously reassure that knowledge. And it makes me wonder if there will ever be an unconditional trust between us. I begin to wonder if Dr. Benson ever managed to trust him entirely herself - at least as much as she did her late husband - my reason for saying this is because I could tell she had grown fond of him when last they came to seek me out. There was something mutual there. Even her step-son appeared very close to him. He'll be leaving shortly. I'm nearly surprised by my saying this considering what he is and the eerie sensation that overcomes me, but I'm almost sad that he's leaving. It isn't everyday that this happens. He's intriguing, and the best part of it all is that in some simpler way I intrigue him. We're observing one another - and I hate to admit that he's far more literate in math than I - and it's strangely enjoyable for the most part. And now he's returned with a new duty to help our society ... God willing, he'll accomplish the task at hand. It was something we would scarcely expect; that the one who nearly put an end to us would so willingly come back and lend us a hand - and along with him he brought a solution unlike anything I have ever seen... This is the beginning of my account on the extraterrestrial - who still hasn't told me the name of his race. I have no plans of publishing this. It is merely for my own safekeeping. I'm building a memory you might say. There are more things in this Universe than we know, and more particularly right here in my own house than are dreamt in our philosophies. And it is better left a philosophized theory rather than deadly knowledge - for us at least. The truth about Klaatu, one might say, is that there's so much more to him than meets the common fearing eye. He's extraordinary no doubt with the abilities he has, but beyond those dark eyes that seem so human and that face that will never hold a meaningful smile, he is so full of curiosity himself, amusement and wonder. And I've come to the conclusion that on some level he may actually love us. I don't think he's cold at all or entirely emotionless for that matter. He doesn't express himself the way we do, but then, a lot of wonderful creatures with hearts and souls don't. I think that Klaatu really cares for our race and he wants to see us become better - much like God himself does. I'd never dare say this in these exact words to him, but I know it's so - why else does he keep trying so hard? ~ Dr. Barnhardt A/N: I had to post this early because I'm going out of town and by the time I get back, this doc will be gone. And since Ghosts is halfway finished, I figured I could get away with it. So don't bark at me. I wrote this a hell of a long time ago and wanted to freaking post it - I thought that all of the fellow science fiction fans would enjoy this piece. My inspired idea for this story, and the way it was written by Barnhardt's own hands, came from the Grandfather of science fiction himself, H.G. Wells, who is known to write from a character's perspective. I thought that Barnhardt, being an interesting and inquisitive character who is overlooked far more than he should be in this fandom, deserved this role over any other - I somehow like his role as a pleasant-faced, trustable counterweight to the heavy-handed warmongering. A big shout out goes to T-U-X-I-D-O-G-R-E-Y for the 'antimatter' idea. ","Summary":" Summary: It was something we would scarcely expect; that the one who nearly put an end to us would "},{"Movie":"Silver Linings Playbook","Title":"Story of One Day You Will","Author":"EllieRenee18","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9084409","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 'Tiffany's POV' I was so terrified of those feelings I was having back then when I first met him. I mean come on; a young woman like me has already been through so much already in my lifetime. The medications that I have been on would make any sane person go crazy. But then again, I was crazy so that saying goes out the window. Pat. His name was Patrick, but Pat for short. He was so handsome that it petrified me. He offered to do the dance with me and he showed me love. After the letter and him telling him he loved me, you would think that I would be okay. But I still have doubts in the back of my head. But every time he says he loves me and kisses me, that fear disappears if only for a little while. Pat makes sure that he shows his love for me every day not just telling me. He asked me to be his wife and today is our wedding day. So much is going through my mind. Will he think my dress is pretty? Will he regret marrying me? He getting me to agree to marry him was a whole other story. He proposed to me at least five times before I said yes. Why? Because I was still heartbroken over my previous husband's death. But him smiling at me and telling me he would wait for me made me realize that he truly does love me and that was all it took for me to say yes on the sixth proposal. Sounds crazy to say yes after five times you may say, but hey, I still am a little crazy….or so they tell me. My sister comes in and helps me pull the veil over my head. After a few tears are shed of joy and happiness, she pulls me in for a hug and then releases me when my friend Corina tells her it is time. I wait in the back of the church with a huge smile on my face. Something deep within me at this point tells me not to worry. It tells me this marriage will last 'til death do me and Pat part'. As the music begins, the flower girl makes her way down the aisle being as adorable as ever. Then after her it is the three bridesmaids. After they all make their way down the white aisle, the traditional song \"Here Comes the Bride\" anthem starts filling the entire church. A bigger smile if possible appears on my face and I could not wait to see the only man that could turn my crazy into sane my doing something crazy ourselves. As I appear in the doorway, I immediately lock eyes with my soon to be husband, Pat. I love him so much and I thank God that He gave me the opportunity to have a second chance. Everything would be okay from now on. And even the days where it seems like all hope is lost, we can look back together on what we have accomplished in life and no, that we can make it. We can look back and say, \"No matter what life throws our way, we have found our silver lining.\" AN: Please review and tell me what you guys think….Should I continue this? Because if so, I have a whole lot of cute and awesome ideas where this story can go. I just need to know if people will be interested in reading it[Chapter 2] ' Pat's POV' God was she gorgeous. Her dark brown hair was pulled back into an elegant bun topped off with a veil that she said was her mother's. Everything about her was just perfect today. But not just today though, every day. She makes her way towards me and we just cannot wipe the smiles off of our faces. She is now standing right in front of me and my heart literally starts beating faster with excitement. This is it Pat, you are getting married, again. But this time, I know it will last. As Pastor Marks says the traditional, I just tone out his voice. I have seen way too many movies to count to not know what he is saying. Tiffany just locks her gorgeous bright blue eyes with mine and I know from this moment on, my craziness was not a mistake. My craziness was meant to be. Why? Because during the painful ride, I met someone who was just as crazy, if not more, like me. This whole up and down movements of my life has cost me a great deal of pain, but I see now that that pain was building up to something that would ultimately outweigh the negative. No longer do I have to go through the motions of life. I can finally say that I am better because of her, Tiffany. The Preacher now wants us to say the traditional vows. Some people like to write their own vows, but given since it is Tiffany and I, we wanted to have some normalcy in our lives. So, we decided to stick with the traditional. We lock eyes and said the sacred vows that we knew would never be broken, but only by death do us part. He then said you may kiss the bride. I smiled so big and so did she while we both leaned in and kissed a breathtaking kiss. After a few seconds, we pulled apart and the crowd of people who came to witness this moment with us began to applaud and give woohoos. We then grabbed each other's hand and began to make our way down the aisle as newly husband and wife. Along the way, we got stopped by Mr. Spencer the old man who owned the antique shop just three blocks from my parent's house. He patted me on the back and said something to me that I will never forget. \"Look sonny, that woman is God's great gift to mankind. You mess with her; you will have not only have to deal with this old man, but this old cane to.\" I just laughed as did Tiffany. We then hugged him and then made our way outside where people were already lining up to begin throwing flowers at us. We decided to skip a reception. We just wanted to get married and then go straight to our honeymoon. If anything, we can have a reception later on. Right now, we just want to enjoy being newlyweds right after the marriage part. Tiffany and I got inside the limo and began waving goodbye to our family and friends. As the limo began to drive away, I rolled the window up and then turned to my gorgeous wife. I do not know how she did it so fast, but my Tiffany was asleep leaning up next to me. I honestly do not mind it though. I just smiled and thank God that he brought someone to me that I love so much. I do not know how she managed me the whole time period since we first met to now. I just thank the heavens above that I have a lifetime to make it up to her. And just like I say every time I tell someone about us, I officially have found my silver lining. AN: PLEASE review and tell me what you guys think about this chapter! Much advice will be appreciated![Chapter 3] \"Pat's Point of View\" \"Hey Tiffany?\" \"Yeah?\" \"What the heck is that?\" I point to something that looks like molded cheese growing on the bathroom stall. Tiffany and I are on our honeymoon in Venice, Italy. Every time we go out to eat, Tiffany wants to give the bathroom stalls a try. As in giving them a \"try\", I mean she wants us to make love in them. But for some reason tonight, the odds are not exactly in our favor. For example, a guy tried to hit on Tiffany earlier today at this dress boutique she wanted to go to after breakfast. As any man who loves a woman dearly would do, I got jealous and acted in a way I thought reasonable. But of course Tiffany disagreed with me. Flashback We were walking hand in hand down the busy street, when Tiffany screamed. I looked down at her to make sure she was all right, and that is when I saw a huge smile plastered on her face. I was totally confused. \"What the heck Tiffany? You gave me a baby heart attack.\" She just kept gazing at something in the distance and I left my gaze on her to see what she was staring at. And that was when pure horror crossed my face. A dress boutique? Oh no Pat. You sure are in trouble's paradise now. \"Shopping Tiffany, really? Anything but shopping please baby. How about we go and make love in a bathroom stall like you have been wanting to do every day this week?\" I give the best pouty face I can muster up but she wasn't paying attention to me no matter how hard I tried. \"Pat?\" \"Yes Tiffany?\" I looked at her with hope in my eyes. Maybe she was listening to me all along and was giving in to my plea. \"Can we take a short break in our schedule for today and go looking around in that store over there?\" I wanted to say no, but she looked up at me and stared right into my eyes. Damn her. She knows her eyes are my weakness. \"Fine. But only for a few minutes all right?\" \"Yay!\" She grabbed my hand and began running down the street not even bothering if she bumped into people. She kept running without looking back and here I am trying to be polite and saying \"sorry\" to every person we run by. \"Sorry!\" That one went out to a one man walking his dog. \"So sorry!\" That one went out to a little girl whose ice cream went all over her dress. \"O my God! So so so so so sorry ma'am!\" And that one went out to a middle aged woman with what seemed like very important papers that went flying everywhere in the street. Tiffany stopped running abruptly and I ended up slamming myself into her back. I was gasping for breath while also trying to look very mad at her. \"God Tiffany what was that?\" She just looked up at me with the same angry look I was giving her. \"God Pat what was that?\" I was dumbfounded. Was she mocking me? \"Are you mocking me?\" She just smiled an evil smile and looked away. \"No baby. Why would I ever do that?\" Before I could get another word out, she was already walking into the boutique. I brushed off that little argument slightly and followed her inside. The dresses were extravagant to say the least. I saw Tiffany gaping at a white laced sundress with a brown belt over the mid-section. It was beautiful. And I knew Tiffany would look gorgeous in it. But as I seen her raise the price tag, her smile fell with a sullen look and I knew right then that this boutique was no place for people like Tiffany and I. We only got to come to Italy because we won it. Tiffany wanted to do something crazy about a month ago and she came up with the idea of going on national television playing the game show \"Let's Make A Deal'. And did we make a deal all right. We ended up winning a trip to Venice Italy for six days and nights. So instead of getting married later on this year, we made our wedding earlier so we could attend this once in a lifetime trip. Pulling back memories of that game show brings nightmares even to this day. Tiffany made me dress up like a gorilla while she dressed up as a fat witch. But I love her so much and seeing her so sad because she cannot afford something she loves breaks my heart. So I walk over to her and wrap my arms around her and lean my head on her head. \"Tiffany baby?\" \"Hmm?\" \"How about we get out of here and go shopping somewhere less expensive?\" She didn't say anything at first, but then she let out a sigh. \"I thought you hated shopping?\" She then turned around and looked up at me with tear filled eyes. \"That was the old me. The new me likes shopping.\" She just looked at me quizzically and then a smile appeared on her face. \"You're crazy.\" \"So I've been told a few times in my life.\" We both started giggling. I reached out my hand and she took it with a smile. But that was when our happiness got stolen from us. The man who works there I assume, came up to us and had on what I call a \"creepy\" smirk on his face. He just stood in front of me and Tiffany for a few seconds. We looked at each other with weird expressions and then tried to maneuver our way around him. But every time we tried, he just kept going the same direction we were. I was fed up and I spoke up with rage in my voice. \"Excuse me sir, but can you move?\" He just held that smirk and then he spoke. \"Leaving without dress?\" \"Yes. This place is out of our budget and we will go shopping at another boutique sir.\" Tiffany answered him and politely smiled at him. Even though I knew on the inside she just wanted to hurry and leave. \"A very \"cheap\" boutique.\" I put emphasis on the cheap because I wanted him to know that his dresses were too expensive. \"But pretty lady must leave with something. How about a golden necklace to adorn her beautiful swan neck?\" Beautiful swan neck? What the heck is this guy smoking? Who says that? \"That's all right. Now please excuse us. We have a schedule and we would like to accomplish everything on it today.\" Even as we rounded him, he would not let us leave. \"Please sir. How can you leave without buying special lady a gift?\" In all honestly, all I could do was look at him with a puzzled expression on my face. Just then the man grabbed Tiffany's hand and led her to the dresses that were way too indecent for any woman to wear. He held up a red dress to her. The length of the dress was so short I hardly believe her Gluteus Maximus would even be thankful for the exposure it would receive. He said something very low that I could not hear. She began giggling and she blushed. Is this guy hitting on her? I then walked up and the guy locked eyes with me. Is he trying to be intimidating? Not working buddy. \"Tiffany lets go baby. I'm hungry.\" \"We just ate breakfast. How are you hungry already?\" Does she not get the hint I am trying to give across? \"I. Just. Am. Let's. Go.\" I grabbed her hand and she smiled at the guy while saying goodbye. Before we landed outside the door, I heard Tiffany yelp. I turn to her and saw that her face was becoming the color of crimson. I saw her right hand grabbing her butt and knew immediately what this pervert did. He copped a feel! \"Hey!\" He turned around twirling a scarf in his hand with that same smirk plastered on his ugly face. \"Did you just cop a feel on my wife as we were walking out!?\" \"Pat it's all right. Let's just go.\" \"No it is not all right Tiffany! He touched you inappropriately!\" \"Let's go.\" And with that being said, she walked out of the boutique and left me standing there with the man whom I have placed on my \"Hate List\". I walked out of the boutique making sure I slammed the door behind me. I saw Tiffany ahead of me and ran to catch up to her. \"Tiffany! Tiffany!\" She turned around with anger in her eyes. The same anger I saw when I asked her to read the letter after the dance competition. \"What Pat! Are you going to embarrass me again?!\" \"Embarrass you? How on earth did I embarrass you? I was looking out for you! Hello! Earth to Tiffany! That's what husbands do!\" \"Well in case you didn't get the memo, I don't need you to defend me every single time something like that happens!\" \"How many times are you planning on letting this happen?\" \"O God Pat. You know what? Let's just pretend this never happened!\" Pretend this never happened? \"No!\" \"Yes!\" \"Fine!\" \"Fine!\" And with at last fine being said, she grabbed my hand and we both tried to act like it never happened. End of Flashback After the fight, Tiffany and I made up. Around seven o' clock, Tiffany wanted to go out to eat and I agreed. I was starved. In the middle of the dinner, Tiffany gave me that certain look she held for moments she wanted to do something risky. I naughtily agreed and we walked to the restroom hand in hand. During our make-out session in the stall, I notice something on the door that looks so gross. \"Hey Tiffany?\" \"Yeah?\" \"What is that?\" And with a big eww emitted from both our lips, we left the restaurant after paying our bill and never went back there again. AN: So I hope this chapter didn't drag on. I hope you liked it! Please review and tell me what you think so far! Please! And just a little side not, Tiffany acted this way for a certain reason. Hmm? What may that reason be? Keep reading to find out! ","Summary":" 'Tiffany's POV' I was so terrified of those feelings I was having back then when I first met him. I"},{"Movie":"The Day The Earth Stood Still","Title":"12 Signs","Author":"MissDeep","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6995281","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Takes place after four years TDTESS(2008) please be patient with me this has been a while since I have written and just saw the movie recently. A little AU cause electricity isn't out like the movie ended. This is a Klaatu/ Helen fic so enjoy Disclaimer: I don't know own the movie or the characters. FYI no beta if interested you can email me thank you sorry if there are any in corrections in my writing or spelling. Please enjoy 12 signs Chapter 1: Introduction Dr Helen Benson switched between documenting her findings on the pc and looking at the microscope with great interest the molecules were reacting well to the solution in the slide. The artificial light illuminating her pale features as she continued to recorded her findings. Her fellow colleagues passed carrying more slides comfortable silence was suddenly lifted as a young intern came running from a separate lab. \" Dr. Benson there is call from your son he says its important he is on line two.\" She sighed \"Thank you Ms. Simon can you have Dr. Meckson to come look at this when he comes in later and please clear my station for me.\"The young intern smiled sweetly at her supervisor her brown hair tied in a bun her gray eyes warm and friendly \" Yes Doctor, just let me place these folders in the Dr Yamanka's drop box and I'll get to it. See you tomorrow\" Helen nodded a farewell at her, she slipped off her plastic gloves in a trash can near her work station she placed her goggles in the decontamination shelf as she made her way to the door. After washing her hands she looked at her watch it read 6:23 she groaned tiredly ' Jacob is gonna kill me' rubbing her eyes exiting to the hall way decoration like tinsel and Christmas lighs hangint from the walls as she briskly walked down some nameless corridors to where her personal office was nodded greetings at other workers along the way. Shutting the stainless steal door the sounds of the outside shut out her office was quite peaceful she longed to sit on the futon sofa that was lined up on far right wall and rest. Her office was fairly large with gray walls , random items and plants dropped around the area adding her person touch to it. A picture of her friend Professor Barnhardt standing together as she was presented with her own noble prize she was the second youngest person in her field to receive the prestigious award. Another one of herself holding on too her 11 year old son Jacob smiling his dark eyes looking so joyful nothing from the little 9 year old that was angry a few years back. She walked around to her desk to her personal phone \" Hello mom took you long enough\" a baritone voice said she could make out a young boys laughter in the background. Sam must be over again' \"Hi Sweetie sorry I am late ill be there in 20 minutes I am just leaving the office now.\" She looked down at the clutter on her desk and she tried to remember where she placed her purse and keys. Another chorus of laughing eruppted the sound of someone shuffling, rough housing was definitely taking place. She smiled when she heard the winded sound of her son reply \"Yeah mom love you be careful the forecast just came on that there is some early snow fall on the highway\". Helen smiled alittle \"Alright just try not to break anything before I get there I would hate to make a trip to the hospital on Christmas Eve that place is busy enough at this time of year as it is .And Jac tell Sam to remember to call his mother and tell her he is over again.\" Sam was her next door neighbors son, his single parent Jane was an RN was working double shift again. Since the recent death of her husband a couple of months back Jane had to work a lot to make ends meet. Helen didn't mind Sam he was a sweet kid same age as Jacob and she understood how hard it was to be single mom herself. \"Alright mom see you soon bye\" the line went dead. She rubbed her eyes and reached into the bottom d draw grabbing her purse opening the pocket in it and retrieved her keys. Helen walked towards the door slipped out of lab coat placing onto the hook and continued make her way to the employee exit her id card in one hand. She swiped her id card in the door lock swooshed allowing her to push open, the door swinging out as she walked in the parking lot down the row of park cars to her silver car. The same one she made her escapes in with a certain dark handsome alien who will remain nameless … Klaatu Her mind supplied her with a name in an instant she groaned again at her minds train of thoughts that went along with said name. Images, memories of that time it felt like so long ago flashed in front of her eyes. **** Flash back**** Klaatu in his black business suit sitting in a crowded police station looking out of place in the chaos Klaatu looking back before running into the locus haze like creature Klaatu in the forest his hand reaching out to touch the sphere sending a pulse in the blue ball a blinding light at its ascent Klaatu laying unconscious in a medical bed after surgery Klaatu hand reaching out for hers as they both met the first time her body covered in bio hazard suit his blue eyes shining out before closing as he was shot he fell unconscious in her arms after calling off GORT she assumed in his native tongue. **** End of flash back **** Her seat belt light blinked in annoyance calling her back to the real world she ran her hands through her hair taking it down from her bun , her brown hair fell down too the middle of her back . She looked into her review mirror her own blue eyes staring back at her. Nothing about her had really changed except the length of her hair and feeling that had continued to increase every since the day Klaatu left in a ship to where ever it was the alien lived she guessed. She pushed her thoughts aside as the sound of her seatbelt clicking lock and turned the key her engine roaring to life she shifted gears and pulled out of the parking lot making her way home. (End of chapter) Reviews please[Chapter 2] Author notes: Oh hey this is Miss Deep just wanted to comment on some of the concerns you readers posted on the review I realize that Helens eyes are green thanks it's just a part of my plot! Im back guys hope your still out there don't let this fandom die. Well back to the story hope you enjoy check out my other story Must be the suit! Warning: some mild cursing you have been warned. Chapter 2 part 1 Helen dream: She was dreaming she knew from the way her mind was at rest it felt like her whole body was incased in a liquid gel. Oddly enough it felt comforting she drifted for a while then there was a sudden shift she felt it, the liquid felt warm then became almost too hot to bear. A harsh vibration ran up her right arm she threw her head back to scream anything to communicate the pain maybe a sign to let it know that hurt. Then all of a sudden the pain stopped and the memory of it left just as quickly being replaced again with a warm feeling she relaxed. End of dream Wednesday New Year's Day Helen eyes sprung open as the light crept into her spacious master bedroom her gray comforter hung lazy off the edge of her queen size bed as she stretched, her right arm felt oddly lax which was abnormal considering she was right handed and favored this arm with many mundane task. A soft whoosh escaped her mouth when as her eyes found the alarm clocked posted in honorary spot on the nightstand near her. The red numbers read 9:28 recognizing the numbers together were important it told her what time it was. Helen hurriedly took a unsteady steps towards the restroom leaving a fair amount of destruction on her floor namely her wonderful cat, called Precious who believed was hurricane level 5 force winds which had sent her flying across the room onto a fluffy chair that was lined against the wall instead of her beloved owner. If someone were to watch Helen Benson awaken they would notice that she was a creature of habit as she ran through the motions, an early morning routine instilled in her from a young childhood. Relieve herself, brush her teeth, wash her face, her fingers gently scooped water to her face splashing herself and successfully awaking her unwilling groggy mind. She wanted to smack herself when she her mind slowly caught up with her then she remembered the weeks before. : Flashback: The day of Thanksgiving had been hell for Helen Benson somewhere in the middle of the night alarms had gone off on all the cooling reactors in the lab. She had been notified as the head scientist in her division asking a few questions in hush tones to the head mechanic reciting what the scientist at the base shouted over the blaring noise of the alarms trying to save months and years of research. She had hurriedly got dressed, awoke Jacob and Sam and ushered them into the back for her band new black Tahoe. After making a phone call to Grandmother Lynn, as the older women preferred to be called and insisted on it when introduced; notifying her of the emergency at her work the old women polite accepted but only on the condition that she could make sure that they spend Thanksgiving at her house turkey dinner and all. She halfheartedly protested making the older women cook in such short notice when she was already doing her a huge favor by watching the two prepubescent boys hardly seemed fair. To which Grandmother Lynn told in tone that left her no room to protest that she would do it and that Helen would come and eat with them for dinner and promptly hung up ending the discussion. She sped up to the large lot across her own, down the gravel road she pass another set of gates that marked the entrance into the elder women's estate. A large southern style home that had a porch that wrapped around the entire house, the windows in the front area of the house gave a soft glow on the morning snow. A tiny old women with gray hair came out covered in a fairly thick coat waved as Helen pulled up she quickly placed pecks on both boys cheeks, half mumbled Happy Thanksgiving and goodbyes, as they slid out of the back seats quickly walking up the front steps into the house into the cozy home, elder women a step behind them. She reversed and quickly sped up as she exited the property taking a couple of quick left turns that led up to the ramp on highway 218(made up highway) which lead to her work a couple of miles away. If she hurried enough she would be there in 30 minutes and could do damage control before the entire long term projects stored there were too damaged to save. The highway was empty not many people were up at four in the morning, some who had just got off of work probably heading back home but for the most part the highway was empty. Helens mind wondered as it often did when driving. She hoped the backup generators had kicked in, which lasted for a only a couple of hours hopefully by then the main power would be back online. A radio host name Linda droned on in the background of her thoughts what Helen had just been informed of a couple of minutes ago. A couple of crucial power lines had been taking out due to the heavier the usual snow fall this past month which had led to a couple of lines failing causing a black out in half the city. Damn all this snow thank goodness a large majority people had propane heating for emergency like this so there was nothing to be worried about. Her mind continued on with this path of though trying to find ways to save the more important experiments that had taken years to get to the stage they were on categorize lesser importance maybe they could….. Klaatu her mind whispered to her she groaned mentally not again a day had gone by before the alien name raced random in the middle of her thoughts. She caught a good look at herself in the rearview mirror taking in her appearance she looked as well anyone had rolled out of bed and got dressed in less than 10 minutes.. And then at once a a lot things happened her forest green eyes turned into a eerie blue her breath caught in her throat when a familiar smooth voice rung out in her mind Helen. Her vision blurred and all she knew faded into black. A familiar presence fell before her orbs glowing like the spheres that touched down in new York there was a soft medley going back and forth in between them like whales singing to each other. She walked up to one that was still and silent, pale blue she felt the need. It grew till it almost suffocated her something shout, ran anything to make the light that was fading before her eyes. Just before the orb pulsed its last one effort it glowed with life she was pushed back into her body. Her hands fisted into bed sheets white everything in the room was white where was she? A Nurse walked in when her heart monitor picked up she quickly rushed to the side of her bed to hit the alarm calling for a doctor. \" Dr Benson can you hear? You're in a hospital… Helen can you tell me what happened?\" More rushed movements unknown voices entered. She faded back into darkness again. So what do you guys think? I had to cut it here because it was getting a little to long so I spilt this chapter into two parts. Please read and review~ hope everyone is enjoying there summer. ","Summary":" Takes place after four years TDTESS(2008) please be patient with me this has been a while since I h"},{"Movie":"The Day The Earth Stood Still","Title":"The heart of an alien","Author":"KlaatuFanGurl15","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4927992","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Heart Of An Alien By KlaatuFanGurl Author's Notes: Ok. I know that the fad here is Klaatu/Helen but I just wanted to try something new so PLEASE give my story a chance. I promise I'll do my best to make it good and I'll try not to let my character be Sueish. Also, if my grammar is sloppy it's cause I'm young and just starting to get into writing for the first time in my life. Also, my character isn't under-aged so she will be reasonable. Now, this story is five years after the movie and Klaatu comes back. Ok it's because his people want him to monitor the humans progression and he sort of is granted to live on the Earth for a while under a secret identity so that no one will know who he is. But he has to rent this house that is next door to a woman who has secrets of her own that may turn Klaatu's life upside down for better or worse. ---------------------------------- Chapter 1: Getting Started It wasn't easy going back. He's always thought about it after he left. He's daydream about going back and seeing his earth friends, what few he made. But when he did get the chance to go back, he felt as nervous as he ever did. It was like the first day of school or something if you wanted to compare it that way. The Nargrotros (Klaatu's people) had made it so he could return to earth without making a spectical of himself. They gave him a new identity, and he had to return in the same human body he had left in so that he could live as a earth man. It was sort of a deal. For him to stay here for a year or however long it took to observe our species and to take note and make sure that we were progressing well and meeting their standards. Yes, we were becoming friends to the earth rather than owners and we had been doing well for ourselves once the financial crisis the Gort left us in had dwindled down. And life was better. But why he was sent back was because we were slowly showing signs of slipping back into our old ways again and he had to monitor and see that we didn't screw up. Klaatu rented a house of course in New York City. He rented a pretty nice brick home that was nestled between other similar houses. It wasn't cheap but his people saw to it that he could live here without looking suspicious. So he was moving in much like a typical guy. To keep it more undercover, he took a job in a nearby tax office, which was also set up by his people without the humans knowing. It was peaceful for the first week until of course his nextdoor neighbor got back from her excursion to Borneo. -------------------------------- OK guys XD Please review however you like! Just as long as you review as I love feedback! Sorry for the shortness of this chapter but I just want to touchbase.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: Mellony Abner (not you typical girl next door) Klaatu stepped out into the small garden that traced the back of the town home he was staying in. He let the sweet smell of the roses fill his nostrils. It was a strange smell and something new to him. After all, he was from a world where such scents weren't often smelled and never before had he had the chance to even notice if there was. His entire life was a planned out mission it seemed. Ever since he was young he had been groomed for one purpose, and for the first time in his life he felt like he was finally stepping out on his own a bit. He began to pace the small terrace, glancing over the small iron fences and looking into his neighbor's gardens, trying to sort out the source of the sweet smell. He already suspected it was a plant, but he wanted to know what kind. He had found himself becomming very curious in this new world. Suddenly there was a rustle in the small shrubs that met the fence that parted between his yard and the house next to it. As he looked, he could make out what looked to be a human being struggling to pull something out from under those shrubs. \"Darnit! Whiskers, get the heck out of there you stubborn cat!\" He could hear a voice saying. \"If it weren't for you running off and getting into a bloody catfight I wouldn't be having to give you that awful medicine to begin with! Ugh...I get back from a tiresome trip, exhausted and shot, and then you have to drive me nuts! Do you know how crazy you drive me???\" Suddenly a calico cat shot out, running past the woman and heading back into it's house quite cleverly. She cursed angrily as she stood and when she saw a strange man standing and staring down at her, she nearly jumped out of her own skin. \"Shit!\" she let out before slapping her palm over her mouth. She felt like an idiot! There she was blessing her cat out for one thing, and now she was faced with some weird guy in a fine suit while she was wearing her old ratty gardening clothes? How embarressing! \"Well, who the hell are you?\" she demanded, fitting her hands on her hips. Klaatu tilted his head to the side slightly, almost observing her as if she were some bemused animal. But she thought he was thinking about how she looked and she didn't like it the least bit. \"Hey buster, are you gonna stand there staring all day or introduce yourself? It's rude to stare you know.\" \"Then perhaps the both of us still have much to learn about proper edicit.\" he said, without meaning to be sarcastic. \"What? What's that supposed to mean? You're the one spying on me!\" \"I was not spying on you.\" Klaatu said, his face expressionless. \"I was merely trying to desipher where that smell was coming from. You just happened to be there.\" \"Well excuse me, but it's my yard you know. And for the record, I've got a right to be here!\" \"I do not recall saying you didn't.\" he retorted. \"Look, just forget it, okay?\" she shouted, throwing her arms upward. \"I don't have time for this nonesense!\" she began stomping back into the house. \"And by the way,\" she said, glancing over her shoulder, \"They're called roses for goodness sake!\" Klaatu watched her dissapear into the house. He stood there for a while just observing. Of all the human he had encountered, he'd never met one so befuddled and erratic. --------------------------------------------------------------------------- That night it was stormy. It hadn't started to rain yet, but it was nearing it with all the thunder. Klaatu was sitting in the lean back chair reading a book on human phsycology. He figured that if he were to blend in for the time being, he might as well try to learn everything there was to know about them. But suddenly, a knock came to his door and with curiosity he got up from the chair, dropping the book into the cushion as he headed towards the door. When he opened it, that same woman that had barked so rudely at him was standing there with a cup in her hand. She had a self-concious look on her face. And he could sense there was a little awkwardness there. He waited silently for her to explain her reason for knocking. \"Look Mr um...\" \"Barada.\" he mouthed. \"Mr Barada, Im very sorry about the misunderstanding today. You see, I was having a hectic day with my cat being sick and totally stubborn too and I just snapped at the first person I saw and I'm really sorry. I was very rude.\" \"Why have you come?\" \"I uh...\" she said glancing at the cup in her hand. \"I was wondering if you'd lend me a cup of sugar. My friends have insisted on coming over tonight despite my efforts and, well, my cupboards are a bit empty. Haven't had time to...I know I complain a lot.\" \"Come in.\" he said. She stepped inside, noting how nice his house was inside. It was nothing fancy, but the atmosphere was casual and relaxing. \"Nice place.\" she said, following him into the kitchen. But he did not respond. This man was very strange. He didn't talk much, he seemed to be anything but upset. And he wasn't happy either. If she didn't know better, she'd say he was an alien - but that was crazy. The alien that came to Earth not long ago was long gone now. \"I'm Mellony Abner. I uh, I'm an arciologist. Just got back from a long excursion with a research group.\" Klaatu did not comment at first while pouring off the sugar, he merely looked at her and nodded. When he looked away he said, \"You may call me Eddie.\" \"Eddie Barada, huh?\" Mellony mused. \"That's quite a name.\" \"Thank you.\" Klaatu (Eddie) replied. He handed her a full cup and she nodded in thanks. \"I really appreciate you doing this. I mean, I was really rude.\" \"It is alright.\" he said. \"I have studied a bit about how the human brain feeds different emotions throughout the body. I knew immediantly your stress was roused by some reason.\" \"Oh,\" she didn't know what to think about it really. Maybe he was a theripist or something. It certainly wasn't everyday you met a guy who understood a woman's emotions. \"I'd better get going.\" He escorted her to the door and held it open for her as she stepped out. She paused once outside, turning around and saying, \"If you want, we can have lunch sometime...Not that I'm asking you out! But I mean, we could get to know each other as neighbors better.\" He nodded and they parted ways. Mellony wasn't bad looking. She wasnt a super model either. She was just an attractive woman of about thirty years old. A young face, average curves and shoulder length brown hair. Her eyes however were the one feature that stood out the most. They were a bright olive green. As she stepped inside, she couldn't help but think about how odd Eddie was. Maybe a smart woman would avoid the guy altogether and stay away from him. He could be a rapist or something. But for some strange reason, Mellony didn't sense him as a threat and was drawn to him a bit. Maybe she was overly fantasizing, but what if he was a spy or something? It was interesting to imagine at least. She wanted to get to know him more...and it didn't hurt that he was easy on the eyes. A/N: Thanks everyone who has been reviewing this so far! I won't promise a really intense plot, but the plot I'm working out is interesting I hope:D ","Summary":" The Heart Of An Alien By KlaatuFanGurl Author's Notes: Ok. I know that the fad here is Klaatu/Helen"},{"Movie":"The Day The Earth Stood Still","Title":"Captivated","Author":"MissBethany","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5236638","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ` 1. Experienced Todayneverything seemed to be silenced, no loud sounds, no talking fornmiles. It was announced on the television yesterday that not onensingle person would be working today, not one person would go tonschool. So that meant that everyone had to shop yesterday for as longnas time would count. I don't know how long this madness would go onnfor, and I didn't know if it was worldwide. All I knew was that Inwas only a teenager, and I couldn't get off Britain's soil, asnnobody was working so I couldn't get an aeroplane or a ferry tonanother country as probably several others did yesterday… My familyndidn't think of that. No human was aloud out of the house. Animalsnhad to be left outside to starve. The television wasn't working,nneither was the radio. But occasionally you got interference fromnpeople transmitting signals from their house but that stopped as soonnas signals went down. Everything was down, even phone signals… Whennthe Earth changes or the soil you live upon changes you change. It'snsomething in your brain that reboots your system to live a differentnstyle; the style that I probably am living in now is survival.nSurvival was probably upgrading into every human soul in Britain. Indon't know why we were being kept captive in the house, because ifnnobody was working didn't that mean that the police wasn'tnworking, that the government wasn't working? Even criminals werenprobably left in prison with no wardens. What will happen to thenhuman race? It dawned on me if I and others didn't take action soonnall the human race would be dead. Not one human would live on Britainnsoil again. One thing I thought to do today was draw. Draw the worldnwith no humans on its soil. Draw the world with derelict houses onnevery street. Draw the world without inhabitants. Thennit came to me, why wasn't the government letting any explanationnout to why we had to stay in the house. I didn't understand whyngrown ups chose to keep us inside or why they chose to stay insidenthemselves without an explanation usually everyone fought back, butnthis time I guessed nobody fought back. If I was being forced to stayninside I needed an explanation, why should I waste my life stayingninside like a pet. Every second in this house was wasting my lifenaway, I needed action, I needed thrill, and I needed friends! How can anyone expect children to stay sane without friends, how didnthe government expect the parents to stay sane with their childrenntwenty-four-seven. Seriously if the world was going to stay the waynit is, captive and gaunt, then the people of Britain needed anexplanation at least to why they should let their small lives wastenaway. That's what I think. And that's what I will achieve. Mynspirits must be high. I needed to be a child, and so did many others.[Chapter 2] 2. HownCould She Do Anything In This State I havennever thought the world could end, it was one of those things younread about in books or some psychopath would scream about it in theirnsleep. But now that it's happening it's totally different to me,nmy life seems to be ticking away second by second and I just couldn'tncare about it. Why could I think of just me, when there was plenty ofnpeople out there who needed help, who were dyeing alone seen as therenwas no vaccinations or pills to help the unwell. What could I do? Asnmy grandma always told me God made the world, but always whatninfuriates me was if God made the world why did God make such badnthings! Why didn't God save the world now? No matternhow much thinking I did, I really didn't know what to do. The onlynthings that came into my narrow mind were thoughts of my family, hownmuch I missed them and yearned to feel their arms around me, to haventheir sent flow around me. A single tear dropped from my grey darkneyes, it trailed onto the floor making a single dot, which turnedninto a pool of tears. I shoutednmy mum, no answer. I ran upstairs in search of her looking in everynbedroom and finally found her in mine, she was in my bed with anpicture of me and her from a holiday; I was three and it was just menand my mum, I learned my dad was off with another woman behind mynmums back, he was such a bastard was the only word I could call him.nMy mother looked frail and lifeless like a small doll waiting to benbroken. I walked up to her beside the bed, she still didn't move sonI shook her, her mouth was open a tad her eyes rolled back inside hernhead. I shook her lightly again, then eventually got harder. \"Mum!\"nI cried, \"Mum, I need you! Mum wake up!\" The wholenroom shook, the floor beneath me was ripped away engulfing me to mynemotions. Shencan't leave me. I can't be on my own. Please! My facenfelt swollen from the tears, swollen from the beatings I gave myself.nI can't do anything right I bashed into my head over and over againnwith my fist. \"WHY DOnYOU HAVE TO BE SUCH A BITCH! RUINING EVERYONE'S LIVES!\" I shoutednat myself. My dad left, and now my mum has killed herself the onlynconclusion I could come to was myself, I was the reason my dad left…nI was the reason my mum killed herself, because she couldn't barento look after me anymore I was too much hassle. I dragged myself outnof my bedroom by my hands to the top of the stairs getting as manyncarpet burns as my bare body could get. I wrapped my hand around thenbanister dragging myself to my feet drawing one breath, and looked atnmy last destination… The floor. And flung myself in the air hittingnmy head on the ceiling then banging in a frail mess down the stairsnwith burning pain, eventually stopping at the bottom with a mightyncrash. My eyensight went black, I couldn't see anything but still felt thenburning sensation that ran through my body. ","Summary":" ` 1. Experienced Todayneverything seemed to be silenced, no loud sounds, no talking fornmiles. It w"},{"Movie":"The Day The Earth Stood Still","Title":"The Orb","Author":"Ida C. Watson","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5435458","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 5 years after Klaatu leaves. A fanfic, just for him. (Keanu Reeves)! Read and Review please! I'd love to continue this! \"Sophie, get away from the window,\" my mom whispered, shooing me away from the window. \"It's raining really hard out there.\" Smiling, I twisted my head around from the couch and stared at the flashes of light outside the window. \"I don't mind,\" I said, giggling at a ball of light that slammed into the backyard. \"Did you see that? It was pretty.\" \"Honey, please,\" my mom shoved me away from the window, cautioning me as my step-dad came trudging down the stairs. Step-dad grumbled in, yanking me by my golden hair and throwing me onto the couch, my back landing on the cushions. He yelled out curse words at me, screaming at my mom. \"Five years old, and can't even . . .\" he didn't finish his sentence—he never did. \"Worthless piece of—\" And I tuned him out, listening to my mom as I climbed off of the sofa and rounded the corner to the back of the house, my mind still playing around with the little light that had bounced into my backyard. I slipped into my rainboots and I could still hear my mom and step-dad arguing, my mom's shouts louder than his curse words. \"I can't believe the way you treat her!\" she screamed. \"She's not an animal!\" The sliding door opened, and I slipped into my Blue's Clues rain jacket before heading out into the thunderstorm with small ears pointing out of my hood, following my friend, the lightning and thunder. I giggled as my face was beaded with rain, my hair turning a deeper gold color as I lifted off my hood, my feet dancing across the puddles. But out of the corner of my deep brown eyes, I caught a glimpse of a glow—and being a girl and all—I loved shiny stuff. The glow came from a deep pit, but I was still determined to see what it was. I wanted the shiny thing to be mine. As I kneeled beside a pressured soil that had made contact with something at a high speed, my face seemed to be glowing, and I brushed off all the dirt beneath the soil, my small hands digging into the earth before brushing against a pebble-like texture. My eyes gleamed as I dug out the orb, my hands wrapping around it as the rain patted on it. It was warm, warmer than my own skin. Even in the thunder and rain—it was warm. There seemed to be something alive in it as something swirled and twirled, the turqoise blue and green mixing together—almost like the earth was being put into a snow globe. The orb's size was a bit big for my hands, but not massively big—it was . . . just almost my size. I wiped it off with my jacket sleeve, the dirt seeping away as I pressed my cheek to the warm orb, a single sentence flashing through my mind, my eyes going pale as everything went white. Klaatu Ishnit Semai . . . Niclatio Klaatu's coming . . . for you. After the whisper, came shrieks—directly from inside my house. Review please![Chapter 2] Sorry I havent updated for a while (kinda busy w/school!) Enjoy! She was chosen for a reason. I don't know why. But the orb chose her. For the greater good. I hope that it was right, because we couldn't brear to have a failure. Not another failure . . . like me. ~17 years later~ (P.S.-she's 22 now!) *** I sat alone in the employee's lounge as everyone else huddled in their own conversations, looking back at the loner, giggling at me. What good peers I had. Taking a bite out of the homemade ham and turkey sandwich, I tried to get the meat down my throat after a week without any type of meat at all. \"I heard she's a tree hugger,\" someone muttered. \" Everything she owns contributes to the environment.\" \"So?\" Another girl snapped. \"Most things everyone owns contributes to the environment.\" \"But not everything .\" \"She probably grew up with parents scared of that apocalypse the world nearly had 20 or so years ago.\" \"Have you seen her work area?\" \"Yeah, it has a whole bunch of digital picture frames and the pictures are of the incident and the aliens from that decade!\" Okay, so what they're saying is true , but it's not like I'm an . . . alien or something. I'm just . . . very interested in them because of that orb I found when I was 5 years old. And that was the exact date that my family was killed—when our house caught on fire. Everything was lost, but my mother's emerald ruby necklace and some other invaluables, which hung on my neck at every second of the day. And even through foster care, I managed to survive—despite the bullies and snobby girls. Here I was again. Twirling my finger around the square-cut jewel, I stood up, the chair beneath me squeaking as I pitched my lunch into the garbage, slamming the door shut behind me. So , here I am. Sophie Joanne Quilla . Living in a small city of Manhattan, New York, right in the middle of where the 'alien attack' was. I know—fun. Lucky enough for me, I wasn't born when the alien attack occurred—I was born a day after. Just my luck . But I wished that people would just stop bothering me about the way I lived. I have a home run by solar power and hydroelectricity, an efficient computer powered and charged by the sun that also serves as my TV, DVD player, radio and came with a digital camera powered by the sun, and an iPod. And my car—a very old 2017 Ford Mustang with racing stripes was powered by electricity. It was who I was! I couldn't help it that I was so conservative. It's a miracle we survived that alien attack too, so we might as well be taking their advice and change the way we were. \"Sophie—I need you to write an article about the 22nd anniversary of the alien invasion,\" Mr. Donovan threw me a notepad, a single address scrawled down. \"Helen and Jacob Bensen. Heroes of that day.\" \"Yes, Mr. Donovan,\" I smiled at him and took my tape recorder, considering myself lucky that I had an hour to plan what I was going to say to my childhood role model. Slipping my keys into the ignition, I threw everything into the passenger seat, smiling at the necklace that seemed to glow. As I cranked up the volume to my favorite song, I screeched off, leaving the 20 story building to follow my dream. *** When the door finally opened, I sighed, trying to hold in my fan-based terror. The man in front of me nodded, and that was enough to knock me off of my reporter feet. He had an afro that was tied into a ponytail, and his dark, glazed skin seemed smooth. Jacob Bensen. \"Thanks for coming, Sophie,\" he gestured me in. \"My mother values the way you take your time to interview her.\" \"You know my name,\" I closed my eyes as the smell of cinnamon and pies filled my nose. \"It's no bother at all.\" Jacob smiled. \"A fan, I see.\" \"You have no idea .\" I clicked the tape into the tape recorder, sitting on a sofa, across from Helen Benson. She was now, almost 50 years old, but she still had the adventurer look to her. Her green eyes had darkened a bit with age, and her hair was tied back, now only a dull brown color, her arms crossed around in a wheelchair. \"Hello, Sophie,\" she said, handing me a cup of tea. I pressed the button on the tape recorder, sighing. \"So, Ms. Benson,\" I started. \"What would you like to talk about? What was that day like?\" \"Well,\" she took a sip out of the cup, \"nobody expected Klaatu to be . . . human or have a human host —but I believe that even if he was an alien—he could change—prevent the apocalypse . . .\" And then I was reliving a dream I'd always wanted. *** My finger pressed on the 'Stop Recording' button and I finally gave Ms. Benson a shake of the hand. \"That was . . . wow ,\" I mumbled. \"You're an extraordinary storyteller.\" \"Thank you—I get the skills from Jacob here,\" She patted him on the back. \"But I'd like to know—why did you want to interview me ? Such an old lady like me?\" \"Oh, you don't know how much I admire your encounter with Klaatu,\" I fantasized. \"I'd love to meet him. Especially since I found . . .\" The orb was cupped in my hand, and as I pulled it out, it glowed in my presence. I could hear them gasping as I opened my palm, the familiar warmth making me tingle. \"Mom, it's—\" \"—the sphere.\" I handed it to Helen, and she rubbed her thumb against the surface, sighing as the surface was so familiar to that day. Her eyes were dazed, staring into the distance, pressing her ear to the orb's surface, smiling. \"Where did you find it?\" Jacob muttered. \"I've had it since I was a little girl,\" I said, keeping a careful eye on the orb. \"Can you hear it talking?\" The orb was the only thing I used to talk to when I was a little girl, and it used to talk back to me. I felt special with it, and I never left anywhere with it; the orb was always in my pocket or in my hands. Helen's ear was pressed to the orb, her eyes squinting in confusion. \"Yes,\" she rasped. \"But I can't understand it.\" I mused, my eyebrows raising as I took the orb into my hands, rupping my cheek against it. \"You can't?\" I asked. \"But . . . I can.\" Klaatu syru Kaya. \"Klaatu . . . need . . . Kaya .\" I jumped, nearly dropping my orb as the door shook with momentum. \"Doctor Helen Benson?\" A loud voice boomed. \"Oh, no ,\" she groaned, but with a smile planted on her face. \"It's happening again.\" \" What? \" I cried. \"Grab your coat, Sophie,\" Helen whispered, rolling her wheelchair to the door. \"It's happening again. The spheres have returned.\" Shoving my orb into my bag, I slung it over my shoulder, rushing to open the door for her. The door opened, and a buff , tall man stood outside with sunglasses and a dark suit, an earpiece pressed to his ear. \"Come with us, please ,\" he whispered, gesturing her to the van. I hid my recorder from the man, shoving it into my pocket, wrapping my jacket around me, falling past my waist. The man stopped me. \"She comes with me,\" Helen demanded. \"I want my assistant with me at all times .\" He did a double take at me before nodding, and I pushed her out of the doorway, my pocket rubbing against the door as I heard a click . Sitting beside her in the middle seat, her wheelchair next to mine, she held my hand. I had never had anyone hold my hand before. Not after I was put in foster care. 'Thanks, Helen,\" I smiled at her. \"It's my pleasure.\" Review Please! I'd like to continue this story . . .[Chapter 3] just thought I'd update since one of you guys asked. :) Thanks guys. :) Luv Y'all, but I'm not sure if I'll be able to write anymore. As you see, I haven't been writing for so long. Read the profile for the full explanation. ;( I drew in a deep breath, stepping into the locker room where I locked my orb into a steel locker, typing in the combination again to make sure I got it right. Kissing my orb, I rubbed my cheek against it, making sure my orb was concealed before I closed the door, turning back to get Helen dressed. \"I can do it myself,\" she huffed. \"I'm barely 50 yet.\" Shuffling in the suits, I groaned as they rubbed against my skin, itchy. \"I hate these suits,\" I muttered. \"It's too much, don't you think?\" She shrugged, setting her head gear on her lap, fastening the ear piece. I put my ear piece in, making sure it stayed secure in my ear as I pushed her along, out into the open field of airplanes and C-17's. \"Ms. Benson! It's nice to have you on board!\" A pilot yelled, nodding to us as I wheeled her into the airplane. I strapped her in, then the plane lifted off. I gripped on tight. \"Not really an airplane person, huh?\" A man next to me said, smiling. \"Do you know what this is all about?\" I nodded but didn't care to say anything. He was cute. I liked him. I smiled sheepishly at him. He had his head gear on his lap, his deep brown hair spiked in a cowboy-ish way. His eyes were like an emerald green. \"I'm Mark,\" he extended his hand to me. \"Major in archeology.\" \"Sophie,\" I smiled at him, shaking his hand. \"Journalist for the Manhattan Times.\" \"What's your pseudonym?\" \"Cameron Lysle.\" A bunch of others snickered and my head snapped towards them. They still laughed, loud and mocking. \"You mean the tree hugger?\" \"The one who talks about aliens all the time?\" \"Ignore them,\" Mark snapped. \"They're all conceited and bratty because mommy never let them watch Power Rangers.\" \"We are landing in the Red Zone,\" the pilot announced. Looking outside, there was a large sphere that we were circling, just like a bigger version of my orb. My heart was beating out of my chest, so extremely excited. My first encounter with my dreams. \"I can't believe I'm actually here ,\" I sighed, turning to Helen. \"Thank you so much .\" \"Everyone out !\" We took our radiation detectors with us (not like we were going to use it or anything), making sure the air was clear for their 'traps.' I wheeled Helen out, amazed by what I was witnessing. As we stepped into the fog, surrounding the sphere, Helen made a remark that I heard through her microphone. \"I feel so young again,\" she muttered, smiling. I looked above me, the sphere was just too big for me to even begin to compare. \"Is this how big it was before?\" I asked. \"Maybe bigger.\" Maybe we should have been backing up, because I felt like something . . . there was something that was creeping up my spine. A feeling. \"Helen, do you want to keep going?\" Helen smiled. \"No, I'm fine right where I am,\" she sighed. \"Sophie?\" \"Helen, stay where you are,\" I said, hoping she'd obey. \"All units, stand down, the thing seems to be . . .opening up!\" A bright light shone, like the sun, making my eyes hurt as I saw a shadow-two shadows to be exact-walking towards us. One shadow lingered over the entire sphere, like some sort of protecter of the sphere-a robot. The other was . . . OhMyGod -an alien? Everything was rotating around this entire moment. Every voice that was screaming through my ear was drowned out, slow and slurred. \" All units, ready fire! \" My head snapped around and there was fear on my face, pure fear and nothing else. \" NO !\" I screamed-a bit too irrationally. \"It activates in the presence of violence!\" My head searched the fog for the alien, stepping closer, my senses firing as I extended a hand to it. The red eyes of the robot shot at me, the laser bright and blinding as a soft sound came from it, almost soothing as I smiled. A song of some sort. But to everyone else, the sound was a high pitch that made everyone fall to the ground and all the machinery stop. Above me, I could see a helicopter crashing on top of the sphere, but the sphere was unscathed. The high pitched frequency didn't hurt me, not at all. It was soft and sweet. I could hear all the units screaming in agony. I tried to remember all the things the orb had said to me, piecing words together wasn't easy, you know. I met his alien-like eyes, and I began to speak softly, hoping it could hear me through all the screaming. \"Ni . . . um . . . Niclatio . . . shi . . . nish Klaatu?\" I said at first as the alien almost smiled. You are Klaatu? It nodded, bowing its head only once. \"Klaatu . . . syru . . . Kaya?\" Klaatu need Kaya ? Its' eyes widened, and I could suddenly see it pulled on a smile. It pointed to me. \"Niclatio shia Kaya.\" Obviously, I didn't know what that meant. All I could decipher was You- something- Kaya . It could be anything. You- killed- Kaya? You- have- Kaya? You- ate- Kaya? And the laser stopped beaming, all the units overlapping each others conversations as the song had ceased to sing, and I didn't know what they were planning to do. I could see his skin was starting to defabricate, stretching apart, and I did what Helen had told me.-peel it away-it's like a life source to 'it.' \"Sophie-this is a matter of National Security,\" Helen's voice called. \"Get out while you can.\" \"No,\" I whispered. \"I think it's trying to tell us-\" \" Fire at will!\" Turning around, I could hear the bombard of bullets being shot, and I backed up into Klaatu in fear, our hands touching before everything was black, an excruciating pain searing through my body as I heard a shrill scream escape my lips. Feel free to review on my MAYBE (second to) last update. ","Summary":" 5 years after Klaatu leaves. A fanfic, just for him. (Keanu Reeves)! Read and Review please! I'd lo"},{"Movie":"Last Samurai","Title":"Viet Vo Dao","Author":"DirtyLilSecret21","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8941823","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I HAVE NEVER SEEN THE LAST SAMURAI- I HAVE WATCHED CLIPS AND READ ABOUT IT ON WIKIPEDIA. DON'T JUDGE! Set when Nathan is climbing to the top of a mountain to see the view of the valley Huffing and puffing, Nathan was definitely out of breath. Finally arriving at the peak, he braced his hands on his knees and rested. Seeing another figure, he yelped. Sitting there cross legged was a thin girl with long dark brown hair. She was wearing a dark blue tunic, black fighter's pants, and leather slippers. Lying next to her on the cold ground was a naginta, katana, and three small daggers, all finely made. Nathan finally realized that this girl was meditating. With this knowledge, he tried to smother his heavy breathing with his right hand, unsuccessfully. Deciding on staying there, he looked out over the valley. About five minutes later, he descended the hill. Seeing Katsumoto, he walked up to him. Graham hurried up, ready to translate. \"Who is the girl on the hill?\" Algern asked. \"Mai Nhi Trung.\" Graham translated. \"She is a master in fighting. She will help teach Nobutada to fight with the style of Viet Vo Dao.\" graham continued. \"What is Viet Vo Do?\" Algern asked. \"A type of martial art- it's from Vietnam.\" Graham looked at Algern, who bowed at Katsumoto in reverence. He returned the gesture and walked away. Later in the week, Algern lost heartily to Katsumoto in a sparring match with bamboo katanas. Back at the bungalow, Taka gestured furiously toward Algern with a cleaning sponge. There was a long gash, dripping blood, running down Algern's stomach. \"No,\" Algern said stubbornly. \"It will be fine.\" \"There is a fine line between bravery and idiocy.\" A smooth voice said in English behind him. He turned around- there was a tall girl of about fifteen. She had long brown hair, and deep brown eyes. Her features were American- long nose, full lips, and ear bobs- but her coloring was Southern Asian. \"Plus, bamboo under the skin is never good. Let Mistress Taka clean the wounds.\" She said. \"May I first ask who you are?\" Algern inquired politely. \"I am Mai Nhi Trung of Hanoi, Vietnam. I am a trainer of Nobutada.\" This was the girl Katsumoto had spoken of! \"Pleased to meet you. I am-\" the girl cut him off. \"Nathan Algern. I know. Nobutada won't stop talking about you. And you came up Ieyashi Mountain when I was meditating.\" She continued. How did she know? Algern wondered, puzzled. She laughed. \"Only a non-Asian or one raised without an Asian environment would breathe that loudly,\" she grinned. \"Don't worry. It's preventable...\" Nathan sighed and nodded at Taka. She brought the sponge slowly to his stomach, only to turn bright red. He could feel his own face heating up. \"I'll leave you two lovebirds to it.\" Mai said, then repeated it in Japanese. Taka waved her hand at Mai in mock annoyance. Mai turned to Nobutada and said something else in Japanese. He began to laugh, and the two of them left the room. Taka smiled, and began sponging the wound, avoiding eye contact. Algern walked down to the practice rooms, where sounds of a spar were floating through the bamboo doors. There were Katsumoto and Shun Sugita sparring with bamboo katanas. However, there were others practicing as well. In the far corner was Mai, spinning a live Katana over her head. She was a facing a dummy, constructed out of an unknown material. With two quick slices, the dummy was decapitated and slashes in half diagonally. Algern raised his eyebrows and walked over to her. She replaced to dummy with a fresh one, and rolled up her pant legs and sleeves, revealing two tattoos, in the shape of lungs, Asian dragons. She crouched low, unarmed. With three quick, fluid movements, with what looked like flicking her arms out, she had removed both of the dummy's arms. Spinning around again, she rapidly raised her left arm in front of her face and kicked up quickly, hitting the 'neck'. The dummy's head popped off cleanly. She placed her palms on her thighs and bowed to the beat up dummy. Taking it down, she replaced it and gathered her belongings. As she walked out, Algern joined her. \"Excuse me, Miss Mai?\" Mai didn't have to look up to look him square in the eye- she was very tall. \"Please, just Mai.\" \"Very well. I was wondering ... Maybe you could help me with this whole Asian fighting thing.\" she looked at him curiously. \"I thought that Katsumoto was teaching you swordplay?\" \"Yes, but that does not help me with much of anything besides swordsmanship. I want to learn fighting like a young child would.\" Algern said honestly. \"And I think that you would be able to help me the most.\" \"Alright. I'll help you. Free of charge.\" She said. \"Your first lesson begins now.\" He nodded attentively. \"We are going to walk up Daimyo Path.\" Mai informed him. \"I will talk up in the open.\" After half an hour of walking, Mai stopped walking. \"Here, sit.\" She said, laying down her weapons except for her knives. He looked at her curiously. \"It's a rule of the bushido. Always have a short sword with you. Knives can do.\" \"Oh. What's bushido, exactly?\" Algern had heard of it, but didn't know what it was exactly. \"It's the guidelines for any samurai.\" Mai looked at him, studying his face. \"I see you are serious. Then I will tell you know- do not be afraid of death.\" Algern laughed. \"Don't be afraid of death? What the hell?\" he chortled. She stared at him. \"It is no laughing matter: Ancient samurai went as far as to believe that they were already dead. Thus, they would not live in the shadow of death in a battle.\" she rolled on. \"Dying until the name of you warlord, or daimyo, was a high honor.\" \"Warlord?\" Algern was lost with a capital L! \"Let me explain. You do not know much.\" Mai spread her hands, palms up. \"Ancient samurai were trained to serve their master for life, even dying for them. But their code of honor, which is quite like the Code of Chivalry, states that rushing towards death is not wise- it is a terrible deed. Because then, who will defend your lord?\" \"So the ancient samurai were very hardcore, huh?\" Algern commented. \"Yes. Some samurai went as far as to perform seppuku when their lord died- you do know what seppuku is, right?\" Mai looked at Algern, who nodded. \"Good. Now, the basis of a samurai was discipline. They needed to be constantly aware of their surroundings. They accomplished this by performing meditation and practicing Zen Buddhism.\" she glanced at him. \"Should I meditate?\" Algern asked in wonder. \"It is the only way to sharpen your senses to the extreme.\" Mai informed him. \"It's not easy. It took me five years to master.\" \"Ah, thanks for the support!\" Algern joked. Laughter entered her eyes. \"Ha ha, Algern.\" She smiled at him. \"Please- Nathan.\" \"Alright. Works for me.\" She grinned again. \"Let's begin meditating. You need to focus on your breath. Only your breath...\" Nathan and Mai were in the practice room, practicing Viet Vo Dao with dummies. Mai planted her right foot firmly on the ground. Suddenly, in a whirl of movement, she moved forward steadily. Duck, stab, duck, kick, trip, double jab, elbow in eye, spin with rigid arm out, knock out wind, sock in gut, stamp on foot. Mai stopped, and turned to Nathan. \"Your turn.\" She smiled at him; he gulped. Facing the dummy, he raised his left arm to protect his face like Mai had done, keeping the right arm ready to attack at any split second. \"Now!\" Mai yelled at him. He clunked forward, planting his foot. He tried the first side sweep, and jabbed the left side of the dummy's stomach. \"No!\" Mai stopped him. \"If you deliver a stomach hit, keep it precise. Use two fingers, and find an internal organ. Remember- your goal is generally to kill.\" She then showed him the best areas to hit if you wanted to pop a kidney, or crush a liver. \"Restart.\" Mai gestured at the dummy. Nathan got to the elbow in the eye. For that, one had to spin around, raise the elbow, and pin down the exact spot. It was very crucial in a death spar- it blinded the opponent. Nathan couldn't both spin and raise his elbow at the same time. \"Clumsy white man,\" one of the Japanese soldiers who spoke English muttered. Mai glared at him. \"Would you like to try that again or move on?\" Mai looked at him. Nathan was taken back when he saw her expression. She seemed to be challenging him, as if to be proving that he was going to give up on the elbow jab. Nathan decided that he was going to master it no matter what happened. A/N this is my first fanfic! Please review! Thank you so much! Remember, I've never seen The Last Samurai; I've only seen clips and read about it on Wikipedia. Peace out, DirtyLilSecret ","Summary":" I HAVE NEVER SEEN THE LAST SAMURAI- I HAVE WATCHED CLIPS AND READ ABOUT IT ON WIKIPEDIA. DON'T JUDG"},{"Movie":"Last Samurai","Title":"Kare wa Nobutadadesu( He is Nobutada)","Author":"Servant of Fire","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9997871","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Kare wa Nobutadadesu(He is Nobutada) Kare wa Nobutadadesu, Kare ga watashi no yuiitsu no musukodearu (He is Nobutada, he is my only son.) His mouth is full of blood, Of his blood, Of my blood,.. \"Father, let me stay...It is my time.\" What can a father do? I remember all the times he said this very thing, A child learning to ride, \"Father, let me try. \" A child learning the way of the bow. \"Father, let me try.\" A child becoming a man before my eyes. Out-growing my arms. Standing now on swaying legs eye to eye with me, falling \"asleep\" on his feet. What is a father to do, but try and grant the wish of his only child? He always had simple wishes. \"Father, let me try.\" He had always learned to accept life as it flowed to him. Like water in the stream. Like the one English phrase he knew. \"Jolly good.\" Which is a way of saying all is well. And now he is asking me one more more simple wish. And that is to let him lead his destiny, to the end. \"Father, let me stay...\" And so, I grant his wish. I am honored to grant his last wish. And I glimpse back.I see him readying himself. His knives come out. I hear his last cries. My heart misses a beat just as it did, when I heard his very first cries. Kare wa Nobutadadesu, Kare ga watashi no yuiitsu no musukodearu (He is Nobutada. He is my only son) I see him run. I have seen a legend come into being. I witness the fall of a great warrior, as he charges like the dying tiger into the shots, like an eagle into the sun. Kare wa Nobutadadesu, Kare ga watashi no yuiitsu no musukodearu, ( He is Nobutada , he is my only son...) ","Summary":" Kare wa Nobutadadesu(He is Nobutada) Kare wa Nobutadadesu, Kare ga watashi no yuiitsu no musukodear"},{"Movie":"Last Samurai","Title":"(furry story) wrath of the clans (part 1 of 3)","Author":"SladeTheBlueFox","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12327785","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Wrath Of The Clans Slade was in the lead of his small army of samurais him and his Blood brothers Jax and Shadow wanted revenge on the shogun's murder they had searched in months and finally tracked the murder down when they found the murder they did not hesitate they charged the murder of the shogun but the murder had a army hidden in the nearby forest and their footsteps could be heard in the distance Slade Jax and Shadow was in the lead of their small army the murder of the shogun drew a red bladed katana and charged Slade Jax and Shadow and their small army head on the murder killed all the men except Slade jax and Shadow the murder took the mask revealing who it was Yuri what the fuck did you kill the shogun Slade said Yuri responded I was hired to do it Shadow yelled why did you kill our men Yuri walked close up close to Shadow and looked him in his eyes and said they where weak and didn't stood a change anyway Yuri laughed so Shadow what are you gonna do Yuri said I'm gonna slice your throat Shadow Yelled Slade interrupted Shadow and yelled Shadow shut the fuck up or I'm gonna make you Shadow laughed oh really Slade you're gonna make me shut up ? Slade replied yeah I am remember when we fought hand to hand combat ? huh Shadow yeah that's right I kicked your ass Yuri interrupted Slade um guys There is an army that I'm allied in and they are on their way to kill you but I am willing to help you if you can trust me Jax Said yeah right we are clearly gonna trust you after what you did Slade interrupted Jax and said Jax and Shadow I have something to tell both of you Yuri was my friend when we where young but we got in an argument and we stopped seeing each other the sound of foot steps of the other clan got louder Yuri said follow me I know a secret path they all followed Yuri to a cave and they all walked inside Yuri said this cave has a path that leads to the village of foxes Slade said my childhood home Yuri replied yes Slade where me and you used to play in the Forrest r-remember Slade. Slade Said yes Yuri but lets get going shall we they all agreed and walked deeper inside the cave after a while they finally reached the village of foxes Shadow said Slade you grew up here right. Slade replied yeah why Shadow. Shadow replied I'm thirsty so I was wondering of there's an inn nearby. Slade replied there is right over there. Slade pointed at the inn. Shadow said thanks Slade. Slade replied your welcome Shadow. All of a sudden the army that Yuri served raids the village of foxes Slade Shadow and Jax drew their weapons and charged them Jax Slade and Shadow Defeated Every man in the army. a samurai covered black mist comes riding on his horse and stops infront of Jax Slade And Shadow the samurai removed the helmet. it was a female feline. Slade looked at her and said. w-who are you. the female feline replied. im Ash. Slade looked at Ash and said. are you gonna kill us or what are you gonna do. Ash replied. im here to serve one that are willing to pay the right price. Slade Asked. whats your price. Ash replied. you cant aford it. Shadow said. are you willing to help us or not. Slade interupted Shadow. Shadow Shut up. Shadow Said. why Slade. the sound of loud foot steps could be heard inside the cave it was more soldiers from the clan Yuri used to serve. the samurais got out of the cave and charged Slade Jax Shadow Yuri and Ash. Slade yelled. ATTACK and everyone attacked the army. but the hostile army got slain after a while. Jax howled loudly as a river of blood passed through the village. Slade said lets keep going before more soldiers shows up. they all agreed. Ash said. i would recomend going to the dragon mountain we would be safe up there. lets go Slade said. they walked to the dragon mountain. after two days they finally made it to the top of dragon mountain and they decided to set up a camp on the mountain. Slade sharpened his red bladed dragon forged katana. Ash walked over to Slade and sat down beside Slade. Ash asked. is your blade powerfull ? Slade responded. yes it contains the souls of every enemy i have slain and each life it takes makes my blade stronger. Ash responded sounds like you are a skilled warrior Slade. Slade placed his sword on the ground and asked. Ash it looks like you freeze. Ash responded. i do. Slade moved close to ash and warped his arm around her and said. i can keep you warm if you want me to. Ash started to giggle. thank you Slade Ash said. no problem Slade said. Ash and Slade started to snuggle on the ground until they both fell asleep. as the sun stood high in the sky the sound of birds could be heard in the distance of the fedual japan. Slade woke Ash up by petting her behind her ears and he said. wake up sleepy head and smiled. g-good morning Ash said and hugged Slade tightly. slept well Sladey. S-sladey. Slade said and looked confused at Ash. yeah i called you Sladey whatcha gonna do about it are you gonna fight me ?. Ash said and giggled. well Ash Slade said. Jax Shadow and Yuri are still sleeping so. Slade Started to giggle as Slade rubbed Ash behind the ears. Ash began to purr loudly and rolled around on the ground. Slade said oh you like that dont you and giggled. Shadow and Jax looked out of their tents Shadow yelled what the fuck are you doing you are waking everyone up for fuck sake. Slade and Ash both looked at Shadow. Shadow why so angry. Slade said. because you are waking me Jax and Yuri up go fuck somewhere else. Shadow said. Slade stood up and walked close to Shadow and said. Shadow do you want to fight because we both know im stronger than you. Slade said. Shadow tried to push Slade but Slade Grabed Shadow and held him tight and Slade opened his mouth and placed his saber teeths to Shadow's skull. Shadow started to beg for mercy. Slade threw Shadow on the ground. Shadow looked at Slade and said. what the fuck you have saber teeth b-but you are a fox. Slade looked at Shadow and said. im a hybrid im half fox and half cat i thought you knew Shadow. Slade helped Shadow up and said. sorry Shadow. Shadow responded its ok Slade we are and will allways be blood brothers. Ash interupted them. we should get going im kinda cold and we are gonna freeze to death up here if we stay up here. Slade walked over to Ash and hugged her. Ash began to purr as she felt Slades body warmth. Slade looked Ash deep in her eyes and asked. where to now Ash ?. Ash replied. we are close to where i killed a traitor he called himself an ally of the clan i serve but he betrayed me and we fought near the oda river but anyway lets keep going shall we ?. they all walked to the oda river but some wolf boys stood there and looked at them when Slade asked. what are some worthless criminals doing here and drew hes katana. are you gonna kill me the wolf boy in the front said. Slade replied if you try anything then yes. the other wolf boys ran away. hey come back you bastards the wolf boy said. oh your so called freinds left you they are nothing but laughed. an arrow flew through the air and got the wolf right in the head. WHO THE FUCK IS SHOOTING Shadow yelled. a red male feline jump down from a tree and said. i am Zark im an archer i never miss my target and that wolf he was a target. Slade said we need an archer like you Zark if you are willing to join us. Zark said sure i join you. Slade said. great. Zark said i know a place we can be safe for the night. Jax said. show us. Zark started walking and they all followed Zark to the village of cats. as they walked trough the village the sound of cat ninjas jumping on the tree branches could be heard. a cat wearing a black ninja robe covered in black mist jumped down infront of Zark and asked. what are outsiders doing in our village. Zark replied they are my guests. the masked cat walked close to Zark and said they arent welcome in our temples understand Zark. Zark replied its the grandmasters choice not yours Ra'su. Ra'su replied dont say my name infront of outsiders understand. Ra'su looked at Zark with pure rage in hes eyes. Slade walked infront of Ra'su and said Ra'su if you touch Zark im gonna slay you with this. Slade drew hes red bladed dragon forged katana. Ra'su looked at it and asked nervously how did you get your paws on a dragon forged katana. Slade replied i got chosen to wield this blade. Ra'su said oh sorry you arent just an outsider you and your freinds are welcome in our temple. Zark said come on freinds. they followed Zark to the grandmasters throne room. they stoped infront of the throne. Zark said grandmaster i brought some new freinds i hope its ok they stay here for a while. the grandmaster said. sure Zark everyone is welcome here. Slade said. thanks grandmaster. and kneeled. the grandmaster stood up and walked over to Slade and said. you dont need to show respect to me samurai. Slade stood up and said. why not. The grandmaster replied. you wield the a blade forged by dragons so you already earned my respect. Slade replied. thanks grandmaster. the sound of screams could be heard from the village. Slade and Zark ran outside the temple and saw that the wolf clan had started a masacre in the cat village. Slade said. the village is under attack i offer my blade to serve you grandmaster. Slade Shadow Ash Jax Zark and Yuri ran down to the village when they reached the wolf clan the leader in the group of the wolf clan laughed and said. you are outnumbered you never stand a change against us. Slade yelled. why are you here. the leader said. we are looking for you Slade now that we found you we are gonna kill you. Slade drew hes katana and charged the leader. to be continued ","Summary":" Wrath Of The Clans Slade was in the lead of his small army of samurais him and his Blood brothers J"},{"Movie":"Last Samurai","Title":"The Bloody War","Author":"Hooters5","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3565016","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The BloodynWar Prologue: Lovely,ngreen hills and cherry blossoms appear. This is also known as Japan. Narration: Some say thentale of the \"Last Samurai\" is nonsense. But I say thisntale should be retold time and time again through all generation ofnman. It all started with the war between Japan and the Americans. My Story: The war had started byna conflict between two nations. The Americans and the Japanese! Thenconflict was about power, land, ownership, and who belongs where. ThenAmericans was lead by General Lee. General Lee had served in thenmilitary for 20 years and had powerful, successful strategies. ThenJapanese were lead by their king Katsumoto. Katsumoto has been kingnfor most of his life. The battle between the two nations cared onnuntil night. General Lee had lost the battle and lost his bestnsoldier. John Stewart who was a Lieutenant and was captured by thenJapanese. King Katsumoto lost his best warrior Domo Tahoma. DomonTahoma had a wife and two sons. His wife was Katsumoto's sister.nKnow how Domo Tahoma died no one knows except for those who werenthere. Groan said JohnnStewart were am I? What is this place? he says to himself. \"Heynsleepy head get up we need to get going\" said one of Katsumoto'snsoldiers. \"The king would like to have a word with you\". As JohnnStewart was guided through part of Japan to see the king he couldn'tnhelp but notice the scenery. What he saw were beautiful flowers,ngrassy plains, benches, and mountains. As he looked around he noticednsomething on the mountain. He couldn't quiet see what it was afterna short period of time. John Stewart saw a person on top of thenmountain ready to jump at an altitude of 5,000 feet from the Earthsnsurface. He warned the warrior what he saw on the mountain. But thensoldier did absolutely nothing. \"HEY! Aren't you going to donanything.\" Said John Stewart. The Japanese warrior turned aroundnsharply while pulling out his sword. \"First off don't yell at menor I'll take your head off so fast as if it were mushu pork!\"nsaid the brave soldier. \"Secondly that is the wishing mountain.nWhoever jumps off that mountain has their wish granted. Understood\".n\"Yes. Sorry I did not know.\" John Stewart pronounced. \"Well younknow now\". Said the warrior. After a long period ofntime they had finally arrived at the king's palace (house). Thensoldier continued to guide John Stewart to the tea room. When theynarrived there was a certain unusual sound in the room. Almost as ifnit were a gun shattered. As the soldier knocked on the bamboo doornJohn Stewart saw something even more beautiful then anything he hasnever seen. Katsumoto's younger sister Taka. Unfortunately he wasndisrupted by a yell. \"You may bring him in Yoshima!\" SaidnKatsumoto to his trustful warrior. As John Stewart stepped in afternYoshima he saw what all the noise was. It was the crashing of the teanpot that was thrown by none other then Katsumoto. \"Was that all thenruckus I heard in hear?\" asked Yoshima. After a long pausenKatsumoto finally answered. \"Yes my dearest nephew that was all thenruckus.\" Announced Katsumoto with some pride in his voice. At whatnthe king had said to the warrior aroused John Stewart. He would nevernhave expected this in his life. After a short period of timenKatsumoto broke the silence. \"You may leave my nephew.\" AnnouncednKatsumoto with a little bit of sarcasm. It seems King Katsumotonseems he is not intrigued to talk with an American. said JohnnStewart to himself. \"So what is your name, because I know younalready know mine.\" Said Katsumoto after his nephew was far fromnhearing range. But John Stewart kept to himself. \"You know it isnvery rude to not answer when spoken to.\" \"I know but my name isnmy business. So why did you send me hear on this long journey to yournhome?\" asked John Stewart with a puzzled look on his face. \"Inwill answer your question if you answer mine first.\" CompromisednKatsumoto after a sip of green tea. \"Okay my name is John Stewartnand I am a Lieutenant in General Lee's army.\" Protested JohnnStewart. ","Summary":" The BloodynWar Prologue: Lovely,ngreen hills and cherry blossoms appear. This is also known as Japa"},{"Movie":"Last Samurai","Title":"Kansei","Author":"Samuraiko","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3418323","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Note: I didn't even realize that there was a 'Last Samurai' category on here. But this little story came to me at work, so here it is. Just a vignette of one of Algren and Katsumoto's \"conversations.\" The title, \"Kansei,\" refers to a kanji that means a number of different things... among them are completion, accomplishment... and perfection. Kansei \"I am curious... why do you suppose that the gods did not make all blossoms perfect?\" Katsumoto asked of Algren without turning around, recognizing the captain's steps approaching from behind. \"Why should they have?\" Algren asked, stepping beside Katsumoto and looking up at the gently blooming flowers. \"We're not perfect... why should cherry blossoms be?\" \"You do not believe in perfection?\" The samurai seemed surprised as he turned to look at his Western guest. \"In anything?\" Algren thought about that one for a while. In the months that he had been here, he had seen how the samurai devoted themselves absolutely to the notion of perfection... be it the quiet serenity of the tea ceremony, a sword kata at dusk, or even Taka's gentle care of her flower garden. \"I believe in perfection...\" the American said at last, his voice quiet, almost tinged with regret. \"I just don't believe it to be attainable.\" \"Ah,\" Katsumoto said wisely, nodding. \"Now you have grasped the first half of a very important truth. Perfection is unattainable.\" Algren waited, but Katsumoto seemed content to leave the statement at that. \"What's the other half?\" he asked finally. Katsumoto was standing on his tiptoes to peer at another flower. \"That just because it is unattainable, does not mean you should not strive for it anyway.\" Algren laughed suddenly, his face transformed to that of a much younger man. \"You do not laugh very often, Captain,\" Katsumoto said with a smile, turning around to study his guest once more. \"But when you do, you laugh from your soul. Very samurai of you.\" Algren shook his head, grinning, his long hair brushing his shoulders. \" Iie . I'm no samurai. I'm just a gaijin who looks for meaning in a world where there is none.\" \"Now that is where you have missed a very important truth,\" Katsumoto said, his voice gently scolding. \"There is a good deal of meaning in the world. But you must know where to look. A man who sits at the bottom of the well will never know much of the sky.\" \"You think I'm at the bottom of a well?\" Algren was amused at the idea. The tall samurai shrugged. \"Or a bottle.\" Algren went still. \"You knew about that?\" Katsumoto shrugged again, turning away and resuming his walk along the garden path, leaving Algren to follow as he chose. \" Hai . I could hear it in your screams, as your body purged its need and sorrow and helplessness... you sought oblivion, as do all warriors. But you were not afraid to die, or to kill, because you had never known what it meant to live. That is not good karma.\" Algren had learned a little about the notion of karma from his earlier talks with Katsumoto. \"Why not?\" \"You must know life in order to live it, to take it, and to lose it.\" \"Know life?\" \" Hai . Savor every breath, every sense... seek out perfection, though you may never find it. The purity of death and the purity of life are not all that different. When you learn that... then, you will learn what it means to be samurai.\" Algren wished he could learn, but even in this tranquil place, he doubted it. \"And if I don't learn?\" Katsumoto shrugged, but his eyes were bright with amusement. \"Then there is always your next life.\" \"As a cherry blossom?\" Algren suggested, and Katsumoto laughed aloud, sending showers of the blossoms down around them both. ","Summary":" Note: I didn't even realize that there was a 'Last Samurai' category on here. But this little story"},{"Movie":"Last Samurai","Title":"Ying and Yang, Body and Mind","Author":"Dark Glass Marionette","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6184191","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: Ahoy, first story in this category. I had never seen the film until this year (I was a chibi back then) and I was marvelled at it. And so, this spawns a fanfiction piece. Enjoy!^^ Winter, 1876 My time with these people doesn't seem to end... not that I want it to, though. On one hand, I miss the hectic urban cores, I miss feeling my own culture enveloping me, I miss sensing and perceiving things, smells and tastes from our Western world that were so familiar to me and that I sometimes rejected. On the other, I have grown accustomed to the Japanese culture, their language, their ambient. There's something unusual in this remote village, something that either I cannot comprehend or I haven't yet opened my eyes to. And though I may forever be a stranger to them, a gaijin , I dare say I could fit in... if I can learn more about them. There is still much I have to understand; perhaps I speak sooner than I should. Nevertheless, every day brings a new discovery, a new lesson, a new word, a new scenery; every day, I feel better than the previous day, I feel at ease. That doesn't mean it all goes away overnight, but it seems this place is doing some good to me. I'm still troubled by my nightmares, in which I always see the same scenery. Conversations with Katsumoto are more than frequent now; I seldom see a day reach its end without having shared from minutes to hours with this man. From every sentence, I learn something new; apparently, he has found a way to incorporate lessons and teachings into his words, a way that renders me unable to tell them apart. More and more he asks me about my world, more and more he becomes interested in my customs, and it is through his interest that I constantly notice how different yet how alike we both are. We are both intrigued by each other and their worlds, we continue to explore them every day, and he seems to grasps concepts of my world more easily than I grasp those of his own. I believe we're nearing the time when our most popular and perhaps renowned custom takes place: Christmas. It'd feel odd to explain what it means and the reason behind it, but I'm willing to give it a try, even if it's the smallest of them. Also, perhaps I can be allowed and exception and I may be able to celebrate it in the most surreptitious of ways. I have also attempted to grasp a concept of the way of the samurai, the Bushido : many have been the times when I have tried to meditate. Surprisingly, since I started seeking my own place within this unusual society, I have adopted many wonts the people have. When it comes to mediation, I have always searched for a tranquil place among the almost infinite trees of the forest, and I have yet to fail in finding it. I look for peace and calm -disregarding the company of my \"bodyguard\"- and though I don't obtain it as much as I would like, I still get my share. Little by little, the storm inside me falls dormant. This place is powerful enough to have brought me to a state of admiration towards it. I somehow... pray for this to last a few moments longer, but I know it is impossible. Sooner or later, things will change. x x x I was once more beset by a sleepless night, ridden of bad dreams, unrest and awe. I couldn't close my eyes without seeing myself among the dreadful scenery at the Washita river; they were images it'd be impossible to get rid of unless I had a bullet through my head. Tossing and turning in attempts to find a decently comfortable position didn't help me calm down and I eventually stopped when I realized how silent the house was save for the rustle of my clothes. That, and how in vain it all proved to be. I then stood up in silence, stretched and slid the door open enough so that I could sneak past it without any sound. I walked as stealthily as I could, with the notion of a pair of eyes staring right at the back of my head. Though Taka was a light sleeper, either she was soundly asleep this time or she was indeed awake and did not pay any heed to me; she knew my night strolls were frequent. And so, this was another one of them. The same moment I stepped foot on the tatami outside, I realized I hadn't picked up anything to protect myself against winter nights' scathing cold. In resignation, I started walking towards the training field where I had been initiated into kenjutsu , the art of the sword, by my very reluctant teacher, Ujio. He is close to ruthless with the bokken and though nevertheless fair, I lacked the chances to recover from my aches and bruises after every practice. Mostly it was my persistence and his hardness, not a very recommendable combination when your mind starts telling you to end the pain. For me, learning as much as I could about the Bushido was important, despite I lacked years of training and wisdom, and I also discussed it with Nobutada sometimes, though he excels at the way of the bow, or k yūdō . As I thought of this, I let my mind wander and think about his words: \"No mind.\" It was true. The times I had gone into battle, I had thought whilst fighting, carefully planning my moves and course of action against my opponents so as to avoid death or fatal injuries. The samurai, on the other hand, seemed to rely on instinct and perception, having sharpened their senses to extents I could've never imagined. It also seemed they relied on their sword and its accuracy and sharpness. It was like the sword itself guided the warrior: the only thing he had to do was put his trust on the sword and on his own skills to handle it. No skill, no balance. I couldn't describe it yet. I stared at the valley below, covered in a thick layer of snow; at the winding road that led deeper into the valley, at the green scenery before me. Contrary to what I had been used to seeing in the West, like hectic streets and tall buildings and an excessive amount of people that wandered through the avenues and streets at night, there were merely five to seven villagers around completing -or perhaps starting- whatever task they had set their eyes on. I sighed, then was forced to draw in a long and slow breath to try loosening the knot on my gut. There were so many things roaming my mind that I found it impossible to put them into order, so I walked away and treaded uphill, headed for the path that led out of the village. At my first destination, I found the person who I was least expecting to see: Higen. I stopped on my tracks and bowed, not before noticing a neatly folded garment in his arms, and then the youngster imitated my action. Despite being a young boy, perhaps no older than fourteen, I could barely read his expression: I doubted whether it was worry or distrust that which was etched across his features. Hesitant, and making use of my little knowledge of Japanese grammar and vocabulary, I asked, \" Nani o shite iru desu ka, Higen-san? \" I had to admit my pronunciation still needed to be worked on, so I was surprised that Higen understood me. \" Aruguren-san wa uchi no naka ni imasen deshita, \" Higen told me, something I took my time to understand. \"Dakara... \" For some reason I couldn't make out, I had the feeling that the boy was somehow uneasy when around me and in situations like that one, so I pushed no further. I wondered if he had indeed become worried about me and had left his bed just to look for me; I had already spent almost three months among them, still not enough time for them to trust me entirely. Instead, I smirked and remained looking at him. Higen seemed to snap out of some reverie, because he quickly bowed once more and offered me what he had in his hands. I held it in front of me: it was the haori I was given early in winter, a garment I kept stashed in a place only I knew of. Then, it struck me: if that was the case, how come he'd found it? Then again, it was his house; no wonder he knew it like the back of his hand. \" Anata no haori o mottekimashita, \" he claimed, his tone somehow nervous. \" Dômo, \" I said, dipping my head at him. I allowed myself to be comical with him this time. \" Kedo, hitsuy ō dewa nai .\" I crouched in front of him, tilting my head in a questioning manner, and I was glad Higen caught my hint. He smiled lightly and imitated my expression. \" Hontô ni? \" he asked me, both of us noticing how my hands were shaking. It was freezing out there and Higen didn't seem to notice despite he was wearing 'night-clothes' or a yukata , or so he had told me once. Dismissing his good-humor but not making it disappear, I slipped on the haori and immediately shivered, much to Higen's amusement. \" Kaerinasai, Higen. Osoi da, \" I told him, not unkindly. I wasn't the one to take up a fatherly role for him and Magojiro, neither I was the most appropriate candidate, but I sensed they were in need of someone else aside their mother. We all got along well so far but despite that hunch I had, I was no more than a friend to them, and like such I considered myself. \" Aruguren-san wa? \" \" Mōsugu ni ikimasu, \" I replied. Higen bowed once more and briskly made his way home as I followed him with my eyes. Perhaps I wouldn't be returning as soon as he was expecting, perhaps I wouldn't even go back till morning, but I didn't know yet. For starters, I crossed my arms and tucked my hands beneath them as I resumed my walk towards the path. What small glimpse I got of it helped me see it was covered with frost, the frozen plants glistening under the moonlight. I wasn't very keen of all poetry-related things -if photography was one of them, that is- but I wished I had a camera on me. I was oblivious to what a photographer's job was, but it would've been worth a try. I strolled alone for what it seemed hours, revisiting places where I had been few times, enveloped by a strange sense of eerie stillness. The only sounds I was able to hear was the snow crunching under my sandals and my slow breathing, which made me pick up another sound close to me, very similar to crunching snow, and I wasn't surprised when I stopped and the footsteps followed suit. \"How long have you been following me?\" I asked to the person behind me. I turned and found myself face-to-face with the man I was least expecting to see out of bed. \"You could say I have been observing you, but your words are also correct,\" said Katsumoto. There was always this tinge of amusement and interest in his voice whenever he talked to me, as if he was waiting for me to make a mistake so that he could find his chance to correct it. Perhaps it was the same with me. \"What should I say about that?\" I remarked, half a smile on my face. Then I bowed, my arms firm against my sides, and stood straight. He merely dipped his head at me and neared my position. For a moment I remained silent, clearly noticing how intently he was studying me, actions at which I made no comments. I would say I was like a brand new toy, one that had been considered dangerous for a very long time. His face suddenly changed, his eyes gleaming in a way I hadn't seen before. \" Sanpo shimashō ka? \" It was then that I knew why the sudden change in his expression. My mind went blank, I didn't know what to say at that question since its meaning was unknown to me. Something about 'doing' clicked, but the phrase was impossible to understand given my slack grasp on the language. Katsumoto's features creased slightly as he smiled at me, contemplating my puzzled and confused look. He gestured forward with his hand, making me understand that which he had asked me. We started walking in silence until I inquired, \"What did you ask me back there?\" \"If you wanted to go on a stroll, nothing more,\" Katsumoto replied, simple. He then said, \"I was hoping you'd understand, but it seems you're only aware of the basic concepts.\" \"I'm afraid so,\" I admitted. \"I'm not a linguist, so I don't have a lot of skill to adapt to new languages. Still, I have to say that once I get used to it, it's going with the flow and talking. Nobutada sometimes helps with my... education,\" I said, making emphasis on 'education' air-quoting. \"And I trust it is going well so far?\" \"Steady, yes.\" I arched an eyebrow. \"Why the sudden interest on my well-being?\" I asked, half-incredulous. \"Why, you are our guest, of course,\" Katsumoto said, looking at me this time. I shook my head. \"Nah, I'm no guest. I'm a mere gaijin here who-\" \"-is trying to make his own room among us, correct?\" he completed for me, a ghost of a smile across his face. \" Gaijin or not, you are adapting well. Do not dismiss your efforts, for they are impossible to hide. I see you trying every day; why would you have lifted up a bokken against Ujio if you didn't want to learn? I believe you have found a reason to join us.\" \"Society-wise, you say?\" I asked, and Katsumoto nodded. \"Perhaps I have, I don't know yet. I don't know if it's something I haven't opened my eyes to or something I can't understand, but I feel compelled to. It's not just because of what I feel, but of what I need: I wouldn't have understood a single word of one of Ujio-san's fighting lessons if it wasn't for my need to understand.\" \"I see.\" \"I may find my place in here, maybe not. Time will tell,\" I said in the end, \"but for now, I want to keep on learning. There's not a single day when I haven't discovered something new.\" \"As it usually happens when you face new cultures,\" Katsumoto agreed as I looked down at the ground. It reminded me of his situation. \"I suppose it happens the same with you?\" He smiled. \"It does. I know all we have talked about in our conversations is only a small part of what your world is made of, and my interest is still piqued.\" I nodded, silent. \"So is mine,\" I then said, \"because there's something I have to know, or be aware of at least. I don't suppose I'll understand it immediately.\" \"What's that you want to know?\" Katsumoto asked, slowing down the pace. I thought my words carefully; even I doubted I'd manage to get the question out of my mind without using the correct words. \"It's about something Nobutada once told me when training,\" I began. \"He slightly told me off for having too many things in mind, like watching my sword, my enemy and the people around me. Eventually, in his own way, he told me I had no reason to care about such things, as if they were that which made me lose my focus.\" \"You wonder how is it that samurai fight in that case, yes?\" Katsumoto inquired, still amused. It was incredible that out of such a little explanation he could make out all that was roaming my mind. But the stranger here was me, not him, so whatever questions I had, I was sure he had had them too. \"Do you read minds?\" I joked, looking up at him with a light smile. \"You have the questions every young samurai has, captain, so you're predictable,\" he said casually. \"I never doubted that,\" I admitted. \"I was once told that a samurai's sword was his soul, and I can't help but wonder if it's instinct and perception what you fight with. I've seen how a samurai's skills are honed every day, but it doesn't seem paying attention to what's around you is something to have in mind.\" We were already walking down the slope that led to the temple and the scenery, to say the least, was splendid. I left my parents' farm when I was seventeen and during my childhood, I had witnessed how the environment around us changed every winter when the first snows fell. For a moment I thought of my last winter there, when I had gone trekking one Sunday morning and I didn't return until the next. I had known many sceneries and peaceful spots around the mountains, but none could compare to this. Katsumoto gradually stopped; I followed suit, then he looked up at the frozen trees. \"I take it you've seen a ying-yang amulet some time?\" \"A few,\" I said, frowning, \"only in illustrations.\" \"Sometimes,\" Katsumoto began, \"the amulets are divided into both halves, the black and the white, and each one is given to people who are close to each other, be it by marriage or friendship. Do you know what happens when you join both halves again?\" \"They form one again,\" I replied without thinking, knowing that it was an obvious question. But perhaps he was looking for obvious answers; I was convinced that this slow way of reasoning was for me to reach some kind of conclusion. \"That is exactly what it is between a samurai and his sword,\" he said. \"Unlike you might have thought, a sword and its wielder don't work separately. When both are still, the connection is severed, but when they fight, they work as one.\" Katsumoto looked at me, his dark gaze intense and piercing, somehow scolding. \"That is not what you do when fighting, is it?\" I lowered my head and looked at the snow, then slowly nodded. \"No mind,\" I uttered like at the beginning of every kendo practice. \"I can't quite understand yet, though.\" \"You still have a lot of time left here,\" said Katsumoto. \"I've seen you're a fast learner, but you mustn't rush it. Not everything is learnt overnight.\" I remained thinking about what Katsumoto had said but as I reasoned, I felt sleep taking over once more. Last day's practice had been long, intense and restless, not to mention the practices with Nakao which left me with more bruises and aches that I would like. I remembered that Nobutada and Higen had also been there, and that I had also gotten beaten up because of my lack of focus. Though I could sense I was getting better after each day, I also felt I was one step behind everyone, even the non-initiated to Bushido . \"Your sword is not merely a tool,\" Katsumoto told me, bringing me back to reality. That possibly summed up many of my reasonings and made a lot of other doubts disappear, but then I wondered... \"And when you take a life, you yourself take it and not just your weapon?\" I asked aloud. \"Is that what it's all about?\" It was a frightening thought in itself, but also comforting. The reason why was yet unknown to me. \"When you take a life, you must have a reason to do so,\" said Katsumoto. I went stiff, having been reminded of the many entries I had written in my notebook about senseless campaigns against the Indians. The first one that inevitably came to mind was the one at the Washita river. Katsumoto had already asked about them, but not so indirectly. \"You've kept reading about the Blackfeet?\" \"Blackfeet?\" Katsumoto echoed. \"The Indians,\" I said, smirking. \"You already know I once killed without a reason, and not just once maybe, but that is just a small part of what's happened.\" \"I will leave that topic for another conversation,\" Katsumoto claimed, dipping his head at me. I frowned yet again, surprised and suspicious, but I had to agree: not even I would've been able to tell him about all I'd done through the years. I didn't know how long I had been wandering around, but I decided it was time to return. After bowing to Katsumoto in farewell, I walked back to the village and once 'home', I returned to my room and laid down again, staring at the ceiling as I mused upon everything Katsumoto and I had discussed. It felt impossible for me to understand; perhaps I was just being too headstrong about it for now. I wasn't too patient myself, but it was through persistence and patience itself that I was learning. Months went by since that conversation, and day by day I kept looking for the meaning behind Katsumoto's metaphors, looking everywhere I could: in my lessons, in the village around me, in the environment, even in the people that talked to me once in a while. Step by step I found it, though I knew I was still far away from fully understanding. 'No skill, no balance; no skill, no balance'... That could've very well be my catchphrase, considering I repeated it continuously. In spring, I understood what it all meant. In one of my morning kendo practices, I was beat up by Ujio once more, who finished me with nothing more than swift and almost effortless moves and feints. But then, at the third strike, something clicked, like an alarm going off inside my mind, and there it was again: \"No mind\". I concentrated. I saw what that connection was between samurai and blade; I could see it in Ujio's eyes. He was determined to win, perhaps even kill me with a simple bokken , but the heart of the matter was that he would do it along his bokken , his bokken and his spirit combined. Whilst I thought with my mind, Ujio thought with his sword, his spirit. No wonder he beat me up the first times. But then, I could see everything perfectly and thanks to that, we ended up in a draw. I couldn't bear the look of surprise across his features, perhaps even one of respect, but I soon knew that this was one of my many breakthroughs, even the first one after months of learning. I had finally understood that connection; that was what fighting as a samurai was about. Not entirely, but a small part of the Bushido . Finally, my ying and my yang were united as one. But it wasn't comparing the ying with my mind and the yang with my sword, as I once reasoned, but there was a hidden part that acted as a missing link, one that I had discarded many other times. It was my mind, my body and my sword. My walk down the path had just begun. A/N: So, how was it? I hope it wasn't bad for the first time, but that's up to you to say. There are more coming! xD Reviews are appreciated!^^ ","Summary":" Author's Note: Ahoy, first story in this category. I had never seen the film until this year (I was"},{"Movie":"Last Samurai","Title":"No Dishonor","Author":"Crescent Moon Dancer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11587785","Passage":"[Chapter 1] There is no dishonor in dying this way. That is the thought that prevails in my increasingly hazy mind. All who come into this world must die - that is the inevitable truth. All can choose how they live, but few have the privilege of choosing how they die. I am one of the few. I could have gone with my father and Captain Algren and the rest; I could have returned home and died in peace. Or I could have killed myself as soon as the first bullet entered my body. I still could. But suddenly, that doesn't seem like the best way to go. Not while my family still lives, and not while the ones who pursue them still draw breath. To end my life now, while my family is in danger, seems cowardly, craven. Dishonorable. I lean against the tree, taking deep, shuddering breaths, readying myself for my final stand. I know it is the end, and as my life draws to a close, my senses come alive. I can hear the crack of the guns and the scream of each individual bullet as it tears through the air on its deadly path. I hear the rustle of leaves and the soft hiss of the wind as it caresses my perspiring skin. I feel the sticky blood on my face and neck, the rough bark behind my back, the scratching ends of my recently cut hair. I smell damp earth, gun smoke, and cherry blossoms. I smell the water that flows under the bridge, and I smell the acrid, coppery scent of blood as it pours from my body. It is time. I move past the pain, pushing it aside. It does not matter. It does not exist. It is not real. All that is real is this, the end, the end on my terms. I set an arrow to my bow and fire, barely noticing one of the guards fall before I send a second one ripping into another enemy. My movements become automatic - pull an arrow from my quiver, set it to the bowstring, draw back, fire. Pull an arrow from my quiver, set it to the bowstring, draw back, fire. Over and over, until I reach back and my hand meets with air. My quiver is empty. Casting aside the bow, I draw my blades, letting a furious cry ripple out of me as my feet pound along the bridge. I feel the thrust and sting of a bullet as it slams into my body, and then another one. I am forced to a halt as a hail of lead rains down around and through me, and I slowly fall to my knees, my arms flung wide, my fists still clenched around the hilts of my weapons. I did not kill them all. I could not prevent them from pursuing my father and my friends. But I tried. I am not dying in vain; as long as the few guards who remain are occupied with me, then there is a chance that the rest of the samurai will escape. They will live for me. I am dying for them. And there is no dishonor in that. ","Summary":" There is no dishonor in dying this way. That is the thought that prevails in my increasingly hazy m"},{"Movie":"Last Samurai","Title":"I Will Come Back Safe","Author":"tigra.grece","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8676840","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Note de l'auteur : Petite précision : J'accepte bien entendue toutes les reviews qu'on me donne même celles qui sont critiques et bien sur je les lis, je ne le prend pas mal, suite aux reviews, je fais efforts pour montré que je peux me débrouillé un peu seule sans toujours demandé de l'aide. C'est vrai que des fois je ne me relis pas forcement bien, et je trouve que cela fait français car généralement j'écris comme je parle donc je m'excuse d'avance Et puis j'explique le pourquoi du comment je fais cela avant chaque début de fic que je publie sachant que je continue a en faire un peu sur tout, vu que j'en ai en suspens et d'autres en cours de production. Peut-être dans un futur proche si je vois que je n'arrive plus tellement a progressé seule, je ferais appel a une bêta. Également si vous n'aimez pas mon style d'écriture vous pouvez toujours fermé ma fanfic et en lire d'autres :) Si jamais vous voulez me laissé un review ou un message privé pour corrigé certaines erreurs de la fic je peux le faire ;) Disclamer : The Last Samurai - univers et personnage ne sont malheureusement pas ma propriété. Pairing : Nathan/Taka Ceci est egalement un essai concernant une fic sans Songfic ou de style théâtre car je n'ai pas trouvé de chanson qui pourrait correspondre avec le sujet de la fanfic. I Will Come Back Safe : POV Nathan Je devais me préparer pour la bataille finale, je savais que je risquais ma peau, mais je voulais réussir et gagné la bataille c'est alors que je devais m'habiller que Taka arriva et me dit \"Je vais t'habiller\" je me laissais faire, elle m'habillait de la tenue rouge de Hirotato, pourtant je l'avais tué. Puis quand elle a eu finie de m'habiller je l'embrasse, elle me rendit le baiser, je me suis alors demandé : Nos sentiments sont t'ils partageaient ? Car je ressentais quelque chose pour elle depuis un petit moment où j'étais resté avec eux. Elle me dit alors en me prenant dans les bras \"S'il te plait, reviens saint et sauf\" je mets mon front contre le sien et je lui dis \"Je te fais la promesse que je reviendrais pour tes enfants et pour toi\" . Je déposais un baiser sur les lèvres de Taka puis je sortais pour me mettre en route. Mais avant de partir elle revenait vers moi et me donna une plaquette qui est synonyme de bonne chance et qui devait me protéger. Je mettais la plaquette près de moi et de l'armure pour que je me rappelle Taka et des enfants qu'il faut que je revienne pour eux. Puis je me suis mis en route, je me suis retourné une dernière fois et j'ai vu Taka rentré dans une maison. Quand je suis revenu après tout ceci elle m'a dit qu'elle était partie priée pour moi, pour qu'il ne m'arrive rien. Quand tout pris fin je revenais au village comme la promesse que j'avais faite. Et Taka m'avait avoué ses sentiments et depuis on vivait une histoire d'amour ensemble. END ","Summary":" Note de l'auteur : Petite précision : J'accepte bien entendue toutes les reviews qu'on me donne mêm"},{"Movie":"Last Samurai","Title":"The Last Samurai Poem","Author":"Tsukasa007","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3811163","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The LastnSamurai Poem The GreatnCaptain Nathan Algren Was anwarrior in great denial For whatnhe did in his past was because Of hisncommander with a mind so vile He wasnsent on a ship to Japan Sleepingnin a room like a smelly den He wasngiven a job with good pay To trainnthe emperors army men No soonernhad he arrived Then anbattle had begun He wasncaptured in the end Under thenrising sun Strangelynthese people touched his soul In thisnbeautiful and peaceful place And Nathannstayed an entire year For theirnculture had given him a sweet embrace As he leftnwith his new companions Henwouldn't know what he was about to see As thengeneral of the emperor Had fullyntrained the emperor's army As henrealised the truth To thensamurai a message he did send As henarrived back to the village on his horse Henpromised to stay with them to the end About anfortnight after Thenemperor's army came And evennthe samurai knew After thatnnothing would ever be the same Men werenkilled on both sides It wasnkatanas verses guns All thensamurai were taken down UntilnKatsumuto and Nathan were the only ones As Nathannkilled his friend as his dying wish He shoutednout his sorrow in a great cry Thensoldiers bowed down to him in honour For he wasnthe last samurai He thennrode his horse to Tokyo Thinkingnof how he had finally killed his sick commander. As he rodenoff to the palace To givensomething to the emperor As Nathannfinished walking down the carpet To thenemperor he knelt down and bowed his head Then hensaid \"I won't tell you how Katsumuto died. I'llntell you how he lived instead\" ","Summary":" The LastnSamurai Poem The GreatnCaptain Nathan Algren Was anwarrior in great denial For whatnhe did"},{"Movie":"Last Samurai","Title":"Algo de Paz","Author":"Scarlet Leinth","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12509429","Passage":"[Chapter 1] No poseo The Last Samurai ni ninguno de sus personajes. Amo esta película y decidí explorar qué pasaría después del final, y qué paso durante ciertas escenas que me parecieron especialmente significativas. Veremos qué tan lejos puedo llegar. Inicios del verano, 1877 No pensé volver a escribir en este diario. Le entregué mis cuadernos al sr. Graham antes de la batalla, esperando que fueran lo único que quedara de mí. Sin dejar a mis espaldas hijos, parientes que me recordaran, ni grandes empresas que pusieran mi nombre en la historia, tal vez aparecería como una nota al pie en la historia del sr. Graham. Tampoco era como si lo deseara. En ese momento, lo único que quería era llegar a la culminación de mi vida y mis remordimientos, pues este alcohólico recuperaría su honor en el campo de batalla. Tampoco pensé volver a escribir en este diario desde un punto de vista personal. Desde que me enlisté para pelear en la Guerra de Secesión, usé este diario para anotar mis impresiones sobre lugares, procesos, pueblos y hombres. Pero, ya que mis días como soldado van quedando atrás, me veo en una situación en la que no había estado desde los 17 años: las maravillas de una vida común. Creo que no puedo navegar a través de ella sin el espacio de intimidad de estas páginas. Tal vez me engañe. Aquel día de mayo, una vez que la vida de Katsumoto se extinguiera entre mis brazos, la mía se hundió en la oscuridad. Y fue como morir, pero no era mi momento. Desperté en un hospital, flanqueado por el sr. Graham y el teniente Satoshi. Supe que les debía el estar respirando, pero no les permití impedir que arriesgara mi vida una última vez. Había pasado solo una semana desde la batalla cuando me presenté ante el emperador. Apenas podía sentir el brazo derecho y caminar era un suplicio. Valió la pena. Se lo debía a Katsumoto. Cuando me desplomé fuera del palacio, nuevamente nada importaba. En medio de mi agonía, el sr. Graham me devolvió los diarios, asegurándome que ya los había transcrito. O al menos eso creí escuchar. Pude recuperarme bajo el cuidado del médico imperial y de otros facultativos occidentales. Los tejidos alrededor de los nervios de mi brazo se desinflamaron y ahora puedo mover la mano derecha otra vez, aunque la reconozco menos precisa que antes. No importa. No pretendo apuntar un arma de fuego nuevamente. Sanado, mi brazo me permitió guiar el caballo al único lugar al que se me ocurría volver. No precisamente el puerto para dirigir proas a América. No. Mediada la tarde del segundo día, vi aparecer la aldea entre las montañas. Me recibió la familiaridad de los sonidos: niños correteando, las aguas de las fuentes, el canto de las aves y la brisa entre el follaje. Casi todos los sonidos que conocía estaban allí, junto a otros nuevos, como el de las cigarras, algo amodorradas pues la hora de más calor ya había pasado. Y había sonidos que eché en falta, pero no sería este el momento en que esos silencios destacarían más. Estaba más preocupado de la forma en que el corazón me golpeaba el pecho, de pura anticipación. La distinguía cuando aún me encontraba lejos, meramente porque me era imposible no hacerlo. Su marco frágil y gracioso se desplazaba serenamente por el huerto, abriendo la tierra con un azadón. Magojiro estaba con ella, como siempre. A sus tres años, no tenía edad para estar con los hombres y bien sabía yo que no había muchos hombres con los cuales estar. Sin embargo no había espacio para ese pensamiento en mi mente, fijos como estaban mis ojos en ella. Cuando estuve bastante cerca, Taka alzó la cabeza y nuestras miradas se encontraron. En cuanto leí la emoción en sus ojos, una sonrisa asomó a los míos. La gente comenzó a congregarse a mi alrededor. La brida de mi caballo acabó en las manos de un muchachón de unos catorce años, mientras oía rumores felices acerca de mi llegada. Creían que había muerto con los demás y se alegraban de mi regreso. No distinguí al dedillo lo que decían, nada más porque no podía desclavar los ojos de Taka, que se quitaba el delantal de trabajo y tomaba a Magojiro para salir del huerto a paso presuroso. Fueron otros los pasos que me sacaron de aquel trance. Eran pasos pequeños, apurados y conocidos, de unas chancletitas de paja por la tierra. Me volví. Higen llegó muy cerca de mí, respirando fuerte, con los puños apretados, el mentón tembloroso y el cuerpo tenso. En sus ojos húmedos se leía con claridad lo que deseaba hacer, pero se limitó a inclinar la cabeza. Puse mi mano en su nuca y lo atraje, como suponía que un padre debía hacer, y ese niño, descendiente de samurái apretó mis costillas como si le fuera la vida en ello. Sonreí, lloré y me reí, todo al mismo tiempo, balanceándome con el muchacho presionado contra mi pecho, mas, si yo podía distinguirla con facilidad, Taka era inconfundible para Higen. El chico se apartó y volvió a ser dueño de sí en cuanto escuchó los zuecos de su madre sobre las piedras del camino. La gente le hizo un lugar reverencioso, como se lo habrían hecho a Nobutada. Nuestro ojos se quedaron trabados un instante. ―Algren-san ―dijo, antes de hacer una profunda reverencia, seguida por todos. No encontré otra cosa con la cual contestar, como no fuera inclinarme también. Dos pasos más y Taka estuvo frente a mí. Su delicada mano se extendió hacia mí, palma hacia arriba. ―Okaerinasai ―dijo, con la sombra de una sonrisa bailándole en los labios. ―Tadaima ―murmuré en respuesta. Mis dedos, aún algo dormidos, parecieron despertar cuando puse mi mano sobre la suya. ","Summary":" No poseo The Last Samurai ni ninguno de sus personajes. Amo esta película y decidí explorar qué pas"},{"Movie":"Last Samurai","Title":"Samurai Love","Author":"arcticblonde","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3462704","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I own nothing and will not use this to gain profit. Any charactersnnot recognized from Power Rangers or Last Samurai are mine. Kamika isnmy creation. SamurainLove Deepnin the mountains of California lay a secret ninja academy who trainednwarriors to defend Earth from the most vile of creatures. At thenmoment this quaint little school was in a state of calm and relax, itnhad been so for the past year. The wind, thunder, and samurai rangersnhad defeated the evil space ninja, Lothor, with the help of thenlegendary black and white ranger. After the battle the warrior wasnreveled to be a girl by the name of Kamika Watanabe. The same girlnthat had disappeared from the Wind Academy 18 years prior. Thensamurai ranger, Cam Watanabe, and the his father, Sensei Kanoi, werenrelieved to have their sister/daughter back home. Though as time wentnon and her past was revealed the men of the family began to realizenwhat kind of person Mika had turned out to be. Trained as a guardiannof time, Mika was a master samurai and ninja at only the tender agenof 18, and had seen many battles from missions she was sent on fromnthe Keepers. This experience had changed the young girl and her willnto stay in one place was testing her patience, especially where nonone could relate to what she had gone through; not even her fathernwho constantly worried about her well being. For this young prodigynhowever, the modern world gave her a headache, from all the noise,npollution, and stares she would receive from her streaked hair, Hernnatural midnight black hair with three pure white streaks shenreceived when she became an official samurai at the age of 15 whilenon a mission to Japan in 1552. She had taken to wrapping her hair upnunder a hat so know one would see them and stare. She was so ashamednof this act that she had tried to end her own life and die with somenhonor left, but her father had caught her and had forbidden her to,nbeing a ninja the moral codes were very different from Bushido. IfnMika had a choice she would very rarely use her ninja skills and onlynher samurai powers, for these were what she connected with and feltncloser to her mother who had also become a samurai, but had beennforced to stay in the modern world by the Keepers. Late at night anlone figure could be found wondering up to the rooftops wishing,npraying to anyone who would listen that she would be given a chancenfor the life she dreamed of and maybe, by chance, someone to love,nthat understood the feelings of a misguided child. Tellnme how you all liked it, if you did I'll keep it up and add more,nwhich is already written. I welcome feedback so please give it to me,nit's my first story. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I own nothing and will not use this to gain profit. Any charactersnnot recognized from "},{"Movie":"Last Samurai","Title":"Friendship","Author":"Amos Whirly","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2837106","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Friendship The Last Samurai Amos Whirly Word Count: 230 He is strange. Everything about him is strange. His hair, his eyes, his skin, his face—everything. When he first came to us, his tongue was thick, and his arms and legs were slow. He couldn't even hold a sword. And even though now his customs no longer seem so strange, the words he writes are still gibberish to me. He is strange. But he is my friend, and I do not know why. I should hate him. He killed my father. But it was battle. My father would have killed him, so there is no shame in either my father's death or the fact that this strange gaijin , this foreigner, has taken his place in our home. He is a good man, this American war hero. He loves my mother very much, in a way I did not see in my father. My father was always very solemn, very still. This American, Algren-san, is rarely still, rarely quiet, and often smiling. I have never seen anyone smile so much. It took me a week to learn to pronounce his name. The sounds of it are still foreign to my tongue. But I like him. He is my friend. Not my father. He will never be my father, nor has he asked to be. Maybe he will be father to Magojiro, who is too little to remember. For now, he is my friend. That is enough. ","Summary":" Friendship The Last Samurai Amos Whirly Word Count: 230 He is strange. Everything about him is stra"},{"Movie":"Last Samurai","Title":"Forgiveness","Author":"wanderlust823","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3233264","Passage":"[Chapter 1] here it is. much much better than my first story, about howls moving castle i luved this movie...i hope u like my story from it. i couldnt believe it. it was all over, and i was out of it all. the war, the suffering... Taka walked up, and placed a warm rag over my wounded knee. \"thank you.\" i muttered, lost in my english thoughts. \"oh,\" i muttered, fixing my mistake. i switched back to the languige native to where i was. \"sorry. i have a lot on my mind.\" \"its alright. i know you've been through a lot.\" she replied. \"this is going to hurt a little.\" she pressed on my knee. i bit my lip, and groaned, trying to show it didnt hurt as much as it did. it popped into place, and she let go. \"thank you, Taka. it feels much better now.\" i lied. a timid smile showed across her face. \"dont worry, it will feel better in a day or so. try not to lean on it in the mean time.\" she said. i smiled. \"would you like some tea?\" she asked politely. \"no, im fine. i just need some time alone.\" i replied. she nodded her head, and unfolded her lap to walk out of the room. i leand against the wall, and squinted my eyes in pain. i rubbed my swelling knee, allowing my eyes to tear. why did i have to survive? there were so many great men on that feild. great men who had great familys who loved them, and who were so morally right. i was so sinful...i had taka and her family, but they still didnt love me as much as a real father, even if they wouldnt admit it. i suffered from the things i had done, yet i was chosen to live. i took a deep, refrshing breath. i wished i could forget everything i'd ever done, but nothing could ever cover it up. i set my hand on the hinge of my sword, and took it out. i looked at it up and down. it was a little scratched, but i could still see my reflection in its sharp blade. it could easily slice through a man...i set the tip at my chest. \"Tomare!!\" a small boy cried, \"yamero yo!\" i looked over to Egan, who had dropped his wooden sword to the ground. he was sobbing loudly, a look of horror spread across his face. i slipped my sword away, but my hand couldnt move fast enough, for he jumped onto me and it fell to the ground with a loud clash. \"dont leave us, Algren! dont go!!\" he shouted in Japanese. i sat him up, wiping his tears. \"you shouldnt cry like that. its a sign of weakness.\" i said, trying to destract him. \"i cant help it.\" he said, \"i love you, Algren...father.\" i scoured at this. \"dont call me that.\" i snapped, \"i'm not your father.\" \"i'm sorry.\" he muttered. \"but i love you, Algren! dont die, please dont.\" i smiled. \"i wont.\" i replied, \"not today.\" i stood up and grabbed my sword, placing it in his hands. i rubbed his head. though i gave him my favorite sword, he knew i had other ways to die. every family in the village had their own swords i could use, and there were more than enough rocks to kill me a thousand times over. \"Algren...\" he said, \"dont kill yourself. if you do, then...then i'll kill myself too.\" \"i know you wont, Egan.\" i said, \"you havnt seen things bad enough to see any good in death.\" \"please, for me?\" he said sweetly. i turned back around. \"i'll do anything to make you stay...i'll learn, i'll work. please...\" i thought for a moment. anything...i was just promised anything from a little boy who said he loved me, and called me father. this could be the chance i needed to get the forgiveness from myself. a chance to make peace with my sins. \"i will stay alive; \" i said, \"as long as you have something to learn from me. we'll start tomorrow. bring all of your friends, and i will teach you what i know.\" his face lit up. he ran outside, jumping for joy. i smiled. i forgot to tell him...i loved him too. i wished to call him son, but i didnt know if Taka was quite ready for that yet. i limped off to find Taka. i was ready for that tea now. ","Summary":" here it is. much much better than my first story, about howls moving castle i luved this movie...i "},{"Movie":"Last Samurai","Title":"Watching The End Of An Era","Author":"Endaewen","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6167890","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Watching The End of an Era Author: Endaewen Fandom: The Last Samurai Rating: K Summary: Simon Graham's thoughts on Captain Algren and the events of his return. Something of a stream of conciousness piece. One shot. Disclaimer: The Last Samurai belongs to Warner Brothers studios and also to the actors who made the characters come alive. The first warning I had that something was happening were the screams as everybody, including the two geishas I was photographing scrambled to clear the middle of the road and a hush fell while everybody stood there, silently bowing. Then I saw them. Samurai . Something I hadn't seen in Tokyo for a long time. Coming down the center of the road. Expecting everybody to clear the road for them. They were still too distant for me to clearly make out any individual faces, but there was a flashing appearance of one in a brief gap, familiar, then gone again, hidden behind the bulk of the other riders. Was it? Could it be? No. He was dead. He had to be. His body was never found, although his sword was, lying abandoned and trampled in the dirt near several enemy bodies. Not like the body of the General, found beheaded some distance away. Nothing was said officially, but the rumors suggested that his death had been some sort of a ritual. Knowing that the General himself was samurai, and knowing what I have translated, I suspect that there was indeed truth in the rumors so often denied. And, that the beheading had been a mercy. Within minutes the group was close enough that I could see that the familiar figure was indeed that of Captain Algren, dressed in his uniform, just as I had last seen him. That alone made him stand out from the others – all wearing the traditional Japanese dress. Not to mention the two swords of the Samurai. Two swords that it has since been made illegal to wear in the streets. And yet, somehow in that brief moment, it seemed to me as if he belonged there among them. After that ill-fated, foggy autumn morning was over, I never expected to see the Captain again. My last sight of him that day was looking back briefly as he ordered the terrified troops into place for the battle to come. Surely he was going to join us at the rear momentarily. That was what the Captain had been ordered to do after all. But he never did. Now he is here again, dismounting in the streets of Tokyo as if nothing had happened to him at all, much less an entire season's captivity. I am glad to see the Captain – unpredictable as ever in proving to be alive when everybody believed him to be dead. But, he seems to be almost friendly with his escort – an escort that I now recognized to be Katsumoto himself, the leader of the rebel Samurai. Someone I should have recognized before. What ever happened to Captain Algren over the winter? Probably I shall never know. I doubt I will ever ask, despite my curiosity. Not like that evening which I blame on the sake . Then, the Captain terrified me himself with that knife. The next day simply confirmed his unpredictability. Standing there, in front of the soldiers, ordering them to shoot at him! Oh, he quite made his point that they weren't ready, but the risk to himself, even given how terrible their shooting was... I wonder if that was what he wanted? I didn't have a chance to say anything to the Captain then on his return as he rightfully had other things to do in order to sort out a life that everybody else had believed over, nor really, the next time I saw him as he left the office of Minister Omura in some kind of a fury. That time we started to talk when circumstances interrupted us. A group of army soldiers had come upon a Samurai wearing both the top-knot and his swords in violation of the new laws. Laws I suspect he might not have even known of. Captain Algren proved himself then to be just as unpredictable as I had remembered him to be. Where most people would have stood aside, myself included, he pushed himself into the middle of the situation, I think, in hopes of defusing it, which shouldn't have been possible once the Samurai had begun to draw his sword. Offended at the actions of the soldiers around him, I rather guess. They are a proud and touchy lot. Unpredictable themselves, going by the books I've read and translated. No western man should have been able to prevent the massacre about to happen in the street before my eyes, and yet somehow, the Captain managed it. The Samurai in blue didn't resist the soldiers actions – some of which, frankly, I found myself horrified by. They may have been right in the eyes of the law, but the way they went about it...kicking and shoving their victim. I wonder if he was somebody the Captain knew from the winter? Although why he'd listen to somebody who'd been his prisoner, I don't know. I had to turn away and leave... The next time I saw Captain Algren was late that same evening. Dirty, wary, and clutching several of the Samurai blades as though he knew how to use them, but uninjured. During our talk then, I was able to find out just what had happened to the man to put him in that state. A fight. One where he'd been surrounded by a group of armed men while he himself was unarmed. And yet, he'd managed to first arm himself by taking the weapons, and then defend himself successfully. To be honest, my mind still shies away from the truth of that night: that he defended himself by killing them all – even their leader, who I recognized from the Captain's description as being one of Minister Omura's men, which chilled me to the bone. I know Captain Algren recognized him too, because as he said, the two had shared the shipboard journey from America. That birthmark was rather distinctive. The whole thing sounded like a passage from one of the old Japanese tales rather than anything one would expect from modern times. I'm beginning to wonder just who the enemy really is here: Katsumoto, the leader of the rebels, or Omura, Minister to the Emperor. Or, is it both of them? From the things I've seen and heard on my own, confirmed by what Captain Algren says, it sounds as though it might just be Omura. Apparently, Captain Algren was told by his superior officer that \" Katsumoto's been arrested, and Omura won't let him last the night \". Not the Emperor, Omura. And Omura sent men to murder Captain Algren – somebody I know that the Emperor holds an interest in. It was to him that that revered man spoke that first day, and not any of the others. And, he spoke in English – at least a bit. Although, his last words were more likely directed at the whole group. Or, perhaps it might be better to ask who's on each of the two sides. Omura is the one who had Katsumoto arrested earlier, according to the gossip I've heard. The Emperor didn't say a word either way. Omura is the one the American Ambassador has been talking to in the treaty negotiations. Omura is in charge of the new army. Perhaps it's not the Emperor the Samurai are rebelling against, and instead it's Omura and his commands. I'm still not sure how I ended up helping Captain Algren break Katsumoto out of his imprisonment. Some fast talking on the Captain's part, for the most part, I think. That and shock at what had happened to him. Beyond that, my memory's a bit foggy. But, it proved something that I was definitely beginning to suspect: that the Captain had been more than a prisoner in Katsumoto's stronghold. No sooner had he gathered my agreement with his plan then Captain Algren hustled me off with him to find some allies. That alone would have proved to me that he had become friendly at the least with his captors, had I not already been certain of it, for it took only a very short time for the man to find the samurai who the solders had earlier victimized, his hair still straggling loose around his face, and with him, three others who were still fully armed. Clearly, he had known where they were. But then, as I watched, he conversed with the four just outside of my hearing range for several minutes. Although I couldn't hear the words enough to make them out, I could tell that he was speaking Japanese. Just as his subordinate and friend, Gant had predicted he would be all those months ago. A moment later, he was back, bringing me into the group where he explained the plan they had come up with. One, I was frankly doubtful would work as they said it would. For one thing, I was expected to get them and their weapons past the guards on the way in without anyone becoming suspicious, and then the six of them would fight us out. What if one of the guards recognizes Captain Algren? I could probably bluff my way in, and the plan counted on my being recognized as a photographer and translator, but Algren needed to be unrecognized. That alone would blow the whole plan. Either way, it only took a few minutes for the group to be ready to go – costumed as rickshaw drivers, complete with two stolen rickshaws, it was doubtful that anyone would recognize them at a glance! The hats alone made it almost impossible to see their faces, and hid any visible signs of their Samurai status such as the now-forbidden top-knot. It was also quite simple, though nerve-wracking to hide their weapons – bows, arrows and swords, including some of the 'extras' the Captain had acquired amongst my cameras, tripods and equipment. Those drew no little comment from the disguised Samurai, in both English and Japanese – presumably to make it easier for the Captain to understand them. But none of it was disapproval for his actions. I'm sure I heard one of them – the one who he'd tried to help earlier today, express his approval at how well their 'prisoner' had learned while living in the village. I get the feeling that tonight may not have been the first time he's fought with their swords. If it hadn't already been clear that the Captain had been more than a prisoner, it would have been so then. Valued friend might be closer to what he'd become. I'd like to find out the whole story one day. I doubt I ever will though. Then came the most terrifying moment of my life to that point: getting the Captain and the others past the guards. I've come close to battles before, but never been involved with something so important that hinged on my actions alone. The plan worked to get us in, much to my surprise, even with the 'mistake' I made. At least, that's what I told the Captain had happened, though it was actually intentional. I needed to make him out to be somebody that was too important to be stopped. I'm a bit surprised that the Captain understood me, even though he clearly spoke some Japanese. It took me several years to become as fluent as I am now, and I still miss some of the subtleties sometimes. Captain Algren has only had a season to learn. Katsumoto was certainly willing to escape with us. I think he knew his fate otherwise. I saw the dagger lying in front of the kneeling man briefly when we first entered, before he made it vanish. Something that Captain Algren was completely aware of as well, I believe, given his determination to get there as soon as possible this evening. Still, he observed the proper courtesies, even given the Captain's casualness. Something I could never have even approximated, given the differences in their station. Not that it surprised the Samurai leader one bit that I could tell. His invitation to me to photograph the village crystallized something for me that I really hadn't considered though with my actions – that I had now, apparently, thrown in my lot with the rebels and essentially had nowhere else to go. I'm not sure how to describe the next series of events. I've never been in any fights at all, so to me the whole thing was an endless series of smoke, noise and screams in the darkness. I could see the young Samurai the Captain had been with earlier in the day firing off arrows into the darkness, and I knew there had to be one more of them somewhere nearby. I just couldn't see him anywhere. Just how real the danger was in our venture came when that same young man was wounded. Until then, it seemed as though we were all going to make it out safely. The wound was obviously bad, but he kept crawling along the bridge towards us, even though it was clear that he'd never make it. From the way Katsumoto had to be held back from returning for him, he clearly was somebody important to him. I only found out later that Nobutata, as the young samurai was named, was Katsumoto's son. Captain Algren was able to bring the man back to us though, but it was obvious, at least to them that he was dying. It felt wrong to be watching the scene unraveling before me, the one that was their farewell, and yet I couldn't turn away. The Samurai can seem so stoic and emotionless, but clearly that is not so. Nothing was said aloud, but everyone could see how this turn of events grieved them both. Even dying, Katsumoto's son was able to hold them off long enough for us to get away, though I believe the Captain stayed behind for a minute or two. Perhaps to make sure we made it out, or perhaps for some other reason. Either way, he came running up after us as we gathered outside the property. The next night, and each thereafter on the journey, the Captain and Katsumoto shared a fire. Perhaps talking, perhaps planning, or maybe just sitting in silence. Yet, where I was an outsider and knew it, the Captain fit right in with them, even, as I thought last time I saw him with them, in his western clothes. Throughout that trip I had little time to talk with him, and none of the others had the time to talk either. We were, I think, all very aware of the army that was mobilizing behind us. That was something I have to admit that I was trying very hard not to think about. It was those last days in the village that really proved to me just how much one of them Captain Algren had become. Where I remained in the clothes I had worn ever since I helped them break Katsumoto free – they were all I had with me, the Captain was soon wearing native dress. Of course he must have over the winter before, but I just hadn't realized. And one time, I came across him just sitting, the way they do, with his eyes closed. He didn't look foolish at all, either. He seemed to be as much a leader there as Katsumoto himself in that last day or so under the shadow of the army outside the village. Again, we had no time to talk – not even in the evenings. Where the Captain was living with a woman with two young children, obviously of rank in the village, I had been quartered with another family. It was only later that I found out that the family Captain Algren was living with was that of Katsumoto's sister-in-law. And, more shockingly, that he'd killed her husband in that battle where we thought he'd been killed. And yet, somehow, he'd become friendly with both her and the children. During the day, Captain Algren was busy planning their defenses with Katsumoto and the Samurai he had with him. They knew. They knew just as he did something that was making itself clear to me as I watched: that they were doomed. Bows, arrows and swords against rifles and cannon. They knew that there was no way they could win this, and yet they planned the fight anyway. I did just what Katsumoto had invited me to do: photograph the village and the people living there. I could be no help with the planning, although once or twice, Katsumoto or one of the other men in the village did ask me to translate or clarify something with Captain Algren where their English and his Japanese weren't clear enough. The rest of the time I photographed the Samurai and their families. People who were soon going to be dead, the last of their kind. Whether or not that invitation had just been a courtesy, a cover for a necesity because I'd have had to have come along anyway, I took it seriously and did my best to make a record of their final preparations and dying way of life for the future. At the same time, I began to see perhaps, what it was that had drawn the Captain to them. That last morning before the battle began, the Captain surprised more than me, I think, coming out in Samurai armor, but they approved. I hesitate to think what the Captain's friend Gant would have said, given the way he'd mocked their armor and customs that day before he died and the Captain was captured. Probably he wouldn't have understood at all. I don't fully understand myself, and yet it seems \"right\". Then, Katsumoto gave the sword he was holding to the Captain. \"Gave\" isn't the right word at all, presented might be a better one, there was more going on there than that, but there was no ceremony to it at all. I couldn't make out what they said, but Captain Algren bowed in return as he took it. With that, they rode out to their chosen field of battle, Katsumoto and Captain Algren at the head of the party. I rode with them, though much farther back. It was the first time I've been a part of something like that that I've read about, and even seen – when I saw them ride into the city with the Captain before all this happened. The villagers all lined the road and bowed as we galloped past. The ride wasn't long at all. Maybe a half an hour at most before whe drew up to a halt behind some hills. About half of the group, myself included continued past those hills to where they'd set up some kind of wooden barricades. From there I could clearly see the army facing us across the field, standing in neat rows in their black or navy uniforms. I couldn't clearly make out the colours, but I could see just how badly they outnumbered us. By comparison, Katsumoto's forces appeared to be a disorganized rabble, but as Captain Algren had once said, they were a people who had spent the last thousand years studying war, warfare and their chosen weapons of sword, spear and bow. Still, the odds of many of them surviving this were very tiny. While I had been standing there, a bit like a fool, I guess, Katsumoto and the Captain had ridden out to the middle of the field to meet their opposing numbers, the leaders of the Imperial army. They weren't there long before riding back, so I guess neither side had much to say. We all knew why we were here, after all. On Captain Algren's return he sought me out to give me a bundle, part of which was contained in a beaded leather bag, but the rest was bound together on top – papers and books for the most part. He said it might be useful for my book. Amazing that he remembered my comment from so many months ago, really. As he turned to go, I wished him good luck. I think he knew what I was really saying, however, which was more of a \"goodbye\". I didn't really expect him to live through the battle. Something I think he didn't expect either, nor any of the Samurai in the group. Katusmoto had suggested a place I might view the battle from in moderate safety: a nearby hilltop, so I made my way there, rather than risk being caught up in the confusion. I made it to the top in time to see the final preparations. It was only after that that the battle began. The whole thing was a chaotic mass of noise and smoke: booms and thuds from the cannon, screams from the injured, and it looked as if the battle was going to be over with just the one exchange, but no, that was something they'd planned I guess. At times over the next hours, I thought they might even be able to win, from what I could see under the pall of smoke, but then the army would bring up more men, or new guns. That last charge was something. Maybe fifty of them were still alive, a hundred at most, and they lined up under the heavy smoke covering the battlefield to charge the enemy's ground. They made it through the army, and the way seemed clear, but then it was almost as though they ran into an invisible wall. Horses, riders, and running men all started to jerk and tumble to the ground. None made it beyond that point. It must have been the new guns the Americans have. Then the guns fell silent, and I thought everyone had been killed. Looking more carefully, I could see that there were two figures there still alive, one of whom was wearing the red armor of Captain Algren. The other must have been Katsumoto. They were kneeling, I think, leaning on one another, most likely unable to move any further. Then the second figure jerked twice before slowly collapsing, dead. But, the advancing spots that were all I could see of the Japanese army surrounding them stopped, and, I think, bowed to the two. Not the bow you see in everyday activities, a greeting and acknowledgment, but a full bow: kneeling with the head to the ground. The kind of bow depicted in the ancient paintings of the Emperor, or other great persons. One of greatest respect. That was when it struck me what I must have been seeing. As a Samurai would when defeated, he had committed seppuku, their ritualized suicide, although not in the normal form, with Captain Algren acting as his second. To the Japanese, even with the outlawing of the Samurai, that was an act of greatest honor both to participate in and to witness. I can't help but wonder what the Captain knows about it, but I'll never know for sure. I suspect he was badly wounded there too, and even if the wounds themselves weren't enough to kill him, I doubt that the army will let him live – especially if Omura himself is in charge of it. Now, standing in the formal chamber in front of the Emperor again, I'm still not sure how the Captain survived both the army and his wounds, although I suspect it has a great deal to do with the junior officer there – the one the Captain had trained himself so long ago. He's nowhere near fully healed either, but the Captain felt that now was the only time he could do this, before the treaty is signed – whatever it is that he intends. He hasn't shared his plans with me, and I haven't asked. And so, dressed in his full dress uniform as an American Army Captain, but carrying Katsumoto's sword in a ceremonial cloth bag, Captain Algren made his way slowly past the rows of standing dignitaries to stand in front of the Emperor. The only sign of his injuries on that walk is a pronounced limp, but they show through again in his next actions, when he fumbled a bit as he dropped into a kneeling position, and then a full, Japanese bow, the way the soldiers had for Katsumoto on the battlefield. The Captain's speech reached my emotions, and even from the far end of the room, I could see that he was affecting the Emperor as he presented him with his teacher's sword, even with the interruptions being made by Minister Omura, who had made it back from the battlefield completely unscathed. In the near-complete silence of the chamber, I could, with difficulty make out what Captain Algren and the Emperor were saying, and it shocked me deeply – although I now wonder why. For, the Captain had followed Samurai tradition from the start of this encounter and was now offering the Emperor his own life. An offer that the Emperor clearly chose not to take. Even in the drama of the moment, I found myself wondering where and how the Captain had found out about the etiquette he was now following, much less how much he actually knew about it. It doesn't seem like the kind of thing that would have come up in the village normally, which is where I believe he learned most of everything else about Japanese culture. Instead, the Emperor took full control of the meeting, something almost unheard of, and ended the treaty negotiations abruptly. The American ambassador stormed out, completely ignoring all the rules of protocol, and more or less, offending everybody in the room. Omura was, I suspect, arguing against that decision, although at first I couldn't make out what he and the Emperor were saying to each other. Only a minute or two later though, they were shouting rapidly in Japanese, again something unheard of. From the back of the room, I couldn't catch all of what they said; something about confiscating all of Omura's properties for the people, and a protest in return. However, the Emperor's actions needed no translation whatsoever, when he offered Omura Katsumoto's sword. That was an invitation for the man to do exactly what the Captain, still kneeling impasively below, had offered to do before: take his life in the manner of a Samurai who felt himself to be dishonored. It was an invitation that the Minister turned down, proving what kind of a person he was by their culture. With that, the most powerful man in the room turned back to the Captain and quietly asked him another question, and the focus of the room turned away from the disgraced Minister. I don't think we are through with him though. All in the room have become his enemies, just by virtue of being there to see his disgrace and shame, for I believe Omura to be a proud man. I think I will be watching my back for a while, as well as keeping an eye on the Captain to see what he does next. For now, though, he has the attention of the Emperor, which should be enough to keep him safe until he is healed fully. ","Summary":" Title: Watching The End of an Era Author: Endaewen Fandom: The Last Samurai Rating: K Summary: Simo"},{"Movie":"Last Samurai","Title":"Be A Red Warrior","Author":"Sherberkian","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7823752","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: los personajes referentes a esta maravillosa obra maestra del cine no pertenecen a mí, sino a los señores de Warner Bros Pictures y a Edward Zwick (Director y guionista). Nota: Escribí esta pequeña reflexión un domingo por la noche (sobre las 11 o así) mientras escuchaba la magnífica banda sonora OST de esta película, creada por uno de mis ídolos, Hans Zimmer. Conforme oía la pista de \"Red Warrior\", me inspiré tanto que no pude aguantar. Espero que las disfrutéis tanto como yo. Guerrero Rojo Guerrero Rojo es aquel combatiente que lucha sin cesar, que derrama hasta gotas de su sangre para defender sus convicciones. Guerrero Rojo es aquel luchador que, gracias a su temple y autodisplicina, desempeña con honor la misión a la que ha sido encomendado. Guerrero Rojo es aquel soldado que jamás ha conocido el odio, pero se ha bañado en las lágrimas del dolor y se ha hundido en el pozo de la venganza y la furia para, posteriormente, elevarse y sumergirse en el mar de la verdad, la redención y la sabiduría. Guerrero Rojo es aquel guerrillero que no distingue de etnias, pueblos, orígenes, fronteras en cuanto a enemigos se refiere. Porque, sencillamente, no los considera sus adversarios. Guerrero Rojo es aquel batallador que trata de alzarse a través de los cielos anhelando ser un águila que emprende su vuelo. Guerrero Rojo es aquel militar que aplica en su día a día el conocimiento de los verdaderos guardianes del honor, el Bushido . Guerrero Rojo es aquel ser bélico que desea la guerra, con el fin de conseguir la paz. La paz interior y, después, la de sus semejantes. Guerrero Rojo es aquel samurái que no discierne otro contrincante nada más que él mismo. Guerrero Rojo es aquel paladín que envaina su espada por el honor y no conoce el temor hacia la muerte, pues ésta le lleva a la verdadera vida, a la vida eterna. Guerrero Rojo es aquel hombre que advierte de los límites del poder, la riqueza y la codicia. Mas rehúsa los horizontes del saber, el autocontrol, el profundo sentimiento hacia sus seres más queridos y la felicidad. Guerrero Rojo es aquel defensor de la verdad y razón, partidario del apasionamiento por la vida, deseoso de siempre ser un aprendiz y orgulloso de enseñar su erudición. Guerrero Rojo es lo que pretendo y aspiro a alcanzar, con el objetivo de marcar mi existencia para siempre. Las últimas palabras trazadas en el diario del capitán Algren, que reflajaban sus más profundos pensamientos y sentimientos, quedaron grabadas en el papel con la ayuda de la tinta negra. Parecía que, tras una vida de constante agonía, rencor, guerra, impotencia, temor, vehemencia, pasión por la venganza, se ocultaba un nuevo camino hacia un mundo en el que todos buscamos esa paz, pero que muy pocos encuentran. Un mundo nuevo. Sí, nuevo. El cual podía ser de nuevo decorada con la más infinita paleta de colores que jamás hubiera imaginado. Aquellos recuerdos pertenecientes a ese pasado permanecerían aún, mas haber saldado las cuentas que éstos suponían habían sido liquidadas. ¿Cómo era posible? Mejor dicho, ¿era posible tal cosa? Pues sí. Nathan cerró el libro y pensó. ¿Qué podría hacer con él? ¿Quemarlo? No. Sería un acto estúpido por su parte, porque no serviría de nada acabar con las memorias que guardaban sus páginas. ¿Dárselo a los hijos de Taka? En absoluto. Ellos no entendían el inglés. Sin embargo, podría traducirlo al japonés. De todas maneras, ya sabía apañárselas con tal complicado idioma, ¿no? Bueno, tenía a su viejo amigo el señor Graham O tal vez, ¿cedérselo al señor Graham para poder publicarlo en América? Mientras reflexionaba, una suave y delicada mano sobre su hombro izquierdo. Los finos y largos dedos apretaron de forma cariñosa la clavícula y él los entrelazó con los suyos. Viró su cuerpo y se encontró a la materialización de la belleza de Taka. \"Por todos los santos\", exclamó el antiguo militante de la armada estadounidense. Ella curvó sus labios y le dedicó una hermosa sonrisa. Él, cómo no, le devolvió el gesto, a la vez que acariciaba sutilmente su palma. Con su mano derecha libre, trató de memorizar la tersura y sedosidad de su tez de alabastro, al mismo tiempo que transmitía mediante ese simple ademán todo el cariño, ternura y pasión que procesaba hacia su mujer. Todas esas mismas sensaciones que evidenciaba el color esmeralda de su mirada. Unieron sus frentes y él sujetó con dulzura su rostro con sus dedos. Posó sus labios sobre su frente, mofletes, nariz y, finalmente, su perfecta boca. Recordándole que, ahora en adelante, no iría a ningún lado si no estuviera ella. Recordándole que sería la única persona que conociera su mente y corazón. Recordándole que siempre, siempre yacería a su lado. Recordándole que nunca, nunca la abandonaría. Recordándole que la protegería, a ella y a sus hijos, de los peligros que acechan frecuentemente en el mundo. Recordándole que la quería como si fuera la única mujer del mundo. ¿Qué tal? Sé que es un poco \"puke rainbows\" pero vosotros sois los que tenéis derecho (y deber ¬¬) de opinión. ¡Ciao, bellos! ","Summary":" Disclaimer: los personajes referentes a esta maravillosa obra maestra del cine no pertenecen a mí, "},{"Movie":"The Day The Earth Stood Still","Title":"At The Brink","Author":"Jdgon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6237853","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's note: **Disclaimer: I don't own anything. Not sure whether this will be longer. We'll see how it goes. \"What do I do?\" Helen whispered desperately, her eyes closing. \"Change his mind. Not with reason, but with yourself.\" At the time Helen didn't know what she would do with this explanation from her dear old friend. Her scientific mind could not comprehend beyond the facts of the situation, that the world was under threat and about to be destroyed for all the sins of her race. The one chance for all of human kind was seated across from her in one of the faded and bruised chairs in the cheap motel room. \"You're not in control. You don't know what he's capable of!\" But, they hadn't listened as she had shouted it to the White House representative down that darkened corridor they had forced her through when the Special Forces had extracted from the woods. Oh God Jacob! Her head fell forward slightly toward the table, tears burning behind her eyes. She didn't know where Jacob was. This alien, this unfeeling destroyer of worlds had emerged to meet her after she had been released from the military facility, but Jacob wasn't with him. Jacob was safe was all he would say. Helen had felt anger then, she was not about to see the world come to an end without saying goodbye to her son. The situation was delicate, she had to plot her next move, and there was no time for tears or anger. Lifting her eyes to glance across at the alien once more, she noticed that he hadn't stopped staring at her, a look of mild curiosity in his gaze. Good, she could use that. Entirely too much was at stake to rely on words. She had to make a move. \"Do you really think you can persuade him?\" Helen swallowed thickly, but her gaze was steely and determined. \"I think you should let me try…\"[Chapter 2] Author's Note: I don't own anything. Decided to continue... here goes. Clearly, the human woman - a doctor and a scientist of this age, was in the grips of some human emotional turmoil, he would never be able to understand. He, the alien - also a scientist among his race, yearned despite the current circumstances of his presence and his actions in this world - to pause, explore and investigate each and every facet of this human emotional reaction. It currently manifested itself in the complex shifting of fleshy tissue and the suffusing blood, muscle and beneath the skin cells across Dr. Helen Benson's lowered face. From what he had observed in the little time he had spent with human beings, these tugs and twitches of muscle were incredibly significant to the inner motivations of the human mind; telltale signs of coming actions and following consequences. Remaining silent, he let the ambient sound of the surrounding room flow over and around him, allowing her a moment to compose herself and for him to indulge his curiosity. As he watched her, layers of sound droned simultaneously, thousands of systems and organic cycles overlapping and coming together to create the sound of the world. One could be lulled by it, lost in the details, if not careful. Like the world, and very much like Dr. Helen Benson, the human spirit never seemed to rest or fall silent completely. Humans were ever moving, ever thinking, ever active, and unfortunately ever-seeking their end at an unacceptably accelerated pace. It was tragic how easily avoidable all this was. Being capable of such devastation and also unable to change was the failing of the entire species. Through inaction, human beings had missed countless opportunities to adjust the balance of their existence and increase their chances of survival. Dr. Benson was speaking. Her voice pierced through the surrounding pulse of sound with a completely different pitch; one, which Klaatu could easily differentiate from all other sounds he had heard since awakening. She seemed calmer than she had been when he found her, and was speaking of the music he had heard at the home of Professor Barnhardt. She had called it, Bach and proceeded to explain the concept behind the descriptor. Bach, was a human of musical accomplishment, and in this music, Klaatu had heard evidence of a greater consciousness other than rampant destruction. The language of music, its notation, creation of instruments and execution of the sound was a breathtaking revelation, and he found himself silently captivated by her explanation. The human spirit was diverse and capable of such wonderful creation. The music, like her voice, pierced the veil of noise that was the world. Bach s music, like her voice and like the cast of burning eyes, which glinted molten brown beneath the weak lamp light - made him pause and yearn to explore and investigate each curious facet of this short, remaining experience on earth that was beautiful and worthy of being remembered after his mission was complete. \"So we're not so different after all.\" Professor Barnhardt wore a strange little smile as he watched Klaatu s eyes drift closed over the haunting strains of the classical music. Klaatu took a moment to draw away from the intoxicating allure of the sound, opening his eyes to catch the openly curious stare of Dr. Benson s eyes. This time they were grey. \"I wish that were true.\"[Chapter 3] It was difficult for Helen not to be affected by the disturbingly human visage of the alien in front of her. His body carried the weight and structure of a man in his mid thirties, tall, straight and of a musculature and build that was average. Other physical attributes were normal, but there was something in his air and manner of speaking that was noticeably alien. Despite herself, she was fascinated. His facial expression carried a careful neutrality that she felt was not a result of careful deliberation but ignorance. He simply did not have the mental or emotional references to display any other facial expression. In spite of the strangeness of his physical appearance, Helen felt herself inexorably drawn to his openness to conversation. The fact that it flowed so effortlessly between them - a complex, rapid-fire counterpoint of arguments and theories was... startlingly refreshing. Her brilliant mind felt awakened, engaged and intellectually stimulated to the point where she almost got lost in the exchange. Despite the circumstances, a part of Helen felt a sense relief to be able to communicate freely at a level where she did not have to pause or apologise for sudden shifts in her train of thought or directions in the train of the discussion. He was incredibly knowledgeable and their conversation could not help but veer into the scientific. She would bet a thousand bucks that he was some sort of intellectual on whatever planet he was from. The concepts she could not grasp, he explained and was able to make connections and correlations between theories that left her near open-mouthed at their intellectual merit. In addition to the staggeringly super-human mental and physical abilities he possessed, she had seen his mind in action with Barnhardt, and from their exchange it was clear that he was an intelligent life form, but the things he uttered now, were astronomically advanced and bordered on an intellect light-years ahead of the human consciousness. As she watched him, conflicting emotions assaulted her. She could not deny that his ability to reason was beyond anything she had ever hoped to encounter in her short life. Being awakened to such a superior level of discourse was having a definite and specific physiological effect that she could not control. Helen tried to reposition the urgency of the situation at the front of her mind. The fate of the world rested on these few moments she had alone with him, every instant of this interaction was crucial. She had to try to reach him in some way; to show him the merits of survival for the human race. She found herself watching him intently. His gaze had drifted off to one side as if he was so absorbed inwardly in processing what he was saying, that he was seeing the concepts he spoke of before his eyes in some alternate dimension of thought. His intensity was alarmingly attractive and a quiver of awareness tingled uninvited trough her. Instantly, his eyes snapped back to hers, a new arrested light of interest colouring his dark gaze. His voice interrupted Helen s thoughts with a question, and for a moment, her mind went completely blank as a rush of warmth suffused her cheeks. Clearly, his curiosity was winning over his earlier scientific interest, successfully enough to allow him to turn the conversation in such a startlingly intimate direction. Clearing her throat, Helen tried to suppress her reaction, her legs unconsciously sliding closed. Exhaling on an embarrassed laugh she hesitated as her mind struggled to attempt to formulate an answer.[Chapter 4] Author's note: I don't own anything, but I really like the film. I've also never written anything like this before. Forgive me if this comes off reading like a medical instruction manual. Several moments later, when his question had gone unanswered, Klaatu drew his gaze from Dr. Benson s eyes downward over her seated form. It struck him suddenly that he had in some way provoked a considerable biological reaction in her. Intrigued, his attention became absorbed in the remarkable emotional and physical response currently running through the human female before him. Dr. Helen Benson s cheeks were blushed red, clearly some internal response to the words he had spoken. More than that, there was some chemical shift in the composition of her scent, and inconspicuously, Klaatu found himself breathing in deeper to draw the alluring flavour in through his nostrils and along the sensory neutrons of her olfactory glands. An unexpected shiver raced along his human nervous system as the scent fired a surge of heat through the human body encasing him. Surprised at his own reaction, he found his human senses savouring the increased level of pheromones with their distinctively feminine essence. The resulting sensations were remarkable. And, for a moment he was completely distracted by the experience. He found his gaze unintentionally following the line of her body downward along the closed seam of her jean-clad legs. What had he asked her? Ah. Ovulation. She was ovulating, and he had asked her whether she could feel the exact moment of her readiness to procreate. Human biological systems were something he specialized in and was one of the reasons he had been selected for this particular mission. Though he was considered knowledgeable, he was virtually untutored when it came to how these human systems interacted with the internal construct of the human mind - emotion, motivation and psyche. How had the humans, despite their clear intelligence, not been evolve past their inherent destructiveness? It was the eternal question for his planet. It was certainly not a dilemma he found relating to Dr. Helen Benson. Her sharp intellect was impressive and he felt that unlike Professor Barnhardt, she had the ability to open her mind up to progressing concepts forward into new schools of thought, rather than hammering them one against the other. It was...refreshing, and showed him a glimmer of what his people had hoped for when first learning of the dilemma of the Earth s survival. Klaatu had not realized the intensely private nature of the topic. He spoke of ovulation like any other internal human system, and yet, his question had triggered something, and continued to stimulate her readiness for inter-gender relations. He was breathing quietly, but deeply as he waited, drawing as much of her delicious scent into his body as possible. Internally, he acknowledged his own physiological response and made a mental note of the varying degrees of reaction. Initiated by her scent, the effects provoked awareness of Dr. Benson s other physical features such as the aesthetically pleasing shape of her face, the inviting texture of her creamy skin and the particular shape of her lips as she spoke. Academically, Klaatu understood that this was human male desire, a preface to arousal and a signal of a male s readiness for intercourse. It was just another biological interaction that was common among humans and enabled the continuance of the species. Academically, he had been prepared for it. To experience it, however, gave a completely different perspective. One thing was for certain, he, like most human men was responding incredibly to the visual stimuli of the woman seated across from him. What was more incredible was that she, in turn, was responding just as intensely to his physical assessment of her. ","Summary":" Author's note: **Disclaimer: I don't own anything. Not sure whether this will be longer. We'll see "},{"Movie":"Cats Don't Dance","Title":"Dad","Author":"Tomocopter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9271651","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Knock Knock Danny's eyes shot open at the sound of someone at his door, squinting through the early morning light to read the time. 7 a.m. Too early for any of his usual visitors, and Sawyer would have the good sense to use her key if she was going to visit this early. He pulled himself out of bed, and began his slow trudge towards the source of the noise. 'Coming, coming...' In his tiredness it took him some time to finally get his door open, and once he did he threw it open to reveal a tall, middle-aged orange tabby beaming down at him. 'I take it your time away from the farm has been kind to you so?' Danny's brain suddenly awoke. 'Dad!' he smiled, throwing his arms around the bigger cat and having his hug returned with great gusto. 'What are you doing here? I didn't even know you were leaving the farm!' The older cat released his son, and began to get his belongings in order. 'I was a few miles north sorting out a few sales. I had a couple of days free, so I figured I should wander down and spend some time with my famous boy. Starting to miss seeing you back home'. He picked up his bag and smirked at his youngest son. 'So, are you going to invite me in?' Seán Kelly was a big man for a cat, and looked very well for a man well into his forties. He and his wife had left Ireland to set up a new life for themselves in America when they were barely gone twenty, and since then they had set up a decent life for themselves, with a farm and five children. Danny always thought he carried the air of a man content with his lot in life. It hadn't taken long before Seán began to explore his son's home, examining the nooks and crannies of his apartment. It seemed as if he was checking to make sure his son's hard working nature had remained. 'I must say Dan, this isn't a bad place you have for yourself. Don't let your mother near it now, it'll be overrun with all of her knitted shite.' Danny laughed at that. His father was never a very sentimental man, and his affection was almost always shown through teasing. Good to see nothing had changed. 'What are your plans for the day, Pop?' 'Absolutely nothing. I was hoping to maybe spend a bit of time with you young man, seeing as how long it's been since we've seen each other! Maybe even meet that lovely young lady you've been cavorting with.' 'I'd like that! I've gotta go to the studio for a few hours, but how about you and me meet after that. I'll even bring Sawyer!' Danny pulled on his hat, but then turned back to give his father a cautionary look. 'Listen, I know Sawyer's gonna love you and all, but maybe go a little easy on her when you meet. She wa nervous enough meeting Ben, and he's just Ben.' 'I'll be as nice as you could want me to be. Besides, your mother would have me killed if I scared her off.' Since arriving in set that morning, Danny hadn't gotten to spend any time with Sawyer. Both had spent the morning running from set to set, and hadn't had a chance to say two words to each other. Once Danny finally saw her by herself he cornered her, figuring this was the last chance he would get to warn her. Sawyer was a very confident, together sort of woman, and not the sort or person Danny figured should need to be nervous about anything. Still, she didn't have much family herself, so he knew it would be cruel to introduce her to a family the size of his anyway other than gently. Danny threw his arm around Sawyer's shoulders, and pressed a kiss to her temple. 'Hey you. How's your day been?' She smiled up at him. 'It's been rough. I'm finished now though, but I figured I'd wait around for you, see if you ever actually finish up here.' She reached up to kiss his cheek. 'So, what do you wanna do today?' Now was as good a time to break the news as he was going to get. 'Funny you should mention that, you and I have plans for this afternoon!' 'Oh? And what are these plans you've been holding back from me?' He shot her a guilty smile at that. 'Well, it turns out my Dad came into town...' It took her a moment to understand the significance of what he had just said, when it suddenly hit her all at once. 'Your Dad?! Danny, why didn't you warn me? I could have prepared myself, I don't want the gut to think-' Danny cut her off with a quick peck on the lips. 'What are you talking about, you don't need to prepare or anything! Dad's gonna love you as much as I do! Well, maybe not exactly like I do...' He trailed off, a blush rising to his cheeks. Sawyer buried her face in Danny's shoulder, trying to push back whatever embarrassment she was feeling. She had gotten on with anyone in Danny's family she had met like a house on fire, so she figured it couldn't go too badly. 'If this goes badly I'm holding you personally responsible. ' ","Summary":" Knock Knock Danny's eyes shot open at the sound of someone at his door, squinting through the early"},{"Movie":"Cats Don't Dance","Title":"Uncertainty of War","Author":"TwilightSparkle3562","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12761084","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own \"Cats Don't Dance\" or its characters. They are property of Warner Bros. Pictures and their affiliates. \"Uncertainty of War\" By TwilightSparkle3562 \"Get a Picture, Boys! These kids are going to be making history!\" … Those were the words LB Mammoth declared when we managed to prove in the eyes of Hollywood that we were more than animals. And we certain were on the road to be making history. The future looked bright and seemed like nothing in the world was going to stop us in any way possible. Then, came September 1st, 1939. It seemed like any other day at Mammoth Studios. My girlfriend and frequent co-star, Sawyer Cat, had just completed work for an all animal version of Hamlet when our director Flannigan, had some important news for us. \"LB wants to see you in his office,\" he said to us. \"It's something that I think you need to understand.\" \"What do you mean, Flannigan? Did we do something wrong?\" \"No, its nothing you did wrong, Danny,\" replied Flannigan. \"It's just something that you need to know about this beyond the studio's control.\" Sawyer and I could tell from the look on Flannigan's face that something was indeed wrong. Still, we hoped that it was nothing too serious. \"Danny,\" asked Sawyer as we walked toward LB's office. \"Something seems a little off, don't you think? I mean, did you look at Flannigan's face?\" \"Yeah, I can't argue with you on that, Sawyer,\" I answered. \"I don't know what's going on. I mean, did we do something wrong at the premiere?\" But, Sawyer was quick to remind. \"No, we did not,\" she reassured me. \"That was the night we came together, Danny. Remember it.\" I smiled briefly as I was grateful for Sawyer to remind me of the positive aspects of that memorable night when we all finally reached our goals. Still, there was the matter of LB to deal with. \"Come in,\" he called after we had knocked on the door and we walked into his large office. \"Ah, Danny, Sawyer, I've been expecting you.\" \"Flannigan told us that you want to see us, Mr. Mammoth,\" said Sawyer, shutting the door behind us. \"Are we doing something wrong on the movie?\" \"No, you're doing flawlessly, Sawyer,\" reassured LB, motioning for us to sit at his desk. \"It's just that, that there is something happening that is beyond the studio's control and I felt that you both needed to be the first to know.\" \"So, what is it, sir?\" \"Germany has invaded Poland.\" The sounds of how he said those words sent chills down both our feline spines. We had both known for a long time that Germany had been on the move in Europe, but neither of us would believe that it would come down to this. \"What has that got to do with us?\" \"Because every single picture we produce at this studio is going to be affected,\" sighed LB as he walked over towards the window to look down at his studio. \"Like all major studios, we have a European market and if the market is cut off, we are going to be in serious trouble.\" Almost immediately, Sawyer and I gave worried glances to each other. The sounds in LB's voice were a sign that what was going in Europe was going to spread throughout the world. \"Can't the Polish government do something about it?\" wondered Sawyer. \"If you are saying that this is the beginning of a new war, then…\" \"I'm afraid that it may be the beginning of a new war, Sawyer,\" interrupted LB, sitting back at his desk. \"Clearly, Hollywood is going to be affected and if the United States is directly affected by the enemy, then many of you are going to be drafted to serve in the military. I was a witness to the Great War 25 years ago and I saw the damages it did to people, not just through military conflicts. There is not going to be any diplomacy to solve this conflict. Either way, Mammoth Studios is going to be involved in this war, so I suggest you gather your fellow animal friends and prepare them for what is to come.\" … Both of us left LB's office with worried and distressed looks on our faces. Although we still had our hopes that this conflict would be solved immediately, the meeting with LB quickly dashed those hopes. \"Sawyer, I feel scared,\" I said as we walked down the hall. \"Me too, Danny,\" she replied, her paw touching mine. \"Me too. What are we going to do?\" \"We need to prepare for this, Sawyer. Let's get together at Chasen's tonight and discuss this with every one of our fellow animals.\" \"I agree, Danny. It's better to be open minded about this than to be in denial about it. How does 7:00 work for you?\" \"Works good for me.\" So, we left the studio and told our core of friends and co-stars: Tillie Hippo, Frances Fish, TW Turtle, Cranston Goat, Woolie Mammoth and Pudge Pudgemeyer to meet us at Chasen's Southern Pit that night. Dressed in the same clothes we wore to the \"Lil Ark Angel\" premiere, we all gathered in a private room so as to keep our conversations secret. \"I wanted to thank you for coming tonight,\" I said to our small group of friends. \"Well, we I had nothing to do tonight, anyway,\" said Tillie. \"At least it gets me out to do something, if you ask me.\" \"I suppose you also heard the news, son,\" added Woolie, drinking a cup of coffee through his trunk. \"Poland has fallen to Germany. War is evident.\" \"That's why we asked you to come tonight,\" said Sawyer. \"LB sounded very concerned about what is going on in Europe and he says that it is going to affect Hollywood.\" \"Oh, great,\" moaned Frances. \"First Darla, and now a couple of boys in shorts are causing chaos in a place not even remotely close to here?\" \"I fought in the first war,\" remarked Cranston, looking over towards his dancing partner and then to us. \"Let me tell you, I have seen what those Germans are capable of. They're monsters with no decency and no regard for human nor animal life.\" \"You fought in the first war?\" asked TW, nervously. \"Darn tootin' I did.\" \"So, what has that got to do with Hollywood?\" asked Pudge, looking over at me at the head of the table. \"What's that got to do with us?\" \"It's very clear from what LB said that we are going to deal with some of the repercussions of what is going on Europe. Hollywood has a European market that is going to be cut off which means our films are not going to be making as much money as they are now. To be honest, I feel scared.\" \"We are all feeling scared, Danny,\" said Woolie. \"Like Cranston, I fought in the first war down in Africa and I often wonder to myself if this was ever going to happen again. To my fears, it will. Britain is keeping a watchful eye to what is happening in Poland right now.\" \"Will you go back into the service and fight?\" asked Pudge. \"No son, I won't go back into the service and fight, even if I wanted to,\" answered Woolie. \"My purpose now is to perform on my piano and enlighten the hearts of others.\" It was then I had gotten an idea to help us cope with the growing tension that was stemming out of this growing conflict. What was more, the idea that was turning in my head was also draining away any growing anxiety I had. \"Then we need to do what we have always done,\" I said, slamming my paw down on the table. \"We need to keeping doing what we do best. Hollywood may be affected by this conflict, but we will have war weary audiences seeking an escape from the harsh realities of the world. That's how we are going to cope with all of this.\" All of us nodded in agreement as the sounds of the in-house jazz band were beginning to play their nightly ritual of getting patrons to dance. \"Might as well start coping right now,\" said Cranston as he got up and led Frances onto the dance floor. Woolie and Tillie did the same thing as well leaving me and Sawyer to bring up the rear. \"I think you got through to them, Danny,\" chuckled Sawyer as she removed her light blue cover skirt, revealing the sparkling green skirt she had underneath it along with her matching light blue hat. \"As long as we keep doing what we love, we can survive this war.\" \"I think we can agree on that,\" I replied removing my green suit jacket and black bow tie before leading my lady onto the dance floor as Pudge and TW watched from the table. We never knew what this growing war was going to affect on our careers, but all that matters is our bonds remain strong as ever. … THE END ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own \"Cats Don't Dance\" or its characters. They are property of Warner Bros. "},{"Movie":"Cats Don't Dance","Title":"Love Forever","Author":"allanaboone","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9208649","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Danny and Sawyer were getting married in hollywood after only knowing each other a few months because they were so in love. Sawyer bought a big white dress with lots of lace and danny wore a white tux and he looked really handsome and sawyer thought he was the best looking man she had ever seen and Danny thought she was the most beautiful kitty kat ever, and when her dad was walking her down the aisle he started to cry because of how beautiful she was. The priest performed the ceremony and Danny and Sawyer both wrote their own vows and read them to each other, and everyone was crying because they knew that Danny and Sawyer were soulmates and were meant to be together. When the priest said that they were married Danny was so happy he dipped Sawyer and gave her a big kiss in front of everyone and they all wolf-whistled, but they didn't care because they only cared about each other. Danny and Sawyer were dancing together at their wedding and they were surrounded by all of their family and friends who were watching their first dance as husband and wife as danny spun her all around the dance floor, but Sawyer kept up because she was such a good dancer and spent a lot of time dancing with Danny. Suddenly Danny stopped, and Sawyer looked at him with a confused face and he looked really strange. Suddenly danny grabbed his chest and fell to the ground. Everyone started screaming and running to Danny to try to help, and Sawyer was standing over him screaming 'NOOOOOOOOOO, DANNY I'M PREGNANT SOMEBODY HELP'. One of Sawyer's relatives was a doctor and went over to try and help Danny while Sawyer's mam and dad led her away and Danny's parents went over to see what was wrong with their son. Sawyer and her parents and Danny's parents were at his bed in the hospital. Danny had be unconcious for the whole day and no one knew why or what was wrong with him. They were looking up at the bear doctor who was in the room. 'Danny had a heart attack and is in a coma. He might never wake up.' Sawyer started to cry. 'But we just got married and we're going to have a baby, what am I supposed to so without him?' The doctor looked really upset after that. 'All we can do is try to take good care of you and your baby. Please come with me and I can make sure you're okay. Sawyer had to leave Danny alone with just their parents, and she was so sad that she couldn't be with her husband on her wedding day/ Her parents and Dannys parent had decided to stay with her in her and Dannys big hollywood mansion because they were so worried about her and her baby. She went to the hospital everyday and sat next to him and told him about being pregnant but he never woke up. One day when she was 5 months pregnant one of the daughters brought her into another room so that he could examine the baby before she went in to Danny. The doctor examined her and then looked up at her with a big smile and exclamined 'You're having twins!' Sawyer was so happy to be having twins, but she was also really sad because that meant that there would be two babies who would never know they're daddy. She went in to see him and whispered in her ear 'We're going to have two little babies, you need to wake up so you can meet them', but he stayed asleep. Sawyer was 9 months pregnant and she was sitting next to danny's dad by danny's bed. Suddenly she felt her pants get wet, and Danny's dad jumped up and yelles 'Your water just broke! That means you're going into labour! I need to get the doctor!' Quickly the doctor ran in and brought her to another room, wear she went into labour. She was in a lot of pain but she didn't mind because she knew that meant she would have her babies soon. First she had her little boy, Gene, and then her girl Michaela. She was so happy to be a mom , but she wanted to cry because Danny wasn't around. Suddenly Danny's dad ran in 'DANNY'S AWAKE, DANNY'S AWAKE.' Sawyer was shocked and grabbed her son while Danny's dad grabbed Michaela and they ran into Danny's room. He was sitting up and smiling. 'WE have babies?' he asked with a big smile.' Sawyer started to cry, and gave him a big kiss. 'I must have woken up so that I could meet them.' Everyone started to cry, and Danny got a chance to hold Gene and Michaela. It was the happiest day of their lives. ","Summary":" Danny and Sawyer were getting married in hollywood after only knowing each other a few months becau"},{"Movie":"Cats Don't Dance","Title":"Demonic Dimple","Author":"crabula290e","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9492175","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sawyer sighed as she walked down the DD studio lot. She absolutely couldn't believe that she was actually going to go through with this. Her agent had actually signed her name upon a movie contract without her permission. Well technically she gave her permission, but she was busy at the time so she didn't actually have time to give the contract a good look. She just signed her name to it. She was of course highly regretting this decision now. She wasn't sure what kind of movie she had gotten herself roped into. All she knew was that the studio that was making the movie, had just popped out of nowhere overnight. For some reason the place made Sawyer's fur stand on edge. The studio lot was covered in all sorts of pink hearts, clouds and flowers. And that just made Sawyer ponder about the sanity of the studio owner. She finally made it to the main building which just seemed to be covered in even more incredibly effeminate things which made Sawyer cringe. She simply wasn't a fan of a lot of that incredibly girly stuff. Sure she would wear dresses, but she just couldn't stand things that were just so prissy and cute that they would make her want to vomit. She was directed by a secretary towards the office she was supposed to head to. When she arrived, she found that the office was the worst of the bunch. The room was covered with frills, hearts and stuffed animals. It was the stuff that nightmares were made out of. In the middle of the room sat a big desk with a large looming chair behind it that was facing backwards. \"Well well well, I'm certainly glad you could join us miss kitty cat. I've been looking very forward to seeing you\" Said a familiar high pitched voice that seemed to be filled with both glee and hate. Sawyer noticed the voice sounded familar, however she couldn't quite place her finger on where she knew it from. \"Umm.. Ok?\" She had no idea why this person would be so happy to see her. Perhaps they were just a big fan of her acting. \"Yeah I'm here about the job. I sort of accidentally signed the contract when I thought I was signing a check.. And I'm not entirely sure what kind of role I signed up for.\" A large burst of evil sounding laughter came from the chair as it swung around. \"Well isn't that a fun little twist.\" In the chair sat the one and hopefully the only, Darla Dimple. She was the former so called angel of Hollywood. She was a self centered, maniacal, and all around obnoxious, prima donna who had once been the most beloved child actress in the world. However that ended after she was rightfully dethroned by a love able group of singing and dancing animals. One of whom happened to be Sawyer. Her cold vicious eyes stared at Sawyer as though she were some type of toy she could play with and then throw to a rabid dog as a chew toy. Sawyer gulped. \"Well.. I certainly wasn't expecting this little development.\" She knew that she was most certainly doomed. \"Oh relax miss kitty cat, I'm not going to have you harmed. Not right now anyway. We have a contract after all.\" She smirked. \"And I'm certainly not going to waste that.\" Sawyer growled. \"Alright Dimple spill the beans. What're you doing here? Last I saw, you were working as a janitor.\" \"Oh that was just a mere bump in the road. After you and your friends utterly humiliated me in public like you did, I had to dip into my savings. Luckily I made a few wise investments which helped make me bigger and better than ever. Though while I made my fortune, I couldn't help but think about all the pain and humiliation I had to go through. That is what drove me to buy my own studio, \"Umm.. Didn't you sort of humiliate yourself? I mean we didn't actually do anything to you. Your sort of the one who did all that stuff which completely backfired on you. And don't you think your overreacting a bit? You spent millions and millions of dollars simply so you could get revenge on a bunch of animals who never actually did anything to you.\" Sawyer said as she raised her eyebrow and added some logic to the conversation. Darla glared at sawyer, her eyes getting even deadlier. \"That's besides the point. The point is that you are now working for me. Your very tightly locked contract clearly states that you have to star in at least 3 movies made by Darling Dimple studios.\" Her devilish smile grew onto her face, growing to lengths I didn't think the human face was actually capable of mustering. \"And I do believe I know just the roles for you Ms kitty cat.\" Sawyer gulped as fear gripped her chest. She was certainly going to learn her lesson from this experience. Always read a contract before you sign it. ","Summary":" Sawyer sighed as she walked down the DD studio lot. She absolutely couldn't believe that she was ac"},{"Movie":"Cats Don't Dance","Title":"With All My Heart","Author":"WordNerb93","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7927992","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Well, Cats Don't Dance fans, here is my next contribution to this archive! Now, I decided to hit the rewind button on my stories. Before I get into what happens after my earlier one-shot, I'm going back to explain how Danny and Sawyer ended up in Hollywood. We all know the general idea behind Danny's journey, but I wanted to add in specifics. And, lastly, I don't own Cats Don't Dance . If I did, there would be more than just a movie. The Rhythm of the Heart Eight year old Daniel Scott Cat walked out of the theater, but his mind remained inside. His older sister, Bethany Sarah Cat, kept a tight grip on his paw as she dragged him out. \"Hurry up, Danny! Dad said he would leave without us if we didn't hurry!\" \"I know, Beth, quit it!\" Danny picked up the pace, but as he did, he continued to think of the movie. This was the first time he had gone to the movies. His father had always had something for Danny to do or couldn't go into town that day. And he wouldn't let any them go into town by themselves. Finally, the day had come that there was nothing stopping them. They had loaded up into their father's truck and headed into town. Danny wondered if all movies were that great. As they emerged from the theater, they spotted their father's green truck. Their father was talking to a light grey wolf. Danny grinned. It was Mr. Lupine. That meant that Roy was around. The movie momentarily forgotten, Danny began to look for him. He spotted a white pair of ears inside the bed of his father's truck. Danny managed to break out of Beth's grip and ran, laughing, for the truck. As he began to climb into the back of the truck, the nine year old white wolf cub reached out a paw. \"Need help?\" he asked with a smug grin. Danny frowned but, despite the fact that he, as a cat, was better at climbing, he was unable to get into the truck bed. He grabbed Roy's paw and, with Roy's help, was able to scramble into the truck. \"So, how was it?\" Roy asked. Roy had been astounded when he found out that Danny was going to the movies for the first time. Since his father owned the general store and they lived in town, Roy had gone many times before. Danny grinned again. \"It was amazing! I've never seen dancing like that!\" In fact, Danny had only seen dancing at the annual Farmers' Dance and, since he was often playing with his friends, never really paid much attention to it. Roy laughed. \"What's so funny?\" asked Danny. \"Dancing like that has been in all the movies I've seen,\" Roy boasted. \"ROY!\" he father exclaimed and, as usual, Roy flinched and changed his story: \"Well, some of the movies I've seen.\" Mr. Lupine didn't tolerate dishonesty, especially from his own son. Unfortunately, Roy had a habit of exaggerating his stories to seem better. Danny didn't mind. He found it a little funny that Roy did exaggerated so much. \"I wonder how they do it,\" Danny said, with a thoughtful look on his face. Roy quickly said, \"What does it matter? It's not like we could be in the movies.\" Danny had often gotten into trouble after that look had appeared and Roy was regularly dragged in, too. At this point, Beth jumped into the truck bed. Danny, still looking thoughtful, replied, \"It looks fun.\" At this, he stood up and tried to mimic one of the dance moves he had seen in the movie. To his surprise, not only did he get it right, but it felt right, too. He instinctively knew what to do. Beth and Roy simply stared in amazement as Danny continued to dance, enjoying himself as never before. He managed to get all the moves right. That is, until he reached the finale. On the finishing move, he slipped and fell backwards. He fell off the back of the truck. Before he hit the ground, however, he felt his father's arms catch him. \"Danny, what are you doing?\" he asked. Beth was quick to answer. \"He was trying to dance like the people in the movie. And he was doing it, Dad! He only messed up right at the end!\" \"Well, Thomas, it looks like your son has quite a gift,\" said Mr. Lupine, coming around to the back of the truck. \"I've seen quite a bit of dancing before moving to Kokomo and I can tell you, that was not a simple dance. It may not be extremely difficult, but most people wouldn't be able to do so much on their first try.\" Danny's father laughed. \"That may be, but I doubt it will be more than that. After all, the Caleigh family line has been farmers for generations. Coming to America didn't change that, even if it changed our name. Danny may get into more trouble than I like, but he still is great on the farm and I bet that's where he'll stay.\" Mr. Lupine shrugged. \"Maybe. Time will tell. Speaking of which,\" he turns to Roy, \"it's about time for us to be heading home, son.\" \"Okay. Bye, Danny. Bye, Beth.\" Roy jumps out of the truck as Danny's father climbs in the cab. \"Bye, Roy!\" Danny and Beth say as the wolves walk away. On the way home, Danny began to wonder about what Mr. Lupine had said. Danny had enjoyed that dancing so much. He wanted to learn more dancing, but he didn't know how. He decided that he would go back to the movies every chance he got, to learn the dancing that would be in them. He'd have to find a way to convince his father to let him go more often. He also wondered at what his father had said. He, like most kids his age, didn't like chores, but he had never thought of doing anything besides farming. At least, not until today. Before his mind could travel farther down this path, they arrived home. Danny was quickly distracted by the smell of his mother's cooking. He jumped out of the truck and ran for the house. Just before reaching the porch, an orange blur tackled him. \"Brian!\" Danny shouted, struggling futilely to escape his older brother's grasp. Brian Fergus Cat laughed, but before he could do anything, Beth reached the pair. \"Brian, do I have to tell Mom?\" Brian, although bigger and stronger, was still unwilling to test his twin sister's resolve. He quickly released Danny. \"Sorry, Danny. I couldn't resist!\" he said with a look of sincerity. Danny, rubbing his arm, glared at him. \"Just like yesterday, and the day before that?\" They managed to hold their expressions for about three seconds longer before breaking out in laughter. Beth, shaking her head, simply muttered, \"Boys!\" before brushing past them. \"So, Danny, how was the movie?\" Brian asked as they followed Beth inside. \"It was amazing! The best part was the dancing!\" Danny said excitedly. Brian grinned. \"Yeah, dancing like that isn't seen 'round here.\" Danny opened his mouth, about to tell Brian about his attempt at dancing, when their mother entered the room and engulfed Danny in a large hug. \"How was your first trip to the movies, Danny?\" she inquired. Danny grinned as she guided him into the kitchen. \"It was great! I-\" \"Daie!\" Danny's little sister, Mary Ann Cat, interrupted. She walked over to Danny, and hugged him. \"I hewp!\" Danny's mother laughed quietly. \"Yes you did, Mary. Now, why you go get Daddy and tell him?\" She nodded, than took off as fast as her little legs could carry her. \"Now,\" Danny's mother said, turning to the boys, \"who's hungry?\" As they ate, the family conversation eventually turned to talking about their day. \"So, Danny, did you tell anyone about the dancing?\" Beth asked. \"Yes, he did. He told me,\" Brian said, before Danny could answer. \"Why does it matter?\" \"Don't you think Danny could be a great dancer?\" Beth asked, a little confused. Brian laughed. \"A dancer? He's never even tried dancing!\" Danny felt angry that his brother was insulting him that way. \"I bet I could dance better than you!\" he shouted. \"Boys-\" their mother began, but she was cut off by Brian. \"Really? How about we prove it? And whoever loses has to do both persons chores for a week!\" Danny grinned. \"Deal!\" \"Boys!\" They both jumped and turned to their mother. \"I'm ashamed at you two! Arguing over a little something like dancing. I should-\" \"Now, dear. Why don't we let them do this? After all, they figured out a way to solve it by themselves,\" Danny's father said. \"In fact, I think I'll pull out some old records for their little competition.\" With that, before there were any protests, he got up and walked out. Brian turned to Danny and gave him a triumphant grin. \"I'm going to enjoy this week!\" Danny just grinned back. The family gathered around the record player. \"Do you boys know any dances?\" asked their father. \"I know the one from the movie!\" Danny said excitedly. \"I know that one, too,\" said Brian. \"Well, you're in luck. I have the song that goes with it, right here.\" He pulled out a dusty record and placed it on the record player. \"I think you should try this one at a time. If you don't, you might run into each other. Since Brian is the oldest, he'll go first.\" They both nodded and their father started up the record player. As the music began to play, Brian started to dance. However, Danny could tell that Brian wasn't that good. He slipped a couple times, forgot some of the moves, and couldn't keep up with the music. He wasn't horrible, but Danny knew that he was better. When Brian finished, everyone else clapped for him. \"I think I have this one,\" Brian said as he moved aside for Danny. Beth giggled and said, \"Don't be too sure!\" Their father started the music again. Danny, who had been trying to remember all the moves from the movie, immediately lost himself in the music. He knew what to do and when to do it, even though the details from the movie had already faded. Everything else seemed to disappear as he danced. Although he didn't realize it, he was fast approaching the move that he had messed up in the truck. Beth was smiling as she watched her little brother dance. Brian was standing with his mouth hanging open as Danny easily out danced him. Their mother was astonished and had to sit down. Their father was watching Danny while thinking of how right Mr. Lupine had been. Even Mary, who wasn't old enough to understand what this was about, was quiet, her eyes fixed on her brother. Danny twirled through the ending, and this time he did not slip up. As the music faded, Danny looked at his family. There was only silence. Danny began to worry. Why wasn't anyone saying anything? He almost jumped when Brian spoke. \"I guess I have extra chores this week.\" Then, he grinned. \"I guess I owe you an apology, Danny. How did you get so good without us knowing?\" Danny shrugged. \"I didn't know I liked it or how good I was until today.\" Danny felt his father's paw on his shoulder. \"I think you have a future in this after all, Danny. But, for that to happen, I need to get you a teacher.\" Danny turned and hugged his father tightly. \"Now, how about you show us some more,\" he said. He put a different record in and started the music. Danny grinned, then started to dance again. As he moved with the music, he felt his heart move with the rhythm. His family watched with joy and awe as Danny moved with the rhythm. A rhythm he felt in his heart. So, what do you think? To be honest, I'm not sure this is among my better works. I actually wrote this months ago and never got around to writing the next couple of chapters. A little while ago, I decided to upload it in case I decided I wanted to write more. So, I finally just ran through it, did some minor editing, and here it is. Hopefully I'll get the next chapter up relatively soon. I already have a whole slew of characters for Kokomo! So, drop me a review and tell me what you think. Oh! And, if you have a character you'd like to place, go ahead and suggest it! I have a couple limits: any OC cannot be Danny's best friend (that's Roy) and it can't be a romantic interest. I won't say why for the last one for spoiler reasons. Unless you really want me to, in which case, you'll need to PM me. So, again, review! Tell me if you want more! ","Summary":" Well, Cats Don't Dance fans, here is my next contribution to this archive! Now, I decided to hit th"},{"Movie":"Cats Don't Dance","Title":"Spero","Author":"Tomocopter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9119563","Passage":"[Chapter 1] She didn't know what to do with his hat. Part of her thought she should just throw it away. She had no way of getting it back to him, and she was never one for sentiment. What point was there to holding onto a memento from an almost-potential love interest who she would never see again? Getting rid of it was probably the only way she could move on from all of this anytime soon. She should get rid of it. She eventually managed to make her way home, rushing home through the rain in an attempt to avoid seeing anyone she recognised from the arc incident. All of this was hard enough as it was. Part of her wanted to find Tillie, and talk with her about what had happened since she had left the diner, but even if she did, what could she say to her? Yeah, so I managed to just about miss the man who may have been the love of my life, and chances are I'll never see him again. I managed to save a memento though, where do you think I should put it? Not a conversation she was prepared to have right now. She fell into her chair once she reached the house, and took another chance to examine his hat. She really should get rid of it. If she kept it around, it would only give herself another excuse to kid herself that he might actually come back. Small chance of that happening now. She closed her eyes, and tried to suppress any thoughts she might have of a future where she finally achieved her dreams, and especially any kind of future with him in it. It was nearly embarrassing how miserably she was failing on all counts. If you're gonna be pathetic Sawyer, you may as well just go for it. She sighed to herself as she took out his list, accepting her total lack of willpower. Go to Hollywood - Check. Get an agent - Check. Get discovered. She smiled at that one. After the days event there was no doubt in her mind that his was a name that none of the big-wigs in Hollywood would forget anytime soon. She'd have to mark that one off for him later. It'd be nice to see his list at least half full. What would he do once he got home? There was little worse in the world than explaining to the people you loved where it all went wrong, she knew that better than most. She was more impressed that he had the guts to face it. Even when she had totally given up on her dream she had never been able to go back to face her friends and family knowing that she was a failure, not really. Everyone always saw her as such a strong person, but that was one area where she was painfully weak. All she could handle was an annual trip back to her father, where he became increasingly worried as he was forced to watch his only child became a shell of her former self. Maybe it's kinder to stay. She was broken out of her thoughts by the sound of her phone ringing. Tillie, she thought. She nearly let it ring out, but she knew that wasn't fair. Hell, she was the only one who really understood how she felt about all of this, and Sawyer was in no position to turn away sympathizers And if she left it any longer Tillie would just think that she had stopped him, which was much worse. She reached for her phone. Hi, Tillie. No, I didn't make it. It's okay, I'm okay. No, you don't have to come over. Really, I'll be okay. I just need some time alone, I'll get some sleep. I'll call you in the morning. Yeah, I'm sorry too . She hung up, deciding that sleep wouldn't do her any harm after that day she had. Before that, she did have something to attend to. The hat. She picked it up, running a hand over the straw. Maybe I don't have to get rid of it tonight. I can deal with of all this tomorrow. She wandered out her bathroom bleary-eyed as she heard the mail arrive. In spite of her good intentions, sleep hadn't come to her as easily as she would have hoped. The sleep itself hadn't even been that restful, thanks to the presence of Danny. She still couldn't decide whether that was a good thing or not. Picking up her mail, and felt her heart skip a beat as she saw the L.B Mammoth logo staring back at her. She ripped at the envelope with shaking fingers, dreading to think of what what might be in store for them after all they had happened the day before. She had to reread the letter in her hand more than once before she could make sense of it. Invited to what now? Considering she was expecting to be sued just minutes before, this was an almost pleasant surprise. How could this have even happened? Looking down at her letter, suddenly it hit her. He couldn't have. She smiled to herself at that. It was one hell of a long shot, but she was willing to take the risk. She just needed one more thing. Nearly running to her living room, she took Danny's schedule out from his hat. You never know. ","Summary":" She didn't know what to do with his hat. Part of her thought she should just throw it away. She had"},{"Movie":"Cats Don't Dance","Title":"Cats Don't Direct","Author":"JetstreamSaberPotter1997","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8376707","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hi Im JetstreamSaberPotter and this is my first ever fanfic so be play nice ;) I Wrote A CDD Fanfic cuz there isn't enough Disclaimer: CDD came out the year I was born, idiots. Therefore, I own nothing Chapter 1 – The Big Picture and A Dire Situation EXTRA, EXTRA Hollywood Daily Gab Hollywood- the show biz circuit has laid on its collective ear this week as Tinsel Town veteran and bigwig L.B Mammoth resigned long-time star Daniel Cat-Kelligan to a lucrative deal that makes him the first animal director in Hollywood history. The multi-talented star of Mammoth Studios made his splashy debut in '' Singing In the Rain'' and has gone on to co-star Sawyer to become on of the most memorable dancing duos in big-screen history! When asked for the straight dope on this history-making movie, Danny was heard to say, ''you'll just have to wait and see, but I guarantee it'll be worth it!'' There you have it from the cat's meow, I mean mouth. Danny Cat-Kelligan has appeared in over 20 motion pictures, including ''American in Paris'', ''Deep In My Heart'', and ''It's Always Fair Weather''. He and Sawyer have also appeared in several Broadway productions, including the animal acted revival of ''Show Boat''. An ickle birdie told me that our creative feline is now working out the details of his script with the Mammoth Pictures Editing Squad, and shooting is reportedly scheduled to begin two weeks from now. L.B. Mammoth, head of Mammoth Studios, held up the headline for everyone in the boardroom to read. His face was beaming, and despite the spectacles over his eyes it was obvious that he was a happy camper. \"This publicity campaign's already been a smashing success,\" L.B. started in, interrupted by the board members' clapping. \"We've had a great deal of interest from movie houses across the country. Gentlemen, I feel that Danny's movie is the answer to the recent turndown we've had. If this film goes over big, we'll push a whole series of them!\" More clapping followed, then L.B.'s right-hand man and chief director Flanigan spoke up. \"Right you are, chief! This move stands to make L.B. Mammoth's name live forever in the shining memory of Hollywood!\" \"Well said, Flanigan,\" L.B. replied, \"and you're going to help.\" \"M…m…me, sir?\" Flanigan asked. \"But I thought Danny was directing this picture.\" \"He is, but he's not experienced yet. I want a veteran backing him as assistant director. Flanigan, you're the only man I trust for the job.\" Flanigan ducked his head a little, and it was clear he was not thrilled about playing second banana. \"Well, okay sir. If it's for the good of the studio.\" L.B. stood up. \"That's the answer I expected. Now, Danny informs me that the script should be back from the editors either today or tomorrow. Once it's finalized with the printers, get with him and make sure everything goes smoothly.\" With a nod, Flanigan left the room and L.B. asked the secretary to let Danny and Sawyer in. The dancing cat nearly flew into the room, exuberant and full of pep. L.B. shook the cat's hand. \"Danny, congratulations. You've made this studio one of the brightest lights in this old town, and earned quite a name for yourself.\" \"Gosh, thanks sir!\" Danny said, pumping his boss' hand. \"I can't take all the credit, though. It was a team effort—Sawyer, in particular helped convince me to take this step. We'll turn the movie industry on its ear again! Just wait!\" \"I'm sure you will. Now don't forget, the printers need your completed script draft from the editors by the end of the week. Don't let any copies get out, or the spies at our rival studios will either try to copy us or leak the storyline to the press.\" Danny snapped off a sharp salute. \"Don't worry, Mr. Mammoth, nothing's gonna stop us now!\" Sawyer grabbed Danny's arm. \"Come on, Mr. Unstoppable. We have a dinner date with the rest of the old crew, remember?\" Danny thanked every member of the board, then returned to Sawyer, bubbling with confidence. \"Yeah! A good meal will get the ol' creative juices going.\" Danny and Sawyer shook hands with L.B. at the door and headed out. They headed for the Brown Derby, where a reunion of sorts was going on. Danny had called all the animals they'd first worked with together, not only to talk over old times but to talk about being in his latest film. Some of them, like Pudge and Cranston, had been working some time at rival studios, but Danny had talked L.B. into pulling a few strings. Others either already worked for Mammoth Studios or had gone on to other jobs, but they had all eagerly gathered (well, Cranston never was eager about anything) to hear Danny pitch his ideas. They were seated in a private room, and once Danny was sure it was secure he took center stage, happy as a lark. \"Friends, Romans, farm animals, lend me your ears! I've written the greatest musical ever!\" Danny jumped on top of the big round table they were seated at, taking center stage as he took up the centerpiece off the white linen tablecloth. \"It'll be the retelling of a classic! A story with pathos, love, drama and heart!\" Cranston looked up at him, sarcastic. \"What's it called, 'Bippi Bippi Bop Bop'?\" Tilly clouted him, knocking his head through the table. \"Oh, Cranston! I'm sure it's gonna be a real hit!\" T.W. started quaking in his shell. \"It doesn't involve anything to do with the number 13, does it?\" Danny grinned, like he was sharing the best secret in the world. \"I'm doing a remake of 'A Streetcar Named Desire', but my new and improved version's called 'A Street Cat Named Desiree'!\" There was a good two-second pause for sheer shock value, then Cranston's mouth kicked back in gear. \"So in other words it's a complete rewrite.\" \"Wow!\" Pudge said. \"So do we all get to be in it, Danny?\" \"You bet! It's set in a college town down south, and it's all about an optimistic freshman college quarterback and a big city girl who loves to act, dance and sing, and it's how they both grow and learn from each other.\" \"That sure doesn't sound like the original story,\" Sawyer said. Danny had kept everything about the film secret up to this point, even from her. \"Do you think you can swing that past the audience?\" she asked. Danny waved off her concern. \"If they've seen the original, they'll love our version, believe me.\" Cranston crossed his arms, harrumphing. \"If there's an increase in seismic activity during filming, it'll be Tennessee Williams rolling in his grave…\" Frances, sitting next to him, nodded. \"Tell me about it, darling. I used to date his editor. Almost became my fourth husband.\" Tilly, never to be overly worried about anything, was overcome with excitement and jumped up and down, nearly knocking the giant derby off the restaurant's roof. \"Ooo, goodygoodygoody! It sounds exciting! When do we start filming?\" \"We don't have a lot of time,\" Danny said, retaking his seat at the table. \"The script needs to be ready in a week and filming begins in two weeks.\" Woolie the Mammoth, who had remained quiet to this point sipping on his peanut tea, spoke up. \"It sounds ambitious, Danny. But never fear, we're all with you. After all, you proved to us all that your dream was genuine. We were just fortunate to be along for the ride.\" Danny nodded and addressed the whole table. \"Okay, we all have a lot riding on this, though it may not seem like it—the first animal-directed movie. It'll be a victory for animals everywhere!\" Sawyer tapped Danny on the shoulder, breaking the exuberant cat out of his train of thought. \"And Danny's hired me as his casting director as well as his co-star. We're going to try to make this film an homage to the success of animal actors everywhere, so we'll be trying to pull in several of the classic animal actors for cameos.\" Sawyer checked her jewel-encrusted watch. \"Speaking of which, auditions are set to start this afternoon. I'd better get down there and head off the chaos.\" \"Okay, but one more thing first,\" Danny said, opening a bottle of champagne. They all filled their glasses for a toast, and Danny gave it. \"To dreams that came true, and to more on the way!\" Champagne glasses clinked all around, and the meeting broke up. Danny escorted Sawyer outside, and just as she was about to step out from under the Derby's awning, a cloudburst hit. \"Not now!\" Sawyer said. \"I spent half the morning at the beauty parlor. No way am I going to spoil it now.\" A concierge brought an umbrella, and Danny took it. \"Don't worry, Sawyer,\" Danny said. \"I'll go get your chauffeur's attention!\" Before Sawyer could protest, Danny had stepped off the curb. He just stood there for a moment, then pulled his umbrella back, letting the rain splash him. \"Oh no, not that again…\" Sawyer mumbled, covering her face. Unlike Sawyer, Danny loved to cavort in public. He started to strut to music only he could hear, whipping his umbrella around. Then he started humming and singing from the \"Singing in the Rain\" theme, lost in a world of his own. \" I'm dancin'…and singin'…in… the raaaaain …\" Danny sang, finishing up with a flourish. The crowd on the sidewalk in front of the Derby clapped, but he noticed that Sawyer wasn't there anymore. \"Hey, where'd she go?\" \"She left a few minutes ago,\" Tilly said. \"Something about 'not having time for this'.\" \"Oh, okay,\" Danny said, not fazed at all. \"I'll see you all at the studio!\" Cranston grumbled, a raindrop popping him in the eye. \"I'm probably going to regret this.\" Meanwhile, on the opposite coast, a group of diminutive do-gooders was wrapping up a case. The Rescue Rangers were widely known—not just in the animal community of New York, but to animals around the world—as upholders of justice and honor. At the moment, they were flying to their headquarters, the largest oak tree in Central Park. Chip, leader of the Rangers, tipped his fedora down over his chipmunk face and prepared for forty winks in the RangerWing when a certain red-nosed comrade of his decided to have some fun. Dale had just finished a soda and took a piece of ice from his cup and slid it down the back of Chip's bomber jacket. Chip leaped up with a yelp and bonked Dale on the head. \"Dale, what are you doing?\" Dale laughed, ignoring the bonk entirely. \"Hey, you're the one who's always saying to keep cool under pressure! I was just helping you out!\" Monterey Jack, Monty to his friends, could see the munks' daily rough-and-tumble about to start. The big mustached Aussie mouse liked a good fight, but only when he was in it. He separated the two of them before they could pounce on each other. \"Here now, mates! Gadget's already told ya once, she don't need the likes of you scrapping in the RangerWing. Besides, ol' Dale was just having a mite of sport, right mate?\" Monty asked. Dale leaned forward from his back seat position and gave Chip an impish grin. \"It was great sport for me!\" Chip pushed him back where he belonged. \"Dale, stop fooling around! There's work to be done. You never know when something could come up.\" \"Aw, you're always saying that!\" Dale countered. \"We weren't causing any trouble, were we, Gadget?\" At this, the RangerWing's pilot looked back toward Dale. Gadget Hackwrench was the Rangers' inventor, mechanic and pilot, and as far as two chipmunks were concerned the loveliest mouse ever to grace the planet. She, like most obsessed geniuses, was totally oblivious to their attentions. \"Hmm...oh, I suppose not. Golly, who would've thought that Fat Cat would've stooped so low as to use itching powder at a dog show and then try to steal the trophies? Of course, he couldn't have won them legitimately. I wonder why there aren't cat shows?\" \"There are, lass,\" Monty said, shuddering at the mere thought. \"They just aren't as popular—can't imagine why…\" \"If Fat Cat's any example, it'd be a total disaster,\" Chip quipped. \"Let's get back to headquarters. I want to make sure no one's left us any messages about new cases.\" Monty rolled his eyes, the sarcasm rolling off his tongue. \"Too right. Be a bloomin' shame to have only one case today and haveta spend the rest of the time loungin' around.\" \"You said it!\" Chip said, enthused by the thought. \"Rescue Rangers, away!\" \"Me an' my big mouth,\" Monty mumbled, under his breath, as the RangerWing neared its home base. Later that afternoon, Danny met up with Sawyer again, this time outside Studio 17 of Lot C, the building reserved for the shooting of Danny's film. Animal actors of every era and size poured out of the building, from King Kong and Grape Ape to Atom Ant and Felix the Cat. Sawyer for her part looked a little worse for wear, having been through several hours of auditions. \"You wouldn't believe what some of them are asking just for part-time work,\" Sawyer started in. Danny was as peppy up as ever. \"Oh, don't worry about that, Sawyer. L.B. will handle the money details. I can't wait to start directing this masterpiece!\" Sawyer got up in Danny's face. \"Can't you take this seriously? Danny, this is a big responsibility! You can't sing and dance your way through it. Directing's a lot tougher than being in front of the camera.\" \"Oh, I've seen Flanigan do it hundreds of times, and all he does is tell everyone where to be and when to hit their cues. Besides, if I mess up he's still assistant director on this flick. I'm sure he'll help out if I miss something.\" \"Well, just so that you're aware of how tough it is,\" Sawyer said, dubious. \"The hopes and dreams of lots of animals are riding on the success of this movie and there are lots of people who would love to see you fail—see all of us fail for that matter.\" Danny took Sawyer's hand and guided her over to a small al fresco table outside the nearby commissary. \"I know it's risky, Sawyer, but it's all been a risk so far. Who would've thought that we'd be two of the biggest stars in Hollywood, huh? It took every bit of faith I had to stick it out, and...\" Danny took her hand again. \"…I think I also had to borrow some of someone else's.\" Sawyer glanced away for a moment. She'd been embarrassed at the Derby by his antics and meant to tell him so, but now he'd taken her out of train of thought. Danny was by no means a romancer, but he'd take her out on dates every week and when their schedules weren't running their lives they'd go for a day trip to Palm Springs or Monterey. She looked back, locking onto his eyes, and let her initial frustration go. \"I wouldn't have had any faith to give if you hadn't given me my own faith back first. This town can really take a lot out of you. You don't get very far alone here.\" Danny smiled back at her. \"Don't I know it. You've always been there for me, and I just wanted to say, well, that it's meant a lot to me. It still does.\" Sawyer looked into those eyes that were beaming at her, and that special something came over her. Slowly the world around them faded into the background, and Sawyer seemed to hear music coming from somewhere as she started to lean forward. Danny leaned in toward her as well, taking her in his arms, and their eyes started to close. Just then, a shout from across the lot broke them out of their nearly-special moment. It was Flanigan, and he appeared on the verge of panic as he ran up to the seated cats. \"Oh dear, what a calamity!\" Flanigan said, waving his arms in a frenzy. \"What a disaster!\" Sawyer frowned, letting Danny go and turning to the frantic director. \"Flanigan! This better be really, really important!\" (A/N Yeah You interrupted their time) Flanigan sat down between them, catching his breath. \"Oh, it's the most horrible, the most unimaginable, the most...\" \"WHAT IS IT!\" the two cats demanded. Flanigan grabbed Danny by the collar, who in turn grabbed Sawyer's arm as he was pulled along. \"Come along, quickly!\" The printer's office was halfway across the lot, but Flanigan was doing his Michael Johnson impression, Danny and Sawyer flying behind in tow, and they were there in less than a minute. Flanigan slammed the office door shut, then checked to make sure no one was inside. Danny gasped in surprise at the sight in front of him. \"When, where, what, why, how?\" The office was in a shambles, papers strewn everywhere. Sawyer recovered herself from the breakneck dash they'd done, and one look at the place was enough to justify Flanigan's ravings.\"Why do we even pay security here, if people can just waltz in like this? What did they take?\" Flanigan gulped and pointed to Danny. Sawyer's mouth dropped open. \"You mean… his script !\" \"I'm afraid so,\" Flanigan said. Sawyer's pulse doubled as she looked to her friend. \"Danny, please tell me you had more than one copy!\" The orange tabby started to perspire. \"Well, I—\"(A/N Oh Skunk) \"Oh, no...\" L.B. walked in and quickly shut the door again. He was beside himself with worry, wringing his hands. \"Oh, if this gets out...or worse if the script gets out! A leak now could cost us more than any profits we'd make!\" The studio owner tried to steady himself, but the thought of ruin didn't make things any easier. \"With all the hype we've already paid for, we simply have to recover that script intact! Danny, I'm putting you in charge of it. You've got as much invested in it as any of us. And remember, no police. No one here can know about this, not even your old friends. We can't have this getting out to the press, or it could be the end!\" Sawyer, as always, was the levelheaded one. \"You're leaving the recovery of a stolen script to an actor/director? Okay, I can see your desire to avoid the press. They'd think that this was just a publicity stunt. And we do need some help of the private type. We need someone who can be discreet and doesn't mind working for animals.\" Danny thought a moment, then his countenance brightened. \"You can count on me, sir! We'll find out who's done this and make them wish they hadn't! And I know just who to call on for this, too. I just hope they're available.\" \"Whoever it is, I want them on the case yesterday!\" L.B. barked. \"Get them here and save my...the studio's reputation!\" Danny nodded resolutely and led Sawyer outside, while Flanigan bit his nails and did his best to console his boss. \"You up for a quick trip to the Big Apple?\" Danny asked. Sawyer raised her eyebrows in surprise. \"New York? Why all that way?\" \"You'll see. We need an experienced investigative team with a proven track record. Besides, New York's been good to us. Remember our Broadway reviews?\" \"You better believe it, Danny,\" Sawyer said, smirking. \"I love that town. But who's so important that we have to go all that way ?\" Danny pulled out a cell phone and placed a call, then returned his attention to Sawyer. \"Let's head for the airport. We've got the Mammoth jet warming up in the bullpen as we speak!\" In a montage sequence, Danny and Sawyer quickly prepared, then rode to the airport. The Mammoth Studios private Cessna C-10 was there, primed and waiting. A valet rolled a red carpet down from the plane's hatch over the stairs in time to cover the bottom step before they could step on it. The cats boarded, the hatch closed and within a minute they were in the air. Danny read the latest movie society papers while Sawyer checked over their movie budget, wincing a couple of times. When they landed at LaGuardia, a car was already waiting to pick them up. The Rangers had just finished dinner, and the sounds of Dale grumbling emanated from the kitchen. It was his turn to do the dishes—they'd switched to hard plastic quite a while back—and the fun-loving chipmunk grimaced, his arms halfway in the sudsy dishwater. \"Why can't Gadget invent an automatic dishwasher...\" In the main room, the Rangers were watching the evening news. Stan Blather, their favorite news reporter, was doing a live shot. \"...and the news on the war front continues to be wait-and-see. In the world of entertainment, Mammoth Studios' chairman L.B. Mammoth today expressed great hopes for his company's upcoming film, 'A Street Cat Named Desiree'.\" L.B. Mammoth's visage appeared on-screen. \"We expect 'Street Cat' to be one of this studio's greatest achievements.\" The picture switched back to Stan. \"Word has it that Danny Cat is writing and directing this modern musical interpretation of the Tennessee Williams classic. Studio security is extra-tight to prevent any leaks, but we understand filming will begin in two weeks.\" Gadget turned to the others, sitting on the semicircular sofa with her. \"Golly, I bet filmmaking must be exciting! Think of all the great inventions that have gone into just making movies.\" \"Too right,\" Monty said. \"Why, I remember seeing those old crank-reel cameras they used to use. Me dad, Cheddarhead Charlie, got hold of one once. Filmed a year of his life he did—won the documentary award at the Cannes Film Festival, too! Of course, he traded it in for a one-way ticket to Timbuktu and their annual goat cheese festival.\" \"Just image, being able to be a movie star!\" Dale said. \"The fast cars, the fame, the food!\" Chip turned around as Dale came into the room, still wearing his dishwashing gloves. \"Take those things off, Dale! You're making a mess out of the floor. Did you clean all the dishes this time?\" Dale saluted, splashing water on the sofa. \"Chip, they're so clean you could eat off of 'em!\" Chip rolled his eyes—he was never one for patience where Dale was concerned. \"That's the idea, silly. Now put those gloves back in the kitchen and get back here! The movie's about to start.\" Dale totally ignored Chip's order and jumped over the top of the sofa, landing right between him and Gadget. \"Oboyoboyoboy! Which one is it tonight?\" Gadget was oblivious as usual to the munk-fighting over who got to sit next to her. \"Well, I thought since all the movie talk's about Danny at the moment, we'd watch one of his. How about one of his hits from the 70's, like 'Squeaky Clean Dancing' or 'Sunday Morning Bedrest'?\" \"Booooriiiing!\" Dale shouted. \"Hasn't he made any movies with car chases or explosions?\" Gadget crossed her arms, frustrated. \"Jeepers Dale, is that all you like? Danny's always tried to push for nice movies with a positive and uplifting message to them. Isn't that more important than a few random explosions and gratuitous onscreen violence?\" Dale thought on it. \"Uh…nope.\" \"Gotta go along with you there, Dale,\" Monty said. \"A bloke needs a bit of a punch-up ta have some fun every now and again. All that dancin' and singin', well, it's all right but it's not Monterey Jack's cup of tea.\" \"Well, I think it's good,\" Chip said. \"After all, he's brought some higher culture to the masses. And that's always worthwhile.\" Monty shrugged. \"If you say so, mate. Me, I prefer a good dust-up or two. After all, when was the last time a dancer scared anyone?\" A knock came at the door. Dale (who still had those gloves on) rushed to be first but due to his slippery gloves he couldn't get the door open. Monty got up to give him a hand and opened it for him. Those at the couch could hear the gasp in Monty's voice. \"C..c..ca..ca... CAT !\" Chip jumped up like lightning, the thought flashing through his mind that their greatest enemy, the nefarious Fat Cat, had finally found them. The other Rangers took cover as well, thinking the same thing. Monty for his part was frozen in place, so it was a good thing that it wasn't a criminal at the door. Dale peeped around the paralyzed Aussie to see a smiling, well-dressed orange tabby cat sitting cross-legged on the limb outside their door. Danny took off his straw hat, which he still liked to wear when he traveled. \"Hi there! Is this the home of the Rescue Rangers?\" Dale looked at the smiling feline's face and took on a smile of his own. \"Gosh, you look just like that cat from the movies! Uh yes, we're the Rescue Rangers! What can we rescue you from?\" The cat took on a hopeful look. \"Um, total financial ruin?\" Dale couldn't remember anyone having come to them for that reason, but then again there was always a first time. \"Okay, that sounds reasonable. Come insi...er, outside and we'll talk. Hey gang, look who's here!\" Dale walked outside, wishing he'd brought his autograph book. The others got up from their hiding places and came to the door. \"Gee willikers! It's Danny!\" Gadget said. Monty was still frozen in place, but Zipper had flown to the kitchen and brought back a thimbleful of water. Chip promptly doused him with it. \"Pwah, wha... what happened !\" Monty shouted, starting to punch the air. \"Where's the fight?\" \"No fight here, Monty,\" Chip said, then gestured outside. \"Say hello to our new client, Danny!\" Monty looked, and the cat was still sitting there, smiling and waving his fingers at him. He didn't freeze up this time, but he was still dubious. \"Uh, right. Pleased to meet ya—I think.\" The Rangers and Danny climbed down the treehouse to the lawn below. Sawyer took one look at the lot of them and wondered whatever had possessed Danny to think these little animals were the answer to their troubles. Danny saw the look of course, and knew it well. \"Look Sawyer, I know they're not that big, but they've solved countless crimes like this! Our old friend Canina La Fur recommended them to me especially. She said that Mortimer here—\" \"Mont-er-ey…\" the Aussie growled—Canina had a penchant for mistaking his name. \"Er, Monterey helped her out of a big jam,\" Danny continued. Sawyer wasn't convinced by any means. \"But that was years and years and years ago! I've heard of them too, but I think they're a little out of their league.\" Chip climbed up on top of a nearby park bench, getting at eye level with Sawyer. \"Hey, we may not be big, but that's never stopped us! We've beaten international spies, smuggling rings, supervillians, evil twins, and corporate and animal pirates. If you've got a problem, we're willing to help!\" \"I suppose it's too late to call some Pinkertons in on this...\" Sawyer mused. \"Okay, here's the deal. Someone stole the script to our upcoming movie and we have to get it back as quickly as possible.\" \"Stole it? Golly, that's terrible!\" Gadget said. \"That'd be like someone stealing the blueprints to one of my inventions.\" \"True, but it's worse,\" Danny said. \"Unless we can get it back before filming begins, we're looking at a hundred million-dollar project down the tubes! Not to mention my life savings.\" Chip loved a big case, and this was about as big as they came. \"It looks like you've hired yourself some detectives. We'll leave immediately and find that script for you. Rescue Rangers, away!\" Dale ran in front of Danny. \"But first, could I have your autograph?\" Danny grinned. \"Sure, be glad to!\" Dale rushed back up inside the treehouse, and while they waited Danny began to explain more about the robbery to Chip. They were interrupted by a high-pitched squeal that came from across the park lawn. It was a red-haired teenaged squirrel that was a friend to the Rangers, and had a huge crush on Chip. In this case, Tammy wasn't looking at Chip, but at the cat speaking with him \"DANNY!\" Tammy zoomed across the lawn in far less time than any of them thought possible. The girl just stood there in her rolled-up jeans and pink shirt, the bottom of it not tucked in as usual. Just like Monty, she was frozen, but it was from being totally star-struck. Danny of course was used to this, and took it in stride. \"Hello there, little lady,\" Danny said. \"Are you okay?\" \"Uh-huh...\" she sighed. Danny stuck out his hand to shake hers. \"I'm Danny. What's your name?\" \"Uh-huh...\" Chip chuckled. \"Her name's Tammy, Danny.\" Tammy took his hand, but still seemed barely aware of her surroundings. Dale came back, and Danny signed his autograph book. Then he asked Dale for a blank page and wrote one out for his admirer. \"Let's see…'to Tammy...thanks for being such an adoring fan...Danny.' There you go!\" Tammy took the autograph, her sparkling eyes still fixed on Danny. He waved goodbye to her, and motioned Sawyer and the Rangers to the waiting car. As they left, Tammy snapped back to reality. \"It happened! IT REALLY HAPPENED! Oh, I'll never wash this hand again! Nevernevernever !\" As the giddy squirrel bounded off, Danny continued to explain the problems they were facing. Chip went into detective mode, already letting his mind try to sort things out. \"So, who would be the most likely candidates to do something like this? Who would profit most by the picture not showing?\" Danny shared a look with Sawyer. \"Well, there's always Darla of course...\" \"Darla Dimple?\" Dale said. \"I heard she was dead. Okay, anybody else?\" Sawyer ran through the list in her mind. \"Any of the rival studios could be involved—MouseWorks, Luniversal, Paramoot...not to mention the small-timers who'd like to see Mammoth Studios in the tank. If any of them get their hands on that script, the game's up.\" \"And there's always the chance that either the media or an overzealous fan broke in somehow,\" Danny said. \"Whatever the case, we've got to act fast.\" \"We can't just assume it's an enemy,\" Chip said. \"Even someone you think of as a friend could be behind this. We'll need to investigate anyone close to this project and look into motive. You're right, though, we'd better hurry. There's not much time to waste. As a precaution, Danny, I'd suggest you get to work on a new script. Do it all from memory if you have too.\" Danny rubbed his temples, trying to bring the world into focus. \"You're right of course. I'll try, but I really just typed the story as I went along in a stream of consciousness. Whatever you need while you're in Hollywood, just let me know.\" Dale assumed a \"wise old man\" pose. \"As Yoda says, 'there is no try'.\" Monty, who didn't dare take his eyes off Sawyer or Danny, gulped at the thought he voiced. \"The sooner we've solved this case, the sooner we're not working with ca...cats!\" Sawyer ignored the Aussie's trepidation. \"And if we don't solve this quick, there's no more Mammoth Studios. I'm going to go along with you on your investigation.\" Chip immediately took exception with that idea. \"You? No, you're not!\" Sawyer got right in his face. \"And why not , pray tell?\" \"Because you'd only slow us down or blow our cover!\" Chip countered. \"Everyone in Hollywood knows you, not to mention everywhere else.\" \"I don't care ! I'm not going to sit on the sidelines and watch while everything in life that's important to me hangs in the balance.\" \"She does have a point there, Chip,\" Gadget said. \"Besides, she could probably open some doors that we couldn't.\" Dale nodded, pointing at Sawyer. \"That's obvious! She's like, three feet taller than us.\" Chip bonked Dale on the noggin. \"She means Sawyer has influence , nuthead! Which she does, but we can't be seen with her or whoever's involved will know something's up. All right, Sawyer, you can run interference for us. Use your influence to gather attention wherever we go, and that'll make it easier for us to slip into areas unnoticed.\" \"Some of us won't even need help,\" Zipper buzzed. The car stopped at the airport, and soon the Rangers were flying first-class to Hollywood. When the plane landed, Dale ran down the red-carpeted steps, having put on dark shades he got from somewhere. \"Talent scouts, here I am! Dale Oakmont, fame and fortune hunter!\" Dale looked for any sign of approval, but the tarmac was empty. \"Aw, nuts! Guess we'll have to stick with detective work a while longer.\" Sawyer took her time, stopping when she got to Dale. \"You remind me of me when I got to this town, Dale. But it's got a dark side you wouldn't believe. Stay naïve, you'll enjoy your trip better that way.\" \"I'm always naïve!\" Dale said. \"It makes the day go faster!\" They piled into the waiting limo, and soon they were at the majestic Mammoth Studios. Dale was running first to one side of the car, then the other, pointing at the buildings and actors he'd seen in dozens upon dozens of movies. \"Wow, and there's the old steam engine they used in 'Death Train From Planet Z', and the old haunted house from 'Flying Vampire Rutabagas' and...\" \"Is he always like this?\" Danny interrupted. \"No, it's usually worse,\" Chip said. They drove on through the various lots, reaching the printing office. Everything was just as it had been when Danny left, and the Rangers went to work immediately. After a series of tests, painstaking analyses and following up a few theories, Chip reported to Danny, now at eye level with his client thanks to the tall partition at the front of the office where printing requests were received. \"I'd say whoever did this was thorough, and did their best to make it look like a random robbery,\" Chip said. \"So many papers were strewn around, it gives it the feeling of a deliberate cover-up.\" Gadget emerged from a cloud of dusting powder. \"Jeepers, they didn't leave fingerprints or anything!\" Chip returned his attention to Danny. \"It almost had to be an inside job, since the thief knew when the office would be empty. Who had access to this place at the time of the robbery?\" \"I think I can answer that one.\" L.B. strode in, with Flanigan at his side. \"I spoke with the printing office manager, and the list is a long one. Any of the studio janitors could've gotten in—they all have keys. The senior staff has keys as well, including myself, Danny, Sawyer, Flanigan—\" At that moment, Flanigan tapped L.B.'s shoulder. \"Actually, sir, I no longer have mine.\" \"What's this?\" L.B. asked. Flanigan ducked in embarrassment. \"I sort of...lost my executive set. I had to get them replaced, and I'm still waiting for the duplicates from security.\" \"That's two good possibilities, then,\" Chip said. \"We'll look into the janitorial and security staff for any irregularities.\" Sawyer broke in on him. \"You'd better do it after-hours, which incidentally is about to get underway. The studio closes in just under an hour.\" Danny headed for the door. \"Say, why don't I take all of you out for a nice dinner, and then you can come back and get started? I've rented a nice suite at the Hollywood Palace for you when you need to rest.\" The others appeared to be about to accept Danny's offer, but Chip spoke up first. \"We really appreciate the offer, but we've got to focus all our energy on the case. When we've solved it, then we'll be more than willing to take you up on that. Don't forget to get working on your script!\" Dale rushed up to his leader. \"But Chip, I wanna pow-wow with the big-wigs! Schmooze with the movers and shakers! Sell my life story!\" \"There'll be time enough for that later, Dale. If we get this case done in time, I'm sure doors will open all over and even you'd be able to sell a story here.\" \"Zowie, do you think so?\" Dale asked, getting excited. \"Maybe we could sell a story about the Rangers, and then we'd get our own movie or a series on DVD!\" Chip sighed and shrugged, looking apologetically at Danny and Sawyer. \"Could you have something brought in for us?\" \"No problem, Chip,\" Danny said. \"Hollywood's made for that. I'm going to see what I can recover of my script from memory. Sawyer, are you staying here?\" Sawyer headed for the door with Danny. \"I'll let them handle it for tonight, but when they start touring the studios in the morning I'll help them out. I think you and I need to talk some, anyway.\" \"My thoughts exactly,\" L.B. said. \"Well Danny, it appears that you've got some experienced detectives on the job. Keep me updated.\" The famous cats left the Rangers to do their work, and drove out of the studio. They had houses right next to each other in Beverly Hills, and each one had come to treat the other's house as their own in matters of daily routine. Sawyer went with Danny to his house, where he had set up his writing area in a private drafting room. Danny did his writing on an old Corona typewriter, in fact the same one that he had used when he infiltrated Mammoth Studios and added the names of his friends to the invitation list for Darla Dimple's premiere. He'd considered it lucky, so he'd stuck with it. Now, he sat down in front of the old keyboard, put a sheet of paper in, and sat there. \"Oh boy...maybe I should've upgraded to a computer, like you asked me to.\" \"I could have one here in less than an hour for you,\" Sawyer said. Danny eyed his old typewriter like it was an old friend, as it truly was to him. \"Uh, naw, better not. This will do fine. Okay, page one, scene one...now how did the rest of the 90 pages go?\" Danny scratched his head, trying to put it all back into words. \"Let's see...college...football...streetwise girl...college quarterback...\" \"Danny, we need to talk,\" Sawyer said. Danny kept on banging the keys. \"Uh, sure. What's the topic?\" Sawyer sat down, trying to think of the best way to open the conversation. \"I'm not sure those Rangers are going to find anyone. Yes, I know that they're supposed to have a reputation as detectives and that you like them. I'm starting to like them a little myself, but…\" \"Say, could you give me a hand?\" Danny asked, pointing to one of the typewriter keys that had stuck. \"You know more about the ins-and-outs of these things than I do.\" Sawyer got between him and his Corona. \"Danny, are you listening? You're so wrapped up in getting this script done that you don't seem to be thinking straight!\" \"What do you mean?\" Danny asked. \"I'm just doing what I can to get things back in shape for filming and all.\" \"I mean, we should be looking for the crook, not a bunch of pint-sized sleuths!\" Sawyer said. \"Or better yet, someone with the size and muscle to handle whoever's taken your script!\" Danny knew it was more than that now. \"What are you so worked up about, Starlight?\" \"I'm worked up because you've put your entire self-worth on the line, and if this falls through I'm afraid that you'll—\" she stopped, looking at him curiously. \"What did you call me?\" Danny ducked his head a little. \"You remember—I started calling you that after I sang that song, 'You Are My Lucky Star'.\" Sawyer looked down a moment, remembering. She did recall it, and when she looked back she was smiling. \"You haven't called me that in a long time.\" Danny smiled back. \"Well, when you started getting upset, I remembered how you acted that way in the movie and it just clicked. But you are my Starlight, though. It's there, in your eyes, in the way you move, the way you sing.\" \"Oh, Danny,\" she said, shaking her head. \"What am I going to do with you?\" \"Help me to make this next dream come true, I guess,\" Danny said. \"Now, let's see what's next.\" With Sawyer's help, Danny got his Corona going again and worked up a basic summary of his original story, attempting to expand it from there. After an hour, he stood up, exhausted. \"Sawyer, it's just no good!\" the tabby cried. \"I spent weeks coming up with original ideas, the songs and even the choreography! I can't possibly recreate all that in time for filming! If the Rangers don't come through for us...if they don't come through, we'll be broke, finished.\" Sawyer knew that Danny could get down on himself, especially when others were depending on him. \"Hey! Don't lose hope, Danny. What happened to that swinging cat who could belt out a song and dance number at any time or place? You've been so intent on this project for so long, maybe you've lost sight of the old magic. You've got to calm down, relax! Let your mind drift back to the good old days for once. Get in touch with the old Danny.\" Deliberately, Sawyer walked over to the record player. Danny couldn't bring himself to upgrade from his beloved 78's to 33's (he'd never dream of upgrading to CDs). She took out a jazzy classic and put it on. \"You always worked better with music playing.\" Danny was about to protest when the beat of Benny Goodman's \"One O'Clock Jump\" got to him. His feet started tapping, his eyes closed, and a contented smile formed on his face. As the volume rose, he leaped into the air and came down by Sawyer, taking her hand. She smiled and let her dancing blood take over, and soon they were nearly flying across the room. They cavorted like young kittens, moving to the rhythm, and when it finished they were both on a higher level. Danny immediately headed back for the typewriter. \"Okay, maybe I won't get the whole story back, but I can least get all of it I can. And maybe I can even write it better the second time!\" Sawyer stayed with Danny for a while to make sure he got off to a good start on his script-writing, then retired to her own home. In terms of interior design, it was the total opposite of Danny's nostalgic tastes. Everything was white, bright, spacious and modern. Sawyer liked things cozy and convenient when she came home, and her butler, Stevens, a faithful old Himalayan cat, did his best to assure that all was to her tastes. Such was the case now and after a few words of praise for her servant, Sawyer slipped into bed quietly. Tomorrow was sure to be a long day. Indeed Sawyer. So there you have the first chappie of Cats Don't Direct. Yeah, it's a slight xover but still has that CDD flare I might update next week seeing how school work out * Please press REVIEW button * Saber Saber y'all ","Summary":" Hi Im JetstreamSaberPotter and this is my first ever fanfic so be play nice ;) I Wrote A CDD Fanfic"},{"Movie":"Cats Don't Dance","Title":"The Music in My Heart","Author":"DarkChao1663","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8302580","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: DarkChao1663 does not own Cats Don't Dance. Warnings: None Pairings: None The Music in My Heart Music is always playing in my heart. Those tender sounds vary, Never once being the same; Streaming from soft to loud and back again. I hum along gleefully, Sharply inhaling to breathe, Exhaling slowly to match the unseen rhythm. I tap my feet on the creamed colored tile floor Or drum my fingers along the wooden table, My tail gliding like a metronome. When such a lovely tune draws into my large ears, Whether it's from the radio or a TV, I find myself in a rather chipper mood. Because when the melody starts, My whole body involuntarily reacts to it As my heart beats faster in pure joy. My feet gleefully sway around the smooth stage. My arms freely fly away With my hands confidently guiding them, Spinning them in the liberty of air. My legs zestfully spring into action, My chest proudly leading the way. I dance. I sing. I couldn't imagine my life without music or dance; They mean so much to me. They keep me going, Pushing my forward, Fighting for tomorrow, Blocking the taunts and teasing, So I may merrily sing and dance another day. The cries of cheers and praise mix into the fading background, Like a clear wand swirling in cup of water filled with glitter. I am deeply excited to receive such applause, But my main focus remains on the music that plays eternally. I allow my jubilant body to flow to that invisible rhythm, Slowing down or speeding up, Piano or forte. My festive voice rings fully throughout the theatre. I am always delighted to see I am not alone In my strong feelings and attitude Towards something so close to me, Close to my heart. I hold a dream. A dream that eventually came true, To personify the arts on one of the biggest stages in the world, To live in Hollywood. I worked hard for myself and others Sharing my dream. I am a cat. All I want to do is the thing I love. I always stand elated before a big show, Recalling all my rehearsals, Remembering the encouragement and kind words from friends and family, Putting faith in me, Coming to my acts to parade their care and support. The light shines brightly and the velvet curtains rise soundlessly. I feel hundreds of eyes on me, Looking at me, Watching me, Studying me, Gazing at me in awe and silence, Wondering what my first move will be. I have no fear. I am prepared to spiritually follow along to music once more. But even when the show is over, And I am breathing heavily while glowing with great pride, I can still proudly display my joyful smile. Music is always playing in my heart. The End ","Summary":" Disclaimer: DarkChao1663 does not own Cats Don't Dance. Warnings: None Pairings: None The Music in "},{"Movie":"Cats Don't Dance","Title":"Strong Love","Author":"DisneySweetHeart","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9661754","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 'Get a picture, boys! These kids wil be making history!' L.B Mammoth announced as the photographers started clicking their cameras. Danny posed with a big grin on his face. He was happy that his plan had made all his friends' dreams come true. After the pictures were taken and L.B and Flannigan had pulled Darla Dimple out of the trapdoor to tell her over and over that she was fired, Danny was suddenly pulled behind the curtain by Sawyer. There they both stood backstage, with the sound of people still cheering and clapping echoing around them. 'Thank you, Danny' Sawyer said softly, but still loud enough for Danny to hear. 'Thank you for everything' Then she put her arms around his waist and at last pressed her red lips to Danny's lips. Danny turned red in the face faster than a traffic light and his arms found their way around Sawyer waist, pulling her closer. They stayed in this embrace, shutting out all the excitment they could hear on stage and in the theatre. Danny's mind flashed with memories of the past week; the first time he met Sawyer and had nearly said 'Wow...you're beautiful', Sawyer confronting him after the movie shooting saying he should've stayed in Kokomo, dancing with Sawyer in the alley, fighting with Sawyer during the flood, Sawyer turning up by his side saying 'We're all behind you Danny, 100%', and finally, Sawyer checking off 'Get The Girl' on his schedule to stardom. Now Danny's thoughts returned to the present, enjoying his first kiss with the girl of his dreams. The feeling, the taste. Her lips tasted like the sweetest strawberries he used to eat at home. Maybe it was her lipstick, but Danny didn't care. Suddenly, Sawyer did something Danny did not expect. She began to pry his mouth open a little and her tongue slipped in, twining with his tongue. Danny was so surprised that Sawyer was french-kissing him so soon. But he quickly didn't care. Sawyer had opened her eyes a little to see if he did or didn't like what she was giving him. Her answer came when Danny's hold tightened a little more and his tail twined around her own. 'Mmmmmmmm' They both moaned into the kiss, taking in every passionate second. 'Danny? Sawyer?' a familiar voice said, after what felt like an hour. Danny and Sawyer broke from the kiss and saw Pudge, peeking from behind the curtain. 'Sorry to interrupt, but L.B told me to tell you that he wants to see the both of you and me on Monday for a movie he's been planning' 'Ok, Pudge. Thank you' Danny said, smilling. Pudge smiled back at the both of them, winked and left them alone again. 'We should head home and get some rest' Danny told Sawyer. 'Yeah' Sawyer yawned. 'All that dancing and singing can tire you out sometimes' 'I'll walk you home if you like' said Danny. 'I'd love that' Sawyer smiled. As they walked out on the stage and picked up the bits of clothing they had thrown off during the show, Danny asked 'Hey Sawyer? If you're not busy tomorrow, would you like to go on a date?' 'A date? Why not?' Sawyer agreed, happily. XXXXXX It was not long before they had said goodbye to their friends, left the theatre and finally reached the persian cat's home. Danny walked Sawyer up to her front door. 'Wait here for a moment' She entered her house and came back a minute later with Danny's boater, handing it to him. 'You left this on a bench' 'Thanks Sawyer' Danny took it and placed it on his head. 'Danny...About what I did backstage with the kissing, I'm sorry if you weren't ready-' 'It's ok, Sawyer' Danny said, blushing 'It's just I've fallen so much in love with you since we danced in the alley' Sawyer explained 'At first it wasn't so strong, because I had my doubts and all that stuff, and it just got stronger when you asked me to dance at the studio. The way you looked into my eyes when you asked me that, it just lit something up inside me. It was only later after the ark disaster that I realised I do love you. And I thought you had gone because I tried to catch you before your bus left, but I was too late because just as I got there, the bus left. That's when I found that' Sawyer pointed to the boater. 'Along with this too' She pulled out Danny's schedule from her pocket and returned it to him too. 'Tonight, you made all our dreams a reality, Danny. I just had to express how much that meant to me. I'm sorry if I went too far' 'You did surprise me, Sawyer, but I loved every second.' said Danny, truthfully. '100%' He put his paws on Sawyer's face and pecked her lips. 'Goodnight, Sawyer' he whispered. 'Goodnight, Danny' Sawyer replied. Sawyer didn't go back inside until Danny was out of sight. She closed the door and sighed deeply, knowing that her love for that tabby would just get stronger in the days to come. ","Summary":" 'Get a picture, boys! These kids wil be making history!' L.B Mammoth announced as the photographers"},{"Movie":"Cats Don't Dance","Title":"Closet","Author":"Tomocopter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9132464","Passage":"[Chapter 1] She had never been good at doing nothing. That wasn't that Sawyer didn't know how to relax; she always thoroughly enjoyed her Sundays off. Watching other people working around her when she was in no position to help, however, was a different story. These events were what led to her taking refuge in a closet at Mammoth Studios. A week had passed since the premier of Lil Ark Angel, and the eight animals had spent every day since then in contract negotiations with L.B. and his team. She could understand why they were taking so long; nothing like this had ever been seen before, and the studio wanted the legal side of everything to be worked out completely before production began on anything. That didn't mean that the waiting around to become useful wasn't getting to her, and as soon as she knew she wouldn't be missed she had slipped off to a quiet closet where she could be alone with her thoughts. Sawyer had flopped down against the back wall, eyes closed and head leaning back for support. She was finding this portion stressful. All any of them wanted to do was finally get to work, and be able to spend more actual quality time together instead of just having rushed conversations in hallways before being rushed into yet more meetings. This was especially true where she and a certain orange tabby were concerned. There was no doubt in her mind that they were definitely A Thing, but honestly she was starting to find the lack of time together a little- *Knock knock* She groaned at that, expecting to be ordered back into yet another useless meeting where nothing new was accomplished; upon looking up she was pleasantly surprised to come see the same cat who had been on her mind. He even had coffee. It was at that moment Sawyer finally understood what a 'Keeper' was. 'Tillie told me you were hiding in here' he said, smiling shyly. 'Figured you might need a pick-me-up.' Sawyer smiled broadly as she reached to relieve him of one if his mugs. 'And this has nothing to do with you wanting to escape from Mr. Mammoth?' 'I'm upset that you would even think that. I'm a gentleman!'. The two laughed at that, and let the conversation slip into a comfortable silence as they drank. As much as she hated to admit it, Sawyer had missed him. Boardrooms really weren't the place for new romances to play out. Admittedly closets weren't much better, but she would take whatever she could get. 'Daniel Kelly, your lack of enthusiasm for that coffee is appalling. That's the lifeblood of America right there!'. Sawyer may have been exaggerating slightly to get his attention, but not as much as one would think. As a woman who had worked 60 hours a week for two years, she had developed a huge amount of affection for the beverage. She did not appreciate seeing it go to waste. Danny gave her an apologetic smile. 'I'm usually more of a tea drinker, so this is a bit strong for my taste. Mom and Dad are Irish, so we were all raised on that.' Sawyer could just about forgive that slite; the mention of Danny's family had piqued her interest a bit more. 'Have you spoken to them much since?' 'I managed to call 'em the day after. They'd already heard it on the radio so they weren't too impressed with me at first, but I managed to win 'em over pretty quickly!' He drained the rest of his coffee. 'Mom and Dad are threatening to ship my baby sister down here in a couple of months so I can show her around the studios. And, uh...the others were a little more interested in you.' Sawyer perked up at that. If he was going to mention it they were definitely A Thing. 'How so?' she said, trying to keep any excitement out of her voice'. 'Well, I think Kate's exact words were \"I can't believe after spending all that time being so useless with women you actually manage to bag yourself a looker. And she sounds smart. You'll have to send her up here so we can give her a hug, we're all relieved.\"' He blushed as he finished off, clearly a little embarrassed about the direction the conversation had turned. Sawyer laughed at all of that, a little relieved that Danny's family seemed to approve. Well, as approving as they could be of someone they had never met. 'Funny, Dad had a pretty similar reaction.' She watched as Danny's eyes widened in horror. 'Your Dad knows about me?!'. 'Of course - your family know I exist!' 'Yeah, but you're smart and pretty and together; you're a mother's dream! I'm just a farm cat, not the kind of guy you take home to meet the parents!'. Sawyer laughed at that. 'Well, all my Dad had to say is \"I'm just thrilled you're dating someone who isn't a Jackass for once\", so you've clearly exceeded his high standards.' Danny went quiet after that, and when Sawyer looked up at him she could see a small smile playing on his face. 'So you actually used the word dating?'. He was trying to sound casual about it, and was failing miserably. 'Well, what would you call this otherwise?' 'I'm just kinda glad you don't think I'm stalking you.' They both smiled at that, and Sawyer took the opportunity to rub her foot lightly against his. 'We haven't gotten to spend much time together since that night at the theater. But I really do like you. A lot. I think after all of this is wrapped up we owe each other a few dates which take place somewhere besides a closet. Not that this hasn't been lovely.' She said with a smirk. Danny looked indignant for a moment. 'Okay, I really hope you aren't holding this up as the standard for my dates. I'm actually good at these! I can do picnics, long romantic walks, everything! Though you might want our first proper date to be more of a \"Getting to Know You\" kind of deal? Cos I can do that too!'. Sawyer nearly had to pity him at that moment; he just looked so nervous. 'I can make up a questionnaire if you'd like?' 'It's a date!' Danny looked as if he wanted to say more, but the noise picking up outside seemed to indicate that it was time for them to get back to work. Sawyer sighed, stretching as she picked herself up off the floor. The sooner they got back to work the sooner all of this would be over, as much as it pained her to admit it. She gave Danny a hand up off the floor as she went. Danny seemed prepared to leave, but was stalled by Sawyer's hand on his arm. As he turned she began to fix him up gently, before leaning in. 'I'll be holding you to that date Mr. Kelly.' With that she leaned in and kissed him softly. Just a quick peck on the lips, but at that moment it was enough. She smiled as she broke away from him, before turning on her heels and walking from the room. Danny smiled broadly behind her. 'Wouldn't miss it for the world.' ","Summary":" She had never been good at doing nothing. That wasn't that Sawyer didn't know how to relax; she alw"},{"Movie":"The Day The Earth Stood Still","Title":"I'm Staying","Author":"Shiori Ayuko","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9348862","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Been a fan of the movie ever since I watched it. Might as well write something about it, you know... It's a Klaatu/Helen fanfic, in case you're wondering once again- gah ignore this... There's also a good chance that I could.. spice things up between the pairing later on. I could be editing things as well to make this a little more of something you can really enjoy- that's why I need reviews... DISCLAIMER: I own nothing except this fanfic I wrote. Hope you like it TwT Chapter 1/Prolouge The locust clouds have finally stopped and all slowly fell to the ground like snow. The dark clouds cleared and outcomes a pleasant 'hello again' from the blue sky accompanied by the bright sun and its warm rays of light. Feeling relieved, Helen slowly and cautiously steps out from under the bridge with Jacob folowing right beside her. The two paced steadily towards the sphere as if they are drawn to it. Klaatu, is the first name that ever pops into her head after she sees no sign of the alien anywhere. He saved us and gave us a second chance to change. I don't know how I can thank him for it. As soon as the step-mother and her step-son walk closer towards the sphere, it lifts itself off the ground slowly. Almost like a hot air balloon, the sphere steadily lifts to the sky. \"It's leaving,\" Helen says as they both observed the sphere float upwards through the sky. \"No. He's leaving,\" Jacob corrects her as they start tilting their heads up, fascinating it was to watch that thing. The sphere now looked like a second sun in the distance as it floats higher , higher and higher, it went. \"Who is leaving?\" a distant yet fimiliar voice asks the two and it sounded like it came from behind them. The duo turns around to see a man quite tall, still wearing a modern suit and a neutral expression still remained on his face. His suit is looking new though- no shreds or tears and his face had not a single scratch as if he had never walked through that cloud that ate anything in its way including humans. \"Klaatu!\" Jacob exclaims as he ran towards the alien with open arms. After a short run, he finally reaches the man and clanged to him with his arms around the alien's waist. Surprised, Klaatu is clueless of what Jacob is doing and unsure of how he can respond to it. Though, he was assuming he should do the same to Jacob so he awkwardly knelt down in one knee to match Jacobs height and placed his arms around the child's shoulders. Well, this does not normally happen. So innocent, naive, and quick to change his judgments about me, Klaatu thought to himself. From the sight of it, as Helen watched, she remembers how Jacob always wore that smile back at those days with his father, his days so abundant and thriving with joy. Before he had died in the army as an engineer, her thoughts added. As smile remains across her face as she watches the two. Moments later, Jacob finally lets go of Klaatu. He then faces Helen as he manages to stand up in his two feet again. Jacob too, faces back at his step-mother. It was a moment of silence, perhaps too silent that each minute felt like an hour. The moment made Jacob slightly uncomfortable so he takes a step forward. \"Helen?\" He calls out, in attempt of trying to make her respond. Her eyes were still fixated to Klaatu's. She finally blinks a few times, looks away for a moment, then gazes back in his eyes again. At the second gaze, her smile reappears as she walks towards the man and Jacob. \"Thank you. Thank you for giving us a second chance. I promise you, we'll take advantage of that and you won't regret it,\" Helen says to Klaatu while she pressed her palms together as if she were praying. \"No,\" Klaatu says, \"Thank you for wronging me of my decisions to commit a terrible mistake.\" After saying so, he manages a small smile for the first time. It seemed that my smile might have lifted the two human's emotions a little more, he thought to himself. Indeed, the two smiled wide and were thrilled to have finally seen the alien change his expression just by a tiny bit. A minute or two later, three vehicles have arrived in Central Park- where the three stood. There arrived an armored car, a police car, and a black van. From the black van, the speaker for the president or the Secretary of Defense- Regina Jackson, emerges from the back seat of the van escorted by a big man in a suit, who also quickly trails behind her as she walks toward the three, ignoring the dead nanites scattered all over the ground. She stops a few feet away from the alien, facing him directly. The three patiently await for her instructions. Surprisingly, she does not look as threatening as she was the first time she interrogated Klaatu in the hospital. She also looks calm as if she is unaware of what Klaatu is capable of doing. She straightens her back the clears her throat. \"Well, I guess we can be thankful that you gave us a chance,\" Regina says as she remains where she was. The man in a suit behind her shifted as if he knows something is going to happen. Klaatu's gaze at the man tells him that the alien won't do any harm so he too straightens his back to stand straight. \"From here on out, I do not want humans to see me as a significant threat. I will stay here in this planet for the rest of my life span in assistance for this human race to change some of their ways of living that seem to affect earth,\" Klaatu says to the lady, \"Are you not thankful that you trusted Helen?\" Then he looks at Helen, who steps closer to him with Jacob's hand in her's. \"I am thankful, yes. Thank you very much, Dr. Helen Benson, for making him change his mind. I should have listened to you in the start,\" She says with a smile to Helen. On the other hand, the scientist was speechless, she did not know what to say after. She gratefully returns the smile to Regina, who takes out her cellphone from her pocket to talk to someone. From the sound of her murmurs, she sounds like she's requesting more men to come. An extra van arrives from the checkpoint to Central Park. Regina motions the trio to 'get in the van'. \"They'll escort you home,\" the lady says before she could walk back into her van. As Helen passes her, Regina quickly tugs on her sleeve then held her arm. She leans close to her ear and whispers- \"If anything goes wrong, call this number,\" she tucks a small piece of paper into Helen's jacket pocket. Regina pats the scientist's back before she could hurry to catch up to Klaatu and Jacob. She hops into the back after Jacob who shifts to move himself to sit in the middle. Klaatu sits next to Jacob at Helen's opposite. The engines start immediately after the driver closes the car door after Helen. The ride would be approximately 20 mins, last time Helen remembers driving to Central Park from their home. As the van passes the checkpoint, Jacob yanks on Helen's sleeve. Helen knows he wants something so she leans close, ready to listen. Jacob cups his hands around his mouth towards her ear. \"Can he stay?\" He whispers,\"he's not staying with the government is he?\" Helen smiles. Who knew he liked Klaatu this much. He use to want to get rid of him, kill him just to make sure, she thinks to herself. No matter. She cups her hands towards Jacob's ear. \"Yes, he can stay,\" she whispers to Jacob. A bright smile appeared on Jacob's face and begins dancing triumphantly with excitement. Then both looked at Klaatu, who is just looking out to the window. Through the reflection of the window, he quickly noticed and turns to face them. \"Yes?\" he asks politely. The two just quickly shook their heads and looked away. Jacob still wore a smile on his face. Was there something I did or said? Klaatu's thoughts ask him. Helen on the other hand, asks herself, do we have a room? Yes, we do. The guest room. Things you should know blah blah blah... This is all I could submit for chapter 1 or prolouge... I'm currently working on the rest of the story right now Sucky story, I know. But hey, I just wanna write things for you guys to enjoy. Reviews are appreciated and thank you very much for reading =7=[Chapter 2] After watching a few romantic comedy movies, I get to write down a few notes^^ Sorry if it doesn't really sound as real as the movie, I think I sidetracked with this one (soo sorry T_T) DISCLAIMER: I own nothing except this fanfic I wrote. I hope you like it TwT. Chapter 2 \"Welcome to the Benson household!\" Jacob says as he runs around the living room then into the kitchen with a lot of energy. \"Thank you for letting me stay,\" Klaatu says to Helen as she closes the door after him. In response to Klaatu's thanks to her, she simply smiles. She walks down the hallway and Klaatu quickly follows behind her. Helen opens the door next to her bedroom. She steps aside to let Klaatu step in to take a look around, familiarize himself with his new room. He takes a good look around the room and identifies each object he sees. There's a queen size bed with a white bed sheet and blanket, a wooden glazed vintage night stand with a lamp and a tiny digital clock sitting right next to it, and a fairly large window with white curtains that show a nice view of the city. There is also a half- opened closet with a drawer in it and three hangers hanging on the metal bar. \"Luxurious,\" Klaatu says as he turns around to face Helen. She nods in agreement. \"Jacob and I like to maintain our hospitality,\" She says as she leans on the door frame. \"Looks as it seems,\" He says as he gently touches the bed. Later that evening... Dinner was quite pleasant and delicious. Helen went to teach Klaatu how to clean himself by taking a shower. Which to her, was awkward because she knows anyone would consider her a professional or a doctor. Jacob would've taught him, but perhaps no because he's a nine-year old boy and he might be embarrassed of looking at a naked guy who is in his mid 20s to 30s. Klaatu never really got the idea of seeing someone naked would be embarrassing. He also understood what Helen has to go through for him. For the first time, he felt sympathy for her. \"I'm sorry,\" he says helplessly as he wraps the towel around his waist. Helen looks up to Klaatu as she just finished wiping the wet floor. She thinks she knows how he feels. \"It's okay. I think it's worth it,\" she says as she throws the wet paper towel to the trash bin. She stands up brushing her lap and knees. \"Now let me get you some clothes, you wait here,\" her voice trails off as she exits the bathroom. She walks into Klaatu's room and opened the closet and dug in his drawer for a white shirt and pajama bottoms. Klaatu enters his room with a sheet of towel neatly folded in one hand. He closes the door and set the towel on the night stand. He sits on the bed, feeling the mattress sink under his own weight. Comfortable, he thought. Then he hears the door open behind him. He slowly turns around to see Helen leaning on the door frame. \"You may come in,\" Klaatu says, even though Helen never had the instinct of coming in. She comes in anyway as she closes the door quietly behind her, careful not to wake Jacob, who's fast asleep in his room. At that moment, she felt.. odd. Klaatu may be a dark alien, who's actions are hard to predict, and most of the time only wore a neutral expression, but he is also strangely handsome, she thinks to herself. The feeling was also quite difficult to avoid, especially if they look at each other in the eyes. It turns very difficult because Klaatu always looks at her straight in the eyes as if he can see right through her. On the other hand, Klaatu feels kind of the same way. He always gets a weird, churning feeling in his stomach every time she smiles or if he feels physically close to her. \"I'm just checking on you. Do you need anything?\" she asks. Klaatu shook his head, remaining where he was. \"No, I'm fine, Helen. Thank you,\" he responded softly. She walks to him and sits right next to him on his bed careful not to break their gaze at each other. \"I know, human life can already get confusing and hard for you but-\" she was cut off after Klaatu held his hand up as if he's trying to calm her down. \"It is okay, Helen. I can adapt to anything,\" he says as he puts his hand down. \"I'm glad you can,\" Helen says with a sigh of relief then after, came a tired smile. She places her arms around Klaatu's waist , pulling his body close to hers as an embrace. However, Klaatu was unsure of what to do. This was different compared to how he did with Jacob earlier. So he reluctantly rests his arm around her shoulders and gently places her head close to his neck. Helen closes her eyes, surprised by Klaatu's warmth. He somehow liked it but he doesn't know why nor can he explain how he just felt. Helen never felt so close to Klaatu and he felt very human at the moment as well. \"I...,\" Klaatu staggers for the first time in his words. He himself thought that was unusual. Most of the words he say are already well thought out- But not here, at this very moment. \"I.. I have to rest, Helen. I'm sorry,\" he says and he never really felt so apologetic before, especially towards Helen. He takes his arms back slowly and rest them on the mattress. \"Yeah, I have to get some sleep too. Good night,\" Then she hurries out of the door and silently closes the door as she exits out of his room. Klaatu figured he needn't to respond to Helen's last words 'till sunrise as what humans refer to as 'morning'. Then Klaatu looks at his knees as his mind asks him, Why is it that.. I care for her? Why did I have that desire to be closer to her? Is this human? Klaatu shook the thoughts off. Not now, not now. Klaatu's mind says to him. He is very exhausted after such time in the hospital, the time in the woods where he is to evade those helicopters, only to find out Jacob summoned them. So much Fatigue everywhere in his body. There is throbbing pain at the back of his head, he wonders if it is the thinking and stress that he underwent might have caused it. He has been through hell in one day under persuit of soldiers in Regina Jackson's control. He reaches over to shut the lamp's dim light off. He settles his back on the mattress to rest his back with one hand resting on his stomach. He rests his head on the two pillows stacked on each other. Very comfortable, he thinks to himself as he takes a deep breath, which actually turned out to be a yawn. Moments later, he tucks himself under the covers and dozes off after a few minutes of resting his eyes. Notes and stuff... It might take longer for me to write the next one... This chapter feels so short heheh..[Chapter 3] Meh.. So it's the next day.. This one has more words in it than that first chapter.. DISCLAIMER: I own nothing, except for this fanfic I wrote. Chapter 3 Through a small opening of the curtains, a small ray of sunshine gently touches Klaatu's cheek. The gentle warmth of the sun ever so gently awakens him and it felt like the sun itself is saying 'good morning'. He felt better than ever after his sleep. There are no signs of throbbing pain anywhere in his head and the fatigue is gone. He finally got the rest he needs, so he sits up, stretches, and fixes his bed the way he saw it the first time he came in. He looks at the digital clock on his night stand- 8:40 am. He wonders if Helen is awake at this time of day. He quietly walks out of his room to check. As he steps out into the hallway, he sees a sleepy, little Jacob making his way down the hallway. As he rubs the sleep off his eyes, he looks up to notice Klaatu was awake as well. He smiles wide with sleepy eyes. \"Hi,\" Jacob says softly then yawns. He staggers down the hallway, passing Klaatu the turning left towards the kitchen. He looks over to see Klaatu still standing there, watching him. He motions Klaatu to come. \"I know you're looking for Helen. She's in here,\" he says then Klaatu quickly trails behind him. They both enter the kitchen to see Helen making eggs and toasting some bread. \"Good morning,\" Klaatu says. Helen quickly turns around, slightly startled. \"Ah, good morning,\"she says with a smile to the two, \"Both of you grab a seat.\" As Klaatu and Jacob wait for Helen before they begin, Helen transfers the eggs into each others' plates. Klaatu was beginning to doze off again. Do I need more sleep- Suddenly, he exclaims as the toaster pops the pair of slightly burned pieces of bread up. He was so startled, his heart beat raised in a split second and he remained idle for the next few seconds with eyes opened wide. Jacob was unable to keep himself together as he watched, he chokes a laugh and nudges on Klaatu's elbow with his. \"Dude, you should have seen your face!\" Jacob snickers as Klaatu regains his surroundings. Dude? Klaatu turns to him. \"I hope you do not mind me asking, but what does 'dude' mean?\" Jacob eventually stops laughing and he clears his throat, trying not to remember a single thing that happened just moments ago. \"Oh, it's just a name some people call their friends.\" \"So, you consider me as a friend?\" Klaatu asks. Jacob looks at him with curiosity. He shrugs and drinks a gulp of water. He puts the cup down and looks at him again. \"Yeah, why not?\"Jacob says as he scatters the spreading on the toasted piece of bread with a butter knife. Klaatu looks around the room from Helen, to the lights in the ceiling, the refrigerator, the flowers in the vase, the the newspaper. Reaching across the table, he grabs the folded cluster of paper. He opens a page and slowly examines the texts and the pictures. He puts the newspaper aside as he noticed Helen approaching with a mug of coffee and her plate. She pulls out her own seat and sits down next to him. \"How was your sleep?\" she asks Klaatu then tucks a strand of hair behind her ear. \"I felt better,\" He says. Later Jacob finishes his last gulp of orange juice, wipes his mouth with a napkin, and obediently carries his plate, utensils, and the cup into the sink. He walks into the living room after. He sits on his couch and grabs the remote to turn the TV on. The two adult have finished a few minutes after Jacob did and placed their's into the sink. Klaatu walks over into the living room and stips right behind Jacob as he flips from channel to channel by the press of the button. Klaatu can quickly remember the last time he has seen a television- he was in the train station. He even remembers that he was eating a sandwich and watched two males fight over a small piece of paper. Jacob looks behind him to see Klaatu 'watching'. He smiles and pats on the seat right next to him, signaling Klaatu to take a seat. He flips another channel where a movie is showing. He glances back at Klaatu, who is focused at the TV screen, observing the characters intently. \"You like watching TV?\" he asks. Klaatu focuses at Jacob then looks back at the screen. \"Apparently so,\" he replies. They both watched as the two main characters evade attacks from a mysterious being with glowing red eyes. Its setting looked like New York City- perhaps maybe it was because there are quite a lot of buildings that are too familiar. The creature was unlike any being Klaatu had ever seen. Maybe it is not the first time humans have encountered with a different civilization like his. The thing even has firearms that seem to appear that it's attached to them. They also look like they consist of many different metals and can speak the language called 'English'. Klaatu has forgotten to breath. He inhales sharply and leans forward with his elbows resting on his knees. \"What are they?\" he asks with great curiosity in his voice. He points with his index finger towards the mysterious creature as its weapon fires to humans at its will. Then it flies off as jets chase after it. Jacob smiles again but this time how curious he is and how he sounded like. \"Those are Decepticons,\"He points to the other being, who looked quite the same but its eyes light the color blue. It fought against the Decepticon. \"Those ones are Autobots,\" Jacob says as he takes his hand back on the arm rest. \"Interesting,\" Klaatu whispers to himself as he watched the Autobot in colors of blue and red fight the Decepticon who happens to appear larger in size and can also fly. \"It's not real though. 'S movie's called Transformers,\" Jacob says in hopes of reminding Klaatu he of his kind is the only civilization to ever come into earth. Klaatu looks at him, confused. \"They are not real?\" \"Nah,\" Jacob answers as he shook his head, \"It's just a movie.\" Movie? Klaatu thinks to himself . What is a movie? Before the question comes out of his mouth from his mind, footsteps are heard from the kitchen coming towards them. Then it slows to a stop behind them. \"A movie is like a show,\" Helen says,\"it's for entertainment purposes.\" Then she leans on the wall with crossed arms. Suddenly, an idea crossed Jacob's mind. \"Mom, can we let him watch a movie with us tonight?\" he asks with enthusiasm in his voice. Mom? I never really thought he would finally call me 'mom' these days. Helen's thoughts tell her. She may still be a step-mother to him and he may still be a step-son to her, but still. Jacob's face was filled with a wide smile and pleading eyes that say 'pretty please?' She blinks then swiftly nods with a smile. \"Yes, yes he will,\" she replies, \"Just let me plan ahead of us first.\" After saying so, she walks off to leave the two to watch. She enter back in her toom trying to think. \"Ah,\" she exclaims to herself. She figured she should buy clothes for him, of course it's one of his basic needs. And he also needs a new suit, he even told her once that the suit he wore was someone else's. Then eat lunch somewhere. Maybe buy him a book too? After that, THEN they can watch a movie. Good enough. She grabs a few clothes from her closet and gets dressed. Meanwhile, back at the two watching the movie, Jacob got out of his seat and walks back into the kitchen. \"I'll be right back,\" Jacob's voice trails off and Klaatu is left to watch. He watches the pair lay down on. The female hovers over the man lustfully as he lays down on the yellow car with black stripes. They pulled their bodies against each other as the woman places her arms around the man's neck. Then she leans in for her lips to touch his. Very strange to Klaatu, very strange that he felt uncomfortable by a bit as he watches the pair. I may never know what the term 'love mean. I need to talk to Helen about it somehow. Jacob returns with a glass of orange juice in one hand He places the cup on the cup holder on the coffee table next to his seat. The movie ends and shows a black screen with a list of names. There was also a song playing. Klaatu then remembers the music he heard in Professor Barnhardt's home. The music was to referred to as Bach and it played a series of notes that the alien himself thought was beautiful. But the song that is playing as he hears it, was different. The music seemed to sound more complex than the simplicity of Bach. The song also consisted a voice, somewhat screaming and there are more instruments to accompany the voice. \"It's Linkin Park,\" Jacob says, referring to the music they are both hearing. Klaatu stares back to Jacob then he considers it by quickly nodding. He stares back at the screen to read the names being listed. \"Sounds like it is more than just Bach.\" Helen walks out of her room as she arranges her jacket as she puts it on. She makes her way to the two, who are still watching the screen. She walks up behind them the clears her throat. The two both turned around to see her already dressed. She still avoids glancing into Klaatu's eyes, even though he was just wearing a plain white T-shirt, pajama bottoms, and a neutral expression on his face. One blink brings her focus to Jacob's eyes. She was reminded of her announcement after she noticed Jacob still wearing pajamas that are covered in pictures of footballs. Then she eventually turns to Klaatu. \"Well, we are gonna buy you some clothes to wear, then we'll buy you a new suit.\"-first thing to do for the day. She continues. \"By noon, we'll eat somewhere. I'll go with whatever you guys crave,\" she says, \"Then we'll go to a book store. You know, at least we all have something to entertain ourselves with.\" Then she sighs to catch her breath. \"We'll go watch a movie after.\" Notes Cute moments can happen in the next chapter- still in the works =.= Next chapter is pretty much about what they will do according to Helen's plans... But still, keep a sharp eye (and imagination lol) for cute moments^^ Gah, this chapter feels so long yet so.. short? In a way? asdf Reviews?[Chapter 4] Here's the first part of how their day goes with Klaatu in the half destroyed/eaten up New York City... DISCLAIMER: I own nothing except this fanfic I wrote. Sorry, I'm still typing up part 2... Enjoy^^ Chapter 4 \"Jacob, get dressed,\" Helen instructs then Jacob runs back to his room, leaving his orange juice and the TV running. She hands Klaatu a black long-sleeve shirt with navy blue jeans and light jacket, she picked in his drawer. Those were clothes that she provides her guest, of course there's another set of clothes in case of a female guest, which she took to keep for herself. \"Here, wear these. I know they'll fit you,\" she places the clothes on his hands, still avoiding her gaze on his eyes. She could actually feel his eyes watching her. Ugh, stop looking at me. She considers herself lucky her face didn't flush. \"Thank you,\" Klaatu says, \"I'll go change.\" He walks back into his room with the neatly folded set on his hand. He shuts the door behind him silently. After waiting in silence for a few minutes, Jacob walks out of his room all dressed up. Behind him trails Klaatu, who looked quite dashing in Helen's eyes, despising the fact that he only wore a black, long-sleeved shirt, jeans, and the light jacket. The clothes fit him perfectly that they hug his body just enough to show his real shape. And the clothes altogether gave him a tall-dark-handsome aura. Satisfied, Helen nods as she looks at the two. She grabs her keys that sit beside her on the counter she was leaning on. She quickly arranges her scarf as she makes her way for the door. She opens the door before her. \"Alright! Let's go!\" The two walk for the car as she locks the door behind her. As soon they all got in the car, they drove off. Looks like parts of the city remained untouched by the swarm of locusts. Though, the parts of the city that did not survive or have been touch by them had themselves locked down for repairs and cleanups. Helen drives into the unharmed region of the city, where there are shops reopening and quite a few people still walking around. Nobody knows for sure what will happen to the rest of the people who left. Will they come back? Will these remaining people discriminate Klaatu? Not far away from Central Park, Helen drives into a small department store. It was the only opened store close to the park and there was not a person for miles. She figured the clerk is brave enough to stay open so she pulls over to a parking space then shuts off the engine. All three make their way into the store with Klaatu trailing last. Inside the store was no different- it looked like it was any other day inside, as if the store never really closed; no people though, just the cashier. Helen tugs on Klaatu's back collar then flips it inside out to check the size. She tells the size to Jacob then he hurries to the stacks of clothes. He would grab equal amounts of T-shirts and long sleeves as he inspects the stacks. Helen, on the other hand inspects the stacks of jeans and grabs the sizes of what she gave Klaatu. Klaatu scans through the hangered shirts. One shirt seem to catch his attention. So he approaches the approaches it and holds it up by the hanger. Then he inspects it, slightly squinting his eyes- following the pattern carefully. But to any human, it's just a checker-patterned shirt of blue and black. Jacob happens to walk by then he sees the shirt. Klaatu looks at him then back to the shirt.\"Interesting pattern.\" A flannel shirt? Jacob nods his head in agreement to play along. \"If you want, we can buy it.\" Klaatu hands him the shirt. \"Please.\" I will examine that pattern later. Jacob rushes back to Helen with both hands full. They exited the shop with tree bags of clothes containing jeans, socks, a pair of shoes, shirts, and some underwears. Jacob and Klaatu both step in to help Helen as she places the bags in her car's trunk. She glances at Klaatu to be reminded that he needs a suit. She then grabs her keys from her pocket. \"Now, you need a new suit.\" Several blocks away, in another remote location, a store seems to have reopened just a few hours ago. Employees are hanging suits back up and headless mannequins are being propped back up into their usual spots in the store. Even ties and posters are being hung up. All three enter the emporium. Absent- mindedly, Klaatu wanders around the store, looking at every suit in each manequin. Then he pauses to stop and look at the fine piece of clothing. Helen and Jacob stop behind him then both look at the suit the man has his eyes on. No, it wasn't exaclty looking like the suit he wore before, but this one looked quite better, in Helen's eyes. The suit was all black with a thick look by the fabric, the shirt was navy blue, and red tie, even the shoes had a polished finish to them. He knows he has chosen the one he wants. Helen tugs on his sleeve. \"Do you know your size? 'Cause if you don't, then these people are gonna have to measure you.\" So long as Klaatu remembers, he faces Helen then nods. \"42\".\" A moment or two later an employee in fine attire walks by to the trio. He, himself recognized the wanted fugitive by his face on the news. But the word has been released of his new purpose- the alien will try to change the humans' abusive ways of living that seem to put a negative impact on Earth. Still, the man thinks he should treat the alien like any other person, he should let him change the world positively and convince people to hug trees but he doesn't want to be any part of it, so he wants himself to be left out of it. He brushes the thoughts off as he looks at Klaatu. With his French accent he asks. \"Excuse me, but I suppose you have a liking towards this suit?\" Klaatu simply nods, \"Yes, and I would like to try it on.\" \"But do you know what your size is?\" he asks without changing his tone. Klaatu replies- \"42.\" Then he rushes into the back of the store, where there are still stacks of boxes waiting to be unpacked. He retrieves the same suit the mannequin was wearing out of the fourth stack. He walks back to Klaatu with the same suit in his hand. He steps back and motioned the three to come with him into a small showroom where there would be less people and employees would be. He hands Klaatu the set and orders him to change in the fitting room. Minutes later he comes out. Helen's mouth drops open at the amazing sight of Klaatu wearing the suit. The suit made him look even better than last time she saw him in black and white clothes. Not only did he look taller and the suit even added to his tall-dark-handsome aura, but he also looked very professional or intelligent. Helen knows it's not only her who is amazed by how he looked, but even Jacob and the employee looked far more amazed. All three are speechless until Jacob blurts out. \"That suit looks even nicer once you put it on!\" \"It fits perfectly!\" the worker says as he looks at Klaatu from head-to-toe. Klaatu as well, was amazed after he looks at himself with the full body mirror that sits right behind him. They are right , he thinks to himself as he looks at the colors of the suit and the red tie. The suit fits perfectly and to Jacob, it makes him look wicked with the dark colors. \"I think we'll get this one,\" Helen says as she looks at the worker. Though, she should have asked how much will it cost but from last time Andrew bought his suit, he told her it would normally cost everyone about $500. But the cost doesn't really worry her, considering the fact that she's a scientist, who currently works for the government and the government itself always pays her a fortune for the work she does. \"The suit is $500,\" the man says. Helen just smiles showing them she doesn't worry losing that much money, but she is conscious of how much she spends- she would rather save it than spend it. \"I know. We're going to buy it.\" Part 2 is still in the works, almost finished... I may warn you, this could be a pretty long story- it took almost half of my notebook... If you see any grammar mistakes, don't be shy- point them out for me =w= Reviews? Anyone?... okay... See you in the next chapter~[Chapter 5] Hey, part 2 of the previous chapter... Hope my vocabulary has shown improvement T_T (also some sentence structures/grammar) Heheh, I wrote this while I listen to A Thousand Years (by Christina Perri).. DISCLAIMER: I own nothing except this fanfic. EDIT: less line breaks.. less obvious questions..less choppy sentences. Enjoy~ Chapter 5 \"So where do you guys wanna eat?\" she asks as she looks through the rear view mirror, at Jacob. Jacob closes his eyes, leaning his temple on his finger to think for a moment. \"How about for some hot dogs? There was one that's open close by,\" he says as he gazes out of the window. Helen glances at Klaatu. He returns the glance as Helen focuses back to the road. \"You okay with that?\" she asks him in another glance. \"Never heard of them before but sure,\" he says. Hot dogs? Humans eat dogs? Several blocks later, there was an open hot dog stand. Helen parks next to the sidewalk. All three left the car after the engine shuts off. There was a short line of people- at least three. Helen tells the two to search for a table. \"So,\" Jacob says as he climbs up the high chair then takes a seat. \"Who's that guy?\" \"Who are you referring to?\" Klaatu asks as he took his seat. \"You know,\" he leans his elbows on the small table. \"That big thing that came with you here.\" Then he points to his forehead. \"Has one red eye.\" \"Oh,\" Klaatu nods, \"Well, his name is Gort.\" \"Gort? Does he kill people?\" Jacob asks with curiosity in his voice, so he leans closer to listen carefully. Klaatu continues. \"By command, Yes. He is.. well.. like a guardian,\" then he pauses for a moment. \"It only acts to protect me.\" Jacob nods to consider his statement. \"So he's like your personal bodyguard,\" Jacob adds with a smile. Klaatu nods again. \"Correct.\" Jacob pauses to remember the sphere rising form the ground. Another question pops into his head. \"What happened to him though? Did he leave with that sphere?\" \"No, he did not leave,\" Klaatu says as he shook his head. Then he looks at the tiny dots around Jacob's forearm that the bugs left. He sighs as he remembers transferring them from Jacob's and Helen's into himself. \"Remember those dark clouds, Jacob?\" He asks as he leans on the table. Jacob nods. \"If you're talking about the one that tried to eat me from the inside, then yeah, \"he says then looks away for a moment, searching his mind on a way he can tell Jacob. \"Those things are what Gort entirely consists of,\" he says as he points to the dots on Jacob's forearm. Jacob runs his fingers through the holes those things left on his skin. They feel like little bumps, almost like pimples. Then Jacob looks at Klaatu's wrist; where the things entered into him. He now remembers the clouds all falling down to the ground, a sign that tells him they all died at once. \"So you had to kill him?\" \"Yes,\"he says then adds, \"For you and Helen.\" Especially you and.. Helen. \"Hey, I'm back,\" A voice interrupts the thoughts of the two. Helen hurries to their table with three hotdogs and three bottles of water in her arms. She places them on the table as the two remove their elbos from the table. Klaatu looks at the food that lies before him. So this is a hotdog. They look appetizing. He watches as Jacob holds the piece just like how he held the remote. Then he opens his mouth wide enough to fit a good part into his mouth. Then he sinks his teeth into them. Klaatu begins emulating him exactly. He cleans the corner of his mouth with his thumb after a bite. \"This is delicious,\" he says after he swallows. Jacob swallows then wiped his mouth with his sleeve. \"Yeah, I know right?\" Jacob takes another big bite. They get along too well, Helen thinks to herself as she watches them. She takes a mouthful of water then proceeds to start a conversation. \"So,\" she says then she clears her throat to catch Klaatu's attention, \"I sure hope you don't mind me asking, but who was that? The one that protected you from the beginning-\" \"Gort!\" Jacob says interrupting her. He puts asside his half-eaten hotdog. \"We were just talking about him until you came.\" Then he opens his bottled water to take a sip. Helen shiftes her attention to Klaatu, who just drank from his bottle then twists the cap close.\"I was saying he was my protector. It only activates in the existence violence.\" \"I'm guessing he was that cloud right?\" she asks after a bite from her hotdog. Klaatu nods. \"Yes.\" \"Now, let's go to a book store,\"Helen says as they all got in the car. The closest book store is far away from the destroyed or eaten part of New York. There's a good chance they are open. \"Hey, they're open!\" Jacob says as he points to what he sees inside through the windows. Only three people inside, counting the cashier? No matter- the less people, the less chances they share glares to Klaatu. But they seem to be in a good mood, ignoring how the city now looks like. Helen pulls over to park. the three exit the car and walked into the store. Helen leads Klaatu to the shelves of books. She leaves Klaatu in her view as she herself chooses a book for herself. She also allows herself to see Jacob exploring the comics section, inspecting each book he picks up. Klaatu pans his eyes through the shelves, reading the title of each by their spine. He runs his fingers through each looking for a title that would not only catch his curiosity but also his attention. After passing a shelf then another, a title seem to meet both of his desired conditions. *War of the Worlds- by H.G. Wells*, it says on the title. He pulls the book out of its shelf to take a closer look. The cover of the book was just black, but that needn't to stop him. Klaatu flips to the first page, where the first paragraphs begin and then reads them slowly through his eyes. Satisfied with his choice, he closes the book and walks back to Helen with it in his hand. As he approaches, he notices Helen reading a book with one's title unreadable in the distance but the cover had a distinctive illustration of a rose- a flower in which human's refer to as a type of plant with petals of velvet texture and a stem of thorns. She looks up to Klaatu and then to the book in his hand. \"Is that the book you want?\" she asks as she looks back up to him. \"Yes,\" he says then he hands it to Helen. Helen's face suddenly flushes during the moment. Klaatu stepping closer to hand her the book was just part of it, but her hand touches his for the first time. Warm , she thought. She slowly takes the book from his hand, hesitant because she, somehow, wanted to make the moment last. But it only lasted a second. \"Right,\" she says as she tucks the book in her arm. Klaatu notices her cheeks gaining a pink tinge to them. He moves his head to the side to get a better look of Helen. She seems to avoid my gaze. Would it make circumstances worse it I take matters on my hands? Nevertheless, his hand, reluctantly, reaches out to gently touch Helen's cheek, where the color is at its brightest. Helen winces as her heart skipped a beat. \"Helen?\" he calls out to her softly, \"Are you okay?\" The back of his fingers brush Helen's cheek. As much to his distress, it did make matters worse, by the look of it. What am I suppose to do? He asks himself. He has the softest touch ever, Helen's mind assimilates to her. She finally manages to gaze back into Klaatu's brown eyes glowing by the dim light beside them. She winces again then smiles. Helen quickly nods. \"I'm fine, thank you.\" Klaatu, regardless, didn't move and his fingers still gently pressing against her cheek. \"Are you sure?\" \"Really, I'm fine, thank you,\" she repeats. Klaatu nods then slowly takes his hand back. She switches her gaze to her step-son. \"Jacob, you have the comic books you want?\" In the theaters.. The three wait patiently in the lobby, sequestering themselves from everyone else. They can no longer tolerate anyone else either getting overexcited or to award the three of them an impassioned expression. From all Helen knew, not everyone is be happy with the fact Klaatu lets Earth off with a warning, after vaporizing a portion of the United States to nothing. From all Jacob knows, Klaatu could be discriminated or become someone everyone can look down upon. Later during the movie... Robots? Falling in love? At least they know what love is, I do not. Klaatu watches as the pair of robots join hands. Love is a human nature, next to feelings, according to his studies before he had even came to earth. His body is human, but on the inside, no. Perhaps only a real human, an earth native, would understand the true perspective of love. As they are driving home at 9:00 pm, Klaatu watches as people walk. By each block they pass, every pedestrian, there is always a male and a female walking together, sometimes even holding each other's hand. Very odd behavior. In attempt of removing the thought, he focuses his eyes back to his knees, which he could only see a little by the darkness in the car he was in. The light gleams on Helen's hand and it reflects on her pale skin. It caught Klaatu's heed as the light stood out from the darkness. He remembered the earlier time of day when his hand came in contact with her's. Was her reaction of such related to love? Then he remembers last night when Helen attempts to wrap her arms around him. Desperately trying to remove the thought, he presses on his temple then closes his eyes. Then it was silent. Helen disliked the awkwardness the silence produces. Klaatu opens his eyes when he senses movement coming from right next to him. He watches as Helen's hand moves from the wheel to the radio. She instinctively presses on a button that turns the it on. An utterly relaxing music plays that seem to sing asong about love. Klaatu notices because the way he felt close to Helen, in the song, is described precisely. Even the exaggeration seem to adapt perfectly with what he had felt. Very beautiful, he deems. Just as what he said when he heard Bach in Professor Barnhardt's home, but this song was, come in what may, much more. Love is so common to Earth, even songs describe it accurately , his mind argues with him . And by each passing moment, he gets closer into demanding an answer. Things you should know... Okay, there could be future adult situations (maybe?) Ah, depends on my mood.. Point out any errors for me! Reviews please and thank you! Thank you for reading and see you in the next chapter~[Chapter 6] So, I bring you Chapter 6.. Haha, this one has way more words than the previous chapters. Song are such inspirations! Ignore this =w= DISCLAIMER: I own nothing ecxept this fanfic I wrote. I'm gettin tired of writing this disclaimer thang.. Uhm... Enjoy? Chapter 6 Once they reach home, all immediately unloaded the back of the car, each carrying items from each store accordingly. Helen assists Jacob as he brings the clothes into Klaatu's room. Klaatu on the other hand, takes hold of his suit and the bag of books to bring inside the house. He lays the books on the dinner table then walks into his room. He opens the closet with his free hand then drapes the suit inside a garment bag on the metal bar with a hanger. I suppose this is how humans arrange such attires? He asks himself after looking at the hanging piece at an angle. Helen comes through his open door with the last bag of his clothes in her hand. Jacob walks by passing Klaatu's room with his purchased comic books in his hands. \"I'm goin' to sleep. Goodnight.\" Then a click of could be heard as he shut the door of his room. Helen returns her diligence to Klaatu's clothes. Klaatu observes as she takes the clothes from their bags, careful not to unfold or ruin the arrangement of each piece. Then she places them in stacks inside his drawer, just high enough for the drawer to close back. Suspecting he should do the same, he grabs several pieces of clothing, just like Helen, he was careful not to ruin them. He walks over to his drawer and places them next to Helen's pile. Helen smiles as she watches him. He's learning fast, like how an ape can imitate. Klaatu finally places all his clothes in the drawer, Helen picks up the bags. Klaatu helps her with the task as she walks for the big trash bin in the kitchen. She pushes down on the pile to accommodate space. They both walk back into his room. He shuts the door silently after Helen. \"Quite a day huh?\" she asks as she watched Klaatu sit on his bed. Agreeing, he nods. \"Undoubtedly, it seems.\" After a few moments of looking down on his knees, he looks back up to Helen, who remained poised to her feet, standing a few feet away from him. A blank expression still resides on his face as he clears his throat. \"Helen, there is entity that I have wanted to speak to you about.\" Helen takes a step forward. \"What is it?\" Klaatu moves over to give space so Helen can sit. Assuming he does not know what personal space is, she sits close to him, due to limited room. Helen settles where she was last night. In fact, for her, it did feel like she was back at that night. Klaatu exhales, searching his mind desperately, trying to remember what he was going to ask her. Perhaps gazing to her eyes might have made him forget his question. His mind leaves him with nothing but the reminiscence of what happened from where he was in this room with Helen. \"I assume you remember what had happened here last night?\" his voice never changed its tone as he catechized Helen. Helen's face flushes once again. But she was left with no choice but to nod. Klaatu worries for the first time if he is flushing as well, but does it worry me? He asks himself. Before could he say anything else, he pauses to think, see if his mind had given him the question he was after. His mind still refuses to give him anything. Frustrated, he sighs again. He feels helpless in his situation as Helen waits patiently for his words to come flowing. Finally, he thinks of something.\"There's another side to you. That I felt only once-\" \"Love?\" Helen cuts his words. Klaatu surveys her, enough for her to find out there is something different about how he looked at her. Never before had she seen the hollow look in those eyes. Klaatu then, remembers Mr. Wu from the word 'love'. For seventy years of him living among them, knowing them well, he had the audacity to say he is staying. He was firm when said that he can stay and in fact, he will. Though, Klaatu could clearly remember he told the man that death results if he stays any longer. But he was aware. This is his home now. But like his state of knowledge towards the humans, they both noticed there is another side to them. As far from Klaatu heard, Mr. Wu loves them. It is favorable for the both of them to consider it a very strange thing, even Mr. Wu himself, cannot find a way to explain it to him. He, in some way, have found a way to love them. Just how did he? Then he remembers Helen holding on to Jacob in the cemetery, mourning the loss of his soldier-father. It is where he felt it as he watched. Then it switches to the time he looks back to them both holding one another tightly under that bridge, moments before he would step into the dark swarm, ceasing the destruction. But come again, why must he care? Apparently, all this time ever since he experienced it, it is beginning to cause him exasperation and difficulty for the passing days ever since has he watched them both in that cemetery. It is now unavoidable, painful to ignore. Helen eventually realized how he felt in those pensive eyes. Helen gravitates closer to him, instinctively, she tenderly places her hand on top of his, careful not to catch him off-balance. A somber expression is written on her face. \"I am clueless of what I can tell you-\" she grew indecisive,\"For most of us, we can't seem to explain it properly.\" Klaatu's hand slightly moves beneath her's. She gives his hand an affable squeeze. Though his expression remained the same, affliction arises in his eyes. \"I.. don't know love,\" he whispers, his eyes still in her's. She swallows, nervous of what could happen next. She removes her gentle grip oh his hand and shows him a hopeful smile. \"Let me show you.\" Klaatu is not sure if he is with Helen on what she is intending to do. He is completely unsuspecting of what Helen will attempt. Anything can happen. But if it is the only way she can teach love to him, so be it . Helen leans closer. \"Do you trust me on this?\" she asks him softly with benevolence in her eyes. Klaatu's heart raises as he hears her ask him the question. Love needs trust? His hand remained still underneath Helen's. He is still unsure whether he trusts her or not. But by remembering all that they have been through together in the past few days, he realizes he cannot deny her. \"Yes,\" he whispers. Helen's tender expression appears again, showing him he has nothing to be worried about. Then she tilts her head to one side almost playfully. \"You know, you should be thankful someone is actually brave enough to teach you,\" she says teasingly. Klaatu felt guilt rise up from inside as he remembers saying to himself that he is an alien in this world. Of course, almost no human in this planet would be willing to have the determination just to teach him the aspect of love except for Helen. \"I-I am,\" he retorts with a slight sound of embarrassment and provoke in his voice. Helen nods to herself. Alright, that's enough. Now's not the good time to aggravate him. Am I ready to know? He shifts his body to face Helen. He has lived the human life for long enough, gathered enough knowledge about them, studied them years before he was even given the opportunity to visit a planet called Earth. Maybe he is ready. Yes, I am ready. He remains motionless as Helen moves closer, never taking her eyes off of his. Then a little closer, their foreheads are now brushing against each other. The pairing's hearts flutter as they begin to feel the warmth coming from each other's bodies. Helen takes a last sigh then calls out softly in her breath. \"Klaatu.\" That name , oh how he longed for her to finally call him with his name. The heavy feeling in his chest suddenly washed away after she called out. He felt good, better, lighter. Then he begins to feel himself reddening just as the familiar, yet perplexing sensation in his stomach returns from the other night with Helen from right where they were. He forces a tiny smile. \"That is the first time I have ever heard you say my name, Helen.\" Helen felt a surge of excitement beginning to run through her veins as she watches Klaatu relax his body after he finished his sentence. A cultivated smile took control of her face once more. \"Close your eyes,\" she says and Klaatu quickly follows with obedience. Even through his closed eyes, he could feel her moving even closer, closing that gap between them. Then her lips gently touches his. Helen moves her lips slowly in his, allowing him to examine her intentions through her movements. Shocked at first at the inconceivable behavior Helen has introduced, but being an intuitive man, he realized what Helen's intent was. So in result, he copies her movements to the softest and most tender kiss. Though their movements where slow and passionate, it has given them both a sense of indulgence for the next six seconds. Both finally open each other's eyes, quite dazed with excitement. Klaatu was shocked, by the look of his face, just as pale as Helen's. He does a light sigh, trying not to breath too hard on Helen face as their forheads remain touching each other. \"And that, Klaatu is what we call a kiss,\" Helen breathes, almost hesitantly. The inquisitive look on Klaatu's face had asked her a question. Maybe a simple kiss wasn't accurate? \"Yes,\" His voice was soft and lulling, \"Just as I watched you and Jacob. I would always feel it... \" before he could continue he takes Helen's hand then gently places it on his chest while he places his hand on her's, where the rhythms could be felt. \".. in here.\" In amazement, Helen looks at her hand as it rests on his chest, where the steady beat can be easily felt underneath her palm. His heart is raising. She manages a lop-sided smile. She moves even closer to his body as if she can almost sit on his haunch. She could not take it anymore at this state. She had only known him for four days, but they have known each other more than everyone else. Neglecting the fact, her body is now taking over her. She is now lost in her desire to be with him. Her arms, ever so gently, pushes on Klaatu's shoulders, telling him to lay down, then allowing herself to hover over him. She places her hands on the pillow Klaatu's head rested on to balance her weight. He gazes up to her uneasily, he almost looked scared. But the expression in her eyes, soothes his body and mind to calm down. Her lips collides into his once again. Klaatu was a bit overwhelmed as Helen kisses him with desperation recognizable in her movements, as if it where a need to kiss. He, somehow, understood, yet still cannot explain the sensation. Love, he feels it even more, now all over his body, rushing through his veins as he watched Helen. Assuming that he no longer needs to mimic her, he closes his eyes then kisses back in an amorous manner. Helen is now pressing some of her weight against him as she places her knees next to each side of his hips. His slender fingers touch her cheeks once more then they slid down to her neck to pull her closer. Her torso now rests on his as she felt the steady warmth coming from him rise in temperature as they share both of their body heat. His fingers now brush and tangle with her hair as he leans his head to one side. Through Helen's mind, she was thinking. Now, she is aware of the fact that she still loves Andrew, Jacob's father, with all her heart. They embraced, have kissed several times, have been each other's shoulder to cry on, have been each other's person to hold on to, never letting go no matter what the cost is. But the love she had shared with him cannot be compared with the new one she is beginning to share with Klaatu, this one is so much more. Though she still avoids the authenticity that he's still an alien inside. He is be an alien for Pete's sake, but he believed in us. Her mind tells herself. Her thoughts were cut off after Klaatu gently pulls away to break the kiss. They gaze at each other, not knowing what to say to each other. With arms tired of supporting her own body, Helen rests her head on Klaatu's chest as he caught his breath. Helen forgot to tell him to breath through his nose. Her mind curses to herself- she thought, maybe that's why he pulled away- maybe he wasn't breathing the whole time we kissed! Frustrated, she swears to herself again but is interrupted as the man she rested on caresses her hair. By then, she became too lulled to even think or speak as his fingers brush through her mane. Both where oblivious of falling asleep as they where for the rest of the night. Notes Maybe listening to too much love songs is bad... =_= Bah, why do I feel awkward writing this in someone else's computer T_T Anyway, only one line break XD yayz See you in the next chapter~ Reviews? ","Summary":" Been a fan of the movie ever since I watched it. Might as well write something about it, you know.."},{"Movie":"Last Samurai","Title":"New beginnings from fresh endings","Author":"ellonen","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3248881","Passage":"[Chapter 1] i. WhennAlgren returned to the village, travel-worn, battle-weary and alone,nTaka looked at him with a wordless smile, a trace of relief visiblenin the arch of her eyebrows, the curve of her upper lip. Like waterndripping over cold stones in a stream peace flooded over him, takingnaway the guilt he had born for such a very long time – shendid not blame him for what had happened. Innsilence, she took up her basket and opened the small, wooden gate fornhim. Thatnnight, he lay down on the futon spread on the floor and let Taka pour sake on his wounds, the stinging pain on his side and the ache inside himnreminding him freshly of the death on the battlefield. Opening hisneyes, he looked at Taka's hands, so delicately tying up the wounds henhad taken on the behalf of the village he had come to love more thannhis home. Wordlessly,nwith needle and thread she sewed his hurts, her fingers staining innhis blood. Afterwards, she closed the door behind her and left him tonsleep without nightmares. ii. Onnthe morrow – after how many days of slumber, he knew not – Algrennwalked, stiffly and limping, down the path to the temple where he had conversed withnKatsumoto, first against his will; then because he understood. Thenscent of cherry blossoms lingered in the air and his quiet footstepsnreminded him of the samurai and how he had experienced peace in its utmost sense in the place. Algrennlooked at the serene statue of Buddha and knew that Katsumoto hadnfound his solace. His peace might be in death as well as in life, butnAlgren's lay elsewhere; not in the mental teachings and meditation,nbut here – in this village, under the cherry trees, with thenpeople. InnTaka's touch when she changed the white linens that covered hisnwounds, brushing her fingers against his skin, making Algren shuddernat the ethereality of her presence. iii. Withnthe approaching summer came a flourish and beauty of nature Algrennhad never seen before. Autumn in the village had been breathtaking,nall world inhaling its last breath before the winter that was spentnin quiet foreboding surety, the flowers and trees giving way to thenimpending fate. Thenfate Katsumoto had changed, leaving only one man to witness thenburden of it. Nonlonger did the samurai go through their daily exercises of endless kata and dance of swords. No longer did Ujio, the fearless warrior, speaknorders to the men, mending Algren's pride into honor, bending hisndesire into determination. No longer did the men laugh with eachnother after training, nor did they go home to their awaiting wivesnand children. Algrennwalked the empty grounds surrounded by trees and endless fields ofngrass and remembered. The peace created by the sacrifice of so manynlives weighed heavy on the shoulders of the man who had finally givennup trying to die and had sworn to stay alive to keep that peace nonmatter the cost.[Chapter 2] iv. Once,nat the dinner table, Taka's hand brushed against Algren's –naccidentally and and fleetingly, but the touch was enough to remindnhim of what they had shared before the day of his certain death.nAlgren took his hand back to his teacup and said nothing of it. Takangave her children a brief smile, and quietly, looking at the table,noffered Algren another bowl of rice. v. Algrennhad never thought of mothers as figures of honor and respect. Havingnnever remembered his own, he hardly had much to say when othernsoldiers on the field reminisced of their parents, speaking of theirnwarmth and laughter, making jokes of the features they had inheritednand the trust they misused. Every mother, it seemed, was a victim ofnwarmhearted jests for their love and blind belief. WithnTaka, it was different. Atnfirst Algren had wondered at how she never held her children close orntold them stories of mighty emperors. Then he understood that hernrole was different – it should have been a man's duty to raise thenchild, and a woman's to keep him safe, but Taka had to fill the man'snresponsibility as well, alighting a sense of honor in her small boys.nThere was no hesitation in her when she taught them to read andnwrite, or when she watched them play with the wooden bokken they had received from their father. Andnwhen she tucked them into bed at night – if she lingered a littlenbit longer next to their futon than was necessary, and if she reached, gingerly, to sweep back anlock of hair from Higen's forehead, but withdrew her hand in silencen– who was he to judge, when her eyes held all the love, and more, anmother could ever possess? Algrennwalked past the children's room quietly and felt, for the first timenin months, like an outsider. A disturber, always; but an outsider,nnot after what he had done – what they had given him. Butnwhen Magojiro called him \"father\" and faltered at the words thatnhad so thoughtlessly – easily – left his lips, Algren knelt innfront of him, taking his face between his hands and said, \"I amnnot, but thank you.\" vi. Comensummer, Algren's wounds were nearly gone. Runningnhis thumb over the ugly scar on his shoulder he felt the carefullynsewed stitches and under, the hardened skin. Despitenhow he was more scarred than ever before in his life, on the inside,nthere was a wholeness so enthralling he felt it seep into his entirenbeing, filling him with its healing power. Summernhad never smelled more beautiful.[Chapter 3] vii. Algrennhad seen Taka, once, taking a bath in the cold pond near the forestnthat surrounded the village. An exposed white shoulder, nothing more;nbut Algren could not forget the fragility of her frame. Not when allnshe wanted to show others was the steel in her, the determination andnpride behind the soft features and dark eyes. Therenwas a vigor in her that surpassed that of the samurai . Sonwhen Algren looked at their hands, resting on the table after andinner eaten, he could not help but notice the eerie pallor of hernskin, the blue veins flowing beneath, the frailness of her fingers.nSo delicate – but yet so strong; there was a difference betweennholding together a family and keeping away an enemy with one's hands. Takanpushed back the sleeve of her dark kimono and poured him more tea, ansilence filling the room, so familiar now after the passing ofnNobutada. viii. Theirnfirst kiss had been the epitome of hesitation, filled with thenknowledge of advancing death and suffering, with a trace of hope andnpromise and – a tremor ran over Algren – something else; thentears shed afterwards causing him to promise, \"Never again.\" Anmutual understanding of sorrow and slight possibility, a shared bondnbuilt through the one person she had loved and he had killed. Theirnsecond kiss was as hesitant as the first one, but held somewhat elsenbesides – the surety of the coming of an autumn spent together, notndue to circumstances, but because of love. Taka's tears, this time,nwere not grieving, but shed for him – his sorrow. \"Never again,\"nhe whispered against her hair and held her, afraid of breaking her. Nevernagain would he ride to war. Nevernagain would the man she loved be killed. ix. Tonhim, she was everything the world could offer. Algrennlooked at her, memorizing the path her hands took when she performednher chores, remembering each little detail of her routine; the archnof her slender neck, the fleck of her wrist when she pushed her hairnback behind her ear, her quiet steps on the wooden floor when shencrept to bid goodnight to her children. To him, she was beauty andnpeace and life encompassed into one. WhennTaka smiled at him, Algren felt his heart tighten with exhilaratingnfreedom. Andnwhen the night came, he stared at the ceiling and felt a craving sonburning it nearly ripped his heart asunder, and yet he tried not tonrelieve it. There was a boundary which he could not cross – livingnin her home, eating with her – even talking to her – were allnnearing that border, but no further would he go. Enoughnlives had been stained by him. She would not be another one.[Chapter 4] x. Sonengrossed he was with his determination to keep her free of his touchnthat when she, once, pressed her lips against his and brought hernhand hesitantly to the opening of his gi ,nbrushing three fingertips against his chest, he inhaled sharply andnjerked away. He fumbled backwards; a grown man frightened of a smallnwoman – of what he could do to her. Takanstammered, even her faltering voice maintaining a sense of dignitynAlgren envied, blushed, and turned away. \"I'm sorry,\" shenwhispered, uncertainty seeping into her words. \"I'll go now.\" Shenswallowed and turned to leave, mortification writ clearly upon hernbrow. A wall rose behind her eyes, exposing the steel inside her,npushing Algren away. Realizingnwhat he had done Algren recovered from his shock and grabbed hernsleeve. \"No, I'm sorry,\" he said quietly, apologetically. \"I'mnafraid of...\" he stumbled for the right words, \"I don't want tonhurt you.\" Hoping, praying, in silence, that Taka would understand,nhe looked at her with pleading eyes. Please. Don't leave me. Staynwith me. Freenme. Shenlooked up then, to his eyes, and there was compassion in hers. Algrennpulled her closer, hesitantly, until she was pressed against hisnchest, his arms surrounding her, her arms fisted in the back of his gi . Whispering wordsnin English to her ear, he stroked her back with relieved, uncertainnstrokes: \"Thank you. Thank you.\" xi. Thenautumn was fast approaching. Algrennremembered his first autumn in the village; a captive/guest, heldnagainst his will but never ill-treated. He remembered the strangenpeople, their politeness, their averted eyes and the laughter of thenchildren. A bitter smile crossed his lips when he thought that he,nthe man they all had despised, should be the last reminder of thenglory of the village. Butnnow, there was no hatred in the eyes of the villagers. There wasnrespect, and gratefulness, and that, to Algren, made the place feelnmore familiar than any he had habited before. Andnwhen he returned from his stroll in the woods, he closed his eyes andnmarveled at the beauty of the words: \"Welcome home.\" ","Summary":" i. WhennAlgren returned to the village, travel-worn, battle-weary and alone,nTaka looked at him wit"},{"Movie":"Last Samurai","Title":"The SecondLast Samurai","Author":"PoMZ","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2476210","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's note: Wow… hasn't written in a long time, heh. Might b rusty so b nice. Disclaimer: Me no own Last Samurai, Sinfory or Roy (thank god) or any white tigers (damn). I don't own anything! Nothing I tell you! runs away Prologue[Chapter 2] Author's Note: Chapter two! Did anybody else feel Hidalgo ripped off the drunken ex-solider thing? O well Disclaimer: No I don't own the Last Samurai, Hidalgo, any assorted vegetable (including green potatoes), or Santa…yet… A Haunting Past America, 1870's. In a dusty, smoky urban town a man on a stage sees that half of his crowd are dosing off, since his introduction is so boring, and decides to bring up his recently acquired war junk in the tent to spice things up. Man: Ladies and gentlemen. The survivor of these many combats and an honourable guest today, I give you … (Drum Roll) Captain Nathan Algren! Everybody looks eagerly to the tent behind. Nobody appears. Crickets chirp. Man: Erm (Cough) … (Drum Roll) CAPTAIN NATHAN ALGREN! Nothing happens. Man: (sweating) Um…wait a second… (gets out a megaphone) CAPTAIN! NATHAN! ALGREN! Nothing seems to happen again, but then a drunken Frank T. Hopkins and his horse Hidalgo appear on stage. Hopkins: Yeehaa! Man: (whispers) Uh, sir I think you're in the wrong movie… Hopkins: (drunken stare) Oh. Whoopsss sorrrryy. (To his horse) Ride like the wind Bulls-eye! Hidalgo neighs and kicks his front legs up, causing the intoxicated cowboy to topple off and chase after his galloping horse, swearing in slurred speeches. Man: (turns to the bewildered audience, with an awkward smile) Ah…Let this be a lesson to you kids; don't drink and ride! Inside a clustered tent.[Chapter 3] Disclaimer: I don't own Last Samurai or a circus tent. I don't like the circus, the clowns scare me shudder and it always stinks, literally. An Intelesting Ploposition At a misty back alley. Adoor swings open as a shrubby looking man and all his belonging is thrown out to the alley way. After his perilous performance, Nathan Algren understood why his employer kicked him out of commercialising war trophies, but secretly knew that they were the ones who will suffer the loss. Definitely. With no doubt. Most certainly ...Then again, he was not in the right mind to be certain of anything... Algren: (g rumbles as he manages to pick himself up) Yeah well…welll you're tents suck! I bet the circus has better tents than you! (tries to reach the door, which slams into his face) Ow.. .(rubs nose ) And…and the clowns are funnier! As he offensively shakes his fist at the closed door, his body still swaying from the whisky, he makes an unsteady step to the back, only to topple over Sergent Zebulon Gant, who happened to be lying at the doorstep. Algren: OW! Whoa…Hello Sergent Gant…Err what are you doing down there? Gant: You fell on me. Algren: No, I mean why were you sleeping on the doorstep? Gant: Must've knocked off while I was wait'n', sir. Algren: (gasp) you were out waiting in this cold miserable dump, lying around like a hobo, just for me? (teary ) wow…I haven't been cared about this much since…since…whatever. Gant: Err, actually sir…I was wait'n' for this very sassy lookin' lady called Pixy or somethin'. She told me she'll meet me but…shrugs I must've been wait'n' at the wrong spot. By the way, Cap'n' what are you doin' here? Algren: oh…( sigh) joining the circus…( picks up one of the whiskey flasks on the ground and takes a sip) Gant: Ah sir…Can you get off me now? In an oriental looking restaurant. Sergent Gant walks towards a table occupied by Colonel Bagley, Omura and Omura's evil looking body-guard. A staggering Algren follows him. Bagley: Oh lord, why is HE here? Algren: (sees the table) Hey…more booze! Algren plops himself to an empty chair and indulges himself with more brain-cell killing liquids. An amused Sergent Grant sits beside him and there are few words of introduction by the annoyed Colonel. Omura: We have a verly intelesting ploposition for you two. The empeloor will leeward you well, if you tlain our men into solliders. Gant: Meaning? Algren: Heh… you talk funny… Omura: (glares at Algren) We say, apploxmately…500 per month. Gant: (gives a whistle) Algren: Empeloor…hee hee… Omura's evil sidekick: (in Japanese) Are they all idiots? Omura: (replies in Japanese) Basically. That's what you get when you do business with men with big noses… They both glance at Algren who is wobbling a chopstick up and down. Algren: Hey! It looks like it's made from rubber! Omura: (in Japanese) …maybe this guys just a nutcase. Algren: (suddenly stands up) Excuse me; (imitates Japanese accent) I have a berily important business with the nearlest bathlooom…heh heh heh… The drunk tries to march out but nearly falls into a passing waiter. He eventually sways to a direction which he assumed led to the toilets. A few minutes later, ColonelBagley catches up to him when he is having a conversation with a withering pot plant. Algren: (nodding to the pot plant) Yes… I feel your pain…Oh but I do! Bagley: (rises eyebrow) You're just doin' that coz you want to annoy me, right? Algren: (notices Bagley at last) Well, helloo there sirrr...Have you met this here...um (whispers to plant ) What's your name again? (giggles) Oh don't be shy, I know he looks like a chook with a sore bum, but he isn't. He's just a chicken as well as a pain in the arse. Bagley: (angrily gets him by the throat) Look you stupid drunk, nobody asked you to be here. But with my graceful generosity I'm gonna make you worth some while. You can either: go away now and die miserable and alone in the dumps, or go to Japan, teach the midgets how to hold a gun and get yourself killed by rampaging rebels. Algren: (gasping ) Wherrrrre? Bagley: (rolls his eyes) Japan! You know small Asian islands full of little men who bow a lot… Algren: They got booze? Bagley: ...Let megive you a deal. If you work for me,you can have double ofthetenth of what Omura's offering you plus a tenth of that worth of Sake. Algren: sake? Bagley:the only word you'll ever need to know in Japanese. It's like whiskey but made from rice. In Japan, it's the best damn drink to get drunk with Algren: Sake...( smiles dreamily) Bagley: so you're in? Algren: Saaake...wait...where in America is it? Bagley: (groans) Authors Note: So sorly if you couldn't read the Japanese accent. Poor Algren, so far he's always drunk lol[Chapter 4] Author's Note: Haven't updated for a while… All review (including those who find my humour lame) is appreciated. Thankyou thankyou thankyou. Now keep readin' y' scurvy dogs! Disclaimer: By now you should know I don't own the Last Samurai. I wish oh I really, really do wish I did owned Captain Jack Sparrow…But I don't sob Yo ho Yo ho off to Japan we go! ","Summary":" Author's note: Wow… hasn't written in a long time, heh. Might b rusty so b nice. Disclaimer: Me no "},{"Movie":"Cats Don't Dance","Title":"A Tale Of Two Tails","Author":"DisneySweetHeart","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8298052","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It had been two days after the events of the \"Lil Ark Angel\" premiere and the animals big performance. Danny who was now named 'The Song and Dance Cat\" as he dreamed, and Sawyer who had been named the 'Singing Feline Goddess\" were now in a relationship. Only yesterday they went on their first date together, walking around Hollywood and sharing dinner with each other, every now and then kissing each other. They planned another date for the next day. Sawyer's bloodshot eyes opened, seeing the clock on her wall. It said 8:30. 'Oh god!' Sawyer jumped out of bed. She was supposed to meet Danny in the park at 9:00! Sawyer quickly dressed in her yellow sweater and red pants, and had a little trouble, getting her tail through the back. Once she succeeded, she gave her hair a bit of a brush to straighten it. 'Oh Danny! I'm sorry I'm late' Sawyer puffed as she saw Danny, waiting for her on a park bench. Over his usual green vest, brown pants and bowtie, he was wearing a green trenchcoat. 'It's alright, Sawyer' Danny reassured her. Sawyer sat down and tried to get her breath back. Danny rubbed her back to help. 'Oh geez!' moaned Sawyer, suddenly noticing somthing. 'What's wrong, Sawyer?' Danny asked. 'I forgot to brush my tail!' Sawyer said, pulling it from behind her. It was a bit of a mess. The fur on it was all disheveled ,making it clearly look like it had only just gotten out of bed. 'I alway brush my tail in the morning' Sawyer said. 'I slept in so I only managed to have my hair done. I was in a hurry to see you' 'It's alright, Sawyer' You already look beautiful as ever' said Danny. 'And you're in luck. I have my brush with me. I was also in a hurry this morning. And I also had to brush my hair. So I brought it with me without knowing' He pulled it out of his trenchcoat pocket. It was wood-brown, with yellow bristles. 'Allow me to be of service, Sawyer' Sawyer smiled. 'Thanks Danny' Then she sat closer to Danny and laid her tail her Danny's lap. Danny could help admiring how soft, and light it was. Then he took his brush and slowly ran it down Sawyer's tail. This went for three minutes. During so, Danny had to say 'Sawyer. Your tail is lovely. I wish I didn't slam the office door on it when we first met' 'The past is the past, Danny' said Sawyer. 'Besides, thinking about it just makes me laugh' She giggled a bit as she said this. Finally, Danny had finished brushing. Sawyer's tail now looked like a fluffy cloud once again. Danny suddenly had the urge to enterlock his own tail with hers. They had not done this yet and even if Danny had more time to do so, he wanted to experience it now. 'Sawyer' Danny found himself talking 'Can I...uhhh.. ...you know... entwine my tail with yours?' Sawyer smiled and answered without speaking. Her tail moved off Danny's lap over to where Danny's tail was covered by his trenchcoat. Danny saw this and removed it, hanging over one of the arms of the park bench. Sawyer's tail finally met with Danny's and both wrapped around each other. Both Danny and Sawyer's heads were swimming from the feeling. Sawyer was turning red, having Danny's long thin tail, wrapped around hers, while Danny was miling broadly, having Sawyer's pillow-like tail wrapped around his. They finally embraced with their tails still together and kissed passionatly. This was a date not to be forgotten.[Chapter 2] Indeed it was not a date to be forgotten. When Danny and Sawyer parted lips, they hugged each other. Then Danny gasped a little. Sawyer's tail was tightening a little more around Danny's tail. 'Oh, Sawyer..' Danny said. How could he describe this feeling? Pleasant. That's all he could think. Pleasant, pleasant, pleasant. Sawyer was definitely feeling the same way. But she wanted to please Danny even more. Kinda like an award for everything he had done for her and her friends. So after tightening her tail around Danny's tail a little more, she stopped. Then began to squeeze a little, using the muscles in her tail, but making sure it wouldn't cut off the blood circulation in Danny's tail. Danny started to shake in her arms. But it was only because this was an amazing feeling. His heart beated faster. Sawyer's grip on Danny's tail loosened a little, then she squeezed again, then loosened and so on. 'How does that feel?' Sawyer asked in Danny's ear. 'Great' Danny answered. But he knew he was wrong. This wasn't great. It was amazing. 'Sawyer, where did you get such a lovely big tail like that?' Danny asked. Sawyer gave a small laugh. 'My mother had one. And I'm pretty sure my auntie had one too' 'Yeah' said Danny. 'It's just my tail is thin and a little shorter than yours. I mean, yours is just...oh...so fluffy, and cloudlike. Now I really wish I hadn't slammed that door on it' 'Don't worry about that anymore. Danny' said Sawyer with a grin. 'Ok' said Danny with a shrug. Sawyer continued squeezing Danny's tail for a few more minutes, although it felt like a few hours for them, until Sawyer let her tail loosen one last time and slip away from Danny's tail. 'How was that?' Sawyer asked. 'I have no words' Danny answered, smiling. 'But this is the only way I can express how that was' And he leaned over and kissed her lips again. He could never get tired of doing this. Danny parted from Sawyer with another broad smile. 'Did I ever tell you your lips taste like strawberry-flavoured bubblegum?' Sawyer laughed at this, and Danny laughed along with her. 'Yeah?' Sawyer said, wiping a tear from her eye. She was laughing so much. 'Well, your lips taste like tea with three sugars' Laughter again. 'You know, talking about tea makes me a little thristy. Wanna swing by Pinky's Diner?' Danny asked. 'Sounds like a plan' Sawyer agreed, taking Danny's hand. And the two cats began their walk, once again twining tails, keeping them together for the whole walk to the diner. Hope you enjoyed reading. Do review please! :D ","Summary":" It had been two days after the events of the \"Lil Ark Angel\" premiere and the animals big perform"},{"Movie":"Cats Don't Dance","Title":"Writing History","Author":"Tomocopter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9121757","Passage":"[Chapter 1] From the time he was five he knew could never live the kind of life his parents had. That wasn't to say there was anything wrong with them, quite the opposite in fact. Danny's parents had managed to create a great life for their five children, in spite of all of the hardship they had endured during the Depression. They raised hard workers, and it was always assumed that their kids would want to carry on with that tradition. This all changed following their first trip to the local theater. To the other kids it wasn't that big a deal. The entire purpose was to do something nice for Danny's older brothers on their birthday, and to give the whole family a little time away from the farm. The actual movie itself wasn't that spectacular - a rerun of an old silent picture which the theater could show without incurring too many costs. For their part, his siblings did enjoy it. For Danny, it was life changing. Years later Danny's father would still tell the story of his son clinging to the seat in front of him, staring up at the screen with a shocked smile on his face, as if it was the first time he realized that their was a world outside of Kokomo. Honestly, it probably was. He danced out of that theater trying so hard to emulate what he saw on screen and coming far closer that a child of his age should have been able to. His family were just happy to see that the boy had enjoyed himself enough, even as he chattered away excitedly - ' Did you see the way he was dancin'! I bet I could do that! Will ya help me practice? I wanna be sure I'm doin' it right! '. Even as an adult that didn't change much. Opportunities to go to the movies became less and less as the kids got older. The Depression was never going to be that kind to a group of Indiana dirt farmers, and the addition of another baby (as loved as she was) didn't help matters. The kids had to learn young that money didn't grow on trees, and how tough it could be to survive. Danny's mother always believed that was the big motivator behind his dreams. He loved to sing and dance, and to a kid who grew up with nothing, the thoughts of fame and fortune had to be pretty intoxicating. The older kids had to leave school at twelve - There was no way the government were going to spend money educating those kids any more than they had to, and Danny's parents could neither afford to pay for them to go to the private school a few miles over, nor could they afford to run the farm without their help. They all had to learn to support themselves early. Danny's brothers, when not helping out their dad, apprenticed themselves to builders and carpenters. His sister worked at the local general store, and made herself indispensable to the point that she as good as ran the place. From that age Danny focused on putting together the all of the money he would need to get himself to Hollywood. It didn't come easily. Every month Danny had to donate a little of his paycheck to his parents to keep them all above water, and the small amount he was left with after going to see whatever movie was being shown in the theater that week was never gonna get him far. This never put him off though, if anything it made him more focused. None of his jobs ever needed total dedication, and none of his relationships ever got too serious (At least on his end). His siblings began to settle down, and his parents started to worry what would become of their youngest son (In the years after Danny's journey to Hollywood they could all laugh about that, and how plainly ridiculous their worries seemed in hindsight). They all worried that he would never get anywhere, especially not on what he was earning. This was until their fortunes changed suddenly. Then end of the Great Depression seemed to hit Kokomo rapidly, and the end of 1938 affected the family for the better. Suddenly the farm, instead of just struggling to break even each month, was making a profit. People wanted their crops again, and they wanted them in huge amounts. They didn't need help from their kids, and the effect was huge. Instead of being years away from getting to Hollywood, Danny had the money in six months. He was barely twenty, and he was finally going. The family didn't see him off at the bus stop - It was supposed to be a happy occasion, and crying parents didn't seem to fit the bill. They didn't throw him out the door by any means - He was well fed and triple checked before he was even let think about leaving. Of course it had to happen eventually, and after an all too brief goodbye from the people who had let him get to this point, he was gone. Walking away from the farm seemed to last hours, even though he had walked this way every morning for as long as he could remember. It was different knowing nothing would be the same the next time he saw them. In spite of that he was happy, happy to finally leave, to finally see the city he had dreamed of since he was a kitten. Their would be friends there to see him off, good friends who had supported him since day one. That didn't mean nothing was missing. Unable to stop himself, he turned and smiled back at his family. Their seemed to be so many of them; parent, siblings, in-laws. He needed to see all that he was leaving behind. With one last wave, he knew he could leave . I'll make you guys proud. I swear.[Chapter 2] Sawyer was the first and only child born to Jared and Sarah McDermid. Jared had just barely gotten off the ground as a doctor, and while the addition of a child so early in his career may have proved a hindrance, there was no doubt that from the minute she was born Sawyer was one of those children who was deeply and utterly wanted. Whenever asked about her early years, Jared could happily talk at length about the happy little girl who at the age of two would beg her parents to put on their records, and dance around their house. It may not have been the most refined thing they had ever seen,, but even then her level of talent was undeniable. This was the Sawyer he liked to remember - The years which followed this didn't provide many happy memories. Sawyer's parents were just planning on having another child when Sarah got sick. There had been a short, wonderful space of time when they could still hope that the changes she felt might have been down to pregnancy. It became clear pretty quickly that things weren't nearly that simple. This would be something that Jared would hold against himself for years to come - He was a doctor, it was his job, he should have been able to see she was getting sick, he should have been able to fix her. His daughter may have had a chance to really know her mother if he had acted quickly enough. Sarah McDermid died on March 11th 1923, less than a month before her daughter's fourth birthday. Sawyer didn't remember much from that time - she did remember her mother asking her to dance for her a lot in the weeks before she died, when even standing proved too difficult. Sarah had been a dancer for a time, and really just needed to see that there was something of her in her child before she passed on. Looking back, Sawyer probably needed to prove that to her as well. It wasn't until after the funeral that she truly managed to cry, when it was just her and her father alone in their big house and she finally understood that Mom wasn't going to come home. She started taking dance lessons about a year after her mother's death. It had mostly been Jared's idea. He was an involved parent, he had to be, but he was not totally equipped to deal with a child who had endured that level of emotional trauma that early. He figured the best thing for her would be to have an outlet, to have something to focus on that could both distract her and let her feel closer to her mother. Having something to remind him of Sarah couldn't hurt either. Sawyer thrived in those classes. The raw talent she displayed in her early years as she danced around her sitting room came out in full force. She started in ballet, but as she became more focused on her developing her skills she spread out further, even beginning to take singing lessons. It did amazing things for her self esteem - it was difficult being the girl without a mother, and being able to excel at something she loved to such a massive scale was wonderful. She loved when her father came to watch her dance, when she could see how proud he was to know that she was following in her mother's footsteps. She knew that this was all she wanted to do. Her mother had left some money that was to be given to Sawyer once she reached eighteen and by her calculations that was nearly enough to get her to Hollywood and support her for a few months while she found her feet. She did all she could to get whatever extra she needed, even began acting in small independent plays for a few dollars a night, just to get the funds together. It was while doing all of this that she really began to believe that she was good. That she might actually get somewhere. Her father wasn't thrilled to hear about her plans. She was a clever girl, and could get into any college she wanted if she put her mind to it. More to the point, she was his little girl, and the only child he was ever going to get. The thought of just being separated from her was enough to drive him crazy, but that coupled with worrying about her safety was awful. He knew how some of those 'agents' operated, and what they could want in return for taking on a client. The argument proved futile - In the end Sawyer was always going to do whatever she set her mind to with or without his permission. All he could do was give her what she needed to be safe. Sawyer left for Hollywood one week after her eighteenth birthday. She had been arguing with her father in the days leading up to her departure over her refusal to accept any extra money from him to support herself, but they had just about managed to put all of that behind them, at least on the surface. They would be separated by an entire country for the foreseeable future, they should at least be on good terms. He drove her to the station on the day she left, and sent her off with a packed lunch and a hug. They both seemed calm enough as she left, but she remembered how he squeezed her so tight that it almost hurt. She buried her face into his shoulder, and breathed in that smell that was so undeniably Dad's for one last time before breaking apart and boarding. She remembered watching his face as her train departed for Hollywood, and seeing the tears he had tried so hard to hide. Only at that moment did she realise how difficult he must have found all of this. She got herself set up with a hotel room and an agent soon after she had reached her destination. Farley Wink may not have been exactly what she was looking for, but at the very least he seemed to get some business, however small the parts may be. And that was where she managed to make her first friends in Hollywood, the most important of whom had to be Tillie. She may have only been a few years Sawyer's senior, but was undoubtedly a mother at heart. She took care of her in her first few months, and together with the others they even managed to get some roles in the cities underground theater scene. That was the only point in those first few years when life was truly good. It didn't take long for Sawyer to be forced to face the uglier side of Hollywood. A bad relationship and even worse auditions had managed to destroy whatever romantic view she may have once had of the city. She watched as she was passed up for part after part, as less talented performers got the parts. It didn't take long for her to realise that they all seemed to be human. Her money began to run low, and she realised she needed a better source of income. She was forced to turn to Farley Wink. It turned out Farley was more than happy to take her on as a secretary. She could type eighty words a minute and was pretty enough to stop any male clients from leaving, which was more than he could have asked for. The money was good, but life got worse. She began to realise that none of the clients ever got any big parts. They were lucky to get anything at all. It was here that it dawned on her that there would probably never be any parts for her. She probably should have just gone home. It wasn't like there was much left for her here anyway, but she knew that she couldn't face it. She didn't want to go home and admit that she had wasted everything her mother had given her. That she had failed. And she did have friends in Hollywood, good ones too. She couldn't bring herself to just leave behind Tillie or Woolie, or even Cranston forever. It wasn't even a terrible life - She had a nice house, Sundays off and could afford to live in relative comfort. Almost none of her unmarried friends from back home were so lucky. That's what she told herself at least - it didn't provide her with as much comfort as she had hoped. Everything might have been better if she had just stayed at home. ","Summary":" From the time he was five he knew could never live the kind of life his parents had. That wasn't to"},{"Movie":"Silver Linings Playbook","Title":"Silver Linings Restaurant","Author":"David N. Brown","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9430030","Passage":"[Chapter 1] After \"The Other Ending\", I decided to try doing something light, and also try spreading the writing out. I don't have any real plan for where to go with this, and I do plan to write a novel this month, so a slow pace won't be a problem. \"I'm so glad you could all make it here,\" Patricio said as he took his place at the dinner table. \"I've got two announcements to make. First, for anyone who hasn't heard, Junior and Tiffany are engaged. Second, all the permits are in order to start the Silver Linings Restaurant.\" At the middle right side of the table, Tiffany and Pat clasped their hands. Across from them, Ronnie smiled, while Veronica spoke up: \"There's something I should tell you about the name. I heard back from my friend Amy. She did a basic market testing, and there's a problem with the name. It tests well with females, especially ages 20 to 30, but they are not the target market for the kind of food you want to offer. The primary consumers of philly cheesesteak sandwiches are males ages thirty and up. They did not respond well to the name, in fact three different respondents said it sounded like a `girly' restaurant.\" \"Great, so they'll take their girlfriends!\" Pat said with an expansive wave. \"Veronica is, of course, in charge of accounting, and she's helping with marketing. Jake is going to stay as co-founder and vee-pee. Dolores will be our head chef, Pat's going to be her assistant, which is mostly going to be moving stuff around, Donny and that kid Andy will be our busboys. And I've been thinking, we need someone pretty to be our waitress.\" It took Tiffany a moment to realize everyone was looking at her. She looked at Pat, and he tried to step up for her. \"I don't think that's a good idea,\" he said. \"She has poor social skills.\" \"I have poor social skills?!\" she instinctively protested by rote. \"You- I think what he means is, sometimes I speak my mind more than I should. Sometimes I have trouble being patient, and I don't handle myself well when I'm angry.\" Pat tried to pantomime an explosion without her noticing. \"So, I shouldn't be taking orders from people who couldn't make up their minds if the choices were filet mignon and fried roadkill.\" \"She also drops the f-bomb a lot,\" Pat said. \"So she's got a little extra sass,\" said Patricio. \"People will respect that. It will just give our restaurant a little extra character. Not to mention, she's beautiful. Every restaurant needs a pretty girl up front.\" \"I have to agree with them,\" Veronica said. \"If you're going to give Tiffany a job, she would be better off helping Dolores in the kitchen. She has been very good at helping Dolores, she knows the recipes, and you are going to need as many people in the kitchen as you can get.\" \"We already have want ads out for an extra hand,\" Patricio said. \"When we start making money, we can hire more help if we need it. Tiffany's the one we want up front. In fact, knowing the recipes means she can take orders better. \" \"Mr. Solitano,\" Von said, \"we have already discussed that it's going to take some time to turn a profit. Assuming average business for a new restaurant, it will take three months just to earn back what you have already invested.\" \"And I told you, why think average?\" said Patricio. \"Patricio,\" Tiffany said, \"I really don't need the money. I'm still collecting Tommy's pension, and I can keep collecting it even after Pat and I get married. What you're asking... I don't know if I'm ready.\" Patricio smiled. \"And that's the best reason to do it! We still need time to set things up, so you can use that time to practice. It will be fine.\" Tiffany looked to Pat, who gave a somewhat grudging nod. \"He's making sense,\" he said. \"We all need to practice. You could be our waitress just for that, and if it doesn't work out, we can use the time to find someone else when we do open.\" \"Okay,\" Tiffany said. \"But don't say we didn't warn you.\" The restaurant was set up with a vaguely retro look. The floor was black and white linoleum, a 1920s gas pump was in the corner, and they had a few '50s-themed posters were on the wall. A woman in her late forties walked in and sat down at one of the stools at the counter. Tiffany walked up to her. \"Hello, my name is Tiffany, and I will be your server today,\" she said. The woman gave a hint of a nod. \"Here is your menu. Our specials are on the board. Can I start you with anything to drink?\" \"I'll take a glass of water, please,\" the woman said. Tiffany gracefully turned and picked up a glass and pitcher. As she poured, she looked up into the eyes of Dr. Lilly, her therapist. Then she looked to the front window: Veronica was approaching the door. Dr. Lilly gave another nod of approval, and then flicked her eyes downward. Tiffany started to tilt back the pitcher, just as the water overflowed onto her hand. In her surprise, she dropped the glass, and then the pitcher. \"You're okay, it's all right,\" Pat said. He hugged Tiffany while Donny cleaned up the spill. \"Just try to hold back on the swears, okay?\"[Chapter 2] Dr. Cliff Patel walked up to the counter and picked up a menu without sitting down. \"One grilled cheese sandwich,\" he said as Tiffany came up. \"Could you please make it quickly?\" \"We'll do it as soon as we can,\" Tiffany said. \"Would you like it in a carry-out bag?\" \"Yes, thank you,\" said Dr. Patel. Jake's fiancee Caitlyn walked in, and Tiffany took her order. She asked about the sandwiches, and Tiffany gave a detailed account of the ingredients and preparation process. Caitlyn asked if the pickles were kosher, and Tiffany said, \"I don't know, how does a pickle get un kosher?\" Pat called to her, and held up a jar. \"Yeah, they're kosher. Anyway, the jar says they are.\" She kept her eyes on the front of the restraunt. Veronica had just walked in. Her sister sat down. \"Waitress, could I have a menu?\" she said. \"The menus are on the counter,\" Tiffany said. When Von made no move to get one, Tiffany brought one to her. Then Pat called out that the sandwich was done, and Tiffany gave Dr. Patel the bagged sandwich. \"Thank you,\" he said. \"You did it very quickly, I believe I can stay to eat.\" \"Yeah, that's great,\" Tiffany said. \"Waitress,\" Von called, \"what can you tell me about the cheesesteak sandwiches?\" Tiffany started into the same spiel, and came to the table when Von insisted she couldn't hear. That was when Cliff said, \"Waitress, there's a roach behind the counter. There is a roach behind the counter.\" Tiffany strode back. It was true. She swore loudly and foully, and then stamped. With the reflexes she had honed in dancing and in self-defense classes before that, she caught the bug with the first try, and with such force that the head flew from the body, with antennae still twitching. \"You know what?\" she said. \"If you don't like what I'm doing, give the job to the roach!\" It was evening, and Dr. Patel and Caitlyn were back, along with Jake and the doctor's wife Sonja. Dr. Lilly came to the counter and ordered tea. Tiffany was giving instructions to Pat when Veronica and Ronnie walked in, the latter pushing Em in a stroller. \"Waitress, could we have menus please?\" Von called out. Tiffany threw two menus across the room. Then she turned to Dr. Lilly, who spoke quietly to her. \"Waitress, we need a high chair...\" \"Andy, get her the chair,\" Tiffany said. The neighbor kid who had been pestering Pat with his camera a few months earlier emerged with a high chair. Andy and Ronnie get Em strapped in, while Von looked at the menu. \"Waitress,\" Von said, \"what can you tell us about the cheesesteak sandwiches?\" Tiffany came over, and gave the spiel again. \"Pip,\" Em said, pulling on her aunt's sleeve. Tiffany went to Jake and Caitlyn's table, and took a detailed order. \"Waitress!\" Von called. \"We're ready to order.\" \"In a minute,\" Tiffany said. She finished taking down Caitlyn's order, and when Donny failed to materialize she went back behind the counter to give it to Pat. \"Waitress, we're ready to order now ,\" Von repeated. Tiffany went around the counter and back to the table. \"Pipp,\" Em said, tugging Tiffany's arm again. \"Pipp-pipp!\" She raised her arms, clearly expecting a hug. Tiffany kept taking the order, while Em began to fuss. She got the order written down and back to the kitchen, and stayed behind the counter. Em started to cry, clearly upset that her aunt was not giving her the affectionate attention she was used to. Jake got soup and Caitlyn got her sandwich, and then Pat brought out two more sandwiches for Von and Ronnie and macaroni and cheese for Em. Dr. Patel finished his sandwich, and hung around. Tiffany carried Von's order over on a tray. Em started squirming, and Tiffany tried to placate her with an affectionate \"beep\" on the nose. But the baby only got fussy again, tugging Tiffany's arm precisely when she was trying to balance the tray with one hand. Tiffany stared out the window for a moment. Then she hurled the entire tray to the floor. \"You know what? You can take this job and-\" She met Em's wide eyes; the kid was finally quiet. Then she stormed right out of the restaurant. \"Um,\" said Pat, \"I suppose that could have been worse.\" Von put her head in her hands. \"I just wanted a nice dinner...\"[Chapter 3] Pat sat at the dining table with his father, facing Veronica and Ronnie. \"Listen,\" he said, \"you know we all love you both, and it's nothing personal, but... you two can't come to our restaurant. Sorry.\" \"But... why?\" Von said. \"Can't I support my little sister?\" Pat sighed and looked to his father. \"No mincing words,\" Patricio said. \"You aren't. Every test we've put Tiffany through, she does okay until you come in.\" \"So what, Ronnie and I can't come to your restaurant?\" Von protested. \"I don't know,\" Pat said. \"There's no reason Ronnie can't come...\" \"Not helping,\" Ronnie said. Patricio held up his hands. \"Okay, okay, maybe I spoke a bit too fast. I'm not saying you have to stay away forever. But as long as Tiffany's our waitress-in-training, you shouldn't come. Let us keep helping her, without adding any extra stress, and we'll see what happens.\" \"What can you tell me about your cheesesteak sandwiches?\" Dr. Lilly asked. Tiffany answered by rote, until Dr. Lilly stopped her. \"What, did I do something wrong?\" \"You said you broil the bread and toast the steak.\" \"Oh. F-or cryin' out loud. I memorize all this, and then I have trouble keeping it in order.\" \"That is the most difficult part of memorization. Try again.\" Tiffany did it again, and again, and again, until she caught herself screwing up at the first sentence. She swore and turned away, and Pat came in from the kitchen. He gave her a hug, and she hugged him tightly back. With his arms still around her, she turned and recited the whole thing. Everyone present clapped, and she burst into happy tears. \"I would like,\" Dr. Patel said, \"to order a sundae.\" Tiffany went over to a glass freezer and opened it. \"We've got the basic flavors, and Rocky Road, that's my favorite,\" Tiffany said. \"Then there's mint chocolate chip, cookies and cream, butter pecan, and pineapple sherbet. For toppings, we have fudge, caramel, strawberry, sprinkles...\" \"I will try Rocky Road,\" Dr. Patel said, \"with caramel on top.\" Tiffany served him, and gave a little small talk. When he got to talking about his daughter, he said, \"I noticed your ring. Are you married?\" \"Engaged,\" she said. \"My fiancee's name is Pat. Actually, he works here too.\" \"Really, did you meet at work?\" \"No, actually, my sister introduced us...\" Tiffany paused as she reached for the caramel, and then continued, \"My fiancee's wonderful. So's my sister. We drive each other nuts, but it's because we love each other...\" Tiffany smiled as she took an order from Jake and Caitlyn. \"Yes,\" she said in answer to Caitlyn's question, \"our pickles are certified kosher.\" Caitlyn returned the smile. \"You know, most people don't know what a kosher pickle is, and it doesn't mean what you might think,\" Caitlyn said. \"It doesn't just mean that Jewish people can eat it, it means it's made in the style of a Jewish deli. Part of it is that they make sure there isn't any pig fat in the brine, but they also use a particular kind of salt, and they add garlic. Then the main thing is that the pickle itself is sour and crisp. If it's sweet or soft, then it's not really a kosher pickle, even if it isn't really `un-kosher' either.\" \"That's interesting,\" Tiffany said. \"Thanks for telling me that. It makes a lot more sense. Personally, I hate those sweet pickles, especially when they're mushy.\" She finished taking the order and started back to the counter. For just a moment, she froze in her tracks as Von came in. \"Excuse me,\" she said, \"my car has a flat tire. Could someone call a tow truck?\" \"I'll make a phone call,\" Pat called from the kitchen. \"Donnie, why don't you give her a hand?\" Tiffany stepped aside as Donnie walked out, and then calmly went to the kitchen. Pat met her with a hug.[Chapter 4] It was opening day for the Silver Linings Restaurant. The very first customers through the door were two professional-looking women in their late twenties. They stepped inside just far enough to take a good look at the menu. After a moment, one of them said, in a tone somewhere between surprise and disgust, \"You sell cheesesteak?\" \"Cheesesteak sandwiches, authentic Philly style,\" Tiffany said. \"They're good, too. We also serve ice cream.\" The women muttered to each other for a minute. \"I'll take one sandwich,\" said one woman. After another moment, her companion said, \"I'll try one, too.\" By noon, they had a score of customers, and more on the way. Tiffany waited the tables, and Pat came forward to man the counter. \"Mom,\" he said after calling back another order, \"are you doing okay back there?\" \"I'm fine,\" she answered. \"Your father's helping, too. Stay out there.\" Pat glanced out at the restaurant floor, and caught Tiffany gazing at him. He smiled and waved, and pointed to a couple that were obviously ready to order. She smiled back and went to the table. Pat looked down at a little girl who had just walked up. \"Can I have ice cream, please?\" she asked. She looked to be about eight, and she was very black. \"Are you here with Mom or Dad?\" he asked. She pointed to a black woman at one of the tables. \"I'm here with Mom. I don't see Daddy anymore.\" She placed money on the counter, and Pat went to serve her. \"Here's two scoops of sherbet,\" he said, and made a show of looking both ways. \"And here's one on the house.\" He added one more to the already generous serving. \"My Dad owns this restaurant, you know.\" \"My Dad's in jail,\" the girl said as she took the bowl. \"He tried to hurt Mommy.\" \"I'm sorry to hear that,\" Pat said. \"Hey,\" Donnie said over his shoulder, \"did you just let this girl sweet talk you into a free scoop? That's my second cousin Tanya.\" \"Hey, cous,\" the little girl said with a grin. \"I didn't talk him into nothin'.\" \"Darn right, you wouldn't have to,\" Donnie said. \"Now go to your momma.\" Tanya ran back to her mother, and they shared the bowl together. \"I got suckered,\" Pat said. \"With your girl watching,\" Donnie said. Tiffany winked at the mother and daughter, and then blew a kiss to Pat. She went to bring water to a table where Andy had just seated the two latest customers, and froze. Pat's eyes locked on her, and then turned to the pair at the table. There was a woman he had never seen, but Tiffany was looking at the guy seated across the table. After a moment's glance at the slightly pudgy, borderline-balding man, Pat was sure he had seen him somewhere before, too. He was sure he almost had it, just as Tiffany said, \"Geordie?\"[Chapter 5] Pat started to move out from behind the counter, but Donnie stopped him. Tiffany stood alone, eye to eye with a customer who had (at least in his own mind) once been her boyfriend. \"Tiffany,\" said Geordie, with a smile a bit too wide, \"I didn't know you were working here. Uh, actually, coming here was her idea.\" He looked across the table at a dark-haired woman who looked Latina. \"That guy's no `Geordie',\" Donnie muttered to Pat. \"No way that white boy earned the same name as the bro who made chief engineer of the starship Enterprise.\" \"Do you two know each other?\" Geordie's companion asked. \"We used to work together,\" Geordie said quickly. \"Tiffany, this is Serena.\" \"Tiffany... wait, is she the one who got fired for...?\" \"Let's go ahead and take a look at the menus,\" Geordie said. \"So, cheesesteak sandwiches?\" \"Yeah,\" Tiffany says, \"authentic Philly cheesesteaks, just like it says in the window. Do you want to hear about Philly cheesesteak?\" \"This was a mistake,\" Serena said. \"We should go.\" \"Serena, let's just order... How about we split a sandwich...\" \"I don't like hot sandwiches, and I can't eat cheese.\" \"Honey... Look, we already got water...\" Serena abruptly screamed something in Spanish and swept her glass to the floor. Then she screamed some more, in a mix of unprintable English and presumably at least equally profane Spanish, and continued to scream as she stormed out. \"Well,\" Tiffany said after a moment of silence. \"Are you going after her?\" After a moment, Geordie shook his head. \"Then are you going to order?\" \"Uh... Give me a sandwich. Add whatever the glass costs to the bill. And, uh...\" He was starting to take a good look at Tiffany, when his eyes locked on her opal engagement ring. \"Make it to go.\" There was a smattering of applause as Tiffany returned to the counter. At 8 in the evening, Patricio put up the \"CLOSED\" sign and Andy and Donnie served the remaining customers. Tiffany and Pat went back to the office, where Veronica was waiting. Tiffany smiled, and hugged her sister. \"I've been looking over today's receipts,\" Von said, \"and the restaurant has already served over one hundred customers for a gross of more than fifteen hundred dollars. You can expect a smaller turnout tomorrow, and revenues for the next week combined probably will not be any better than the first weekend. But in two weeks' time, you can expect a substantial `word of mouth' factor, and steady improvement after that. All in all, we're off to a very good start.\" Suddenly, Donnie burst in the door, holding up a smartphone. \"Guys, look at this! Aunt Jasmine just forwarded it. It's posted in advance of tomorrow's paper!\" The screen showed the website of the major city paper. The byline was their main food critic, known for withholding his photo to visit restaurants discretely. The headline read, \"Silver Linings Restaurant Serves Best Philly Sandwiches in Bay Area!\" They rushed into the kitchen in time to be met with open arms by Patricio. \"It's a miracle!\" he shouted happily, embracing everyone in turn. But Von met him with a frown and a sheaf of papers under her crossed arms. \"Mr. Solitano,\" she said, \"this is a disaster.\"[Chapter 6] Here's a longer chapter. I'm also going to mention that I received inspiration from a couple local establishments. One is a now-infamous restaurant featured on a Chef Ramsey show. I have never been there, and it's way out of my part of town, but I heard about the place from a friend, and I immediately started thinking of comic possibilities, especially for a restaurant where the food was actually good. The other is a long-gone restaurant called the Flying Crane, where the food was very good, and the owner really did complain about getting good reviews. It was 7 in the morning, two hours from the opening of the Silver Linings Restaurant, and there were already people at the door. Pat, Donnie and Von were waiting in the back for the delivery truck. \"Patricio ordered three times as much as I recommended,\" Von said. \"It might last us through lunch.\" Dr. Lilly was in the kitchen with Tiffany. \"Remember, this is a challenge,\" the therapist said. \"And remember, the reason you're facing this challenge now is because you already did well. Look at the review: `excellent service from a young woman named Tiffany...'\" \"Oh my god, they know my name,\" Tiffany said. \"People are going to ask for me. Oh my god, I can't do this.\" \"Tiffany! Remember what we always talk about with Chinese? To them, `crisis' and `opportunity' mean the same thing. Well, this is both of those things: A crisis, because you weren't prepared for this kind of success, and an opportunity, because you have the success you were hoping for so soon.\" \"Actually, that's a misunderstanding,\" Pat grunted as he passed with a crate of beef. \"There's a combination of two words that can mean `danger' and `opportunity' separately. When they're together, the best translation is `critical point'.\" \"Okay, thanks for that, Pat,\" Tiffany said sardonically. \"Hey, Tiffany, look at me. That still works. This is the critical point, for you and the restaurant. If you can make it through today, then you can keep going...\" \"And if I don't, everything's gone, Patricio's broke, Pat's going to leave me...\" Pat leaned in and kissed her on the lips. \"I'm never leaving you, Tiff,\" he said. \"If we end up on the streets, we're sharing the same cardboard box.\" They opened half an hour early, and twenty people crowded in. Pat was behind the counter, and Tiffany was waiting along with Donnie's aunt Jasmine. \"We won't serve sandwiches until 11,\" Pat said in answer to the most persistent question, \"but we have eggs, sausage, bacon and home-baked cinnamon rolls.\" Jasmine took the bulk of the orders for the first hour, while Tiffany worked her way up to more activity. The cinnamon rolls proved to be a hit. Dolores made four big batches, and they still ran out by ten. The next hour was the closest they had to a lull. Pat came out and talked to Tiffany,and they kissed briefly. The lady reviewer came in at 12:30. The restaurant was crowded, with a line of people back to the door. A skinny white waitress met her at the door. \"You here for a cheesesteak sandwich?\" the waitress asked. \"Yes, they say yours are the best,\" the reviewer said. \"Well, we're out of steak,\" the waitress said. \"Would you like a burger instead? We're out of ground beef, too. How about our signature crab cakes? Well, we're out of crab. Or would you like a little ice cream? Too bad, we're out of ice cream. Oh, you aren't a reviewer, are you?\" \"No,\" said the reviewer. \"Good. My boss says if another reviewer comes in, we're throwing him out on his fat ass, because the review we got yesterday could put us out of business,\" said the waitress. \"What review? The only review I saw said you were great.\" \"Exactly, and that was all over the net! Now we've got more customers than we can possibly handle, we've got almost half our people out foraging for enough food to get through the rest of the day, and god only knows how much that will cost! So, do you want to sit down, or wait in line?\" \"I'll take a table.\" \"Well, we're out of seats, so get in line. Just as well, I've got too much on my plate as it is.\" It was 1 before the reviewer got to the counter. A black man took her order. \"What would you recommend?\" she asked. \"Well, we got brauts, we got grilled cheese sandwiches,\" he said, \"and we got some fine lasagna baking in the oven.\" \"I'll have a grilled cheese sandwich,\" the reviewer said. \"Give me a coke, too.\" \"You bet, that will be six-fifty.\" The reviewer paid and found her way to a seat at an empty seat at a table where some other people were eating. A big, cheerful black lady served the three already there, and chatted with the reviewer. \"Oh, I'm a waitress from way back,\" the server said. \"I was waitin' tables, oh, well, since before you were born. I'm outta retirement to help out here. Oh, and it looks like your order's up! I'll get it.\" She brought the sandwich over. \"Say, what are you doing there?\" The reviewer stopped herself from hiding her tablet. \"Oh, I'm a freelance writer,\" she said. \"I like to work around town. I think this place has the right kind of atmosphere.\" \"Well, that's nice, but I'm afraid we can't have people hanging around just now,\" Jasmine said. \"And please, don't go writing any reviews about how great we are. We've got more than we can handle as it is. Not to mention, you seem nice, and I'd hate for Patricio to have you banned from the restaurant.\" At that, the reviewer knew she knew. But the reviewer was looking up at a newcomer she recognized as a \"human interest\" story writer for one of the big papers. The first waitress intercepted him as he pushed his way through the crowd, and was clearly doing her best to dissuade him from his purpose. But he made his way to the counter, and announced in his smarmy, obnoxious way that he was a reporter interested in an interview. An old guy was already coming out from the back, and the reviewer was sure it had to be the owner. The woman trying to restrain him was presumably his wife. \"You want an interview?\" the man said, sounding ominously calm. The waitress was trying to make some kind of signal, pointing at the reporter's super smart phone. The old guy looked at the phone and smiled, and at that exact moment the waitress winced and covered her eyes. \"You want an interview? How's this for an interview? I'll break that phone or whatever it is over your head, and then we can have an interview about what it was like to have the phone broken over your head!\" \"Patricio!\" the waitress exclaimed. \"It has a camera! \" Patricio lunged forward, but fortunately, his wife was joined by the black guy, and he was held back while the waitress pushed the reporter out the door. At that point, the reviewer decided it was time to make her order to go.[Chapter 7] It was almost midnight on Saturday evening, and the staff were still cleaning up. \"It's not good, but it could have been worse,\" Von said. \"Just hiring Jasmine was a significant jump in our overhead. Our midday resupply cost a lot. Ronnie had to clean out our wholesale supplier, and there wasn't time to negotiate a good deal. On top of that, everyone is eligible for overtime, and Ronnie and I have a gas receipt. Overall, today's cost overruns are equal to our net profit yesterday. \"Then there was the blowup at the reporter. He's a blowhard, and everybody knows it, but he's making a stink and he's not going to let it drop any time soon. He did get you on video, and that's bad enough. It's already gotten thousands of hits online, and it looks like it's going to be on the news tomorrow night. But he's threatening to make a formal complaint of assault, not just against you but against Tiffany. We already have had several calls from his paper, and I issued an apology, but I think the only way to smooth it over is to give him an interview.\" Patricio just shrugged. \"He came in asking me to talk when I was busy running my business,\" he said. \"Are they going to blame me for giving him a piece of my mind? Matter of fact, I could have said a lot more, but we're supposed to be a family restaurant.\" Pat and Tiffany were holding each other in the corner, and though much remained to be done, Dolores gave her blessing for them to depart. They went back to Tiffany's place, and promptly went to sleep in each other's arms on the little couch in her tiny apartment space. Pat woke up after a good seven hours, while Tiffany slept until noon. Rather than try to dislodge her from on top of him, he re-read a few books within easy reach. Then he heard a beep form his new cell phone, and discovered a text from Donnie. It was, in fact, a web link that led him to a post on a food review blog, by the lady reviewer who had discretely visited the restaurant the day before. I found the Silver Linings Restaurant in the midst of one of the best turnouts I have ever seen in a new restaurant, certainly the biggest for a restaurant of this size and clearly far more than the staff was or reasonably could have prepared for. My first impression was of staff who, while courteous, value honesty over style in presentation. I was met by a waitress, whom I subsequently determined to be one Tiffany Maxwell, who openly acknowledged that the restaurant was out of many items, including their celebrated cheesesteak sandwiches. I was also warned that, for the foreseeable future, reviewers are not welcome, not because they are afraid y criticism but because of the praise they had already received brought more success than they can handle. I was told this with sufficient courtesy and self-evident sincerity that I was quite open to withholding any review I might write from publication. If Tiffany or any other staff of the restaurant find this review to be a breach of good faith, I sincerely ask for forgiveness. I ordered a simple item instead, a grilled cheese sandwich, and was served quickly and courteously by another charming waitress. I found the sandwich to be quite good, crisply grilled and subtly seasoned. I enjoyed the company of staff and patrons and the general atmosphere of the restaurant, and was quite prepared to finish my sandwich there. However, as I was taking my first bite, I had the displeasure to witness an event that is already lighting up discussion boards, the confrontation between owner Patrick \"Patricio\" Solitano, Sr and my colleague, Gerald Heart, a \"human interest\" journalist. I immediately recognized Mr. Heart,and anticipated trouble just as quickly, as he is well-known for being outwardly charming but especially aggressive if not invasive in pursuing his stories. Heart conducted himself in his usual style, pushing his way to the counter through a crowd of waiting customers and blithely asking for immediate attention from management. Mr. Solitano then emerged, over the protests of his family, and responded to Mr. Heart's request for an interview by stating rhetorically that he could break my colleague's phone over his head and give an interview about what it was like to have his phone broken over his head. I must emphasize that Mr. Solitano did not at any point approach Mr. Heart, much less move as if he intended to carry out any \"threat\" of violence. Before either party could make any further remarks, the waitress Tiffany took Mr. Heart by the arm, and he was escorted firmly but without protest out the door. In that moment, I made my final decision to write and publish the present review, simply to make sure that in the controversy I was already sure would follow, the public would have a wider perspective than my colleague's camera lens. While I cannot defend Mr. Solitano's behavior, I cannot deny that I felt far more sympathy for him than for my colleague. After witnessing Mr. Heart push patiently waiting customers aside to reach the counter, I was already personally mortified. The only true criticism I can offer against Mr. Solitano is that he should have simply ordered Mr. Heart to leave the restaurant or be reported to the police for interfering with his business, which he assuredly had the right and ample cause to do. Yet,I also cannot deny that Mr. Solitano's \"outburst\" was, if anything, a source of relief in an already tense situation. Considering the mood of the staff and of the customers at Mr. Heart's intrusion, I believe it is very possible that the sheer surprise caused by his remarks, and especially Ms. Maxwell's intervention, may have prevented far more serious repercussions. On the whole, my visit to the Silver Linings Restaurant was one of the most pleasant dining experience I can recall, marred only by the intrusion of my colleague. I would happily recommend this restaurant to anyone- with the sole caveat that it would not hurt to wait long enough for the restaurant to recuperate from its spectacular success.[Chapter 8] On Monday morning, a handful of customers were waiting outside at opening time. So was a roving-reporter camera crew. Tiffany pressed herself to the corner on one side of the front window like a soldier under fire. \"Oh my god, they're going to put me on TV, I can't do this... Jesus, Pat, how are you doing this?\" Pat was out in the open, whistling as he wiped down tables. \"In Baltimore, there were always people watching us from behind the one-way glass,\" he said. \"When I got upset, then they'd just get nosier. But if I just kept doing what I wanted to, usually, they'd just move on to check on someone else. So, I learned to keep my cool, and after a while, we started thinking of ways to have fun... Remember that stuff, Donnie?\" \"Remember?\" Donnie said from behind the counter. \"I came up with most of it...\" He demonstrated a vaudeville stair trick, in which he seemed to descend and then come back up a non-existent set of steps behind the counter. He came back up with his arm raised as if holding an invisble bottle, and proceeded to pantomime pouring and drinking and pouring again. Pat joined in, holding out his hand for Donnie to fill the nonexistent shot glass. Tiffany smiled, and then laughed, and finally came forward, just to block the view of her man's antics. Patricio emerged from the kitchen. \"There's reporters out there, aren't there?\" \"Don't worry about them, Dad,\" Pat said. \"Go back and help in the kitchen.\" As opening time approached, so did the reporters. First, they talked to the prospective customers, and then positioned themselves at the back of the line. Aunt Jasmine came out, greeted a couple people she evidently recognized as previous customers, and then spoke to the reporters. After a moment, Jasmine rapped on the window and waved for Tiffany to come out. She turned away and started scrubbing a random table furiously. Then Pat came to her, leaned in to whisper something in her ear, and gently took the washcloth. Tiffany took a deep breath and went out to face the firing squad. \"Are you Tiffany Maxwell?\" the reporter asked. Tiffany had some idea who he was. He did thoughtful human interest stories for one of the network news programs. He was just right for it, with a sad face and a kind voice. He was familiar to her because he had interviewed Tommy a few times about his work to prevent drunk driving among teenagers. For a moment, she felt anxiety rising, and with it grief. Then she thought of Donnie's trick. \"Can I plead the fifth?\" she said with a smile. \"Yeah, I'm Tiffany. I'm not sure how long I'll be a Maxwell, though.\" She waved a hand to give the camera a brief shot of her engagement ring. \"My fiancee works here, actually... Yeah, he's Patricio's son.\" \"How does it feel running a business with your friends and family?\" the reporter asked. \"Do you think it's easier or harder?\" \"Both, I think,\" Tiffany said. \"When you really know each other, there's a lot of things you notice that you wouldn't otherwise. Sometimes,you can use it to help each other better, and especially to step in before something can get out of hand. Other times, it's just an extra distraction.. All in all, I guess it's better, because for better or worse, you understand each other.\" Then the reporter asked a question that just seemed odd: \"Are you or your family active in any community organizations?\" She nodded, and started to talk about her dance/ depression support group, and obliquely mentioned something Pat went to. That was when the bombshell hit: \"What about Teens For Responsible Driving?\" She managed not to freeze. That was what Tommy had started. The reporter said as much: \"...We were very sorry to learn of Officer Wheeler's passing in the line of duty.\" \"That was his thing, not mine,\" Tiffany said. \"But I know it is still going. A few other officers and quite a few of the kids are keeping it alive. They send me cards sometimes. Actually, the last one was congragulations on my engagement.\" \"You can add ours,\" said the reporter. \"We wish you the best of luck with your engagement and your family business.\" He waved to stop the camera, but he lingered. \"I remember you, Ms. Maxwell. We met when I filmed some footage of one of the group functions. We didn't use it at the time, but I had it included in a memorial segment. I can provide the recording, if you are interested. And I'm sorry if we have imposed.\" \"It... It's okay,\" Tiffany said. \"And I'd like to see that tape.\" By then, customers were already filing inside, though quite a few had lingered to watch and listen. As Tiffany turned around, she almost jumped to see Pat looking at her. He smiled and went back to work, and she did the same. But, as she took orders and went through rote pleasantries, her mind was somewhere else. She thought of all the time she had spent withdrawing and hiding and burying herself in her dancing and chasing guys. Then she had a vivid picture of herself huddling in the corner of a room lined with mirrors, hoping she was staying out of sight, when on the other side of the mirror a whole crowd was watching her. It should have made her reel with anxiety, but in that moment, she didn't feel that way. She thought a little more about how often she would be in despair that she was invisible to everyone else, but lash out or withdraw when someone actually paid a little attention to her. The more she thought about it, the more it seemed to her that she thought nobody noticed her because she was in the habit of selling herself short, and that maybe when people did show an interest in her, it was because a lot of them really did care. And with those thoughts in mind, she turned away from the couple she had just taken an order from, walked up to Pat and kissed him right on the lips.[Chapter 9] I let this go for a while to do other work (mainly in the \"Hunger Games\" fandom), and I have already been working toward winding this up. However, there's one thing left that I have been wanting to do since before I even thought of this particular story, and here it is... At the start of the second month, the rushes were past, but on most days, the Silver Linings Restaurant was still getting as many customers as they could seat. They had two new waitresses, but Jasmine was still working, and Tiffany was in every weekend, and clearly happy to be there. Patricio watched from behind the counter as his soon-to-be daughter-in-law smiled and laughed as she took an order from Von and Ronnie, by now among their regulars. He went back into the kitchen, and embraced his wife. \"This place is a miracle, Dolores,\" he said. \"No- it's one miracle after another. But one thing they don't tell you about miracles is, they're exhausting .\" It was after lunch when the moment they had been putting off finally arrived. The reporter arrived, accompanied by a camera crew and a man with a bland face in bland clothes. Patricio stepped out from behind the counter, and put a fatherly arm around Tiffany, while the remnants of the lunch time crowd looked on. \"I'm Gerald Heart, and this is the Heart Beat,\" the reporter said. \"Here we are at the Silver Linings Restaurant, scene of a confrontation last month between the restaurant owner and myself. We're here in hopes of burying the hatchet.\" He turned to Patricio. \"Mr. Solitano, the first thing I want to say is that I was out of line, and I am sorry,\" he said. \"I extend my apologies not only to you and your staff, but to your customers.\" There was a smattering of applause from the customers, several of whom had witnessed the incident. Patricio extended a hand, and shook. \"I apologize for threatening to break your camera phone over your head,\" he said. \"I lost my temper. People who know me know I do that a lot. I'm always working on it.\" The reporter turned to the waitress. \"I also wanted to talk to Ms. Tiffany Maxwell,\" he said. \"Miss Maxwell, I think I can speak for both of us us when I say, thank you for stepping in. You were the one who kept a clear head, and I'm not going to deny, things could have been a lot worse without your good temper. Is there anything you would like to say?\" \"Yes,\" Tiffany said, grinning broadly. \"You're welcome. And hey Mom, I'm on TV.\" Then she moved out of frame and into Pat, Junior's arms. \"There is someone else who asked to meet with you,\" Heart said. The nondescript man who had accompanied him stepped into frame. \"This is Charles Donner, better known as the Restaurant Renegade, credited with single-handedly making the Silver Linings Restaurant a smash success. Mr. Donner, are you worried that appearing on camera will damage your career as an undercover critic?\" \"Not at all,\" he said, pointing at himself. \"Nobody remembers this face.\" Heart turned to Patricio. \"Mr. Solitano, I understand that the attention Mr. Donner brought to your restaurant has been something of a mixed blessing,\" he said. \"It's a common experience for new businesses to struggle with the demands of unexpected success. It's fair to say your business is among those that have managed to cope. So, do you have anything to say to Mr. Donner?\" Patricio looked at the Restaurant Renegade with narrowed eyes and furrowed brow. \"I remember you. Your order cleaned out the last of our jalapenos,\" he said. He pointed a finger and said deadpan, \"I kill you. Don't come back.\" Customers stared, and Heart looked into his camera like a deer in the headlights. Then, without missing a beat, the critic smiled and said, \"Thank you, sir. I'm sure I deserve it!\" That was when Tiffany burst out laughing, and the customers did the same. \"That's it,\" Patricio said as he returned to the kitchen. \"We're here to stay.\" ","Summary":" After \"The Other Ending\", I decided to try doing something light, and also try spreading the writ"},{"Movie":"Silver Linings Playbook","Title":"I Belong With You, You Belong With Me","Author":"David N. Brown","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9514745","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Here's an \"oddball\" piece I have been thinking over, and decided to write out this weekend. It's a \"song fic\" for \"Ho Hey\" by the Illumineers, used in the SLP TV spots and DVD. (Unfortunately, I have just been told I need to cut the lyrics themselves, but they are readily available online.) This also turned into an outright homage to my All-Time Favorite Author, Fritz Leiber. I would encourage anyone to look up his work, with the caveat that you might run across a spoiler or two for this story. My name is Pat Peoples. About three years ago I got out of a mental hospital. I started trying to find a way to get back together with my ex-wife, but along the way, I met a widow named Tiffany and I married her. She is wonderful and beautiful and smart and she understood me better than anybody. So, of course, I lost her. She's run away from me, and I know she's never coming back. Oh, yeah, and I'm pretty sure I'm dying. So how did this happen? Well, maybe it doesn't have to. I've been reading a lot of books since I got out. One of them is Space Time For Springers: A Theory of Time Travel by Professor S.K. Gummitch and Cecelia Starling. Don't worry about trying to find Professor Gummitch; the foreword by Ms. Starling says that it was written from the professor's notes after his death, and his identity was kept hidden even then. The book says it's possible to travel through time, not with any kind of machine, but with your mind. And if you try really hard, you might be able to change the past. I read it a lot, just in case I might need to try, and now's the only chance I'm going to get. I'm taking my chance, and I know just where to start... \"What kind of popsicle do you want, Tiffany?\" I ask. \"They have strawberry or lime.\" \"I don't know,\" she says. \"You pick.\" \"Okay,\" I say. I look to the guy pushing the ice cream cart. \"I'll have...\" Then I, the future me visiting in my head, step in. It's hard, and I get a feeling like a thundering headache, but I do it. \"Lime.\" I remember every detail of that day. The lime tastes better than the strawberry did. But everything else is the same. We sit in our favorite spot in the park where we run, under a nice, shady tree at the top of a hill that looks out over the lake. I lick my popsicle to savor it, and Tiffany takes bites. I look at her. She's a little older than me, but still looking very good, and kind of exotic. Sometimes, I tease her that she looks like a Siamese cat, and to me she really does a little: Her complexion is just a little dark, which shows more since she started going lighter on the makeup, and her eyes are big and kind of broad. The funny thing is that her parents and her sister all look like the perfect WASPs, and there are times, like now, when I wonder where down the family tree Tiffany got her looks from. But I would never ask, and I don't really care, except that she's beautiful. She says, \"Stop staring at me,\" but smiles. When we're done, I get up, and we walk down to a bridge over the lake. It's the place where I waited for her a few months ago. It was winter then, and we hadn't seen each other in a while, because we sort of broke up. Tiffany had told me she was in love with me before I even admitted to myself we were together, and I got upset and I got myself hurt. I guess history repeats itself. I just hope, if I can't undo what's going to happen, that this time they don't blame Tiffany. So, we're on the same bridge where we got back together, and instead of ice and snow, there's ducks and turtles and flowers, and Tiffany knows what's coming. I hardly know what to do, and watching as future me I can see ways I screwed up that I don't even remember. I'm almost ready to do that push again, but I stop myself, because I know I can only do this so many times, and I know what's going to happen. Unless I changed things... But no. Of course it happens the same way it did. I get down on one knee, and get out the ring, and as badly as I screw it up, she still says yes. Of course she says yes, she was always going to say yes. I could have slipped and fallen in the lake and lost the ring, and she still would have said yes. Never mind temporal inertia, that's true love. When it's done, she jumps on my back, and I run carrying her. Then I say, so she knows I'm joking, \"Tiff, should we tell Nikki?\" \"Fuck Nikki!\" she shouts, and watching it over again, I wonder if she really knew it was a joke. \"She's what's behind you! Stop looking back, Pat! Look at what's ahead of you!\" She leaned forward into my field of view, laughing. Then she waves a hand, at the lake, the park, the city, the whole horizon. \"There's a whole world out there! We can do whatever we want! We can have a big wedding, a small wedding, a shotgun wedding! We can get our own house, apartment, trailer home, a cardboard box! We can have a kid, a dog, a cat, a parrot, a ferret, a ten-foot python! The one thing you can't do is go back, and why would you want to? We've got each other, here and now and for whatever's ahead! Isn't that good enough?\" I agree, and so does future me. It was more than good enough, it was perfect. This was the Most Happiest Day of my life, my one PERFECT day. But I couldn't see how good it was, and I blew it, and that's why I'm back here. The book says there's three limitations on trying to change the past. First, you can only time travel in what the book calls your own lifeline, to the events you lived through, so anything like killing Hitler is right out. Second, you can't go to the same time twice, or go back before a time you've already been to, so if you're going to try anything, it's one shot. Third, the only way you can change the past is to make you back then do something different, and that's really hard, hard enough to destroy you. Professor Gummitch believed it was only safe to try it three times, five tops. Now, you must wondering, why did I use one of my chances just to come back here, to the Happiest day, the PERFECT day, just to ask for a different kind of popsicle? Well, I need to try this out, to find out if I can do it, and it's better to make the first try when I'm sure I can't make it any worse, because Tiffany loved me then. And I won't deny that of course it feels good to live it over again. It also reminds me what the stakes are. If I can find a way to change what happens between this day and where I started, I can be happy with Tiffany for the rest of my life. If I don't, I'm either going to drown or bleed to death under the footbridge where I proposed to her.[Chapter 2] For a moment, I have no consciousness but a whirl of sensations, of wet, and cold, and pain, and for some reason something warm and furry on my face. The last sensation brings me back to myself, returning future-me to the now-me that I started from. It is raining, hard. I am sprawled on the bank of the pond, right beside the bridge where I slipped and fell right through the rail. The rail is still underneath me, stabbing into my hip. The water is normally about three feet deep, but with the rain, it's at four feet and still rising, lapping at my cheeks. My head is hurting, my leg hurts worse, and a reddish-orange kitten is batting at my face. \"Catness,\" I say, and raise my head. Catness Everready is a kitten I brought home from an animal shelter the week Tiffany and I moved into our appartment, right next to this park. Tiffany and I both love her, and I swear, if a cat can love anybody, that cat loves us back. Catness is almost grown now, but the way she acts and even looks is still kittenish. She isn't the kind of cat who shreds your nicest clothes or leaves hairballs in your shoes, but she loves to get everywhere and into everything, and she can't wait to play. As often as not, the first thing I wake up to is Catness on my face trying to get me up. The funny thing was, Catness did the same thing with Tiffany, and she would sleep right through it. So I'm not surprised to wake up to Catness now, even if it is raining. \"Thanks for coming, Catness,\" I said. \"I wish I could get up and play, but, well, I can't get up. I'm sorry Tiffany isn't here, either, but I drove her away again, and this time, she isn't coming back. You know, the way you get into things, Tiffany swears you must know shortcuts in space-time, and now, I think you just might, because I just found one. It's only in my own head, but I can go back in time and if I give a hard push, I can change what I do. If I can find the right time, and make old me do the right thing, then maybe I won't be stuck here, and we won't be alone, and I won't die. So don't worry if I seem out of it for a minute. I'm just back in time, and I won't be long, because time's relative.\" Now it's our wedding night, and the first night we make love to each other, and our first BIG fight. The wedding was wonderful, just a small, short ceremony. Our families throw the big bash at our \"reception\" later. And the love-making, already, it's fantastic. I come in right after. We're in the tub, sipping champagne, ad she's turned around so I'm holding her legs in my arms. I love it. I love her. I'm about to say, \"Your legs are better than Nikki's.\" The effort's like passing a bowling ball, but I- that is, future me- manage to make my past self say instead, \"You are the most beautiful woman I have ever been with.\" She straightens up. I can tell she isn't happy, but at least she doesn't scream. Yet. \"You mean,\" she says, \"I look better than Nikki.\" \"Well... Yeah. For example. But that's a compliment, isn't it?\" It's now-me saying this, without my help. I don't know if I can do anything more. But this is already sounding like it did the first time around, and I should do something. Tiffany's saying something I remember, except she isn't screaming or hitting me. \"No, it's not a compliment, Pat. It's not okay to compare me to Nikki, or any woman you've been with, even if it's in my favor. Can you understand why, Pat? It's because what you're telling me is that you still think about Nikki, even when you're with me, and that means I'm still competing with her. It was hard enough for me to deal with that the first time around.\" Now I try to get through to now-me again. It's not easy, but it's nothing like what it was to change what I said. It looks like, once I make the first change, I can follow without using any more of my chances. \"All right, Tiffany. I understand. I do. Sometimes I feel insecure about you comparing me to Tommy...\" She doesn't scream. This is much worse. \"You're bringing Tommy into this?\" she says, and it's like a hiss. \"You dare bring up Tommy's name? You cowardly, hypocritical sonnuvabitch-\" That's when she throws the champagne bottle, and things end the same way they did the first time I lived through this: I get hit right in the face, the bubble bath turns red, Tiffany screams and jumps up and falls over the side of the tub and hurts herself. So we're both crying and bleeding, and then there's a cop banging on the hotel room door. I move forward, and make a stop just to see if things are different. We're living at the place Tiffany built behind her parents' place, in a little apartment crowded in above her dance studio, and doing our best to be happy. Just now, it's 2 AM, and Tiffany's asleep, holding me really tight with her face buried in my chest, and I'm still reading a book. It's a collection of stories by Ambrose Bierce. I set down the book, frown, and shake Tiffany awake. She comes up slow, and definitely not happy. \"This had better be worth my while,\" she said. \"Tiffany, look at this,\" I said. The book's open to a story titled \"Some Haunted Houses\", which is really several little stories strung together, and I point to the heading of one, \"A Fruitless Assignment\". She takes the book, and as she reads, she gets a little more alert, and when she's done she gets a funny look. \"What the fuck,\" she says, and throws the book away. \"Exactly!\" I say. \"It's one thing to have a story without a happy ending, but this is hardly even a story. There's just a guy we don't really get to know anything about, no real story, just the creepy house, and the completely freaky scene, and then at the end you don't even know if he knows whathefuck happened!\" \"No, Pat,\" Tiffany said, \"I mean, whathefuck- you thought it was worth waking me up at 2 AM to show me this?\" She buries her face in a pillow, and then pulls the pillow over her head. \"God... I really thought it was losing Nikki that made you crazy. I thought if you were over her and together with me, you would get better, or at least do better. But now I'm figuring it out. You were always crazy, you're always going to be crazy, you're like this big blob of crazy waiting to engulf anybody who tries to help you. Nikki just had the good sense to get away from you...\" She starts to sob, and I'm sad, but I'm still hurt and angry over what she said, and as future-me in my own head, I'm hurt and angry all over again. I don't try to stop myself from shouting, \"Don't call me crazy! You call me crazy, you're judging me, and you're a hypocrite. I've got my problems, I never denied it, but I'm not the one who threw a bottle and-\" I go then, I flee. I don't have a perfect memory, even if people do say I'm pathologically anal retentive, but I'm sure that everything is happening exactly the same. Nothing is changed. I said there were limitations in trying to change the past. But all of them put together are nothing compared to the problem of actually succeeding. Even if you do everything right and give your past self a push at just the right time, you're going to run into what Professor Gummitch calls historical reluctance. Basically, it's like you're an actor in a movie where the director lets you do some improv, but will step in if you try to go completely offscript. Like, suppose you could go back to a cafe in Sarajevo on June 28, 1914. A car pulls up, and a scrawny guy who's really just a kid steps forward with a gun. Then suppose you draw a gun to shoot the kid. The gun jams, and he shoots the man and the woman in the back of the car. Or you try to wrestle the gun away. The gun goes off, and the people in the car get hit just the same. Or maybe you tackle the kid. The gun falls from his hand, and some other nobody picks it up and shoots. Or, if everything goes right and the people in the car just ride away, powerful fools will still look for an excuse to fight, and it may even be the living Archduke Ferdinand rather than the dead one who starts the First World War. That's what I'm up against. I have to think it's God's way of keeping us from messing with things, and I wonder if that means it's wrong to try. But then I have to think, if it was always wrong to do it, why would God make a universe where we can do it at all?[Chapter 3] I was debating whether to wait to post this chapter, and I decided it could be a good chance to settle what to do with the \"song fic\" angle on this story. Even before I was advised not to incorporate actual lyrics, I felt like that aspect of my complete draft was a bit awkward: The story is fairly long and having excerpts from the song at regular intervals entailed, among other things, using more of it than I necessarily wanted to use. What I definitely wanted to use all along was a few lines that gave me this idea in the first place, which I think is short enough to use as a \"quote\". I have therefore added a little bit to this chapter that I think will accomplish what I want to do without raising any legal issues. I come back to find Catness Everready's paw poking my nose. Water is lapping at my chin. I try to shift to move myself up the bank of the pond, but I feel that piece of broken railing in my leg. If I move, it will tear up my leg even worse. It's hurting bad as it is, and I try singing to myself, a song my parents played at the reception for Tiffany and me. I tell Tiffany it's our song, even if it's a bit random and silly and she says I don't get the words right. Then there's one verse that sticks in my head, the one that made me think maybe I was meant to learn to travel through time. That's what I sing now, and if the words aren't right, they're right for me: \"Jus' think what migha been'f... I'd took the bus t' Chinatown... I could be standin' at Canal... an' Bow'ry... You'd be standin' next to me.\" My head starts to sag, I'm starting to lose consciousness, which won't do at all. I look at Catness, and remember how I got her. She was my present to Tiffany after our worst fight ever. When I brought Catness home, she looked like a bag of skin and bones. In a month, the vet was telling us she was almost overweight, which didn't stop her from zipping around like a little fireball. Tiffany loved the little furball from the start, and it was watching them together that got me started teasing Tiffany about looking like a cat. For a long time, I was grateful for the fight. But now, when I think what the fight was about... I think maybe that was how this started. I look at Catness. \"You would die for Tiffany, wouldn't you?\" I ask. \"I know a cat isn't supposed to die for anybody, but I think you would for her. I know I would. But I'm afraid it may take more than that. I may have to change things so you're never be with me or Tiffany, and that might mean you don't live past the time when you're a little bitty kitten. You'd practically never be born. But if I thought Tiffany would be better off if I changed things so I was never born, I'd do it, so I'm not asking for anything I wouldn't do myself. It probably won't work, because it turns out history's like a stubborn jackass, and even if it does, I think there's a good chance we'll be together, because I think maybe you were meant to be with Tiffany and me as much as I was meant to be with Tiffany. But if not... Would you want it do happen?\" Catness presses her paw gently into my nose, and I nod and sigh as I go back. I come into my head right as it starts. We're in a proper apartment now, paid for with my job at the grocery store and dance lessons Tiffany teaches in the studio at our old place. Moving into the apartment got us talking about a house, and then... \"But I gave you time to think about it,\" I say. \"I took the time to think about it too. We both had enough time, and now it's time to talk. Do you want kids?\" \"No,\" she says. I hoped to arrive a little sooner, so it takes me extra time to get my bearings, and then Tiffany's voice hits me, and it hurts future me even more than now-me. I'm too off-balance to stop now-me from saying, \"Why not? You like kids. You love Emily. You're old enough that we need to start soon if we're going to do anything. They day we got engaged, you said we could have a kid, and I know you were kidding around, but you didn't sound unhappy about it! Why are you saying no now?\" Her back is turned, but now she whirls around and says what comes up from her mind: \"We already talked about this, Tommy- Oh, shit.\" She stops, and we both stare, and it's just enough time for future me to step in. I stop myself from going off about how I never mix her up with Nikki, and instead I say, \"You and Tommy fought about this. Right?\" She just nods, and starts to cry. \"I think I can tell you what happened. He wanted to try for a baby, and you didn't, or at least you weren't sure, and instead of talking about it, you started arguing about sex. I know. The same thing happened with me and Nikki. I'm sorry for mentioning her, but you need to know I understand. And I need you to know one more thing: Back then, I was the one who didn't want to. I changed my mind, and I have to believe you can too.\" All of this is a lot harder for future me to do, and this time it's not getting much easier, maybe because I already pushed twice before. But I keep on, even though I can tell it is not going to work, not after she said Tommy's name and probably not even if she hadn't. She's on her knees, sobbing, and probably not even registering what I'm saying, and even if she is, she won't remember it, unless it is in little bits that mix together with things we will say to each other later. Now-me is as far gone as she is, which is probably the only reason I have been able to do as much as I have. But the harder I try to control the now-me, the less I am able even to separate how I think and feel as future-me from my past self. I fear that I, the future-me, am about to perish. Professor Gummitch's book reports first-hand the fate of practicing time-travelers who push their talents too far. While the mind is displaced in time, the body falls into a trance, usually just for a few minutes even if he reports being in the past for hours or days. Only sometimes, a traveler never comes out. Gummitch and his colleagues unanimously agreed that this is because the traveler was literally lost in time. They held out many theories of their fate, from simple annihilation to wandering in time and space and even possessing other bodies, but Gummitch favored the theory that travelers, especially those who attempt to change the past, sometimes merge with their past selves. Gummitch further opined that innumerable tales of premonition, possession, multiple personalities and unexplained vegetative states were in fact nothing more or less than evidence of travelers who lost themselves in time. After struggling to control my now-self, I have to struggle even harder to be free before I am consumed. The best I can do is to rmemember what I did, and consent as now-me does it. Tiffany comes up and starts breaking things. Now-me and I are on our hands and knees, and together, we crawl toward Tiffany. At first, she is unaware of us, and then she looks and shrieks, and I give the push to lunge for her as she's reaching for a vase to bust over our head. This time, we tackle her before she gets to the vase, but I slam into the table as I'm tackling her to the floor and the vase falls and breaks right on my noggin just the same. Then we hold her tight as she screams and struggles and scratches. And finally, remembering my purpose, I pull myself from now-me and depart, retreating back to the time from whence I came. The first thing I see is Catness's eyes, just staring into mine. I know I'm back, and I failed. But maybe that's not so bad.[Chapter 4] I will give fair warning that my original plan was to rate this story \"M\" just for this chapter. I have expanded it a bit, mainly by adding a few ideas about the time travel that I had but didn't use when writing the first draft, and if anything it came out as a bit lighter in tone, but it's still DARK. Time travel feels a lot like just remembering things, and Professor Gummitch's book says that's because they're really the same thing. His book Space-Time For Springers opens with a quote from a psychiatrist who said, \"The mind is not the brain. The mind is the brain in time.\" That's pretty trippy in itself, but Professor Gummitch's proof takes it further. He shows that because the mind exists in four dimensions, it follows logically that we can extend our consciousness into time. It's like we've all got a wormhole in space-time, right there in our heads. Remembering things is being aware that we exist in time as well as space. When we remember things so clearly it seems more real than here and now, like when you start to pick out things you didn't pick out, it's because we're actually starting to go back in time. For a moment, that happens to me. First, I'm holding Tiffany, while she's struggling to get away, and I think I'm slipping back to the fight I just left after I almost got stuck. But in this memory, I'm on this bridge, and it's raining, because I'm remembering what happened tonight, and I know I can't go back yet. Then I see papers: Divorce papers, unsigned. A restraining order that is signed, prohibiting me from seeing my own wife, and when I look it seems like Nikki's name should be on it, but it's Tiffany, because history loves repeating itself. And before that, a single note on a fat file, that's the most terrible of all... Then I focus on Catness's eyes, here and now, and she looks like she does when she looks at her reflection in the mirror, and I remember one time... It was the morning of that day... Catness loves mirrors and a lot of the time, she just stares. So this morning, she lifts up her paw and presses it to the glass of the one on the open bathroom door, and it's like more than play to her. At first, I think of the story of Narcissus, but the more I watch, the more it seems like Catness is studying the mirror and the double on the other side. I swear, she looks like a scientist or a philosopher looking for the deepest secrets of the universe, and I can't help thinking that she just might be figuring them out. Then Tiffany comes out of the bathroom, with a towel around herself, kneels, and puts her own hand to that mirror. When I see the two of them that morning, the similarity really is downright eerie. The picture's so clear in my mind, I think maybe I'm back in time again already, until here-and-now Catness nails me across the cheek. She doesn't scratch hard or often, but when she does, I know something's got her ticked off. I manage to pull myself up a little higher, though I can feel the rail digging into my leg. It gives me another half a foot, if I keep my head up. I lean my head against the side of the bridge, and look into Catness's wide eyes. \"I have to go back,\" I say. \"Back to that day.\" Catness keeps looking, just like she understands, and then she climbs right onto my shoulder. That day is our \"semiversary\", six months after our first anniversary. I want it to be a new perfect day, and it will be, until the end. Tiffany's been on some new meds for a while, and she's definitely doing better all in all, and lately, I feel like I've been seeing more of what I think of as the \"sparkle moments\" when I see her just blazing happy. Seeing her and Catness are looking at the mirror, I come up from behind, put my arm around Tiffany, and tell her my plan. She asks me to make love to her then and there, and of course I do, while Catness wanders off on important cat business. Then we have breakfast, and then we go out. We walk in the park, and today, there's a cheesy little carnival there. Besides us, the youngest people there without kids in tow are a smattering of high schoolers. Quite a few people give us funny looks, and I'm pretty sure they would call security on me if I was alone. But nobody hassels us, and we chat with kids and adults, and now and then Tiffany lets Catness peek out of a canvas carryall bag, and she has that intent philosopher-scientist look. I win handily at the carnival games, and when the kids ask how I did it, I show them how to do better. Soon, Tiffany's laden down with cheesy prizes When I win a purple hippo bigger than a lot of the kids, a nice guy at the stand agrees to hold it and our other prizes for us until the end of the eat all the junk food you only see at carnivals, cotton candy and snow cones and funnel cake and a plate of fried clams. We go on every ride that will hold an adult, though as often as not we have to convince someone that it will hold me. The parachute jump and tiltawhirl are truly thrilling, a ride called the \"Octopus\" is a lot of fun, and we have a cheerfully savage duel in the bumper cars. But what Tiffany likes best is the ferris wheel, and we ride it five times before the end of the day. The last time is at sunset, just before we gather our prizes and head for home. Tiffany lets Catness out of the bag, and all three of us look out at the city lights coming on. I relive all this as future-me in now-me's head, and I enjoy it even as it breaks my heart. That hurt helps, because it keeps me seperate from now-me. More than that, it keeps me alert for the signs of what made things go wrong. We look at her a lot. Even as now-me is waddling home with arms full of prizes and the hippo slung over our back, the window of loving eyes stays on Tiffany. But there have been no signs, and when Tiffany looks at us with tears in her eyes, I cannot doubt that she means it when she says, \"This has been the happiest day of my life.\" It is pretty late, and now-me is ready to order delivery from a Chinese place, but Tiffany insists that I fix her a nice spaghetti dinner. Now-me's in a happy daze, listening to Tiffany's chatter like a happy song whose words aren't really supposed to mean anything. But I'm listening, and I catch it. \"Pat,\" she says, \"have you ever been so happy it broke your heart, just because you knew you had to come down? I don't want to come down.\" Even now-me notices, and he's about to say something I just now remember: \"You don't have to come down.\" I give my hardest, most desperate push yet, and now-me says instead, \"Everybody has to come down. It's just the cost of going up. But no matter how high or how low you go, I'll still be with you.\" When we're done eating, we make love, and I really think things have changed, until Tiffany leaves now-me to go to sleep while she takes a bath. It's all I can do to get me up when I hear the water stop running. We call Tiffany's name as we approach the bathroom door, nicely. There's no answer. We knock, and call more urgently. Nothing. We knock the door halfway off its hinges. The tub is full, but Tiffany is nowhere to be seen. This time, we find Tiffany on the couch in the living room. The prizes I won for her are piled around her and in her lap, and Catness is in her arms. Three half-empty pill bottles are on the coffee table. We grab for the phone, and I see her eyes open a little. We are here sooner, but still too late. \"Please don',\" she says, and she actually smiles. \"An' please... don' be mad. Don' bring me down.\" \"Why, Tiffany?\" I shout. \"I gave you the happiest day of your life, and you do this! Why?\" \"'Cause Pat... I can't come down.\" Then her eyes close, and Catness curiously touches her nose. The medics get there in time; I'm told it wasn't even a close thing. But I feel all over again their eyes on me, wondering what I did to make her do this. She goes away to the hospital, and soon enough she will be on her way to the other kind of hospital, with a note in front of her big fat file that might as well be a life sentence: Dangerous to self and others.[Chapter 5] I come to at a scratch from Catness, and spit water out of my mouth. I jerk my head back, and stare mournfully into Catness's eyes. \"It's no use,\" I say. \"I couldn't stop her. I could never have stopped her. And it's not because of temporal inertia... It's because she really wanted to do it.\" I replay the last four months in my mind. The amazing thing is that I hold it together as well and for as long as I do. The first day, everybody we know is either calling or dropping in, and it seems like everyone but me is crying. The funny thing is, they keep telling me Tiffany's going to be okay and they keep asking me if I'm okay, which I think is weird because I'm not in the hospital. Except Tiffany's sister Veronica; all Von does is put her arms around me and cry, while I'm trying to talk to her husband Ronnie who was my best friend before he was with her or I was with Tiffany, until right before they go, which is when she whispers, \"It's not your fault.\" I cry next day, all day, and Mom comes over, and my friend Danny asks if he can stay here, and I say it's okay. The third day is supposed to be therapy time with Dr. Patel, and he comes over. \"Pat,\" he says first thing, \"are you okay?\" And I practically explode about everybody asking me if I'm okay when my wife is in the hospital. Then he says, \"She is asking if you are okay.\" Then I just gush, she's awake, she's talking, when can I visit, and Cliff says, \"She is talking to her doctors. She has talked to me. The first thing she asked is if you are okay.\" Then he gives me a look, like I'm supposed to know he knows something I know, only I got no clue what I'm supposed to know. Then he seems to change subjects completely. \"This apartment is very clean, also very safe. You appear to have child-proofed many of your cabinets. I also notice you have canvas bags for carrying groceries.\" Then I tell him how we babysit Em sometimes, and we have the cat around, so we put locks on cabinets that have stuff that could hurt someone, and how the canvas bags mean less paper and plastic in the environment and around our house. He nods and says, \"Plastic bags can also be hazardous, to animals and children.\" I nod, and say that yeah, one of the reasons we try to cut down on bags is to keep Em and Catness safe, and he says, \"Yes, Em and Catness.\" Then, out of the blue, he says, \"Has Tiffany talked to you about whether to take her pills?\" At first, I'm confused, and I say the first thing that comes to mind: \"Well, we've talked about kids, we still talk. She says she doesn't think she wants that, and I tell her that's something I still want, and I hope she will at least think about it, but it's her decision and he don't want to put any pressure on her...\" Cliff listens to me a bit and then says, no, the other pills, and I say, oh, the meds for her depression, and then he asks if there are any over-the-counter drugs in the house, and I say, \"No, we both agree, we don't believe in that stuff. I mean, we'll take stuff if we really need it, like for her depression and my episodes, but just to treat a cold, which is really just suppressing the symptoms, or taking the edge off a headache, or just getting a good night's sleep, that's just trivializing medicine. Besides, we don't need any more stuff to worry about Em and Catness getting into.\" Then he repeats again, yes, Em and Catness. I think that's odd, but I don't think about it more because then he lays it out. \"It appears that Tiffany voluntarily discontinued her own medication,\" Cliff says. \"She says she stopped within the last month, fully understanding the consequences for her mental health and accepting full responsibility for anything she might do in an unregulated state. By all indications, she went to great lengths to manage her symptoms, and the symptoms themselves were not all negative. While she does not share your diagnosis of bipolar disorder, she has a similar tendency to experience emotional highs between major depressive episodes. When she was in the `upward' phase of this cycle, it would have appeared that she was healthy and even improving. It is a mistake even clinicians make. I am sure you simply took it as a sign that your wife was happy and growing more satisfied with your marriage- and, at the time, she was. But inevitably, she faced the downward end of the cycle, and reached the limits of her endurance. There was nothing you could have done, Pat. It was not your fault. Nobody believes it is your fault, least of all Tiffany's own friends and family.\" The first month goes by, and then six weeks, and somehow, I hold on. Mom visits a lot, and Danny moves in, and together, they keep the apartment in shape. They quietly put a lot of Tiffany's things away. I go to my shifts at work, and then I start dipping into leave time. I write a letter to Tiffany every day, though her doctors say she shouldn't have contact with me or anyone until the doctors agree she's stabilized. I don't try to deliver any of them, either, because I've learned to respect them. I just write down all the letters in one notebook, so I can give them all to her when she gets better. I love on Catness, too, and always mention her latest antics in my letters to Tiffany, and sometimes I sign Catness's name with mine at the end. And now that I think about it, it was during that time that Catness knocked a book off the shelf that I didn't even remember buying, though I'd noticed the odd title. It was Space-Time For Springers . So, she's cleared to outpatient care, where patients can receive visitors. I go over to Mom and Dad's, with the notebook in hand and Catness in the bag, so Mom can drive me over to the hospital. When I get there, Mom and Dad are waiting in the kitchen. And Ronnie, and Tiffany's folks, and my therapist Dr. Patel, and Danny, and even old Dr. Timbers. The first thing I think is, Oh shit. It's Dr. Timbers who gives me the piece of paper. I hate him, and I'm sure he's doing this because he loves being the one to drop bad news on me. But, it occurs to me even then that he's also be doing this because he knows I can take it better from him than the people I love. I take one look and say, \"Why are you giving me this? I haven't tried to contact Nikki in years. I hardly think about her anymore.\" There's an old Indian story about a rattlesnake, caught out in the cold, who talks a woman into taking him into her tent (because in these stories animals can talk), and he promises not to bite her. So she takes him to her tent, and then he bites her. Then, as she's dying, she asks the snake why he broke his promise, and he basically says, \"I'm a snake, what did you expect?\" I always think of Dr. Timbers' voice as what the snake would sound like: So soft, and kind, and reasonable, and honest. \"Patrick, you know that this is not about Nikki,\" Dr. Timbers says in that snake voice. \"You are familiar with what a restraining order means. For the foreseeable future, you are not to have contact with Tiffany and she is not to have contact with you.\" \"Are you saying she doesn't want to see me?\" I challenge him. \"No one is saying that. The order applies to her as much as it does to you. It was granted at the request of both your families and the recommendations of myself, Tiffany's therapist, and Dr. Patel.\" I want to shout that it's a lie, but I look around and I know it isn't. \"Patrick, you know that no court would grant such a request lightly, but only if there was a clear potential for harm to one or both parties.\" Then I get out a good shout: \"So you're saying I would hurt her?\" But even as I say it, I think of the bottle, and the vase (which is fuzzy in my memory), and the time in Baltimore when I saw Big Jim, a hundred pounds soaking wet, send an attendant who used to be a linebacker to the other hospital. I don't need to look at anyone to know that's not true. \"You think she would hurt me.\" \"There are many ways to be hurt, Pat,\" Dr. Patel says. Not all of them are physical.\" Then I know... something. A piece falls into place in my mind, but it's like the rest of the puzzle falls apart, along with my mind. For six weeks, my memory is literally a blank, because any rational thought processes that would give my experiences meaning are gone. The most I will ever come up with is a sort of montage: Staring back at Catness's sad eyes. Staring at the wall while people- mostly Danny- try to talk to me. Their voices in my memory are no different than they were then, the squawking of the off-screen adults in the Charlie Brown TV shows. Staring at photos of me and Tiffany. Staring out the window at the park. Staring out at the park from the footbridge. And then for some reason there's one flash of getting on a Greyhound bus, and looking at a ticket that says New York, New York. I snap back to here and now. I need to. I think I'm about to remember that last piece of the puzzle, and I can't afford to yet. It's already made me lose my mind, and I'm pretty sure it's got something to do with how I end up here, and there's no telling what it might do to me now. But there's something else I want to remember, and going back in time is the only way to do it. I look at Catness. \"I have to go back,\" I say. \"Not to change anything. To find out what happened.\" Then I'm back, standing in the doorway of a Greyhound bus, looking down at a ticket to New York City.[Chapter 6] This chapter is my most direct homage to Fritz Leiber in this story. I will also refer readers to my Zombieland fan fic \"Fear and Loafing in Las Vegas\", specifically for a previous take on what I would call \"non-verbal intelligence\". I personally find this a fascinating subject, and I found this story especially rewarding as an opportunity to treat it with more nuance, but I still can't deal with the theme without thinking of the sheer malignity of Clan Tweedle. I will find out enough afterward to know that I only get away with this because everyone is waiting and watching for me to look for Tiffany. It still wouldn't have worked if the bus station didn't have automated kiosk tickets, so now-me has been able to buy tickets without having to talk or draw any extra attention. I have five other tickets for five different cities in my travel bag. Obviously, I have planned this very well, especially for someone in a complete psychotic break. I start in the morning, and it's well into afternoon by the time I get to New York City. No one else takes a close look at me, or gets close to me either, and it's the same deal in the city. Say whatever else you will about New York hospitality, if you're quiet and smelly with a weird look in your eye, they'll go out of the way to leave you alone. I've been getting a sense of what now-me's mind is like: not really thinking in words, but just pictures and feelings. Then we walk into the subway station, he points and gestures anthropologist dealing with the natives, and they're more than happy to answer so we will go away. We hop a few trains, and walk quite a ways. It's well after dark before we finally get to our destination. I read the sign on the door of the old brownstone building, and in an instant I realize what now-me has known all along. Then the door opens on the Joseph Starling Memorial Animal shelter, and I know without a doubt that the fifty-something woman who answers the door is Cecelia Starling, coauthor of Space-Time For Springers . \"Hello,\" she says. \"You must be a time traveler.\" She leads us inside, and gives now-me something to drink. Around us are cages full of cats, many old, diseased or crippled, with at least a dozen running around. Now-me pets the cats and says, \"Gummitch.\" \"I'm afraid Gummitch is long gone,\" Ms. Starling says. \"If you read the book, you know that already. But I can introduce you to his great-grandson.\" She leads me through rows and rows of cages, and stops. From the cage, she removes an old and very fat tomcat. \"Even most `cat people' don't really understand cats,\" Ms. Starling says after we sit down on a convenient bench. \"The most basic fact about them is that their mental life cycle is the reverse of ours. For us, the progression from infancy to adulthood is one of progress, from semi-sentient, self-centered dependency to a reasoning member of society. Of course, there's always room for debate how much progress most of us really make. For the cat, adulthood is a mental regression: A curious, gregarious kitten becomes a lazy, solitary adult cat. Such is the way of the average cat. But then there are Super Kittens. \"The Super Kitten is to the typical cat what the average human is to the average chimp: Similar in basic qualities, yet vastly superior in almost all of them. Of course, the chimps might dispute that. If it were possible to make quantitative comparisons to humans, I believe their intellect would be nothing more or less than that of a human genius. But the qualitative differences are undoubtedly too great for quantitative factors to have any meaning. They can grasp truths which would elude us, but surely there are many truths known to humans' satisfaction that would be just as elusive to them. \"Unfortunately, a Super Kitten is not unaffected by the regression of adulthood. But they remain a cut above their peers, and they retain the qualities of a kittem.\" As she spoke, she stroked the fur of Super Kitten Percy, who looked up at Pat with the lazy elelgance of a Sphinx. Now-me leans down and gazes into eyes of the Super Cat. He yawns and blinks. \"You might be thinking, I believe I can talk to cats,\" Cecelia continues. \"Most people who know of me do, though I hope you are more perceptive. Of course, I know better than anyone that trying to communicate verbally with a cat is useless. That would be like ants trying to communicate with us using only their pheromones. Talking in our own speech can be useful for facilitating a mental connection. But based on my research, the only humans capable of truly and fully meaningful communication with a feline, even a Super Kitten, are those who would be classified as non-verbal psychotics. Like I was.\" We look up at her, and she nods. \"You have your own trouble, but rest assured, I was far worse. I did not speak until I was five. The only learning I manifested in that time was an exponentially increasing capacity for malice. My parents feared for our pets, my baby brother, and even their own safety. Then they brought home Gummitch the Super Kitten. I will never know what he did, or why, and I'm sure at the time I hated him for it. But he made a raport with me, and a time came when I began to act like a human being, and at the same time Gummitch became more like a cat. I suspect that it was the price he paid for helping me, and I am sure it was greater than I was ever worth. But as I grew up and he grew old, the raport stayed and even grew stronger, and after a while, I decided to do my best to write down what that strange old tom seemed to be trying to tell me.\" She sighs. \"That cost a great deal in itself. My baby brother was the first to test Gummitch's theories. He was one of the ones who departed and did not return.\" \"You should return to where you came from. And don't worry about this self of yours. We will help him as best we can. I will let him stay the night, and I would guess that by morning, there will already be people coming to pick him up.\" The old cat stirs. \"I believe Percy wishes to try an experiment. I think it can do no harm. You might be crazy enough to understand what he has to tell you, and if there is another you in there, you might be able to do something with it.\" She lifts up the old tom, and the cat stretches out a paw to our forehead like Michelangelo's picture of God reaching out to Adam, and in an instant I understand. And then I am pushed, hurled forward in time, and I know exactly when I am going.[Chapter 7] I am drifting through time, at first, and I'm not sure how much is me traveling in time and how much is just remembering. The first thing I experience is the morning I snap out of it. I find Catness is on my face, putting her paw to my nose like she thinks maybe it's my reset button, and Danny's cleaning the apartment. He knows, and sits down. \"Nothing's final, Pat,\" he tells me. \"You're still married. The order's open for review at any time. And just between you and me- Tiffany's been asking to see you. You just gotta keep it together, Pat. And clean yourself up, too. You want to look good for your woman, right?\" I lost my job, but I get a new one stocking shelves in a pharmacy. It's just the right combination of physical labor and rote memorization for me to do it and blank out everything else. I visit Mom and Dad, and make phone calls to Tiffany's folks, who really are nice people to talk to, and I don't even ask that much about Tiffany. I do ask enough questions to find out that Tiffany's studio-apartment is now being rented out to a dance instructor. Once, her mother tells me, \"She's not here, Pat.\" I also call Ronnie and Von's house, but I always get voice mail. In a couple weeks, I get to see Tiffany. It's called a supervised visit. Tiffany comes with her attorney, who is her sister Von, and I come with Cliff. We have lunch at the diner where Tiffany and I had our first dates. I come with the notebook, which by now is ragged and overstuffed with loose-leaf paper. I insist on offering the notebook first thing, and Tiffany takes it, though Von clearly isn't happy about it. Tiffany puts the notebook in her own bag, straightens up, and just starts talking. She sounds like her sister Von does, talking about the most random things without regard for what, if anything, anyone else says. Mostly, she talks about reading books, and unlike Von, she does pause and listen when I talk. The one time she really responds is when I mention Space-Time For Springers . \"Oh my god,\" she says, \"I thought I gave that thing away. I got it from one of my roommates; she majored in science. I looked over it some, and she let me have it. She said it's about one-quarter occultism, one-quarter metaphysical philosophy, mostly self-contradictory, and one-quarter pseudoscience. Still, she said whoever put it together had to have known a lot about math and physics, and she said some of it showed real insight. I'm surprised you got through it\" \"Well, it seemed to make sense,\" I say. \"And it always condenses the complicated stuff into something simple. A lot of it's really just about positive thinking.\" \"Yeah, you're right, and boy, do you have that down.\" It's two weeks before we meet again, and something happens in the meantime. I'm stocking the shelves, sorting out the long names, and I pause just a moment because I realize one sounds familiar. I realize it's the one Tiffany takes. I take a closer look at the label, and I'm kind of blank after that, until I get home. The next visit is at the park. Danny comes with me, and Von brings Em, so Tiffany and I end up spending most of the time playing with her. We finally really talk a bit on that bridge, and I hold Em on my shoulders. At least, she talks. Now-me is having trouble really paying attention, because he keeps thinking about that label. \"I read your letters, all of them,\" Tiffany said. \"You know, you write like a middle schooler, and you couldn't cut a manuscript down to size if you had a chainsaw. I couldn't put that notebook down.\" I let Em get down and climb up on the bridge railing, which is when Von insists we send Em back, because the railing could break under any kind of weight. Now-me says, \"Tiffany... I love you... I always want to be with you...\" Even now-me is kicking himself as we're saying it, but I don't try to stop us, because reliving it I know it was one thing that needed to be said. \"I belong with you, you belong with me. You need me, I need you.\" She looks at me, and tears start coming out of her eyes. In the corner of my eye, I see Von get off the bench, but Tiffany waves her back. \"Pat, do you know what happened while you were, well, out? About a month ago, Von and Ronnie and a couple cops came to me, and they told me the whole deal with you not talking, and that you had slipped away from Danny and gone missing. That was the first I heard about it. They didn't quite come out and say it, but I could tell they thought you and I had both been planning to slip off and get back together. So, the cops made sure to keep eyes on me, and wherever you might look for me. After a couple days, they told me they'd found you, and after all they'd done to drag me into it, they couldn't get out of telling me where. It was New York City, Pat! You couldn't even talk, but you managed to get on a bus to New York City!\" She waves out over the lake. \"That's why you're wrong, Pat. Remember what I told you right here, the day you proposed? I said we could do anything we chose, and what I really meant was, you can do anything you choose, and you can be anyone you choose to be. With or without me. I always believed that. I...\" She looked me in the eyes, and then she screams, \"And I was fucked up, all right?!\" Then she runs back to Von, and I don't get to tell her what I read on that label: \"Do not take if you are pregnant or may become pregnant.\" I'm afraid there won't be any more meetings after that, so I'm extatic when they ask me to meet Tiffany at her parents' house the very next week. Tiffany comes with her sister Von, who has a big suitcase full of legal papers. Tiffany sits down, perfectly straight, I can tell she's been practicing a lot: \"Pat, you know I love you. I will always love you. I don't regret one day that we've been together. But it isn't going to work. It's not your fault, it's not really anybody's fault, it's just who we are. Please, Pat.\" Then she gets up and walks out, leaving Von to explain the papers. Coasting through time in my own head, I let it all happen, because I know what's coming, and I hope, just by living through it I can be better prepared, because next week is today, and if I can't change something, it's the day I'm going to die in a duck pond.[Chapter 8] It's today, one week after Tiffany gave me the divorce papers. Von's called a few times, asking me to bring the papers. I asked for another meeting with Tiffany, on the footbridge in the park, and I did say I would bring the papers. Von said she's against Tiffany seeing me, and I know she probably won't even tell Tiffany I asked for the meeting, but I can hope. I have to. Hoping is the one thing I'm good at. I go to the footbridge, and wait. It starts raining. Danny comes and asks me to come inside, but I just stare. And then, just as the sun's setting, Tiffany comes, carrying Von's briefcase. It's already raining hard, and it's getting cool too. \"Where's Von?\" I call out to Tiffany. \"Fired! She told me not to come,\" she says. \"She said you had papers.\" \"I'll show you mine if you show me yours,\" I say. We draw together. Mine are blank, and already sodden. Hers are charred scraps in a sealed plastic bag. It's a small bag. Then she empties her bag into the pond, and I'm about to say that she shouldn't do that because the paper could be bad for the ducks and fish and things in the pond. Instead, I tear mine up and throw them in like so much confetti. She laughs and kisses me. \"I did sign mine,\" she says. \"Von told me I needed to do it. She says I can't be good for you and you can't really be good for me because we need each other too much, and that's not how a healthy marriage is supposed to work... Yeah, like she's the expert.\" She makes a flatulent sound. \"I did need to do it. I needed to see it in fine print to know, there's no Plan B for us. It doesn't matter if you're nitro and I'm glycerine. I belong with you, and you belong with me.\" \"Have you been taking your pills?\" I ask cautiously. \"Of course! Like Von would let me skip,\" Tiffany says. \"Now let's go back to the apartment, get out of these clothes and-\" She kisses me hard, grinding her hip between my thighs. \"It's not that easy,\" I say. \"Come here.\" I climb up, and Tiffany follows, even as she protests, \"Jesus Christ, get down, Pat! This thing isn't built to hold any kind of weight! It could break, and we'd fall in. Listen to that, it's creaking!\" \"What do you care?\" I shout. \"You tried to leave me!\" She starts sobbing. \"How long are you going to hold that over my head?\" she screeches. She's angry, but at least she doesn't pretend I'm talking about the papers. \"I told you I was fucked up! I was off my meds, high on sugar and great sex, and looking down both barrels of a depressive episode!\" We're both sobbing now, even as we shout. \"You knew what you were doing!\" I yell at her. I take hold of her, keeping her on the rail as she struggles to get down. \"You knew what you're like without your meds! You knew what losing Nikki did to me! So what did you expect me to do when I woke up, after the happiest day of our lives, with the sun shining in, and the birds singing, and Catness jumping on me, and then I would have found you... gone... with half my pills there beside you? What did you want me to do? \" \"I was off my meds! I was fucked up!\" she protests. \"I said I'm sorry!\" \"I could have hated you, after I got over just being worried, if I hadn't kept asking- why half?\" I shout. Now I am screaming, and I am shaking her. \"You took half my pills- exactly half! You counted them out, and why? For a while, I really couldn't figure that out, and I think I lost my mind when I did. The other half were for me! \" \"I didn't want you to do it!\" she screams suddenly. \"At least, I didn't want it to be like that! Look, if I had wanted you in on a Romeo and Juliet deal, don't you think I would have asked you to do it with me? I won't pretend I didn't think about it, and don't you pretend you might not have said yes! But then it wouldn't have been a real choice for either of us, just the same fucked-up codependency spiral dragging us straight down the drain. The only thing I could do that was fair to us was to do it alone and leave you to make your choice. I felt like I owed you that, because I had already taken too many choices from you. And I was wrong , Pat, and I could never do it again. Please Pat, let's get down.\" \"And what were my choices?\" Then I know she knows I know. \"There was one other thing that really bugged me more than anything: Why did you go off your pills in the first place, and why didn't you just go back on? Because you aren't supposed to take them if you could get pregnant!\" \"What do you want me to say?\" she screams. \"I did it for us, and look what it cost! And what are our choices now? We both know what's going to happen, as long as we're together at all- you're not going to let that go, and I can't trust myself to keep saying no to you until my clock hits the buzzer. This is what makes normal people crazy stupid!\" I pull he right against my shoulder, and almost whisper: \"Well maybe, just maybe, you got it right the first time... Romeo and Juliet.\" She tries to pull away, and then I am screaming and shaking her louder and harder than before. \"Am I scaring you now, Tiffany? Because this is how it felt, just to wake up and find you weren't there! This is what you did to me, you selfish stupid slut! \" I let her go then, and she jumps down and almost slips. I reach for her again, just to steady her, and she screams and starts running. \"Tiffany, wait!\" I jump down to go after her, but I slip, and I have to grab the rail again to keep from falling, and she runs faster, and when I get my footing and start to lurch for the edge of the bridge, she goes faster still, right out of sight and still running. I sigh, and take one more step forward, and that's when I slip and take the hard fall, right through the railing. I relive it all, pushed through time by a touch from that old tom, feeling all the pain even worse than before, and I can't change a thing. Not because of some power of the old tom, but because the me of just an hour in the future is completely one with the me who drove Tiffany forever and doomed myself to drown in a duck pond. And then I am back, and I feel a paw on my forehead and water splashing up my nose. I cannot raise my head any higher; the best I can do is lean back, and look up into Catness's eyes. \"Love, we need it now,\" I sing to myself, while the water isn't quite in my mouth, \"'cause lord, we're bleeding out...\"[Chapter 9] I look into Catness's eyes, and I understand at once that she is no Super Kitten. Yet, there is surely a spark of the Super Kitten there, just enough for me to think that this might actually work. I picture a message, not in words but in pictures and sensations, the way I did when my brain was completely off the rails. I add the picture of the old tom, the sensation of a push. In a moment, Catness is off, and of course I'm dead. Even the old TV hacks were never silly enough to dream of a cat bringing help. The water's lapping under my nostrils again when I hear Tiffany's shriek. Then she's leaning down, leaning over me, and her lips breath air right into my nostrils. Then she looks over her shoulder and shouts, \"Here he is! Now get your asses over here!\" I hear Danny, and Jake, and Dad, and even Ronnie. Tiffany gives me air again, while Catness bats at my cheek. Danny and Jake get down in the pond, chest deep, and manage to lift the railing stabbing my leg along with me while Ronnie grabs my shoulders. When they get me up on the bank, Tiffany leans down and whispers in my ear, \"C'mon, Pat... did you ever think there was a way I wouldn't come back to you?\" In that moment, I understand why people would be allowed to travel back in time even when they can't change anything. It would make us see that there's some troubles we just can't avoid, and some things that are just meant to be, and just how good what we have really is. I put my arm aroung Tiffany. \"I told you that rail would break,\" she says. \"I think that bridge is a death trap,\" I say. I'm feeling loopy, and I know I'm about to pass out. \"We should sue.\" The last things I feel is Catness's paw pressing on my nose. Later, in the hospital, I'm talking to Dr. Patel and Danny and my Dad. \"Nobody is considereing filing charges,\" Cliff says when I ask. \"Your meeting was clearly by mutual consent, and the rest was clearly an accident.\" Then I tell them about my imaginary voyage in time. \"Seriously, I really thought that book had the secret of time travel,\" I say. \"Then I found out it was written by a crazy lady who thought it was dictated by her cat. Well, in my dream, it was.\" \"I gotta say,\" Danny says, \"I'd believe in psychic time travel sooner than I would've believe a cat would lead people to its owner in distress, and I saw that happen.\" \"Sometime, I oughta look up who Cecelia Starling really is,\" I muse. Dad speaks up: \"Ah... actually... that part was real. You did run off to New York, and they did finally track you down at an animal shelter, and the name of the owner was Cecelia Starling.\" \"Pat may have recovered some memories that were previously blocked,\" Dr. Patel says. \"Maybe we should call her up,\" I say. \"Too late for nothin' like that,\" Danny says. \"A week later, she died in her shelter, and by the time they found her, the cats ate her. So, Pat... what did you try to change?\" I think about it, and decide to tell about the wedding night. I'm just starting when Tiffany walks in. \"Hey, whoa, none of that's what happened at all! You know you never remember things right,\" she says. She looks to the family. \"Look, here's what happened. Most of you know, we sort of got each other busted up, few stitches, nothing serious. But there wasn't any fight. It's just that we were in the tub, drinking champagne, and, well, you know about reflex actions...\" Everyone laughs, and as I look at Tiffany, I can tell she really believes it. Soon enough we're alone. \"Dr. Lilly has agreed to change my medication,\" she says. \"Something new that doesn't have the same side effects. It doesn't mean I'm ready- I'm not- and it doesn't mean I want to- I still have a hard enough time taking care of me. But it will give us our choices back.\" \"Tiffany,\" I say, taking her hand, \"whatever happens, my choice is always you.\" \"Pat,\" she says after a while, \"did you ever wonder, if I ever tried it.\" I look at her. \"Time travel, I mean.\" I shrug. \"I suppose, if you had, you would have used up all your tries on saving Tommy.\" \"You're right, if I could have, I would have,\" she says. \"Who knows? Maybe it would have happened at night instead of early afternoon. Maybe he would have stopped to help a guy with a flat instead of an old lady who's car broke down. Maybe he would have lived long enough for me to see him die. Maybe I would have figured out a lot faster that what happened came down to Tommy just being Tommy. And then maybe I would have decided, that maybe there was something better meant to be.\" We're quiet a while, and then I tell her about my first trip, back to the perfect day. She stops me when I mention buying the popsicles. \"There's something I think I should show you,\" she says. She insists on going home and getting something I kind of knew about, her scrap book. She lays it in my lap, and I open it. The first page holds a photo and the business card of the diner where we went on our first \"non-date\". Then there's photos of our day at the beach with Ronnie, Von and Emily, and a pressed wild flower. Not much further in, there's a playbill from our dance recital, Christmas photos, and a letter from me asking to meet at the park. And there... \"Oh my god,\" I say with a smile. I hold it up. \"This is from a bar I bought her the day I proposed. Right?\" She smiles and nods, and then I take a look at the flavor. It's lime. ","Summary":" Here's an \"oddball\" piece I have been thinking over, and decided to write out this weekend. It's "},{"Movie":"The Day The Earth Stood Still","Title":"Ghosts in the Machines","Author":"J u s t . E s c a p e","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4878642","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ghosts in the Machines Rated T: For sci-fi action, peril, language, possible drug use and violent descriptions. Summary: What if every attempt you made to return home was futile? How would you cope with being trapped on a planet that was not your home, trying to avoid being captured by the ones who still perceive you as a criminal; and your life lies partially in the hands of an Astrobiologist, her step-son and whoever else you meet along the way? Because let's face it Klaatu, you've changed the world for two people for the better, not to mention you've saved them from the G.O.R.T., but you've also turned New York into an apocalyptic catastrophe in the process ... You are not one of them. Your body is human but you are not. How will you survive as one of them, assuming there is no turning back, no escape? Who can you trust, where can you go? Your choices are few and far in between, Klaatu, and your invasion was only the beginning. There were others who wanted the Earth for a more greedy purpose. And now every country is breaking out into a war over resources setting into motion a chain of events, destruction and demolition. Will you save us Klaatu, or die trying?….probable slight Klaatu/Helen. Inspired by H.G. Wells' War Of The Worlds (albeit not a crossover). Disclaimer: And you all should know that I own nothing, save my creativity and the plot…and maybe whatever original characters you meet along the way. Escape New York SHE was frantic and scared. Yes, she was running scared. The world around her was an impending doom of disaster. The pavement cracked, cars flipped and tilted on their sides with steam seeping from the boundaries of their hoods. A delivery truck crashed through a grocery store, the glass shattered and scattered everywhere. A light pole was resting atop a small vehicle where there was debris, garbage and everything in between all over the place. How ironic, she thought, how the G.O.R.T. had left everything. Now Helen Benson was running like an escaped convict with her young step-son. Yet, in all of this they weren't alone; together they carried an unconscious male form. The city alarm was ringing madly, sounding off like a bout of sirens. Some rubble fell here and there from damaged buildings and there was an aura of death reeking through the air. It was an oblivion of Hell. It certainly wasn't the Manhattan that they had always called home. They rounded a car, its hood bent and buried into a brick wall that was brutally scathed. Inside was a grim scene; a man, his wife and a mural of splashed blood all over the windows. \"Don't look!\" Helen told her step-son; but he knew very well it was there. It made young Jacob feel queasy and sick inside. As they trailed on, she often asked herself in secret: So what's the plan, Helen? What are you going to do? Are you making the right choice? As of right now, she wasn't so sure of herself anymore. They seemed burdened with this male body whose arms were draped over their shoulders and whose legs dragged along the streets, who groaned weakly in his groggy inactive state. But they couldn't leave him, Helen had concluded, to do so would've been cruel. He was vulnerable no doubt, his body battered and maybe broken. What survivors remained were more than likely in a frenzy, and whether or not they would spare him was a chance Helen didn't want to risk. The way she saw it, they could all three very well be seen as society rejects now. The streets were bare of life. Everyone, or rather, those that lived, must have been fleeing to the shelters or hiding in their dwellings because every building they passed looked dark and lifeless inside. The gloom of the streets daunted them with dread, worry and fear; fear of what was laid out before them. Here it was, plain as day, a real life New York demolition just like in those End Of The World Thrillers. There was also another possible dilemma to dwell on; the Military coming their way, searching for survivors and in the heap of things finding her and the alien. She didn't know for certain what they may do - should they be discovered - but waiting around to find out would be a foolish endeavor. The only sensible thing she could really do now was literally try to escape the city altogether before the Military had time to block the bridge - which is what they'd probably do in order to keep track of things. In that moment, Jacob halted abruptly, nearly collapsing to the ground. Helen stopped too, looking with concern at the breathless child. \"Mom,\" he gasped, \"Mom, I've got to take a breather.\" \"Okay.\" she said, speaking the same breathless volume. Helen had been so entangled within her thoughts that she'd nearly forgotten her lungs, and his. They both knelt against the brick wall of an apartment flat, leaning their backs against its hard walls with Klaatu bent over between them. Helen tried to keep him upright with her arm, while allowing her other hand to glide over her temples. Already it felt as if they had been running nonstop for days - but really it was only an hour. \"Mom,\" Jacob began, \"what are we gonna do with him…with Klaatu?\" Helen glanced him warily. Ever since their flee from Central Park, they hadn't spoken a word. It was rush and run it seemed, up until now. Her step-son could read her clearly though, knowing she was baffled and overwhelmed. \"I don't know.\" she confessed. There wasn't any point in lying to him and pretending to have all of the answers when clearly she didn't. \"I'm just trying to get us home right now.\" \"Then what?\" Jacob asked, furrowing his brows. Insecurity was written all over his face. \"We can't stay,\" Helen swallowed, hoping to catch her breath, \"we'll have to leave.\" \"Leave?\" Jacob questioned. \"Where then? Where will we go?\" \"Anywhere but here.\" She wanted to escape the confinement of a prison. This city of rubble was like being enclosed in a sewer. She wanted to find the open countryside, breathe cleaner air maybe, then go from there. What she didn't know was that there was about to be a global conflict that would spread throughout the country, every country, every city, every small town. A dark depression was on the rise, one unlike any other in history. She wasn't seeing it now, but it would come to her when her mind was clearer. \"Why?\" Jacob asked. \"Jake, just don't question me. I've got to get us out of the city, okay? The Military might come. They might find us. It's possible that I could get into some serious trouble for assisting an alien.\" \"But you convinced him to give us another chance!\" Jacob exclaimed. \"They don't have any reason to lock you up!\" \"I wish it were that simple. But they weren't there to witness it along with us. They don't know. They might not see it the way we do. And if they find Klaatu, he could be in even deeper trouble…danger maybe.\" \"So,\" Jacob sighed, \"what are you saying, Mom? That we're going to be living like wanted criminals on the streets from now on?\" \"Not necessarily. I'm hopeful that Professor Barnhardt can help us. If anyone knows the situation as well as ourselves, it should be him…I hope.\" \"Hope…well, what if he can't do anything?\" \"Then we'll find another way.\" That conversation was cut short when they suddenly heard the ruckus of human vocals humming towards them somewhere down that street. An old man, bristle bearded, only partially clothed with a fine board in his grip was the first they spotted. His wild eyes were almost red and he was shouting, \"Halleluiah! The world's come to an end! That'll teach us! That'll teach us sons of bitches!\" Helen gasped and immediately she and Jacob stood, struggling to bring the unconscious Klaatu to his feet. Behind the old man came a small band of followers, all of them about as half-witted and insane as he. They noticed them against the brick flat and the old man offered, \"Come! Come join us!\" he wheezed inbetween laughs in a lunatic state-of-mind. \"Let's all go have a riot in front of the New York Times! That'll give em' something to print up!\" \"But the press is probably shut down.\" Jacob whispered to Helen, who shushed her step-son before speaking to this man. \"No thanks.\" she told him kindly, trying to hide her fear beneath her firm expression. Fortunately, the lunatic shrugged and left with his band of followers. It was then that Helen and Jacob, along with Klaatu, dispersed from that side of town - at least the man was rational enough to let them alone, Helen thought. After they had walked several feet away from that spot, Jacob halted, bending down to retrieve a small pole laying lifelessly on the ground. \"I think I'll hang on to this, in case we have anymore encounters.\" he said. \"Good idea.\" his step-mother noted. There was a small resentment in Helen, seeing as how everything was now. She didn't want to feel this animosity, but being only human she couldn't really help it when she glanced at Klaatu; but aside she pushed it, locking it away for the time being to keep her mind focused on what was really important: Keeping them safe and out of sight. .:Å:. By late noon, they had arrived home tired and worn, only to find the place dark and un-lively, not to mention the surprise waiting inside. Halting briefly on the street outside, Helen and Jacob ranked the place. It looked the same as it was, but there was a feeling about it that settled something unruly within their hearts, a sensation of being harassed, exposed and invaded. Nothing inside was in its place - the house had been deserted and had become vulnerable to the obvious case of ransacking. Its walls reflected cold emptiness and the couch was tilted on its backside. Everything else, the lamps, the vases, the photographs of their family, it had all been tossed and thrown everywhere by inconsiderate hands. The place was unlit and a draft seemed to float throughout the air. After deciphering it all, they advanced from the door entrance to push the sofa upright and lay Klaatu upon it. \"Oh God.\" Helen sighed once Klaatu was in place on the sofa. \"Look at this place.\" She rolled her hand atop her head, feeling overwhelmed even more than she already was with all that was going on. \"Who did all of this?\" Jacob said, picking up a broken picture frame that held a now bent photo of his father. \"Nothing's been stolen.\" Helen concluded. \"Maybe someone was looking for me.\" That alone was a scary thought. \"We can't stay long, Jake.\" \"What about Klaatu?\" \"I'll look and see if anything's broken. He did take a terrible fall from that Sphere.\" she replied, coming close to the alien's side. Jacob watched silently as his step-mother handled Klaatu with cautious hands. Each touch brought on a small writhing wince on the left leg and upper left shoulder - the side of which he had tumbled on - and she came to the conclusion that it was fractured; but it hardly felt broken. Feeling and pressing against his skin revealed to her the inner genetic makeup of any human being. Perhaps that should have relieved her more, but instead it frightened her. He was so complex, so strange. How was it possible, to take on such a form as this? With Jacob's assistance, she removed his coat and shirt with little trouble to bandage his shoulder. During this procedure, she found that the left side of his ribcage was bruised and she wrapped a thick gauze around him snuggly. The leg was wrapped afterwards and she could only hope for the best. Helen was no doctor, she wasn't even qualified to be a nurse, but taking Klaatu to a medical hospital would not only be unreasonable with everything like it was, but risky too. She had to keep him secret. \"Mom, what about those little nano things that swarmed the city? Didn't they go inside of Klaatu?\" \"Yes.\" Helen replied nervously, trying to button up the alien's dress shirt. \"What if they're still in him? What if they start coming out and swarming us ?\" \"Jacob, I don't know.\" Helen was growing agitated and Jacob was all the more concerned, pouring out questions that he desperately wanted answers to. \"What are we going to do with him? He's heavy. We don't have a car anymore and we can't stay here.\" \"Jacob I don't know!\" she reiterated it more sharply this time, her harsh voice laced with exhaustion. Jacob retained his silence and looked away, fighting the tears that wanted to play at his eyes whilst casting them down at the resting alien. But it wasn't Helen's impatience that grieved him, or even the way she yelled. It was this…all of this. She knew it was overwhelming for him. It seemed like just yesterday he was a normal kid without a care in the world, save his depression and longing for his father - and quite literally that was true. Now they were faced with being not only two out of very few survivors in this city, but they were trying to run away, to hide somewhere - not to mention they were still accompanied by the same alien who brought all of this on them - of course, according to Klaatu, the humans had brought it upon themselves…it was just still so hard to see it that way; in his perspective that is. \"I'm sorry.\" She rekindled her calm nature, gently rubbing Jacob's back. \"I don't mean to come off so harsh. I know you have a lot of concerns right now and you have every right to feel that way; but I'm doing the best I can, for both of us.\" Saying this brought many new realities to Helen and she acknowledged them with a great deal of dread. \"The world's a different place now,\" she went on, \"people aren't going to be the same they were before all of this happened.\" \"Apparently.\" Jacob grunted, recalling the lunatics earlier that day. \"There isn't going to be any open stores much, no fun at the park, no gaming and not even schooling.\" \"The schools being closed isn't so bad.\" Jacob smirked at her and he could see a small smile spilling on her face, but it dispersed quickly as she went on. \"Jacob, a lot of things have been demolished and,\" she hesitated, \"the country, if not the whole world, is more than likely going to go into a deep depression.\" There it was; the facts coming to mind. \"So has our life, our family. It wasn't enough that we were already miserable with Dad being gone…now we have all of this to worry with. We can't even stay in our own house without fearing the Government.\" \"Wait Jake, that's one thing that I believe has gotten stronger in all of this.\" \"What?\" \"Our little family.\" Jacob looked at Helen - the shine in her eyes was a bout of oncoming tears. \"You and I love each other no matter what, and no matter what I'll be there with you.\" \"Promise?\" he asked. \"Of course I promise.\" she smiled, reaching to stroke his unruly hair. \"Do you believe in me?\" \"Yea.\" Jacob grinned. \"I believe in you if you believe in me.\" \"With all my heart.\" Helen assured him before leaning forward to kiss him on the forehead. \"I think we'll be okay for a few hours.\" she said after breaking away and turning back to the sight of Klaatu. \"We'll give him time to rest. Hopefully he'll be awake by night. If he is, we'll leave then.\" \"In the dark?\" \"We're less likely to be seen, in case someone may be looking for us.\" \"I hope they aren't.\" Jacob said, exhaling deeply. \"Me too. Maybe the good thing about all of the damage is it may keep them preoccupied…the Military, I mean. I imagine they'll be out searching for survivors for a while. But if they find us, they'll recognize Klaatu and even myself. I'd hate to know what they'd do to me for 'helping' an alien who nearly wiped us out of existence.\" She tried to chuckle, wanting to take light of a dark situation, but Jacob knew how scared she really was. \"Mom,\" he began, wanting more than anything to release her mind from any tension. \"What?\" \"Do you think we can open up a can of ravioli? I'm starved.\" \"Sure. I'm on empty myself.\" .:Å:. Night rolled around and Helen was upstairs packing, stuffing things like flashlights, comfortable clothes, towels, a first aid kit, soap, bathroom tissue and whatever else she could make room for in the hiking satchels they used to take along on mountain excursions. Jacob was downstairs, slouching in his father's old recliner whilst drumming his fingers anxiously on the nearby lamp table. His heavy eyes were firmly trained on Klaatu, who, for the most part, had managed to sleep peacefully. In a way, Jacob dreaded him, and at the same time he was waiting hopefully for him to wake. The house was lit by candlelight - the power wasn't fully in working order - and the little wax candles that were displayed on the coffee table illuminated Klaatu's face in little dancing flickers with their flames - it unnerved Jacob terribly. The alien began to stir then and the boy jolted up in a flash, cautiously nearing the alien while keeping a safe distance as he listened to his groans. Klaatu fell silent after a second or so and when Jacob dared to come ever closer, trying to listen to his breathing, the alien's dark eyes shot open and the boy nearly toppled over the coffee table in the frenzy of it all. The alien laid still for time's sake, taking in all that was around him while his eyes blinked in a small bout of twenty counts at least. He was clearly uncertain of his surroundings, maybe even confused judging by the expression on his face. The glance he at length cast towards Jacob made the boy suspicious that perhaps, in that fall, Klaatu had suffered more than mere fractures and that he could have very well received a hit to the skull, causing him to forget the child's face - luckily, Jacob was wrong. Klaatu roused, pulling himself up and wincing terribly all the while. As he did, Jacob yelled for Helen to come quickly; she did, clattering down the stairs in eager haste where she galloped to the den, holding her speech at first and rushing to Jacob's side where she wrapped an arm about her step-son's neck. When Klaatu took note of her, she too began to fear the flame in his eyes. \"Why am I here?\" He demanded it with firmness. Helen struggled for words. \"Well,\" she stammered, \"when the Sphere was leaving, you suddenly fell from it.\" \"It's lucky that Mom and I stayed around watching. We brought you home afterwards so the Military wouldn't get you.\" \"The Military.\" Klaatu repeated it, seeming to recall things in his daze. Then he said, \"The Military can do no harm to me, unless they use an efficient weapon.\" \"But we-\" Jacob tried to explain, \"we just didn't want them to find you. We were try-\" \"I know what you were doing and why. And I thank you.\" the alien cut in, speaking a tone un-pitched. Helen's sigh was of relief. She still had that subconscious fear that Klaatu, being as unpredictable as he was, would find their attempts more of an offense than generous hospitality - thankfully she was wrong. \"I have some canned foods in the kitchen.\" she offered. \"Would you -- do you want something to eat?\" His reply was a silent nod of the head, a brief one at that. The two humans assisted him to the kitchen and helped him to the table. Helen began rummaging through the cupboards, offering him several different things, attempting to make him feel welcome. Most everything he refused until she uncovered a can of tuna - that he accepted - and he ate it vigorously. Helen and Jacob sat near him and watched in silence as he gormandized the canned fish, requesting another can once finished. After he accounted himself to be content, Helen explained the situation, telling Klaatu her plans for fleeing New York and why. He became wary in hearing this. \"Jacob and I want you to come along, if you will. I just don't think that staying here is smart for either of us.\" Klaatu was reluctant at first, his mind bursting in thoughtful contemplation. Other than being stranded, he was faced with yet another choice: To follow the lead of a human being and escape a city that could very well prove to be a trap, or risk being caught. \"I will go.\" he said at last. \"I have no other choice but to accompany you. You're the only humans I can trust right now,\" he paused, \"and it is liable that I won't be getting home anytime soon. All of the Spheres have left, I am afraid.\" There was tension in his hands and trouble in his face, Helen could see that quite vividly. In a way, it saddened her for him, yet strangely, at the same time, she found herself feeling guilty of being glad for his having no choice but to stay. Maybe because she believed that three heads were better than just two. \"Klaatu,\" She wanted to comfort him in the best way a human such as herself knew how, \"Jacob and I are more than happy to have you…as a travel companion. I Promise you can trust us. We'll be a team.\" \"Can I?\" His eyes wavered upon the sight of them, and he seemed to be reaching out for a form of reassurance. \"Klaatu,\" Jacob stepped up, wanting to clarify something, \"I know I messed up, and I'm really sorry. But it's not going to happen again, I swear.\" \"It is alright, young Jacob.\" the alien sighed. \"Everyone is…entitled to make mistakes.\" \"Even your people?\" the boy asked daringly, but Klaatu replied gently. \"Yes. I think I can be an example of that.\" Helen could only be hopeful that in that awkwardly admitted phrase he was referring to his lack of good judgment for the human race. Not long after that conversation Helen finished packing, with Jacob's help of course, and they made preparations to leave. To their advantage, there were three bikes in the storage room, one of which was Mr. Benson's, and its condition was practically brand new. They all straddled the bikes, and Klaatu seemed to manage fairly well despite his wounds and the difficulty he had wobbling about. Each rider had a backpack. Klaatu wore the one stuffed with canned goods, boxed foods and water - things that wouldn't spoil easily. Helen was sure to bring a bundle of blankets and pillows, strapping them to the back of her bike. It was in the night that they left. They were indeed tempted to stay in the house so that they could at least have the comfort of a bed once more; but after finding the place ransacked, no one was comfortable enough to do so. To Be Continued.[Chapter 2] First Findings A white moon, a sphere of bright illumination, was an eye that watched them from the sky and the city was settling into a mild fog. There was a chill in the air, and an essence that made one's bones chill down to the nerve. Was it the night? Was it all that had happened? Was it the fact that they were all making beds out of empty boxes in dark alleys, or did it have something to do with Klaatu's company? They were on the second night since abandoning the house. They hadn't gotten as far as Helen had hoped, but despite their slow pace - Klaatu's wounds still pained him - they were still making progress. The only bad thing had been the roaring blades of the choppers looming in over the city with their bright spotlights glowing amongst the roads - searching for survivors more than likely. But if they kept going whilst avoiding contact, they would soon reach the bridge tomorrow no doubt. Jacob rested his head against his step-mother's shoulder. The two of them rested their bodies upright in the discomfort of a damp cardboard box - their blankets and pillows made it more enduring at least - and Klaatu, preferring to be off to himself, had found a quiet place in one of the crates across from them. The way he slept was strange and solemn, as if nothing in the world could disturb him; and yet, the tiniest bit of noise could send his eyes shooting open. As Jacob and Klaatu slept, Helen remained wide awake. Her body felt writhed and rattled and her mind was booming with a bout of random ideas and possible scenarios for survival. She was weary and overwhelmed and being cramped in a box didn't make falling asleep much easier. She knew she was a mess - both in state of mind and in general appearance - living on the streets made you look homeless quicker than she thought. Her eyes were burning and heavy and her hair was tangled and unkempt. Then there was another thought, the one thought that could set aside all of the other things that troubled her; and that was none other than Klaatu himself. Dr. Benson was not a fool. She wasn't stupid and naïve either. She was grateful to this alien - he did after all spare humanity - and Helen thought she owed him at least a couple of travel companions to trust, seeing as how he wouldn't be going home anytime soon. But that little partial mistrust remained, sticking to her emotions like tar to a tree and often her eyes watched him. She knew very well what he was. That body of his - as nice as it looked - it was merely a shell; and she couldn't help but note the possibility that Klaatu suspected her suspicions. She had been terribly distant from him these past two days; but the alien, being who he was by nature, seemed to pretend not to notice this silence between them and politely he had stayed to himself as well, allowing for her and Jacob to mingle amongst themselves - and Helen liked it that way. The fact of the matter was that Helen Benson had every good intention of being Klaatu's friend, but at the same time she wanted him to know that her own trust was not so easily won. He had after all come down here to put an end to humanity - that wasn't something an Astrobiologist could forget so easily - and she hadn't forgotten his capabilities either. If he wanted to, he could snap like a brittle twig and end a dozen lives in one instant if given that opportunity. That alone was scary enough. Despite these conceptions that Helen had, Klaatu had remained polite. He didn't appear to hold the trepidations of her acts against her and for the most part he seemed drenched with his own troubles - and he was. During the day he looked alert and steadfast, albeit tender in the side and leg; but when noon rolled around he took more time to think of his own situation: the dilemmas that had him literally bound to this world. He couldn't help but wonder: Could this be some sort of punishment, a result of my own mission backfiring on me? Am I bound to this place because of my own misjudgments and lack of empathy upon these people? Perhaps I am suffering for the little value that my race had for the humans, for valuing their lives so little, for stating that they have no claim over a planet that they have, for so many centuries, considered to be their own . It was a cruel reality to face, but Klaatu had no intention of sitting around and feeling sorry for himself. Such acts were fruitless for such a being as he and now it was all about survival - though the questions still haunted him. .:Å:. When morning came, they were not greeted by the warmth of an early sun but rather dreadfully by the grey clouds that now painted the sky in gloom. And in the great distance of the Manhattan skies they could faintly hear the ever growing sound of thunder rumbling through the clouds as if nature was here with a vengeance. Everyone found that they were still sore. It was amazing how riding a bike through a massive metropolitan city didn't do you in half as bad as sleeping on the streets - and because of this, Jacob was growing a new respect for the homeless. It was something he never even considered up until now - but that's the way it always is. Breakfast was served quickly - a box of cereal was consumed with slight ravenousness - and bottled water was the only beverage at hand. \"Hey Klaatu,\" Jacob began, \"what do you think of Lucky Charms?\" A curious grin was spilling onto his face as he searched for cheer in a negative moment. \"It isn't to my preference,\" the alien sighed, \"but it will sustain me.\" \"Oh…\" Jacob cackled. \"I guess so.\" At the sound of his shrill laughter Klaatu became wary, finding this behavior strange and out of the ordinary. \"What in the world is so funny?\" Helen asked, partially smiling in her confusion. \"Nothing Mom.\" Jacob said, calming down at last. \"It's just…\" he glanced Klaatu almost sympathetically. \"I just sort of feel for Klaatu I guess. I mean, I don't mean anything bad by it but…it must be pretty hard trying to blend in to a new life.\" The boy finished with the shaking of his head, tiny bouts of giggles still eased from his lips. Helen rendered her step-son curiously. It was odd to her seeing him suddenly burst into a laughter - especially in a situation such as this. Perhaps he was expressing himself in his own way, flushing his body of the toxins that were stress, fear and anxiety. Laughter was one of the most powerful antidotes a human body could possess, so maybe it was a good thing. They sat and rested a while longer, each of them uncomfortably silent whilst Jacob's yo yo fascinated him about as much as staring at the wall could - at least he had a reason for moving his hands. But the boy was yearning for a video game something awful. A clattering sound came suddenly from the heap of cardboard boxes that were stacked a few feet away from them, each of them leant against the side of a brick wall. Everyone became curious and when Jacob heard a sudden whimper, he fled towards the boxes in a haste, carefully rummaging through and searching for God-knows-what. \"Jake! Jake what are you doing?\" Helen asked, clamoring to her feet and jogging lightly to the boy's side. Klaatu, stiff and wincing, came wobbling to the scene after her. \"There's something in here.\" Jacob said, speaking a subtle volume. His step-mother watched eagerly as his hands searched through the pile of empty boxes. Before long, his hands retrieved a trembling little puppy, a very small one at that. The little thing was dangerously damp and its little eyes were crusted with cold. \"Oh my gosh!\" Helen expressed, resting her hand upon her chest. \"Poor baby. It must've been here all night and we didn't even know it.\" \"It looks sick.\" Jacob sympathized, attempting to warm the little thing in his jacket. \"Are there anymore of them?\" Helen asked. \"Nah,\" Jacob sighed, \"I only see this one.\" The little puppy sneezed in the arms of the boy and it continued to tremble terribly. Everyone felt a little remorse, even Klaatu didn't like the sight of the animal's state. \"The animal is small.\" Both Helen and Jacob turned around at the sound of Klaatu's matter-of-fact voice. The alien went on, \"It may not survive with an ailment.\" As Jacob cradled the little pup, he admired it in a sense. It was a pretty little thing and cute no doubt with its short white coat and the big brown and black patches that blanketed its body. Perhaps a terrier mix of some sort. It couldn't have been anymore than six or seven weeks old at the most; but its little black nose was frightfully runny and its lungs were heavily congested. Jacob's eyes finally shot away from the sight of the little thing and he turned to his step-mother with a desperate hope flaming in his eyes. \"Mom,\" he began slowly, \"can we take it with us?\" \"Honey,\" Helen sighed, \"how on Earth will we manage with a dog? We have enough to worry about as it is.\" \"But it's sick. Honestly you don't expect me to just leave it here to die.\" Jacob retorted. \"No!\" Helen replied. \"Of course not! I'm just merely stating a fact. We'll just have to find some…I don't know, a shelter or something.\" she shrugged. \"A shelter?\" Jacob questioned her with mistrust, furrowing his brows as he spoke. \"What shelter? Everything's in ruins now.\" \"Jacob I-\" \"All life is important, Helen.\" Klaatu cut in, obviously taking the boy's side. \"You two are acting like I'm some cold, ruthless dog hater who wants to just leave it to the mercy of the world, and that's not the case at all!\" Helen defended herself. \"I'm just trying to sort out the obvious complications of traveling on a bicycle with a sick puppy in your arm. How are we supposed to achieve taking care of a sick animal and ourselves too?\" \"The same way we would if one of us were sick. Just look at Klaatu,\" Jacob pointed out, \"he's got a hurt leg, a damaged arm and plus his side is fractured. But he still manages to get along.\" \"Jake, that's different. Klaatu is an adult who can take care of himself. This little dog however is just another responsibility to be straddled with.\" \"Like me, right?\" \"Don't get smart with me, young man.\" \"I'm not.\" the boy replied. \"I'm just…Mom, please don't make me leave it. Please. I promise I'll take care of it…I've always wanted a dog anyway.\" Helen sighed, finding herself at a loss for words. Saying no to Jacob was more than difficult. If she refused, she'd not only look like a bad step-mother, but a criminal as well. It was a little puppy for goodness sake! \"Alright. We'll take it along. But before you get excited, I just want to confirm to you that as soon as the puppy is better - if it does in fact live - we'll be finding it a good home somewhere.\" \"Okay. Better than no I guess.\" Jacob decided. In the back of his mind he figured that by the time it did get better, it would presumably grow on Helen and finding it a new home wouldn't even be in the question anymore. \"Now, how are we going to haul it around? You can't carry it in your arms all day.\" Helen said. \"I have a solution.\" Klaatu said. \"Your mother is right. The animal is light now, but the longer you carry it, the more exhausted you will become. We will make it a crate on your bicycle.\" \"Out of what?\" Jacob asked. \"These boxes should prove useable.\" the alien stated. \"Grab that thick one there. Helen, do you have any rope; something we can use to bind the box to his bike?\" \"I did bring some rope actually. It's not anything thick, but it's thick enough I guess. Craft rope.\" She went to her bike and began searching the contents of her satchel. At length, her hands retrieved a large spool of rope from one of the small compartments on the satchel's side. \"Try this. I'm afraid it's all I have.\" Klaatu took the spool in his grasp, unwinding a good length of the material to observe its strength. He began tugging the ends with his hands, testing it. \"It will do.\" he said. Helen and Jacob watched with interest as the alien began weaving the rope through the holes he had poked through the small box. He then tangled it firmly about the front of Jacob's bike and at last twisted it into a tight, sturdy knot. It was about as professional as the work of a seaman. \"Alright.\" Helen said. \"The puppy has a ride. I guess that once we put a towel in there for it to lay on, we can be on our way.\" \"I need to feed it first, Mom. I imagine the poor little guy's pretty starved.\" \"Okay. Feed it. But don't take too long. I don't really like staying in one place. I've got a bad feeling about this alley.\" As quick as Helen had finished her sentence, a voice was heard from behind them, a withered voice that beckoned to them tiredly. \"Wait.\" it spoke, bringing the threesome to turn around quickly. \"Please wait.\" Before them stood a woman, not much older than Helen. She was clad mainly in denim and her face was drenched in some restless sorrow. Her short brown hair looked unmanaged and her eyes were darkened by the tiredness that burdened her. \"Ca-\" Helen was taken off guard and there was a small suspicion boiling within her. \"Can we help you?\" \"I was hoping you could.\" The woman's voice creaked with a fluent British accent and she wanted to burst into hysterical tears it seemed. \"You see, I'm quite lost.\" \"Lost?\" Helen asked. The woman nodded in response. \"My husband and I and our two daughters were here on vacation when this all began happening.\" Now the tears were streaming uncontrollably down her cheeks. \"And I-I lost them. I lost them!\" She attempted to dry her eyes but it was no use at all. \"I'm so sorry to hear that.\" Helen told her sympathetically. \"My name is Jean Rosewood. My family flew here from Liverpool to stay in a rental house.\" she gasped. \"Now I'm literally on my own - something I've never been before - and I'm confused as in not knowing what to do, or where to go. I've tried looking for help, but so far all I've come upon is homeless folk I'm not so sure I can trust and raging people running amuck in the streets. And when I heard the three of you talking, I was desperate to make my presence known. I think you're the only sane people I've come across.\" \"Well, we happened upon a group of maddened people not too long ago ourselves. We're actually from New York but we're leaving,\" Helen paused, thinking of a good backdrop for an explanation of herself, \"to try and see if any of our family survived whatever may've happened in Jersey.\" \"I see.\" Jean's eyes rolled all over the sight of their baggage. \"I hate to ask but, would you have anything to spare - something I could eat? I'm terribly hungry.\" She absentmindedly placed her hand over her stomach. \"Absolutely.\" Helen said. \"Jacob, my son, was just about to feed his dog. Jake, give our guest a can of that ravioli.\" \"Sure Mom.\" Jacob was slightly hesitant, often glancing Helen and the stranger with question in his face; but he proceeded. Leaving the alley was put on hold for another hour's time whilst the small group sat quietly together. Helen and Jean did most of the talking and Klaatu and Jacob listened silently. \"You haven't told me your name.\" Jean said. \"Oh, how rude of me! My name is Sara Owens .\" It came out rather quick and when she spoke the last name she feared she might have tripped on her own words. \"This is my son, Jacob Owens and this is,\" Helen glanced awkwardly towards Klaatu who eyed her with the same answerless expression, \"Um, my boyfriend Howard D-Dodson.\" She bit her lip beneath her blushing. \"Nice to meet all of you.\" Jean smiled warmly. So far she proved to be a pleasant woman beneath the grief that daunted her so horribly. \"I cannot begin to express how thankful I am to have your company.\" She began gliding her hand through her unruly hair. \"It's so difficult…without them.\" Helen reached out, placing her own hand over Jean's once it had returned to rest in the woman's lap. \"Jean, I just want you to know that you're welcome to stay with us as long as you like.\" \"I'd like to; but I think that I may need to find a shelter when I part from you.\" \"I'd tell you where to go, but I'm not sure how many shelters there are, or where you could find one. All we've seen is choppers flying in over the city. I assumed that they were looking for survivors; but the three of us have remained hidden. We're very desperate to get to New Jersey.\" \"I see.\" Jean retained her silence for a good moment, then suddenly her dark eyes grew bright and she began to beam with a suggestion. \"Maybe I can help you!\" \"Help us?\" Helen questioned. \"Yes! Yes, I could help! You see, my husband rented a motorboat down at the pier and we were supposed to take it out for the weekend. You could use it to get across to Jersey maybe, and technically you won't be stealing because it's been paid for.\" \"Oh I don't know.\" Helen said, cocking a reluctant smile. \"We were planning on finding our way to the bridge and just riding our bikes but-\" \"If you can't however, I can show you the boat. I know very well where to find it.\" \"Thank you Jean. Should any dilemma come up, I may take you up on the offer.\" They rested for a good while longer, and whenever Jean began to wail and grieve Helen would comfort her eagerly whilst letting her tell her story about the horrors of losing her husband and two young daughters. Then dark arrived and they were forced to remain in the alley another night. It did prove to be a fairly good day, but tomorrow would not hold the same comfort - and Klaatu could sense it. To Be Continued.[Chapter 3] A Threat Among Them Few of us can imagine the deep depression that occurs and the insanity that dwells within when you lose someone you hold dear to an uncontrollable disaster that seems to happen in the blink of an eye. Not many of us take mere trips to other countries simply wanting the pleasure of a much needed vacation in hopes of not only enjoying one's self but becoming closer as a family - so how does it feel to have it all taken away? There must be some great deal of regret in one's heart, and a constant wishing in the mind: Would we have been safer at home? Klaatu was beginning to ponder on this, for he himself was slowly experiencing that knotting feeling that claims one's dignity and sureness. Now, looking upon the three human beings that slept, he was feeling a small deal of regret. Because of him, that poor woman lost her husband and two children. Because of him, Helen and Jacob had nowhere to go. Yet, at the same time, he knew his decisions had been necessary. Helen roused in her slumber, finding it difficult to sleep herself. Jacob was tucked in beside her with the puppy wrapped in his arms and Jean was sleeping heavily with her back to the wall of a building. But where was Klaatu? As she rose, she caught sight of a tall silhouette standing half-leant beside a stack of wooden crates. She stood then, pushing the quilt that hugged her body aside, and began making her way to stand beside him. \"What are you thinking?\" Her voice nearly startled him, but in a way he was glad that she had released him from the woes racing through his mind. \"Helen.\" he uttered in the dark. \"I can't sleep.\" she sighed, glancing at the empty road ahead. \"I can see I'm not the only one.\" \"You are correct.\" To stand beside an extraterrestrial was not the most comforting of feelings, especially when knowing that he was one of the only travel companions you had to trust. Yet, he gave her a little peace. Maybe she was beginning to perceive him more as a guardian now. \"So,\" she began once more, \"what's on your mind?\" \"I was thinking about several things.\" he told her. \"Mind if I ask what?\" She sensed his reluctance in carrying on and she was almost daring herself to press him. \"Human beings.\" \"Human beings?\" \"I was musing at how your people must be handling all of this. In a way, I can hardly imagine how they will manage to reclaim the purity of respect for this planet with all that they're facing now - most of the common people at least.\" \"Yea.\" Helen sighed. The next set of words seemed to slip out of her as if they were spoken by another person, as if she was programmed to recite it. \"I guess that bringing an apocalypse upon humanity isn't all that reasonable after all … especially since it normally sets the world into a crisis.\" Oh my God, did I just say that ? She questioned herself. To her relief, Klaatu did not become upset, though he still managed to defend his own acts. \"I wasn't planning to let the humans survive to begin with. I had orders and I was sent to carry them out.\" He glanced towards her then and said, \"Granting your wish was a last minute result for the hope of a second chance that you so strongly believed your people deserved. And I wanted to believe it too.\" \"You wanted to believe it?\" she pressed. \"Yes Helen. My people do not relish in the demolishing of any species. We only do so when we feel that there is no other choice, and it is the only way we feel that we can save whatever other species - such as animals - that are suffering for it. To destroy life, for us, is an attempt to preserve what is left.\" \"So you're saying that when you do decide to wipe out a race of people, it's because they're destroying the rain forests and wildlife.\" She spoke it with a matter-of-fact bitterness. \"If that is how you prefer to word it, then yes.\" he calmly replied. \"But isn't it cold to perceive every individual human as 'bad' just because some of us screw up? You know, there are a lot of activists on this planet who are just as passionate about this Earth as you.\" \"But unfortunately, in nature, many are forced to suffer for the mistakes of others. You could think of it in this manner: If a Dingo in Australia slaughters a farmer's lambs, every Dingo in that area is hunted and slaughtered for the act of one, even if they have never wandered upon a farm themselves.\" It was becoming apparent to Dr. Benson that Klaatu's people must've observed the Earth in great depth to know so much about it - Dingos in Australia. \"But it still isn't right. We aren't Dingos, we're human beings Klaatu.\" \"Helen, it is that kind of expression alone that nearly caused the end of your kind. If human beings continue to value themselves over the Earth, they will fall victim to the same threat again, and I doubt you'll be granted a second chance by whoever my people send a third time.\" \"A third time?\" \"Yes. Do you not recall the elder I spoke with in the restaurant?\" \"Well yes, but-\" \"He is like me. He came here to observe your kind, although unlike myself his mission was a subtle one and he was able to choose, at his own convenience, to remain.\" The alien sighed as if there was some longing within him. \"I still don't understand your way of thinking.\" she argued. \"And that is what makes you and I so very different.\" he informed her. \"Well,\" she retorted, \"I suppose I should be thanking you rather than arguing. I suppose that I should feel honored and privileged that you let us live to begin with. And I suppose that I shouldn't be upset by all of this disaster.\" \"So you blame me.\" he stated it with question in his dark eyes. \"I don't want to. I want to blame the Military for upsetting your…your machine, or as they call it, the G.O.R.T., but I can't help but feel that none of this would've happened if you had just left us alone to begin with.\" \"You speak foolishly.\" She glanced him coldly, seeing as how arrogant he appeared now in the dark with his hands at his sides and his body so straight and firm - the same confidence he had in his words. \"Foolishly?\" \"Yes, Helen. I thought that by now you would realize why I was forced to come - that your people were destroying the Earth.\" \"And that goes to show just how little you really knew about us to begin with!\" \"You should lower your voice. We have company.\" \"I know that!\" she hissed, lowering her tone. \"But it just so happens that we were trying to 'go green' as some of us put it,\" Klaatu sighed as she carried on. \"We had plans for changing already. More eco-friendly cars, houses, cleaning supplies, organic products, you name it!\" \"Helen,\" \"Let me finish! Your people couldn't even wait long enough to let us change on our own!\" \"That is because the humans weren't progressing fast enough. They were making better plans but still retaining their old ways at the same time. This Earth was dying, and it is because of your people. We had to act. We had to save the Earth and the diminishing species.\" Damn him, Helen thought, damn him for being so blind to how she and countless others felt. How could he ever understand, ever know? \"How would you feel if you were in my shoes right now? How would you feel if you were forced to leave your home because it was possible that you were wanted by the Government for assisting an alien who was sent here to destroy and wipe out every single being on this planet?\" \"I believe I am feeling much the same way as you already. I am unable to return to my home.\" Klaatu said. \"No Klaatu, you're just hanging around us because you have no damn where else to go and because I invited you to come along.\" Helen was not one to let her rage get the better of her, but more than anything she was reacting to all that was unfolding; the change of lifestyle, living on the streets with only dry goods to eat on. It was enough to push anyone over the edge when you thought about it. Going back to her old life, that was comfortably good, wasn't going to happen anytime soon. \"And I appreciate your generosity.\" the alien insisted. \"Just…stop saying things like that! I'm angry now!\" \"And I understand your frustration more than you think.\" \"How so? How can you understand? You're not a single mother with a young child that you're constantly worried about.\" \"Worry is one of the sacrifices that comes with motherhood.\" \"Don't start ridiculing me about motherhood! Just because I'm not Jacob's biological mother doesn't make him any less than a son to me. I happen to know the sacrifices of having a child, and I've embraced and welcomed it eagerly!\" \"I am not ridiculing you.\" Helen was upset, and the more Klaatu remained calm in speaking to her, the more outraged she became with him. \"You know what? I'm wasting my breath here. Arguing with you is like arguing with a stubborn no-it-all, or better yet a damned tree! So I'm just going to call it a night and go back to bed. I don't even know what possessed me to come and get you all riled up anyhow.\" She threw her arms upward, expressing her stress, and began cantering away from him. Klaatu, still calm compared to herself, informed her once more, \"You did not upset me.\" \"Yes, I know! You don't have the emotional burdens of being angry, disappointed, happy or even sad. Goodnight.\" she snapped. If only she knew otherwise. It was true that he did not express himself the way a typical human did - to behave in such a way was not efficient to his kind, nor was it their nature anymore than it was for a cat to burst into laughter - but it didn't mean he felt nothing at all. He had his guilt now, his questions, but he didn't expect her to know that. He was an alien after all; a completely different creature than she. \"Wu,\" Klaatu sighed aiming his eyes at the starless sky above, \"how did you manage among them so well?\" If only he could speak with Wu again. Dear Wu, surely he would understand Klaatu, perhaps even give him a peace of mind. But where the old man was now he did not know. It was possible that he too might have fell victim to the G.O.R.T. destruction. .:Å:. Forenoon was upon them once again. The hour was around 6:00 a.m. and everyone was still sleeping, save Jean who strayed around the corner to urinate behind a bundle of trashcans - but to urinate was not her only purpose for straying away from the group. \"Come on, come on,\" She was unnerved and agitated, pressing the on button upon her cell phone in anxious desperation - she had been working it on and off all night. \"Dammit, work you bloody piece of-\" The cell lit up and the screen became active, though its light was dim. \"Thank God!\" she gasped. The thing had been dead for some time and getting it to come back on had been one hell of a struggle. She began dialing a number and her eyes shifted about the area, her head slightly peering around the corner of the brick building to ensure that they were still sleeping. \"Yes, operator? Is this the operator?\" \" Yes ma'am. Your call has been transferred to Little Rock, Arkansas. The lines are down in the north eastern U.S.\" \"Oh,\" \" Are you trying to contact someone?\" \"Yes. The police I think.\" Jean was secretly amazed that her phone was even working well enough for her to call anywhere now - good thing it was a cell. \" Hang on.\" Another voice picked up the line. \" This is the Little Rock Police Department, what is your emergency?\" \"My name is Jean Rosewood. I'm here in New York City and I want to report,\" she swallowed, \"I've found the alien who did this.\" \" What? Ma'am, can you repeat yourself?\" \"I said; I've found the alien.\" A ruthless silence lapped between the lines for a minute and Jean could faintly hear the man sigh. \" Ma'am, I'm sure that, like the rest of us, you're stressed and overwhelmed by everything that's happened, but this isn't necessary.\" \"Are you accusing me of being some absentminded prankster who's lost her bloody marbles? I'm telling you the truth here! I heard them last night with my own ears. I'm in an alley right now and they're sleeping. I know it's him, it's the alien who did all of this!\" \" Ma'am, just calm down-\" \"Don't tell me to calm down! If you cannot help me, then transfer my call to the Government! Please! I'm not insane! I know that man's face! I saw him on television. He was that wanted hostage everyone was looking for, or rather, that alien!\" \" Ma'am, I'm sorry. We can do nothing to help you right now. You're obviously overwhelmed and acting out in your own way.\" \"Transfer me to the Government then!\" \" I can't do that.\" \"Then put me online with someone who can!\" Beep \"Hello? Hello?…Bloody bastard!\" she exclaimed, nearly throwing the cell aside; but she resisted and instead slipped it back into her pocket for safe keeping. She jumped suddenly at the oncoming sound of Helen (or Sarah as she had come to know her) calling her name. \"I'm over here!\" Jean rounded the corner of the building, managing an awkward half-grin. \"I had to use the little girl's room - or rather, the trashcans.\" \"Well you better come and help us eat some of this yucky canned food we have.\" Helen smiled. \"I'm coming dear, I'm coming.\" The whole time they were eating and preparing to move on, Jean was peculiarly anxious in their presence; but her strange behavior was put off as nothing more than the same thing she was feeling yesterday when speaking of her family. But Klaatu watched her carefully. There was something about the way Jean eyed him that made the alien feel uncomfortable in her company. \"So,\" Jean began as she watched them loading their bikes, \"are you leaving for the bridge now?\" \"Yes we are.\" Helen said. \"And if we're lucky, we'll be in New Jersey before long.\" \"Perhaps I'll go with you, a little further at least.\" \"That'll be fine.\" Helen said. \"Hel - Sarah,\" Klaatu broke in, \"can I have a word with you alone?\" Helen eyed him inauspiciously before responding. \"I guess. Jacob, wait here with Jean.\" Klaatu grabbed her by the wrist with firmness, pulling her deep into the alleyway some many feet from where Jacob and Jean stood waiting by the bikes on the road. \"Klaatu,\" she said, pulling away, \"what's wrong?\" \"This woman who has taken up with us. She has been acting strange and I do not like the way she glanced at me during our meager meal. There was something in her expression that uneased me, as if she knows something she shouldn't.\" \"She couldn't possibly know anything.\" \"What makes you so sure? She could have easily listened in on our conversation last night.\" \"Impossible. She was snoring the whole time - and we weren't that loud. Klaatu, don't you think you're judging her a little irrationally? Maybe she's just leery of you because you don't say much; in fact, you haven't spoke a word to her. Besides, we can't just run her off when she's on her own. She lost her family for goodness sake - she's just like us.\" Klaatu did not respond; his eyes were aimed downward towards the ground. Seeing his wariness, Helen rested her hand upon his shoulder and said, \"Come on. We'll be okay.\" The alien was full of trepidation, but he merged back to the bicycles with her nonetheless feeling that at this point he had no other choice. He couldn't come right out and say that he suspected Jean knew something. It was too risky. And maybe Helen was right. To Be Continued. A/N: Thanks everyone for the reviews! It means a lot to have so much support on this fic. Thanks to my anonymous reviewers too :)[Chapter 4] Narrow Flee Can you imagine the least bit, being alone and thirsty for a warm bed - a tv dinner maybe - and being on the streets surrounded by debris, constantly watching your back and waking up every other hour looking around and realizing that it's not a dream? The rain was beating down on everything in a moderate drizzle, but the bike riders rode on despite the weather. Because there were only three bikes available, Helen was generous and took shifts with Jean. The bridge was at last before them. This particular one was a part of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, an over water byway for transportation through one state to Manhattan. But the bridge had been locked and shut by the knot of Military trucks that crowded the opening. Soldiers clad in tan and green stood firm and waiting whilst lines of countless people awaited their passage through - every citizen looking poor and starved , starved of their once normal lives. \"Every bridge in the city must be roped off. They're monitoring the evacuation routes.\" Helen concluded, standing upright and still beside her bike. \"There's no way we're getting through that.\" \"What? Why not?\" Jean questioned - she was pressing her more than anything. When Klaatu suddenly glanced Jean with a glare of mild suspicion, she cleared her throat and turned to Helen saying, \"Why can't we just go through like everyone else? It's not like we're hiding anything, are we?\" Helen shot the woman a stare herself then, one that was insecure; though she tried to hide it. \"Of course not.\" Dr. Benson said confidently. \"But we won't get there quick enough waiting in that line. I'm desperate to see that my relatives are well and fine, Jean. I'm sure that you understand that.\" Jean's eyes widened with reluctance before she replied. \"Oh, well yes. I do understand.\" she said, recalling the faces of her late husband and daughters. A cold, stabbing chill seemed to run up and down her spine as the horror began to trace back through memory lane. \"Then I suppose this is where I ask you to escort us to that boat you mentioned earlier.\" Helen said. \"Oh, right.\" Jean had an expression that looked as if she were hiding something. What was bothering her was missing the opportunity to turn in a small band of wanted criminals. But a last minute opportunity made itself known when Jean took notice of the large tables where soldiers were handing out canned goods to every civilian that waited in line. \"Mom, they're handing out food.\" Jacob pointed, noting this too. \"We'd better go and get a bit of it.\" Jean insisted eagerly. \"We may not luck upon anymore for a good while yet.\" \"We have enough to last us for another week at least.\" Helen suggested, feeling the heaviness of her satchel. \"Let's go.\" \"No!\" The word boomed out of Jean's lips harshly - Jacob jumped in his skin - but she rekindled her more subtle nature before carrying on. \"It's only sensible for us to get what we can when we can get it. It's free obviously, and they're handing it out to whoever.\" \"Jean really, I think we can manage-\" \"Nonsense dear! There's three adults here and a growing boy, not to mention a sick little dog. If you want, Jacob and I can go and get a few canned goods while you two wait here.\" \"I don't know.\" Helen said. \"Mom, we do need some food. We don't even have any vegetables.\" \"Since when do you like vegetables?\" Helen asked. \"Since I started living on the streets. I gotta keep my strength up, don't I?\" \"I guess you're both right.\" Helen sighed. \"We'll wait here while you two go and get a few things. Try and get some meats and vegetables if you can, but not more than we can carry.\" Jean and Jacob walked steadily to the long lineup of metal tables where countless cans of goods were stacked on top and underneath. It was a delightful sight to see so much food being given out so generously, but it still gave Jacob that nagging feeling of being in a soup kitchen; and with his face stained with dirt and his jacket reeking of odd odors, he easily looked the part of a homeless. The soldiers weren't the smiling type; they didn't say much either, save 'move along' and 'next please', but they weren't cruel - everyone seemed to have a mutual understanding for the situation at the moment. Jacob directed one female soldier on what he wanted, and she was generous enough to put it all into a box for him - apparently kids were still getting the friendliest end of the deal. Jean on the other hand was contemplating other ideas - her hand retrieved only one can with the intension of looking unsuspicious to the boy not four feet from where she stood. Her mind was aching her with these contemplations. She felt like one battling a decision out with two people. A part of her wanted to go through with it while the chance was available, but the other part kept saying no. 'Sarah' was a mother with a little boy - her step-son obviously - and like Jean she was only trying to survive. But that man, that strange man who was really something extraterrestrial, oh she had to do something about him. It's only right, isn't it? I must go through with this and put my sympathy aside. He's a threat to our society and because of him I've lost the only things that mattered in my life - confound the bastard! If she thought of it that way she had no trouble at all going through with it. Surely no physical harm would befall the boy, Jacob, and even if 'Sarah' served time she'd be well and fine; but Klaatu she had to report. She had to act fast. How dare he. How dare he live freely on the street as one of them. He was a monster! When she was certain enough that Jacob was busy helping the female soldier fit his goods into the box, she eyed a Colonel desperately, her expression a beckon of plea for him to acknowledge her. \"Ma'am?\" the Colonel asked, leaning slightly over the table. \"I need help.\" Jean whispered, still watching Jacob. \"I'm traveling with a wanted hostage, the same one that was wanted a few days back - it's him, the one who did this .\" The one who did this. That phrase stung Jacob's ear just loud enough for him to turn and glance the woman near him giving her that huh - or rather a wh-what? In that moment he dropped everything he had just begun to carry and raced back to his step-mother and their alien companion as quick as his tired feet would carry him. He could hear Jean shouting behind him, \"That's him! That's the boy who's with them!\" \"Mom! Mom! She knows! She's reporting us!\" Jacob bellowed as he climbed to his bike. \"Let's move!\" Helen ordered. It all became a rhapsody of narrow escape after that. They could hear soldiers crying orders, telling people to stay in line and remain calm whilst engines began to crank and speakers began to hum the tune of Military threats. \" Stop now or we'll be forced to release fire !\" the male voice over the speaker said. \"They're going to fire at us?!\" Jacob cried, struggling to glance at the moving trucks over his shoulder and keep his eyes on the road at once. \"Follow my lead!\" Klaatu commanded. \"But stay in front of me! Turn there!\" They whipped around a corner road with swiftness, peddling faster than they were aware of. Their hearts were pounding with the frenzy of the moment and their lungs were working overtime - the little puppy held himself firm in the cardboard crate on Jacob's bike. \"Turn right!\" The trucks were gaining on them and by the time they had whirled around a corner for a fifth time, they heard the frightening sound of machine guns firing off, bursting their ears with their loud impending rounds. All the while Helen wondered what drove the soldiers to be so eager to release fire upon them, especially with a child at stake. Were they so desperate to capture the alien that everyone still perceived a threat that they would risk inflicting harm upon a little boy? It was obvious during the oblivion of un-planned escape that they still thought he was here, hiding amongst them, and they were right to believe so. \"Turn left and take a right!\" Klaatu directed them to a small corner street that ran through a lineup of old flats. There was no chance of the trucks getting through here, but they would meet them on the other side. \"Let's hide in one of these buildings!\" Jacob pleaded, breathless and withered. \"No!\" the alien protested. \"We will only be trapping ourselves and making it easier for them. Keep going, we'll be at the pier soon.\" \"You know the way to the pier?\" Helen asked. \"Yes.\" The trucks were literally waiting for them to come flying out of that small backstreet - though fortunately, they weren't quick enough to cut them off. \" Stop ! Stop or we will continue to release fire !\" the man over the speaker went on before the machine guns went off once more. \"Klaatu,\" Helen cried out, \"maybe we should just stop! I don't want anything to happen to Jacob! They're shooting at us for Christ sake!\" \"Keep going!\" he retorted. Being clever in a tight situation, Klaatu directed Helen and Jacob to ride through a small park. This made it all the more challenging for the trucks to follow them, but at the same time it became a challenge for the threesome to maintain speed over the grass. Still, they stayed on top of the game for the time being while peddling back out onto a road where they crossed a four-way and traveled through the ghetto until they could see the pier ahead. \"That's it! We made it!\" Jacob beamed. \"Not yet. They're still on us.\" Klaatu said, unintentionally killing the moment. The trucks came to a halt at the end of the road and soldiers came leaping out the back and front of the vehicles with guns in their arms and a mission to accomplish. As they chased their victims, the three remained planted on their bikes as they eased on to one of the long wooden docks that hosted tightly parked boats - boats of all sorts. As the soldiers progressed, the victims were faced with a last minute result to leap off their bikes as quick as possible, grab everything they had, and hop into the nearest boat. \"They're coming!\" Helen fretted as Klaatu tore his way into the electrical socket of the small motorboat. \"Klaatu hurry!\" Jacob was holding the puppy close, watching worriedly as the soldiers came trampling down towards them with shouting voices. The alien worked his hand in the socket that he had ripped in to, feeling the sting of small shocks as he managed to start the engine without a key - by the mere touch of his own fingers, it began to rumble smoothly. Helen wasted no time taking the wheel and getting them out of there. The rope that held the boat to the dock ripped off the pole - the pole that was painted with splashes of pelican fecal matter - as she backed up in a haste, bumping into one of the larger sailboats beside them - they barely escaped trying to avoid flying bullets by ducking down and quite literally squeezing out of there almost blindly. It was a great relief to know that their attempt had been successful, as it was never a promise to begin with. And more than likely the penalties that both Klaatu and Helen would pay could not be gentle ones. Who knows what might have become of them had the Military been triumphant this day. As of right now, they didn't even want to ponder on that. They were just glad to be where they were - in the safety of a speeding boat. \"Klaatu,\" Helen began after their lungs had rested and their minds were less shaken, \"how did you know where to go; to find the pier?\" The alien sighed in his seat beside her, taking a moment to think of a way that he could make it understandable for her. \"It is in my instinct.\" he said. \"My people are born with a natural ability to locate water that is within a twenty mile radius using a sort of telepathic sensory. The reason for this is to enable us to find our way home with ease. You see,\" he said, looking her way, \"we build our homes and cities near the ocean's edge on the planet we live on. It is just one of our mandatory needs for survival - and it is a resource.\" \"Oh.\" Helen uttered mindfully. She couldn't quite grasp it really. \"And if not for that, I would've found it, needless to say. It might have taken longer, but the city was mapped out before my coming here.\" \"Cool.\" Jacob commented, impressed. He was slowly beginning to look upon the alien in a new light - he was almost like those comic book super heroes with extraordinary gifts. In the corner of her eye, Helen caught glimpse of Klaatu's hands gliding over his legs and clutching his knees. She could hear him wince silently to himself beneath the roar of the boat's engine that cut through the water. They stayed on the boat for a day and a half, making their way to the Jersey coastline and eating without gorging themselves. But when they caught sight of choppers flying in overhead, they were forced to drive ashore, taking what they could find in the boat's closet compartments - a lantern and a box of matches. They waded to shore from there and dispersed into the woods. By this time, a thunderstorm had come on. To Be Continued. A/N: Okay, I hated turning Jean so sour so fast, but it had to be done :([Chapter 5] It Has Begun They felt about as dizzy and blurry as the morning looked in the fog of the grey dawn. Helen was the first to stir, accidentally waking Jacob as she did - his head had been resting in her lap. They both took a moment to rub their eyes clean and blink them till they were wide awake. It was damp, the lush green and brown overgrowth around them. And because of this, their clothes were not much dryer. They scanned the perimeter of the area - a small clearing surrounded by pines and oaks - taking little time to come to terms with the fact that Klaatu was nowhere to be seen. Damn! Where was the man -- no, alien? Helen stood to her feet abruptly, pulling Jacob up as she did. The boy could hear his step-mother's breathing growing erratic and unsteady - was she panicking over his absence? Both of them stood in the mist like grey-clouded silhouettes. When they began shouting and calling his name, the puppy stirred and woke, and a small family of robins fluttered overhead out from a looming tree branch. \"Klaatu!\" \"Klaatu!\" \"Klaatu, where the heck are you?!\" That went on for several minutes until their croaked voices could take the shouting no more. Jacob turned and looked at his step-mother, giving her that questioning stare that said: What now? - It reminded her of the same expression the puppy often had. \"Come on.\" Helen said, and they began to pace. Jacob gathered the little dog up into his jacket. Of course, by the time they had peered out of the clearing between the trees, they saw a wandering figure - a ghostly shadow in the distance - coming towards them. It was lame in its steps and often it limped and stumbled slightly. Helen knew without a doubt it was him. When he saw them coming at him, jogging amongst the forest, his attention was diverted from anything that may've been on his mind - for a moment he didn't heed to the fog of the morning or the dampness of his clothes or even his hunger; he forgot the patent need of self-preservation. He came splashing through a small pit of tumultuous water, pushing aside a limb that lay floating in his path with his good knee, until Helen and Jacob caught him in their arms - he waited just long enough for them to reach him before deciding at the last minute to collapse upon them. He was a heavy load, all of his weight bearing in on them. Somehow they managed to nestle themselves beneath his arms and escort him out of the water pit. He fell to the ground, laying himself down in the dirt. There were twigs weaved in his wet hair and his silk shirt had been repainted with the brown of mud and dirt. He was a nasty sight - he was far from the cleanliness he had been days before. He mouthed something but it was almost too silent to hear. He repeated it again, this time more desperately, something about water and food. Helen motioned Jacob to run back with her to get the satchels and when they returned she lifted the alien's head up - her palm beneath his drenched head - and poured water down his throat from one of the plastic bottles. Jacob was plundering and searching for something he could eat, but by the time he had retrieved what could be filling, Klaatu had fell victim to a heavy slumber. It wasn't until he woke four hours later that they were able to question his reason for leaving. He began eating something and Helen wasted no time in asking him, \"Where were you? What happened?\" He didn't look at her between the bites he took but replied as if it were nothing of alarm. \"I went searching for the road and I found it. If we leave soon, we'll be in Coxville by morning.\" \"Coxville? Well, okay - but - why did you come back like this? You fainted.\" \"I was tired and weak.\" he said, and left it at that. Neither of them questioned his dirtiness - Helen and Jacob didn't look much better themselves sleeping in the dirt and grass. \"What's in Coxville?\" Jacob asked. \"It's a little town off the interstate.\" Helen said, her eyes still observing Klaatu's every bite. \"Hey Klaatu,\" the boy began, \"did you see any cars on the road?\" \"The road was bare of any life.\" the alien told him. They moved on after a quick breakfast, pushing along the footpath. .:Å:. Then came the night of the falling stars. They had been walking silently near the empty road, bordering the woodlands that lined each side. The falling stars were seen in the early morning hours just before dawn, rushing over them westward, a line of flame high in the atmosphere. Others must have seen it too someplace far from where they were. The three of them halted and watched for a good length of time, their eyes heavy and their legs throbbing. \"A meteor shower.\" Helen mouthed. Jacob gasped in awe. They left a reddish streak behind them that glowed for a few seconds before fading into the now clear sky, traveling with a hissing sound. When they hit, there was a faint rumbling that seeped through the ground beneath them, albeit minor in the area they were standing. \"I'd say they're around a hundred feet above us at the most.\" Helen said. \"Looks to me like they're falling about a hundred miles west of us too.\" \"They're weird.\" Jacob said, yawning tiredly. \"But beautiful.\" his step-mother noted. \"It's bizarre seeing them in this range; most meteors explode in the atmosphere... We'd better move along.\" Klaatu was bemused by the shower of meteors. To him they looked to be more than just that . It had something to do with the streak they left behind them being a reminder of something he recalled seeing once - but he kept it to himself, acknowledging that it was more than likely nothing. The meteor shower died down at last and before long they were in Coxville. It was a small town indeed with only a bank, a grocery store and an empty ice cream shop. Everything was empty - that entire town was dead - and there were a few little houses built along the narrow road that looked haunted. Without question they made their way to the grocery story. The door was bolted shut. Helen and Jacob stood knocking on the doors and windows for a minute or so, until Klaatu lost patience and bounded in, kicking his way through the glass - Helen jumped back, clutching Jacob and pulling him behind her. \"Klaatu, for goodness sakes be careful!\" The alien ignored her and stepped in, his shoes breaking the shattered glass that laid spilt all over the floor beneath him. With mild trepidation, Helen and Jacob followed in behind - they'd never broken into anything. \"Hello?\" Helen's voice echoed throughout the lifeless store that was unlit and depressing. \"I doubt anyone's in here, Mom.\" Jacob said. \"Well, you never know.\" she shrugged. Klaatu began grabbing things from the shelves - dry foods, canned goods, sardines and crackers, bottled water, whatever they needed. Helen was searching for dog food and toilet tissue on the other aisle. It was difficult seeing in the dark, but there was enough daylight shining in through the windows to help them see well enough. Jacob had wandered to the magazine wall, finding a couple of comic books to take along - you can only imagine how desperate the boy was for entertainment. The little puppy was still cradled in his arms, but he let it down for a while to stretch its legs whilst he sat and watched. Helen came pacing toward her step-son carrying tissue paper and a bag of puppy chow, smiling at the little pup who wagged its tail and waddled about. \"What are you guys up to?\" \"I'm just letting Max stretch his legs.\" \" Max ?\" \"Well, you know…I figured he deserved a decent name at least. And Dad had a dog named Max when he was a kid.\" Helen smiled gently and said, \"I think Max is a perfect name.\" Jacob smirked and returned his sight upon 'Max'. Helen strayed alone to the front of the store, laying all that she had in her arms against the windows and looking out. While standing there, the lights suddenly flicked on and she turned around seeing Klaatu pacing toward her. \"What happened?\" she asked. Jacob had noted the lighting too. \"I found the power switch in the back.\" Klaatu said. \"I flipped it on.\" \"Too bad you didn't find it earlier.\" Helen commented. \"I think there's a restroom in the back. I'm gonna wash up and change my clothes, you mind?\" Klaatu shook his head. They had plenty of time to mingle - there was no rush. \"Jake,\" Helen called out as she began trailing down the aisle that led straight to the restroom, her satchel strewed over her shoulder, \"you need to wash up in the boy's room.\" \"Okay Mom.\" Jacob uttered, enjoying a Batman comic. \"Now Jacob.\" \"Okay!\" The boy shot up, grabbing Max and heading to the front. \"I'm putting your fresh clothes by the door.\" Helen shouted. \"Hey Klaatu,\" the boy began, \"will you watch Max?\" \"Yes.\" The alien took the puppy from Jacob and returned to watching the street outside. He stood silent for a moment, the little dog held gently in his arms, looking out and pacing the floors slowly. After a while he wandered curiously to the management counter near the far left wall, finding a television mounted up on the stucco wall. He rounded the counter, putting Max on the surface whilst he tinkered with the television set. It was mounted high, but he was tall enough to reach it. It was a mere press of the power button. The screen came into focus - a bit fuzzy - but clear for the most part. The news anchor was sweaty, his face full of fear - but the scale of his task to inform the country would have daunted even the most courageous of men. He continuously swabbed his forehead with a handkerchief, his other hand gripping the microphone. At the bottom of the screen it read: Breaking News! This was the national news channel, and as of right now it was filmed about as bleak as a local news station during a hurricane warning. The anchorman began to make his report, not a recited one, but a desperate warning for all who were watching. \" Ladies and gentlemen, I know our network has been out of service for several days now, and for the last few days we've had our breaking news alert on billboards and flyers. The World War III possibility we mentioned a few days ago is about to become a reality. All the countries are going to be fighting over resources rather than working together to fix the crisis we are facing now, the crisis that was caused by the invasion to our planet. The Saudi Royal Family has cut off our fuel resources in order to preserve it for them self. Russia is sending threats of an invasion to take over these resources and so is the U.S. and several other countries surrounding them. Russia is also threatening to invade Alaska to take over the Alaskan Pipeline. The U.S. has threatened to nuke Russia if they attempt to invade the State, and Russia is threatening to attack other European countries to take their resources. Japan has also threatened to invade China for their resources along with several other Asian countries. North Korea has threatened to nuke China …\" By this time, Helen had walked in, freshly dressed and drying her hair with a hand towel. She spotted Klaatu and the running television immediately and stepped closely to listen. Not long after, Jacob found himself watching too from the other side of the counter that Max was laying on. \" The U.K. has asked the U.S. to aid them in an attempt to overthrow Russia and to take over the Saudi fuel resources, and has agreed to share the fuel with the U.S. - but the U.S. has declined the offer saying they are planning on taking it all for themselves. It has become a game of only the strong will survive…There is about a two day countdown to a nuclear war. Every major U.S. city is being evacuated. People are advised not to get into their vehicles but to walk to the evacuation routes...\" \"That explains why all of those people were really lined up at the bridge in New York. All of those soldiers having them to stand in line and handing out supplies.\" Helen noted. \" Police and the National Guard are driving and flying over every town, city and neighborhood to alert and tell civilians where to go. Now, the bad news is not over yet, I'm afraid. This morning a report came in informing us of a meteor shower flying in around the northern east of the United States. These unidentified objects, that were referred to as meteors, have made large craters in their landing. The turf and gravel about it was described as looking charred as if by a sudden explosion. Many have reported feeling the ground rumble like that of an earthquake in brief bouts. Some said that when the unidentified objects came flying in, they made a hissing sound. Many are terrified that the extraterrestrials may be attacking us again while scientists are putting it off as mere meteors. The unidentified objects are being investigated and we are waiting to hear back from the Military….\" The anchorman paused, wiping the sweat beads from his forehead once more before carrying on, \" Oh ,\" He took a moment to read something, apparently what they had wrote down, \" Marshall Law has been declared in the U.S.\" He paused once more and swallowed nervously, \"Ladies and gentlemen, we are going off air temporarily now in order to conserve power along with all radio stations. Power companies are turning power off in all homes and businesses in order to preserve energy for what's needed. And all gas stations that have remaining fuel are being shut down and monitored under Government Officials. All businesses will be closed to the public.\" Again he paused, \"Ladies and gentlemen, be careful out there.\" The television lost its signal and everything went blur. Klaatu switched it off and turned around, casting upon his human companions a look of daunt and gloom. He said, \"Don't panic yet. The World War is the least of your worries.\" To Be Continued. A/N: A big shout out goes to T-U-X-I-D-O-G-R-E-Y for guiding me along with this whole crisis idea.[Chapter 6] On The Elizabethtown Common Walking back to the encampment Klaatu carried with him the small lantern from the boat in hand, and its yellow glow contrasted vividly with the infinite series of tints between lavender-blue and black in which the landscape was painted. Nocturnal insects began to appear in ghostly fashion out of the darkness and flutter around his light. He thought, perhaps, of all the possibilities of discovery that still laid in the dark triangle about him. To an alien the eastern woodlands are a wonderland full of strange questions and half-suspected discoveries - and he knew so much about it already, albeit only from distant observation. He raised his lantern so that it was dangling out in front of him - his shoes were pressing against the sharp grasses beneath him, leaving a footprint of green. He could see the startled faces staring up at him in the light, the little fire before their feet flickering dimly. As he stood firm and tall, coming toward them slowly, he looked almost frightening - like a damned soul coming to collect - but upon them he would inflict no harm. \"Have you come to terms with where the heck we are?\" Helen asked him, shivering slightly beneath the quilt she was sharing with Jacob and Max. The cold chill was a still one, but it seeped through the air bitterly, numbing their toes and fingers. \"I found nothing.\" Klaatu replied. There was a hint of standoffish melancholy in his vocals. Helen shot her glance away from him, huddling herself deeper into the quilt. Jacob sighed and said, \"I wish we were back home in the comfort of our beds.\" He gave Klaatu a look then, one that spoke volumes of resentful angst. The alien did not note this until he sat and began working the fire again in an attempt to rekindle the dwindling flame, his black eyes seeming to stare bleakly into the boy's soul. \"If your people are so smart,\" Jacob began, \"how come you couldn't see this coming?\" \"Jacob!\" Helen's voice hissed into his ear and an awkward silence seemed to stab their emotions like the chill of the night. At length, Klaatu spoke. \"The only process my people saw coming was the demolishing of your kind. And if I know anything about the human memory chamber, I shouldn't have to recite the events that you yourself lived through again. What is unfolding now is a result of unorthodox practice - my choice to spare your kind. I wanted to see you change, but I knew it was a risk I was taking, and a great sacrifice. Yet, I wanted to believe that your species was worth that effort. Whether or not I was right in believing my efforts reasonable is for the humans to decide. But resource greediness is not a fault of mine - or my overseers.\" Klaatu trained his sight on the fire again, the brightness of the flames giving color to his dark eyes. To their preference, Helen and Jacob retained their tongues, knowing very well that what would come bounding out of them would be harsh criticism - as hard as it was for both of them. While they were in the small town of Coxville earlier that day, a small band of M1A2 Abrams Tanks had come rumbling in and they were given little choice but to leave, desperately fleeing on a woodland footpath that met them from the back door of the grocery store. From there they ran though a vast cattle field and fled to the woods. Along the way they had trailed off too far from the road, only to find themselves wandering like wild folk in the New Jersey woodlands - by nightfall they were forced to make camp, and a last they caught rest. .:Å:. Forenoon was upon them before long, and the chilling spring air that had terrorized them the previous night had grown warmer. They gathered the satchels and carried on towards the small dirt path that parted way through the grass field and to the deeper woods ahead. All the while Helen was hopeful that they'd at least luck upon a farm, or something that could give them direction to the roads - she regretted that they hadn't been rational enough in their haste through the cattle field to search for any such thing. Up ahead of them was a clearing, and Klaatu decided to heed to Jacob's peevish whimpers of tired legs by suggesting the spot acceptable for momentary halt. As Jacob rested, he and Helen drank water and ate a little something - some candy he had taken from the store. Max relished in his kibble. \"I wish none of this ever happened.\" Jacob said, leaning forward and absentmindedly watching Max eat. He shot his eyes up at his step-mother and the extraterrestrial, finding that their expressions were slightly bemused - well, Helen's at least. He went on, \"I wish you never came, Klaatu.\" Klaatu tilted his head slightly, seeming to rank the little boy in an observatory way. \"Jacob, baby,\" Helen gave an exasperated sigh, \"don't say that.\" \"But I mean it, Mom. I do wish he never came. If they just left us alone, none of this would've ever happened. We'd be at home and safe. There'd be no crazy people rummaging the streets, no nuclear wars about to break out over fuel.\" Helen saw him now, perhaps in the same light as Klaatu had seen her that night she argued with him. She wanted to make her step-son understand the best way she knew how. \"Honey, I know that a lot of bad stuff has come out of all this, but can't you at least try to see the good in it?\" she asked as she took her place at his side, wrapping her hand around his. \"What good? We're lost in the woods in the middle of nowhere.\" \"Yes but, you and I are stronger now, together. And look what else you've got,\" Helen gestured towards Max who wagged his tail at the sight of them, \"a puppy of your very own. And Max would be completely lost without you.\" \"I guess I can't say you're wrong about that.\" Jacob sighed. \"But still-\" \"I know.\" Helen whispered, cradling him gently. \"But don't blame Klaatu for this, okay? Holding a grudge about something you can't take back will only hurt you in the end. Let it go. We have to live for today, not the yesterday that's already behind us.\" \"I'm sorry.\" the boy uttered. \"It's alright.\" Helen said. As they sat in the warmth of each other's arms, planted firmly on the old withered log, Klaatu watched silently - he was beginning to feel at a loss for himself. He felt alone and naked in the dark, like an animal trapped in a cage. There seemed to be some wishful thinking that wanted to tamper with his lack of humanistic emotions as he watched them… A sacrifice indeed. This much he had acknowledged. In the daunt of it all, a shrill hissing sound became audible over the trees. It was too crowded of branches and greenery for them to see anything in the sky, but it was made by one of the meteors - Klaatu was certain of it. It must have been dangerously close in its proximity because as it zoomed overhead, the trees around them began to sway violently. Klaatu rushed to the side of his human companions, draping himself over them with his slightly worn coat, shielding them as best he could should there be any falling branches. And as the rush of it all began to die down, they heard a terrible explosion in the distance, followed by a vibration that seeped through the Earth beneath them. It was a terrible rumble, one that sent them to their knees. It died down after about five minutes. They clambered to their feet with Klaatu's help. Helen and Jacob were shaken by the impact and little Max was all but petrified. \"What do you think that was?\" Helen asked worriedly. \"I'm going to find out.\" Was all the alien said as he began to plunge deeper into the woods, crunching and breaking whatever twigs and dead timber that nature had laid out in his path. They followed him without question. As they ran, their feet eventually carried them to the small community of Elizabethtown, New Jersey that met them down from the woodland hillside. .:Å:. In the town center they found a little crowd of perhaps twenty people surrounding a huge hole in which a cylinder lay - anything but a mere meteor. The turf and gravel around it looked just the way the anchorman had described it on television; charred and burnt. Hither and thither were tiny dying flames scorching the ground before finally dying out. Helen was reluctant when first they came running down, and she wanted to stop Klaatu in his path for their own goodwill. But everyone was too befuddled by the cylinder that laid lifeless in the pit to heed them. It was apparent that their arrival had been late. Everyone was quiet and along the edge of the pit sat five young boys, each with their feet dangling, amusing themselves and throwing stones at the giant mass - until a city official stopped them. It was a scarcely lively little town, but to their surprise it was still warm with human life. The Military must not have made their rounds this far yet, for the people, what few there were, gathered all about the place. Klaatu halted warily at the edge, looking down into the dreadful hole of sand and burnt Earth. Helen could see him turning ghastly pale in the sunlight and his eyes looked widened with some dreadful fear - like a longing fear that he had suppressed in secret up until now. What they were looking upon was a machine of some sort, constructed entirely of some strong metal - it was hardly scathed at all. Some of the people that stood around them consisted of a cyclist, a girl with a crying baby, a town official who was trying to keep everyone in line, a man and his two boys and a few others - all of which looked petrified and confused. \"Have any of you heard the news?\" Helen began to ask. She thought it selfish to go on without telling them. One stout man, the town official, stepped forward and nodded. \"Yes. We know all about what's going on.\" he said. \"We also heard what they said about the meteors - I guess this gives us our answer.\" He nodded once more and began swabbing his forehead with a cloth. Jacob stepped closer to Helen's side, clutching her hand and staring down at the cylinder. Klaatu remembered hearing no birds singing that morning - if any had even managed to remain - there was certainly no breeze stirring either before the hissing came zooming in overhead in the woods. As he contemplated it all to himself, he began to faintly hear the sounds of movement within the cylinder. \"Step back.\" he mouthed. \"All of you.\" Helen furrowed her brows at this, but when the sound became audible to her own ears, she took his orders to heart, telling whoever attempted to come close to remain by the safety of the large fountain. Klaatu watched as a large chunk of metal came flinging off from the top barrier, falling with a sharp noise amongst the sand that brought his heart into his mouth. Instantly, he knew what this meant, and, although the heat was excessive, he clambered down into the pit close to the bulk to see the thing more clearly, never heeding once to Helen's cries for him to come back. And as he stood close and waiting, he knew something inside had burst the door of the machine open! Atop the surface a long gangly arm, its skin a sickly brown, came flopping out onto the top of the machine. People, the ones who caught sight of this, began screaming, \"They're back! They're back! The aliens are back!\" and growing mad in a panicked frenzy, scattering off in a haste. Helen didn't even bother to calm them, but she told Jacob to remain safe and hidden behind the fountain whilst she stepped up to have a closer look from the safety of the pit's edge. What was in that cylinder she could not conceive, but she knew that the arm gaping out of it was not human. A kind of fascination paralyzed Helen's actions, for the closer Klaatu came to the cylinder the more the Thing inside began to crawl its way out. The Thing was not large in structure, nor was it muscularly built. It was a starved looking creature with arms as thin as a young child's. When it emerged its large head, she could faintly make out large glowing eyes that had a horrifying yellow contrast, and the tiny mouth that was dangling open exposing small fangs. It appeared to be looking at him and only him, and before she knew it Klaatu was crouched near the opening of which the Thing was drooping out. She couldn't make out their words the slightest bit, but she struggled to listen despite it all. The creature had a raspy voice that was weak and breathless and she nearly suspected that it was a friend of his - Oh no! It came to her: This was his own kind, coming here to search him out, take him home! He must've been telling it what had happened; but then again, why did he look so dreadful before? Didn't he want them to come find him? They continued uttering something in a language she could not decipher, but suddenly Klaatu grew harsh - harsher than he typically expressed himself - and the creature pointed its long grotesque talon at him as if giving a threat. Helen concluded that there was some disagreement raging on between them, and to her Klaatu looked frightfully worried beneath his scowl. In that moment, the creature pulled itself clumsily back inside, looking as if it were already on its final breath, and the machine began to make a rushing hiss as it started to rumble smoothly. Klaatu came crawling up to where Helen stood and he took her by the wrist once his feet were planted on the ground again. \"What's going on?\" Klaatu didn't reply, he merely began running towards the fountain with her where he clutched Jacob's wrist and began pulling him along the opposite side of him. They began running back towards the hillside from which they had come from and when Helen glanced over her shoulder, she could see the machine raising up out of the pit - it was now constructed of movable robotic legs! The face of the machine boasted a red eye, one that scanned the perimeter with an almost hint of disgust. It looked to be trained on the sight of them, and Klaatu darted behind a large bank - during this, Jacob had dropped one of the satchels over his shoulder whilst trying to keep hold of Max. As they galloped into the overgrowth that lay hidden behind the bank, they caught a deafening sound of a warming ray that rung through their ears painfully. They made it through the small overgrowth and began crossing through another field. As they glanced over their shoulders they caught glimpse of a horrible sight; the red eye on the machine was petrifying everything in its path, the town, the woods that surrounded it, and they could faintly hear the screams and wails of the remaining common folk. Don't panic yet , Klaatu had said before, The World War is the least of your worries . It was all coming clear to Helen in a rhapsody of horrific trauma. This new invasion was the main threat. And it was only a matter of time before the whole world had to face it, if they hadn't already. If one machine could disintegrate an entire town, imagine what several of them could do to the world , she thought. To Be Continued. A/N: My idea for this was partly inspired by The War Of The Worlds by H.G. Wells (book, not movies).[Chapter 7] Not A Savior They could see him walking with a swift foot up ahead, his silhouette as black as night against the unfathomable dark of the sky. Their every breath was ragged and painful, for they had been partly running and partly walking for hours, trying to escape the demolition that occurred in Elizabethtown. And every attempt to ask him to slow his pace or give them a moment's rest had been a pointless effort. A swift intuition had already flashed itself upon Helen. She knew he was dreading something. These creatures, these creatures that were coming here in these massive machines were here to harm mankind. They were angry at him, that much was bleakly obvious in the oblivion of it all. Before Helen or Jacob could mouth another plead for him to slow down and let them halt, he paused abruptly, like a battery that had gone dead, and he turned around. His cold, dark orbs observed them in the dark. \"Can we finally stop?\" Jacob asked, irritably. Klaatu replied not in words, but the actions that followed spoke for themselves. He began gathering things off the ground; twigs, branches, whatever he could retrieve. He knelt down and began tearing into the grass, wiping out a clearing so that it was only a dirt patch. He snatched a couple of good faggots and began rubbing them together so fast until it sounded like the working of a handsaw. When the sparks brought flame to the pit, Helen and Jacob took their seats on the plush ground, sitting their satchels aside and searching for something to eat in the heaviest bag. Often, they glanced Klaatu with slight wariness, but he walked away, leaving them alone and finding better comfort on the edge of the hillside. \"Jacob,\" Helen whispered, opening the boy a can of ravioli, \"you stay here with Max and finish eating. I'm going to have a word with Klaatu.\" \"About that machine, right Mom?\" he asked. \"Just stay put.\" The crickets whispered a gentle melody along the hillside that looked over a small pond accented with cattails and an open field that met a road somewhere down in the darkness. The alien attempted to relax himself, inhaling through his nostrils and training his eyes on the sight of the moon and stars that gave mystery to the night. His mind wanted to run away with him to a dark and dangerous place, a place he felt he couldn't do anything about at the moment - but he retained that eagerness. As he rested his mind, pushed aside his trouble, laid the horrors of the day aside to rest, he couldn't resist thinking about his own losses. It flashed through him in a sense of encumber that his home, the place he came from, was possibly lost to him for eternity. He was alone on this planet, barely relieved by the strange company he still had, left to face it all on his own. In a way, you might say that Klaatu had the weight of the whole world on his shoulders right now - maybe more than one world. \"You're thinking again.\" Helen had merged up to his right side, and he noted that her eyes were trained on the sky as well - not him - whilst her hands were tucked in the pockets of her jeans. Klaatu remained unresponsive at first, turning away from the view of her and resting his eyes back on the night sky. At first, there was a social discomfort between them. \"I guess this may be the end of the world as we know it after all.\" Helen uttered, speaking to herself more than anything - yet she was hopeful to have his ears. He could hear her sigh; it was rattled and shaky. They became silent and stood watching for a minute's time deriving, Helen fancied, a sort of comfort in each others company - for her at least. \"Is it hard knowing you may never get home?\" she asked him. Perhaps coming right out and insisting that he begin explaining to her what was going on might have drove him away. So, she began the conversation on a subtle, sentimental scale. \"It is difficult to an extent.\" he replied solemnly. She would've gladly asked him more about what he was feeling, about that tugging sensation that might have been plaguing him. But the effort might have been pointless anyway going by his silent, reluctant-to-open-up nature, and so she just began pouring out the questions. After all, weren't these his people who had come? \"But they're looking for you, aren't they? Why did you run away, other than the fact they almost killed us?\" Klaatu glanced her with an expressionless face, yet he was almost amused by this assumption of hers. \"Helen, these are not my people.\" he told her straight up. Might as well hit her with the facts now rather than lead her around in the dark. \"Then who are they? Klaatu, what's going on? You have to tell me.\" An infinite instance of silence lapped between them and then came the great conclusion: \"They are like wolves in a sheep field. They're here to collect what they see as their property. They want this planet for one sole purpose: Resource…My overseers bargained with this race, their leaders: Should this mission fail, the Earth would fall into their rights. It would be theirs for the taking. But we knew this mission would not fail, or at least that was our assumption - you however changed my mind, and when I stopped the demolition of your species, I knew that I was taking a risk. It was only a matter of time before they came to take what they see as theirs…and now they're here. They will wipe every living thing out of existence with brute force, and they will spare you no empathy ... We have never lost a planet to them before. We've always been able to succeed, to save each dying world. But this time we- I've failed.\" \"But can't your people do something to stop them?\" \"No Helen. The bargain was made. It was agreed. Now this world is theirs for the taking.\" \"Klaatu, are you telling me that you were not only trying to save the Earth from us, but from them as well?\" \"Yes.\" \"Then what are we supposed to do then, sit back and accept a grim fate? How are we going to stand against them?\" She was growing hysterical. \"Klaatu, please! This doesn't make sense, I don't understand!\" He appeared unmoved by her words, and it was becoming clear that he had no answer. Helen's eyes were burning with hot tears that began to roll uncontrollably down her cheeks. \"Klaatu,\" she wept, \"why the hell does it have to be this way? There has to be something you can do.\" He glanced her. It wasn't easily noticed in his steely face, but there was evidence of an overwhelming exhaustion that dampened him. \"Won't you say something?\" she begged. \"Don't you have anything to give me here…something other than this painful silence?\" \"Helen,\" he spoke at length, \"I know what it is you seek from me, and I cannot give it to you.\" \"Wh-\" she stammered, \"what? What do you mean?\" \"I cannot be a savior for your people, nor can I fill the empty void in your own life for the sake of you and your son.\" \"Klaatu I-\" \"Forgive me, Helen. I desire to be alone in my thoughts.\" He trailed away from her, leaving her with wet eyes, a cold shiver, and standing like a fool on the hillside. She sat contemplating things in the grass. She could find nothing to bring against this man's - alien's - reasoning. If there was ever any hint of gentle eroticism she had for him, he had ensured himself to kill it before it blossomed into something. She liked him in a sense, his protectiveness, his intriguing perplex being. He had fascinated her from the beginning. And now he deemed himself full of habitual skepticism. He would not bend, he would not give hope. Damn him! Damn him! She had succumbed to doubt herself. There was a touch to her shoulder - it was only as soft as the night breeze - but she jumped at the slightest touch of his fingertips. It was Jacob standing behind her, looking worried and petrified by his step-mother's state. She was the only thing he had in this world to depend on, the closest thing to a mother's unconditional love. If he were to lose her to the same unsubstantial virtue of which she had lost Klaatu, where would he turn to? Who would he have then? - No one, that's what. She had to dry her eyes, get a hold of herself, be strong for him. If Klaatu wasn't willing to protect and give them hope, she would. .:Å:. By the following morning, Helen had filled herself with a strong-willed determination. She was readying herself to set out to find Barnhardt by taking the roads she thought she knew until she would happen upon his home. She and Jacob completed their packing and as she strung her backpack over her shoulder, she cast her sight upon Klaatu who sat still and silent in the grass away from them. \"You're welcome to come along if you want, unless you find it more necessary to wait here and let them find you.\" She sniffled hard, her nose burning. \"But Jacob and I are leaving. We're going to find the Professor one way or another.\" Klaatu kept silent for a length of time, and she was hopeful that he'd stand up and go along, maybe rekindle his own assurance along the road. \"I will accompany you to the house.\" he said at last. \"But I will part with you afterwards.\" \"Why?\" Jacob demanded. \"Why do you have to part?\" \"It is for my own good and yours, young Jacob.\" the alien replied stiffly. \"That's not fair.\" the boy uttered. Helen rested her hand on his shoulder and when he glanced her, she shook her head as if saying 'Now is not the time.' \"Klaatu,\" she began, \"can I ask you something?\" The alien nodded once, awaiting her to say whatever it was she wanted to ask. \"Do you ever get scared?\" He studied her: The general appearance of this woman was of one who is weary, her long dark hair loose, unkempt, her smooth skin no longer loved, her face moderately stained with dirt. The scarf about her neck blackened by mud, the laces of her shoes slowly unraveling, the thin sweater and the dark jeans hugging her thin frame tattered. But her eyes! Ah! They were still bright like the northern star on a late winter's night. The question diluted his self-assurance, his own confident proclaiming of himself. It stunned him in an odd fashion - even as simple as it was - and she observed this almost concededly. How could he reply so that it made sense? What was the tangible emotion that struck fear from a human's standpoint? It was true that he himself boasted an instinctive fear; as of right now he was fearful of these new invaders and what they would do. But what did Helen think fear was to him? Knowing the extraordinary differences between them, Klaatu doubted it was the same. To Be Continued. ","Summary":" Ghosts in the Machines Rated T: For sci-fi action, peril, language, possible drug use and violent d"},{"Movie":"Last Samurai","Title":"a sweet dream and a beautiful nightmare","Author":"IchigoKomo-Chan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10572986","Passage":"[Chapter 1] These are some drabbles i wrote, planning to make a crossover last samurai / inception. let´s see if anyone likes to read... :) greetings from south germany. My eyes drifted close the moment my head hit the soft, silken pillow and the thought crazed my mind that I had never experienced anything as luxury as the cool fabric against my heated, still damp cheek. One last time my eyes opened and found the dark brown, nearly black orbs of his. His lazy, halfway-grin was still vivid on my mind, when I fell into a peaceful slumber, his arms wrapped around my smaller frame, reassuring and safe. Reality faded and the dream enfolded itself in front of my inner eye. Slowly, piece by piece a complex, vivid picture arose. I felt the moist, cool forest floor under my bare feet, fallen leaves and cedar needles were tickling my between my toes. I looked down, closely reckoning my feet, wiggling my toes. The dark-crimson nail polish seemed oddly out of space. I wrinkled my nose. Why were the polish and my knee length roman style summer dress I was wearing so unbearable misplaced? More so, why did my whole presence felt so wrong? Totally lost in thought I stood there, amidst a foreign clearing, surrounded by thick scrub and lofty trees. The chill air made me shiver and the rich, dark scent of the forest soil lingers in it. The peaceful tranquility evaded and a constantly growing louder voice was to hear. At first, I did not even take notice of it; my mind was way too occupied by the strange surroundings. But the voice grew louder and louder and no coherent thought was able no more. I dropped to my knees involuntary, irregardless the damp forest floor. I pressed my hands flat against my ears, trying to avoid the terrifying sound. The world around me began to spin faster and faster until I felt nausea upwelling. A warm, metallic scent lingers in the air, and one don´t has to be a rocket scientist to recognize the smell of blood. For a short moment my eyes shut close and when they opened again, the setting had changed dramatically. An archaic fight was ravaging around me, roaring yells of fighting men were to hear. Solders in bloodstained uniforms and with deathly pale faces were fighting grimly against a smaller, but obviously superior group of men. These were not wearing uniforms. Instead, they wore some kind of armor, each of them different in endearment and color; but similar menacing and overpowering. A shriek escaped my mouth when I saw two uniformed soldiers went down to my left. Their faces pale, lips drawn from blood and the eyes dead and empty. It was no merciful death they had met. I recognized that all the uniformed men on the battlefield were from Japanese lineage, only the ones with the horrifying armors were impossible to identify, the mighty helmets and visors only showed the eyes. More and more men went down to my left and right, I closed my eyes to avoid the gruesome sight. I needed to think clear for at least a single moment. A quiet voice in my mind told me, that this was mere a dream, not more. Nothing could harm me in my dream. But this felt real. Terribly real. It even smelled real. Finally I opened my eyes again, no longer able to shut out the sounds of war and death around me. I remembered something I once had red: the most gruesome thing about war was the sound. It was true. My eyes fluttered open just in time to watch a tall figure approaching me through the mist. The man moved slowly, without haste and not paying attention to the bodies at his feet. My body denied any service and for the first time in my life I was not able to move at all. Incapable of drawing back I knelt there on the damp, dark soil. The warrior towered over me and considering my crouching position I was unable to estimate how tall he was, but he had to be at least 6 feet or taller. He, too, was wearing one of that archaic looking armors, his was deep black with skillful, golden endearments. The warrior took the last to steps between us and i was able to catch a glimpse of his breastplate, zje pauldrons and the braces on his forearms, which shows golden, fighting tigers. His helmet was even more awe-inspiring compared to his companions´. An old, Japanese demon of some sorts was cresting it, made of a deep black metal. A broad, massive visor concealed his face and only his eyes were to see, their color was a dark brown, almost similar to the black, rich soil of the forest ground under my naked knees. Unconsciously I had shifted my weight back onto my heels, so i was know in a very upright, kneeling position, like a traditional Japanese women would kneel. My hands were luckily resting on my thighs, so he could not detect the trembling of my numb fingers. I held his gaze, not batting an eye, and the world around me was lost in reverie „Osoreru koto wa arimasen \" his voice was rich, deep and melodic, but the words did not sink in for several seconds. The sound was soothing and familiar, like a long lost memory. „Anata dare?\" i could sense mor then hear that his words were a question, and I desperately wished to understand. Tears streamed down my pale cheeks but I did not understand why I was so devastated. „Watashitoisshoni taizai!\" His urging, almost begging words were still repeating over and over again in my mind, when I had woken up seconds later in my bed, covered in cold sweat and drowned in tears. (I have to apologize for any miss-spellings or grammar-errors, for i am from germany and english is not my ntive tongue) Please, for the gods sake, reviews delight a writers heart! :) Osoreru koto wa arimasen don´t be afraid Anata dare who are you? Watashitoisshoni taizai stay with me[Chapter 2] „Watashitoisshoni taizai!\" Even in my dream his voice made me moan longingly. His begging words, the seducing, gentle sound of it, fuelled my desperate wish to answer him, to found my own voice again. Ever since that first night here in Japan, I dreamt about this strange samurai almost every single night. I heard his raspy, deep murmur each single time I closed my eyes, not matter how tired or exhausted I was, he always came to me, took me with him, far away. This night, I found myself in a traditional, Japanese house, I marveled on the wonderful paper-made walls, the very few but beautiful drawings on the thin walls. My feet started to walk on their own account; it seemed I had no saying in the directions they took me. I wandered down a small, dark hallway, but somehow it wasn´t threatening at all, actually it had has a very soothing effect on me. My breathing got steadier with every step and I was totally calm. To my right, a door slid open and I stepped inside the dimly light room. Candles were burning and spending a warm light, I raised my eyes from the floor under my bare feet and I stood still in awe. Before me, only a few steps away, his armor stood on a dress-form. I would have recognized it out of hundreds, simply because I had seen it in almost every dream so far. The light of the candles was reflected by the polished black and golden metal, even the fabric of the undershirts seemed to gleam. The highly impressive but also stunningly beautiful helmet sat on top. Carefully I closed the small distance and stood still right in front of the armor. It was huge, most likely one and a half heads taller than me, and good as twice as broad. My hand rose by itself and my fingertips caressed the delicate golden endearments, touched the tigers, engraved into the breast plate and the bracers. To my surprise it felt warm under my skin, almost alive. I leaned forward, taking in the scent that emanated from it. The scent reminded me of the warm, earthy smell of the forest floor, matching the dark brown, earthy color of his eyes. These eyes. They were haunting me. Even in my wake hours. They had this warm glow, and one could easily imagine how they would darken to nearly black when enraged or in ecstasy. Gods, the mere thought of it made me shiver. I wanted to get lost in those eyes. I wanted to lose myself in this voice. It was hilarious, I told myself every morning. It was only a dream, after all. The sudden voice of footsteps startled me and I stepped back from the armor. Turning around I could see the form of a tall man through the thin paper walls, walking down the hallway and stopping in front of the sliding door. Like in slow motion the door opened to the side, and for first time in all my dreams he stood there, without the armor, wearing a simple, but handsome dark blue kimono and a matching hakama. He was as tall as I had thought, even a bit taller. That was very rare among Japanese man, even more because his frame also seemed to be remarkable broad and athletic. Where the Kimono fell open at his elegant neck his skin shows, tanned but seemingly smooth. My heart took a leap when I got a glimpse of his elegant collarbone. He stepped inside the room while his eyes never left mine. He wasn´t surprised at all to see me, more likely he seemed to be pleased yet relieved . His eyes shone in the soft candle light, their color looking almost black and a slight smile played around his firm lips. He took one step after another until he stood right in front of me. I had to crane my neck backwards to be able to see his face. He looked stunningly impressive; his obviously black hair shaved short, a neatly trimmed beard shading the skin around his nicely shaped lips and angular chin. I saw the muscles at his jaw twitch a bit as he opened his lips as if he wanted to address me, but no word came out at first. \"Soko ni aru Watashi wa nagai jikan o matteita\" This time my dream did not end the very moment he spoke to me. This time I was able to make a small motion and my face showed my confusion of what his words mean. \"There you are. I waited so long.\" He left me breathless with these words, spoken in my own language. How could this be? His smile widened as he watched me. I was in pure shock and my legs quit their job right then. I sensed my weakness and the very moment I started to fall he closed the last bit of distance between us and catched me in mid air, holding me secure in his arms. I felt the warmth emanating from his body, felt the strength of this experienced warrior. The last thing I remembered was his masculine and stern but so very handsome face and the longing look in his eyes. Then I slowly drifted back into reality and with a start I woke up.[Chapter 3] Another night, another dream, a different location, but the same soothing, calming whispers in the air. I found myself in some kind of courtyard, standing in the pouring rain. The drops were falling heavy on my shoulders, soaking me from head to heel in mere seconds. I didn´t felt neither the cold nor my damp clothes. I looked down my body and recognized the dark green kimono I had seen in a traditional shop in Tokyo a few days ago. It was beautiful and the color was a perfect match for my copper-red, hair. It was quite expensive, so I had not been able to make the decision to buy it. But now, in this dream, I was wearing it. The wet fabric felt so vivid on my skin, I had to remember myself that I was still only dreaming. My eyes wandered around and I took in my surroundings. It was indeed a courtyard, well groomed, with neatly cut, evergreen bushes and bald trees. So it was winter, I thought suddenly. The heavy rain continued and it made it impossible to see further then the distance to the surrounding buildings. I walked over to the closest, an open hallway, open stone arches facing the yard. Carefully to not slip on the stone floor I stepped under the roof, sighing deeply, relieved to have found any kind of shelter from the rain. Slowly I began to stroll further into the hallway, surprised by the lack of wind or coolness inside. Stepping around a corner, I discovered what clearly some kind of shrine was, joss-sticks and candles were burning, and I was able to smell the spicy, smoky scent lingering in the air. \"Okaerinasai\" My eyes drifted close for seconds, relishing on the sound of his voice. When they opened again, I slowly turned around, sensing his presence right behind me. I smiled apologetically. He seemed to remember my lack of knowledge of his language, so he repeated himself, speaking English this time. \"Welcome home.\" Home? How could this be home? I was utterly confused, but his closeness brought my attention back to my current surroundings . He smiled his ever slight halfway smile and raised his right hand to my face, stroking back a silken strand of copper hair, which escaped my neat bun. His Fingertips lingered on the nape of my neck. The smile on his handsome face turned into a lazy grin and his dark eyes became a tad softer \"akaebikusen\" I raised my eyebrows in an unspoken question. \"Red vixen…\" His grin deepened as an airy laugh escaped my lips. This term of endearment seemed most fitting yet so strange, that i was matching this dream just perfectly.[Chapter 4] Allright, my dear readers, listen up: this is really just a drabble of fluff/smut. I started it out of a tipsy, late night mood and it merely wrote itself. So, sorry if it´s crappy and maybe ooc… And for the Valar´s sake, please ignore any grammar or spelling errors… ;) No star was to be seen that night, storm clouds racing the night sky above. Heavy rain was falling again, a thunderstorm soon to ravage over the village. Winter was near; the air was chill and had an icy touch to it. Like a stone monument, Katsumoto sat cross-legged right in front of the shrine of his ancestors, lost in deep reverie. He had meditated for hours, but still his mind was troubled and he had no answers to his questions. What was the purpose of her presence, why was she brought to this village, to him? He prayed to the gods for a sign of any kind, for he was at a loss. What cruel power could have possibly thrown her in the middle of the murderous, bloody battle where he had found her? He had picked her up, her limp body safe and secure in his arms, and carried her to Uijo, his most trusted warrior had shielded her until eventually the battle was won. After he had paid the obligated respect to the fallen men, the mighty lord of the samurai returned to the girl and watched her intently. Around him, his men took care of the fallen and the injured; wounded warriors were prepared to be transported to their village, where the women could tend to them. Driven by curiosity he took a wisp of her copper hair between his fingertips. He regretted it instantly, for he left a trace of blood on the silken strand. His opponents blood was still clinging to his hands, even his bracers were stained. He withdrawn his hand and gave Uijo a short, but polite command, who walked up to him only seconds later, a cloth in his hands which he handed to Katsumoto. The samurai cleaned his bloodied hands and got down on one knee in front of the unconscious. She was from one of the western countries, that much was clear. A gaijin. Her skin was very fair, as he could see, for her quite irritating attire showed large parts of her slender body. His eyes followed the blue veins underneath her creamy white skin, trailing from her slight arms down to delicate, narrow wrists. On her shoulders, arms and to both sides of her snub nose (which deemed to be quite beautiful to him, by the way), very light freckles were spread randomly. Her whole appearance seemed out of space to him, for he had no dealings with westerners in the past. Finally pulling himself together, he carefully lifted her body from the black forest soil and carried her to his horse. Ujio already awaited him and took the girl from his lords 'grip. Katsumoto swiftly mounted his steed and nodded to Ujio, who handed the still limp body back to him. After he secured the girl in front of him, he took up the reign and headed back to the village, leaving the battlefield behind. His warriors would follow right after, that he knew. The air was crisp and he took his first deep breath since he had entered the battle hours before. He sought in the fresh air, savoring the clear smell. A small noise made him look down on his company. The girl stirred ever so slightly and her eyes opened for a short moment. She found and held his gaze at once, diving into his very soul, it seems. He marveled at the color of her eyes. Unlike to most of the Japanese woman, who tended to have dark-brown nearly black ones, the girl´s eyes had the color of a forest stream, the orbs of a light blue that faded into a dark grey rim. Too soon for his liking she closed her eyes again. She sighed heavily, drifting back into unconsciousness. Who was this girl, which had laid her head against his chest plate, unknowingly gripping his bracer to hold on to it? Obviously she was not from these lands, nor this part of the world. Her attire was most unusual, as was her hair and skin color. He pushed all wondering from his mind; all that mattered now was to get her back to the village. Then, when in safety, he would ponder about her sudden arrival and who she actually was. Katsumoto woke from his memory with a start, disturbed by a noise he could not identify at first. He had sent his guards to rest, for he needed to be alone to find peace in meditation. He stood and walked over to entrance, just in time to catch the redhead in question, which stumbled through the door arch, soaked by the thunder-storm outside and clearly searching desperately for shelter. This could be considered a sign, indeed, he thought and a slight smile brightened up his grim features. She still breathed heavily as she looked up to address her savior. Her eyes widened as she recognized the tall man that held her tight, his arms bare, because his kimonos´ sleeves had been shoved up in the motion. She had the decency to blush at least a bit. It looked ravishingly. \"Oh my, I am so sorry. I had not expected anyone to be still awake at this late hour of the night.\" She breathed. \"You, for yourself, are up and awake as well.\" He remarked quite logically. She still had a grip on his arm and side to steady herself. And he was not intending to end the rather inappropriate proximity. Actually he felt oddly at ease with her body flushed against his. She never had been so close to him before. So close, that he was able to smell her infatuating scent, to feel the warmth of her body even through her soaked kimono. Speaking of which, the fabric clung to her body and that, for sure, was a sight for sore eyes. \"I know\" she sighed, \"I couldn't find peace tonight so I decided to take a stroll up to the temple. No need to mention that exactly in the very moment I left the houses all hell broke loose. But I apologize for my rash entrance and that I have disturbed you.\" \"No harm was done, Inari-chan.\" He smiled down at her, an honest smile that reached his eyes as well. She was a bit stunned, for she had never seen him smile full heartedly like this before. ########## I searched his so very handsome face for a hint of mocking, but I couldn´t find any. I tried to straighten myself, but his arms still held me tight to his body, my face and shoulders mere inches away from his broad chest. When being so close, he seemed to be even taller, his shoulders wider. The world was lost to me as I observed his features, taking in the tanned skin, his perfectly shaped lips and the trimmed beard I had taken a liking on. He locked his eyes with mine, a game we liked to play recently. It seemed to delight him to challenge me in ways like that. It took me several evenings of talking until I was able to withstand his mesmerizing, deep-brown eyes and the intimidating gaze. I was fully aware of my starring, but I didn´t mind it at all. Who knew when I would have this precious opportunity again? I held his gaze a few moments longer and continued my trails then, taking his features in. Again my observation halted at his lips and the corners of his mouth lifted in a lazy grin while he watched me intently, letting me explore. I cannot tell where the following came from, where and when the motion started, but he removed one of his breathtaking beautifully toned arms from my waist and the next thing I felt was the warm palm of his strong, but surprisingly gentle hand half on my cheek, half on my neck, drawing me nearer until the last distance between us was closed. One last bone-melting look from his fathomless dark-brown eyes and I felt his mouth conquering mine. My eyes drove shut a second later, paralyzed by the tingling sensation his expertly kiss caused. It took me mere moments to return the kiss as my lips started a life on their own and my hands let go of his kimono only to be raised up and entwined around his neck. From this very moment on there were only feelings left. His short hair tingled the sensual skin of my inner wrists as I laid my open palms on his scalp, and so did his beard against my lips. Both of his large hands cradled my face, still gentle, but also demanding and lead taking. He must have taken a few steps backwards and me with him, for I found myself right in front of the coal basin next to the shrine. There, the chill wind was not able to reach us anymore. I savored the taste of his mouth, his scent that made me lightheaded like a drug. Suddenly my soaking wet, uncomfortable kimono was forgotten, I did no longer care about the cold and wetness, the heat his body emanated was enough to almost burn me to a pile of ashes. More so, I welcomed the fire this usually so stern and cool man had sparked and my body was flushed against his like it was molten, liquid in his strong hold. For weeks, no, months I had watched this superb being, unconscious longing for something I dared not even to think about. If the sensation of his tongue crazing my bottom lip had not pushed aside every coherent thought, the surreality of the situation alone would have left me in astonishment. Through the haze of desire my mind was drowning in I felt his hands begin to wander, roaming about my body, trailing down my arms, then over my shoulders only to end up holding onto my waist in a bone-crushing embrace. Every motion, every move he made showed his own desperation, a need I had not even had the guts to hope for. For seconds our mouths parted to catch some air and I watched him with glazed eyes, silently sighing longingly at the look of the smooth, tanned skin of his neck and upper chest that was shown where his montsuki fell open, disheveled as I had gripped the fabric. I dropped my hand from his shoulder, boldly sliding it under the garment; laying the palm flat over where I supposed his heart to be. He was a human being, after all, for his heart raced as fast as mine. I felt his heartbeat under my fingertips and an almost silent moan escaped his lips as I traced his collarbone with the index finger of my spare hand. Don't ask me where I mustered the courage from to do this, but right then and there, nothing could have kept me away from him. My sanity may have told me to step back and run as far and as fast as I could, but my body knew very well what he desired. \"This, my lord, is most inappropriate. \" My voice was teasing and seducing at the same time. He grinned down at me, a facial expression; I had not thought it would be in his repertoire. \"There is only you and me. And my ancestors surely had known about this before they brought you to me\" He mentioned to the shrine. \"You believe they got me into this mess?\" I tried to joke, but my shaky voice betrayed me when his hands started to glide under the front of my kimono, pushing the layers of fabric apart until his fingers traced the thin undergarment. My body felt like it was made of molten metal, burning and flowing apart. \"Before you stumbled inside and ended up right in front of my feet, I prayed to them. I prayed for a sign, what the purpose of your presence could be. Now, who am I to disagree with my ancestors?\" He whispered to my ear, his voice low, growling and mesmerizing. My eyes went wide, and I answered breathlessly: \"I am starting to take a real liking on your family.\" \"Oh, I hope so, for it will be yours as well if we walk down this path a moment longer. I leave this decision up to you, for once. You can choose to leave and go to sleep, and still be considered a welcomed guest and friend of mine. If you should choose to stay, I won´t let any other man ever touch you. If you stay with me, here, before my ancestors, I will deem you mine. \" His intense gaze bored into mine, searching for the honest truth. I swallowed down my fear, my doubts and cupped his face with my hands, kissing him hard and firmly. He crushed me against his chest, returning the kiss with a determination that made my heart stutter. No words were needed anymore. Driven by the urgent need to feel his skin on mine I yanked his montsuki open with as much care as I could muster. My hands roamed freely over his broad, perfectly smooth chest, caressing the numerous scares that gleamed silvery on the tanned skin. He had fought so many battles, it seemed like a wonder that there was still so much passion and emotion hid away underneath the unapproachable warrior he was to the world. He freed me from the damp kimono without any fuss. The fabric pooled around my feet in mere seconds, the undergarment following only moments afterwards. He stepped away from me, beholding me from head to toe, an ardent longing in his eyes. I closed mine, rather enjoying his observation. I was content with my body and I knew he was, too. Even more, it seemed. I easily sensed his heat somewhere behind me when he reached out for me, tracing down my spine with the fingertips of his right hand. He followed the curve of my butt and the same moment I felt his breath against my neck, followed by a searing kiss. He turned me around, his hand sliding lightly over my stomach. It was my turn to finally rid him from these damn myriads of layers that hid his gorgeous body. My eyes went glassy as I shoved the montsuki down his defined shoulders and arms. Now I took the time to step back and relish this piece of art. His back was wide, muscles flexing under the scarred but beautiful skin as he craned his neck to watch my facial expression. I traced a silvery, almost invisible line on his right shoulder blade, first with my fingers, then, leaning forward, with the tip of my tongue. His patience seemed to be worn out and he faced me again, my body getting flushed against his, skin on skin at last. I let a low moan loose when my breasts touched the searing heat of his skin and his hands grabbed my behind, lifting me up so that my legs wrapped around his hips on their own account. He wielded my bodyweight like I was a mere ragdoll, despite the fact that I was tall for a woman and, even blessed with a slim and slender figure, I still weigh about a hundred and twenty pounds. His hakamas´ fabric grinded against my core, whilst one of his hands was still grabbing my behind in a strong grip and the other arm supported my back, hand wrapped around the back of my neck. I buried my face at the shallow of his throat, desperately trying to silence my moans. His discipline and self-control was amazing, given the fact that his own want strained against my stomach. But still, his eyes were only focused on every single move and expression I made. In one fluid movement he dropped to his knees, taking me with him so I straddled his lap now. I shrieked in surprise and immediately laughed airily. My laugh seemed to soak into his heart and soul, leaving an unknown euphoric joy in his eyes. He could not resist the enticement any longer and captured my mouth with his. The thin mattress he had meditated on before, shielded our intertwined bodies from the cool stone floor, while he explored my mouth with his proficient tongue, nibbling on my bottom lip and tracing the outlines with the tip. The impact of lust shook the marrow of my bones. Where the hell was this coming from? Never in my life had I ever experienced anything like this rush of emotion, mixed up with passion and pure, feral lust. My nails digged into the strong muscles to both sides of his spine while I ran them up and down his back. He didn´t even flinch and I was pretty sure that my lack of control had drawn blood. Carefully, with one palm covering the back of my head and the other holding me at the waste he lowered me to the bamboo mat, shielding me with his broad frame so the chill air could no longer reach me. I wrapped my legs around his hips again, holding him firm. He towered over me, propped up on his elbows to both sides of my head. He watched me thoroughly, something like curiosity in his eyes. I linked my eyes with his and a sudden pressure of his hips made me moan out involuntarily. My gaze had not left his and I could see the dark brown orbs changing to nearly black. In that second I knew why any opponent, no matter how powerful or mighty, would fear him. How odd, I thought, he could break my neck in mere seconds, he overpowered me by light years, but still: i needed this man, I wanted him. He was my destiny. And I had to take this leap of faith. Impatiently I slid my hands down his back and under the waistband of his hakama. Divines, his ass was simply and utterly breathtaking. Years of sword-play and battle had sculpted his body to pure perfection and I worshipped it the way only a lover can do. He let me take over control for a moment, stripping him from the loose pants, taking in a long, really long look of the fine specimen above me. I did not care if by dawn this all would be a scandal, nor about what would happen to our bond of friendship. Tonight I was all his, even if it would be my downfall. Finally both fully naked, I clung to his body, from the tip of my toe up to my forehead, which rested against his collarbone, trying to restrain myself. He leaned back and searched my face, his brown eyes like molten earth. \"Are you walking along this path with me?\" His voice was raspy and low, more a growl, but the tone was gentle, full of fondness. My heart skipped a beat as I heard my own voice, oddly hoarse, answering him: \"I do for I am yours.\" A low growl escaped his luscious lips; and then, agonizing long seconds later, we were no longer individuals, we became one. We were driving each other nearly to insanity, blind and deaf to the world around us, when only feelings were left. I devoured the taste of sweat on his skin, clinging to him at every thrust, every move. The candles at the shrine had burnt down when we finally found satisfaction, my body nearly crushed under his delicious weight. The first thing which soaked into my mind after unknown time was his warmth, still enveloping me. Next was his taste, still on my swollen lips. Slowly I half opened my eyes, only to being greeted by his, drowsy but still attentive. A lazy half-smile played around his lips. And this glorious sight was the last thing I had on my mind as I drifted off in an exhausted but peacefully sleep. When I awoke the next time, I found myself laying on the spacious futon in his quarters. Still half asleep I turned on my left side, searching the dark room for the man that clearly had left only recently, for I could still feel his heat on my skin. Before my eyes had found him, my other senses told me that he had returned right behind me. \"Do you ever make any kind of noise?\" I asked playfully, turning around to face him. \"Or do you just like to sneak up on me?\" \"It seems your ears are keen enough to keep you safe.\" He grinned down on me and I marveled at the handsome and rare sight. The fact that he had smiled more this last few hours than I had ever seen him doing in all these months made my heart jump. He laid down on the futon, pulled me against his naked chest and rested his chin on the top of my head. He sighed contently, shielding and covering me with his body like it was a warm blanket. \"On a scale, how inappropriate were the events of tonight. And I am talking of the Japanese scale?\" My effort to amuse him got rewarded; I felt his chest heaving with silent laughter under my cheek, which again rested on the shallow of his neck. \"Very.\" I knew that he was only teasing, so I continued my quiet talking. \"How did I end up here?\" \"That I tried to find out earlier, but I got assaulted.\" I craned my neck to shot him a glare. \"in your bed, I mean.\" \"I carried you.\" \"That explains. Was I dressed?\" \"Not exactly\" \"What means not exactly?\" My voice got a pitch higher. \"I had wrapped you in your kimono.\" His voice sounded amused, but he tried to make a serious face. \"How many of your man had seen us while you did that? I´m just curious.\" \"Only Uijo. He was the last one still awake.\" \"I suppose I can live with that. I like him. Even if he´s not talking to me.\" I snuggled my cheek against his neck. \"He like´s you, too, inari-chan. He´s not used to woman taller than him.\" I felt him smile into my hair. \"What will be when tomorrow dawns? Will this be a scandal? Will it be ignored because I am not more than a gaijin that has made it to be a mistress because of her exotic looks?\" No bitterness laid in my voice, only curiosity. \"With the first light of sun, everyone will know that I took you as my lover, my mistress as you would call it. You must understand that in Japan, a woman's role is thoroughly different than in your world. In public, you will never object, you will speak only when permitted. You will do as you are told. But within these walls, you´ll be a highly considered adviser, the second thought in my decisions. A mistress in Japan is treated with well earned respect for she has to be not only beautiful but foremost she has to be intelligent and loyal. \" I still hid my face while he was talking. Taka had told me a lot of the Japanese traditions, the way of life. But until tonight I had not thought about what it would mean to blend in into this society. But I had chosen my path and I had to follow it now. There was so much to learn, it made my head spin. But he was like gravity, keeping my down and steady. All would be fine. Somehow. \"You´re not responding?\" His voice sounded a tad bit strained. I sat upright, taking his face into my hands. My eyes held his as I spoke with a fierce sound to my voice: \"You know that this task will be a delicate one for me. But I vow, I will honor your name, your house and your generosity. To be all you abide from me shall be my only destination, for your ancestors had sent me here for this purpose only.\" His eyes seemed to sear through me, a fire burning underneath the surface of his stern expression. For a long moment he reconsidered my words before he cupped my hands with his, capturing them and pulling me down beside him. He shifted his weight, pinned me down with his body and spoke with determination: \"You will not deceive me, I know this. In return, I now vow to you, for even if I can´t take you as my wife, you´ll be mine and I´ll be yours. I will protect you and care for you.\" I supposed that this would be the nearest I´d ever get to a wedding vow, being naked on a futon in this of all places. Fortunately he deemed it a good moment to crush his lips on mine. After a full minute we broke apart to breath and I made a smug face. He cocked one eye-brow, looking at me quizzically. I stretched myself delightfully underneath his already wanting body, raising my arms above my head and grinding my hip against his loins. Again, dark-brown nearly went black. One of his strong hands closed tightly around my wrists, the other one slid under my lower back, pressing me closer against his hot flesh. I reached up with my head to whisper into his ear: \"Please, make me remember this first night for all my life, kare·shi.\" Every move of his seasoned body was powerful, breathtaking and left me entirely helpless. He took me with him, into a blur of ecstasy. Each thrust of his hips lifted me up from the mattress and crushed me back down again; there was nothing left for me to do than to hold on to his muscular frame, surrendering my mind and body to his superiority. With any other man, his force and determination would have frightened me, but with him, I just rushed past any boundaries. Still gripping my wrists with one hand, arching my back, he used his other hand to secure my legs around his hips, pushing them higher so he could reach even deeper. I tried ever so hard not to scream out, but I failed and from the corner of my eyes I saw the mixture of pride and lustfulness on his face. He did not even try to silence me. Stroke after stroke he drove me higher until I was nearly crying in desperate desire. His hand came up, turning my chin until I faced him again. Unable to slow down my breathing enough to speak, I just awed up to him. His face was mere inches away from mine and his voice was low when he growled: \"Come for me. Now.\" And like I was told: I did all to his biding.[Chapter 5] Mother Luck is a moody bitch, you know. And most likely bipolar. At least that would describe just perfectly how I got into this entirely horrendous situation. First off, I should introduce myself shortly. Born in southern Germany, raised well and educated despite my entire lack of young ambition when it comes to studying, I stumbled out into life, a life full of odd jobs, professions and, of course, terrible men. After I got married and run off as fast as I possibly could after only ten days, I managed to get myself a job as a PA, assigned to the department head for international sales and distribution of a rather huge company programming personalized ERP software for major enterprises. More specifically the company's dealings on the Asian market. How I was able to do so is far beyond my imagination, believe me. Somehow I seem to have impressed on fist sight at the interview. Odd, to say the least. And here I am, little old me, sitting in a quite nice apartment somewhere in goddamn Tokyo. The fact that the place was no tiny rat hole is due to my company. It's a nice place, really. Surprisingly spacious for Japan, pretty furnished. Sad, really, that I would get fired in only a couple of hours and would soon be dragged out of this cozy place. All that trouble just because in exactly one hour and forty-two minutes I had to attend a business dinner as an attendance of my boss. Nothing of highest importance, I have to admit, but it would be my very first step on business-ground here in Japan. And I was utterly terrified. The last three hours I had spent re-reading every book I had about decent Japanese behavior. Hell, I read this tomes of wisdom approximately a hundred times even before my move to Japan, but I still was unsure of when to do what, whom to greet first, when to speak up and when to smile and politely nod. One must know, that to be woman in Japan is still a bit tricky, even in the 21st century. There are still boundaries a western woman would never expect. Tonight, I would epically fail. Of that, at least, I was pretty sure. Dragging myself out of my depression and up from the cozy, dark anthracite sofa I knocked over the knee-high stack of books on my way to the bedroom, where I halted in front of my closet, quietly cursing. The dinner was located in the fancy restaurant on the top level of one of Tokyo's classiest hotels, one of the kind I would never be able to afford a night in. Beside my boss and me there would be two potential Business partners from Tokyo and Kyoto joining us. Both of them were supposed to bring attendance. God knows how much I hoped, that it would be all easy going ladies talk for me. Because I really have a bad habit with not keeping my mouth shut and starting an argument about some marketing issue. And as I was told, that would be deemed very, very rude. Best chance was to just hold my mouth shut tight and look pretty. I could do that, surely. That left me with the choice of what to wear. After several minutes of raiding through the hangers I opted for a moderate length dress, dark emerald green under black lace, high collar. One of my \"Mad Man\" dresses as I liked to call them, because I looked totally sixtyish in them. The color would work perfectly with my creamy white complexion and copper-honey colored hair. A pair of classic black patent leather mary-jane heels and a similar classic black trench coat completed the outfit and I headed to the bath, heavily sighing. This was going to be a long, long evening and I couldn't even just get drunk to endure it. In retrospective, had I known what would await me on this particular dinner table, I couldn't predict for the life of me what I would have done. Fight or flight, that's the question. Doing my make-up in best-time, I was ready just on the spot to get into the nice black Lexus that awaited me at the main entrance of the apartment-building. Being official for the company wasn't so bad after all. The drive took more than 30 minutes and once again I was overwhelmed by the sheer size of this city. It felt like one could simply vanish in a matter of seconds if too careless. I´d never call me anxious or shy, I was more the adventurous kind of person, but all this, outside the tinted windows, took more courage than I thought I could muster. The first few weeks were hard on me, isolated due to my lack of language and friends in the first place. Only recently I slowly adapted to the situation. Sighing I lent my head against the cool glass, closing my eyes for a moment and taking in a deep breath to sooth my spinning mind. Once the car reached its destination I took a last deep, shaky breath, sent a short prayer to whatever god was in charge around here, to not let me stumble out of the car in front of my boss and waited for the driver to open my door. I stepped out onto the vestibule and took a look around. Wonderfull. My boss was nowhere to be seen and already there were several serious looking men watching me walking up to the grand entrance. What could possibly go wrong? ","Summary":" These are some drabbles i wrote, planning to make a crossover last samurai / inception. let´s see i"},{"Movie":"Cats Don't Dance","Title":"Wonderfully Made","Author":"Tomocopter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12113379","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sawyer felt the anxious thump-thump-thump in her chest as she sat alone in her doctor's office, the cold sterility of the place doing nothing to relax her. In spite of being the daughter of a doctor, she had never learned to feel comfortable visiting them. Particularly when she was alone. And in a situation such as this. Danny was upstate, filming scenes for is latest movie which couldn't be shot on the Mammoth Studios sound stage, and as result he wasn't contactable for the duration. That wouldn't normally have bothered Sawyer much. That was, until her little monthly reminder failed to arrive. It wasn't that Sawyer didn't like kids. She loved her and Danny's nieces and nephews, and children had always been a part of a vague future plan for their lives. This, however, had not been planned. Sawyer jolted up at the sound of the door slamming, as Dr. Fitzroy walked into the room. Hard faced and serious, he was certainly not the man you wanted to discuss your family planning with. He extended a hand out to her, 'Congratulations, Mrs. Kelly'. Sawyer found herself at home, nursing a coffee she wasn't entirely sure she should be having and trying to untangle the web of emotions she was feeling. Baby. Her and Danny's baby. Her drive home had been made too difficult by the tears blurring her vision, which had forced her to pull to the side of the street, while she bawled for reasons she couldn't quite understand. She had wanted to speak to her mother, to speak to Danny, and neither were an option. She worried about her career. She worried about raising a child so far from either of their families. Most pressingly, she worried about how a woman who never truly had a mother could become one. For the second time that day, Sawyer found herself startled by the sound of a door opening. Standing and walking to their foyer, she found Danny, tired but joyful, bags in each arm. 'Hey you, shooting wrapped early so I just drove straight down to surprise you! No great souvenirs up there, but I grabbed a few little trinkets for the office. Hey, you okay?' Taking in a shuddering breath, Sawyer strode toward him, wrapping her arms around his neck and promptly bursting into tears. In any other version of reality Sawyer would have been mortified to find herself sitting on her husband's lap, sniveling as she bared all to him. Under these circumstances, it was exactly what she needed. Danny pressed a soft kiss to her shoulder, rocking her gently. 'I know you'll be a great mom. Think of how great you are with Todd and Ellie and Annie! You're a natural!' Her breath hitched, 'I don't have any frame of reference Danny. I don't even remember having a mom, how am I supposed to be one?' Danny stood at this, letting Sawyer sit on their couch and allowing him to turn and look her straight in the eyes. 'Listen to me,' he said, leaning so close that their noses brushed, 'You have nothing to worry about. You'll pick it up. So this wasn't in the plan, so what? All that matters is that we love the heck out of this kid! And sweetheart, you've got more love to give than anyone I know.' Sawyer searched his face, looking for any trace of doubt, and finding none. God, could she count on that man to be source of blind optimism when she needed it. Leaning in, she cupped his face in two hands and placed a soft kiss to his lips, only dimly aware of the wet tracks which remained on her face. Pulling back, she smiled at him, 'Flatterer.' 'Meant every word.' She felt his hand slide over her stomach, as though he could something which was only barely there, 'You ready, Dad?' 'Definitely, Mom'.[Chapter 2] 'You'll be giving the child a good Irish name now?' 'You've asked for all the other grandchildren and it hasn't worked yet, Dad.' 'This is the first for Jared, he'll ask for me.' 'The real question is if it'll be baptised in Boston or Kokomo.' 'You're going to make them travel across the country with a newborn?' 'I'm more interested in who the godparents are going to-' Sawyer shut the farmhouse door gently behind her, slipping away from the chaos which was reigning in the Kelly's kitchen. They were all thrilled at the prospect of a new little member of the family and, while Sawyer appreciated it, their enthusiasm became a little overwhelming. She leaned against the back wall of Sean and May's house, taking in a deep breath and listening to the indistinct chatter and squeals of children from within. She adored them, but it could prove too intense for an only child. She smiled, placing a hand over the almost indetectable curve of her lower stomach. She was going to have to get used to this. Panic had quickly given way to excitement, and the enthusiasm from their families had been infectious. Soon, all she could think of was a little girl with her fur and Danny's eyes, or a little boy who shared their love of dance. Baby name books had been her nightly reading. The recent media reaction had been ecstatic, but seeing their news plastered over every Hollywood magazine, with everyone being absolutely ecstatic to hear that the industry's golden couple were going to be parents. The reaction had been entirely positive, but far too much, and so they had decided that a weekend in relative seclusion would be best. 'Were we getting a bit loud?' Sawyer smiled at the soft Irish accent, and motioned for her mother-in-law to come and sit by her, 'I just needed a minute.' 'I had five children, believe me when I say how important it is to get some space whenever you can.' Sawyer lay her head on May's shoulder as she settled down next to her. The two had been close since her and Danny had gotten engaged, and both her and Danny's twin sister had been a fantastic support system for Sawyer in these early months of her pregnancy, always on hand to answer the questions one would normally rely on a mother for. 'Once the baby is bit older you must bring him or her to Kokomoto visit. There'll be plenty of cousins to play with.' 'Believe me, we will. I doubt any of our Hollywood friends will be providing any playmates. And you'll come visit us?' May turned to press a soft kiss to the top of Sawyer's head, 'Seán and I will be on hand to help once the child is born, same as with the other grandchildren.' 'Dad's threatening the same thing.' May turned to smile at her, 'You know, Jared was telling me your mother was a twin. You know I had two sets of them myself, you may want to prepare yourself.' Sawyer laughed, 'I don't think so May' Danny slipped his arms around Sawyer as he lay down behind her, placing soft hands to her stomach, 'They fighting in there again?' She lay a gentle hand over his, 'Nope, just using my organs as a trampoline.' 'Maybe they're bonding.' Sawyer chuckled, trying to ignore the discomfort in her stomach, 'You think we can do this?' 'Absolutely. 100 percent.'[Chapter 3] 'I feel like I'll be pregnant forever.' 'Heh, you might wanna be, you've got to give birth twice.' 'Thanks for the reminder Cranston' Danny and a very heavily pregnant Sawyer had made their way into Mammoth Studios to visit Cranston, Tillie and Wooly on-set. Sawyer had not been able to work in several months, and that in combination with being well past her due date with twins had begun to drive her stir crazy. They figured that a few hours with their friends would be best for her emotional health is nothing else. Tillie gave Cranston a hard slap to the back of the head, which alone was enough to make the others wince, 'Quiet Cranston! Sawyer needs to relax, stress isn't good for the babies!' Sawyer smiled, reaching over to pat Tillie's knee, 'Already mothering your godchild?' 'You don't know what you've got yourselves into picking her' Cranston grumbled, rubbing the sore spot on the back of his head, 'she's just gonna be botherin' ya all the time now.' 'Don't be jealous, Cranston!' Danny grinned, elbowing him, 'I'm all out of brothers, you can be the next in line for godfather!' 'I'm appalled!' Wooly huffed. 'And the way things are going, I wouldn't count on me being pregnant ever again. That would require giving birth.' Sawyer rubbed the small of her back, groaning. Danny reached out, rubbing giving her arm a sympathetic squeeze. 'It should be any day now Sawyer, really'. 'So everyone keeps telling me, but it's been so long and at this point I can't see anything changing- god' Sawyer arched forward at the sudden painful clench in her lower stomach. At that, everyone around her jumped to their feet and ran to her side. 'Are you okay sweetheart? Do you need me to get the car and-' 'I'll call in the doctor and-' 'Will tea help?!' ' Jesus, I didn't mean to set you off or anything!' Sawyer groaned, raising a hand to hush them. 'If one of you could get me to a hospital instead of bickering, that'd be great'. Danny paced up and down the hospital waiting room, gnawing at the claw of his thumb. All of the children in his family had been born in his parents bedroom, his father in there alongside his wife and any woman from the town who had the ability to act as a midwife. Here, that option had not been given, forcing Danny to wait outside the delivery suite and wait. There were few expectant fathers there that morning, most having either gone home to sleep or in to see their new babies. Pudge, Wooly and Tillie had waited with him until midnight before going home themselves to rest, leaving Danny alone. He had never expected birth to take this long, and he hadn't considered how difficult it might be for Sawyer to give birth alone, with no husband or mother to coach her through. She would have no shortage of help and support afterwards, but for now all pressure was on her alone. Danny whipped around at the sound of the hospital doors swinging open behind him, looking expectantly at the smiling nurse in the doorway. 'You've got one of each, Daddy.' ","Summary":" Sawyer felt the anxious thump-thump-thump in her chest as she sat alone in her doctor's office, the"},{"Movie":"Silver Linings Playbook","Title":"Letters To Tommy","Author":"David N. Brown","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9319367","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I'm a longtime contributor to , and have been considering experimenting with a \"straight\" romance. After seeing Silver Linings\" and especially reading the book, I came up with an idea to try out. I have rather mixed feelings about the film, mainly because I'm involved in advocacy related to mental health and I'm still not sure if the storyline was intended to be as hair-raising as I found it to be, but I was quite impressed with the book. This fan fic is intended to be a mix of elements from both, and discusses a real therapy I believe may have influenced the story. The \"backstory\" offered here is simply the kind of outcome that came to my mind watching the film. Pat Peoples sat in the black leather chair in Dr. Cliff Patel's office. He always preferred the brown one, because it was more positive, but he had been happy to relinquish it to Tiffany, his wife of almost one and a half years. They had their chairs scooched together so they could hold hands. Tiff had her other hand on a bulge in her midriff. Dr. Patel sat across from Pat, but he was there primarily to observe. The leader for their session was Tiff's therapist, Dr. Esther Lily, who made Pat think of the heroine of Sylvia Plath's depressing novel. \"Tiffany has told me a great deal about you, Pat,\" Dr. Lily said. \"Dr. Patel has also consulted with me about your case, especially as the two of you have become more involved. In the interest of forthrightness, I must say at the start, Patrick, that I do not share your belief in `happy endings'. From my experience and perspective, for those in your position, there are only stories that have ended badly, and those with bad endings still waiting to happen. The endings I can foresee for you- both of you- are worse than most. \"As matters presently stand, you have both come very close to facing criminal charges on account of each other. Tiffany's offer to place you in contact with your ex-wife, even absent any intention to carry out the bargain in truth, easily qualified as soliciting an illegal act. Her deception was clearly a factor in your final attempt to contact Nikki directly, which placed yourself and others in danger. The only reason you were not prosecuted immediately and to the full extent of the law was because the prosecutor's office was more interested in the possibility of charging Tiffany for your misconduct. In the meantime, certain members of both your families petitioned for legal orders prohibiting the two of you from having any contact with each other. In all likelihood, the only reason none of these developments materialized was that I accepted full responsibility for giving Tiffany the idea.\" Pat straightened up. \"Wait... What, you said I should write to Nikki?\" Dr. Lily frowned. \"Yes, and emphatically no,\" she said. \"I suggested that she talk to you about an exercise we had performed as part of her therapy. She was convinced, and I will not say she was wrong, that you would be unwilling to accept the intended parameters of the activity.\" Tiffany stroked Pat's hand. \"It's like this. If there's someone in your past who hurt you, and you really want to say something even if you can't and shouldn't, then you put it in a letter instead. You aren't supposed to send it to the real person, or even imagine sending it for real. You do it for yourself, for closure, and just to get it out of your system. When I did it, it was to the drunk who killed Tommy. I did a bunch, and Dr. Lily and I read them all together. When she decided I had come far enough, we burned them all. It helped me get out of a really bad place, and we both thought it could work for you if you would try it. The problem was how to get you to do it, when you couldn't get over the idea of seeing Nikki in person. I hoped, if I could just get you writing, it would help you start to move on.\" Pat looked into her teary eyes. \"It did. It really did.\" Dr. Patel spoke: \"We discussed your family planning together, evidently more than Tiffany did with Dr. Lily. I stand by what I told you: Your experiences helping Ronnie and Veronica take care of Emily show that you are more than fit as a parent. You have also waited a reasonable amount of time, which was impressive after the short time you waited to remarry. For the most part, Tiffany has shown herself to be capable. However, there have been certain episodes that clearly present cause for concern.\" \"I get headaches; so what?\" Tiffany said. \"I can't help it if a crying baby is one of the things that sets them off.\" \"We already discussed this, often,\" Dr. Lily said. \"Your headaches are stress-induced migraines. If one particular stimulus has triggered them on multiple occasions, it is a clear indication of an underlying psychiatric problem. I believe that it is related to your feelings about not having children with your first husband. It would appear that these issues are not yet resolved, and the life changes you are going through will certainly make matters worse. What you need is further therapeutic intervention.\" \"Yeah? So what do I do now?\" Tiff said. \"Write a letter that won't get delivered to a drunk-driving paralegal.\" \"No, you have done quite enough with that,\" Dr. Lily said. \"I would remind you that I have repeatedly advised you to discuss the contents of those letters with your husband. In any event, this is not solely an issue of grieving, but one which arose well before Tommy's death. Any therapy should be directed accordingly.\" \"What does that mean?\" Tiff said. \"I think,\" Pat guessed, \"that they want you to try writing to Tommy.\"[Chapter 2] Here's the second chapter of this piece, which I am close to completing at this point. One thing I'll say at this point is that I found Pat as portrayed in the novel to be less intelligent than in the film, and my take is to play up the \"slow\" angle. For writing his lines, I have stuck pretty close to what I would do for a long-running original character who is possibly even more prone to misguided optimism. Dear Tommy, I can't believe I let Pat talk me into this. He's my new husband, we've known each other two years now, and I'll tell you more about him. The kicker is, he offered to deliver it. I'm sure he's going to read it. I just hope he doesn't pretend to be you writing back. Forgery's hard, I would know. I didn't do it well, and he still fell for it. My biggest problem with this is, I never felt sure about the afterlife, and I always figured, if there's anything at all on the other side, why would the people there give a rat's cock what we want to say back here? Still, I think I can manage pretending. If there's anything I want to say, it's that I still miss you SO MUCH. Pat is wonderful, and there are times when I feel happier with him than I did with you. Lately, I don't even feel guilty thinking it. There are so many good things I do with him that we never did. Dancing, which I took up in place of our old self-defense training. Babysitting Veronica's baby girl Emily. Watching clouds. I have even gone to a couple Eagles games. We would never have done all of that, and we weren't doing much of anything toward the end, were we? But mostly, he and you are just different. No matter how much good Pat does for me, he could never give me everything you did, any more than you could have given me everything he does. It's apples and oranges, I guess. Or, I can't help thinking of something cheesy Pat says all the time, Alien and Aliens , which to him means two things that are really good but too different to say which is better. Goddammit, it works. One thing about me and Pat is, he's pretty old-fashioned and a little inhibited about making love. For one thing, he always calls it love-making. Also, he wouldn't do anything until we were married; he said it's what the Bible says, and it would make things special for me. It did, too, though we didn't wait very long. He's still pretty shy. We don't touch each other casually a lot, because he's very sensitive. When he tries to start, he comes to me and says things like, \"I want to,\" or \"Do you want to?\", and I'll tease him, \"Want to what, Pat? Want to what? \" We also set quite a few boundaries. We don't do things that have significance from our previous marriages, which for me includes anything in the dining room. We also don't make love after fights. At first, we actually tried that after every fight, and we had to quit because we ended up fighting too much. Now, one of us will just say, \"Apart time,\" and then we stop talking for a while, and we don't do anything physical through the night. It might sound weird, especially for me, but there's an equilibrium you and I never got to, and I like it. Another thing about Pat is that he loves kids, and they love him. He adores Emily, and that was enough to convince him he wanted some for himself, even before he wanted me. I talked him into keeping that off the table till our first anniversary, and made out like I needed the time to think about it, but there was never any doubt in my mind what I wanted. Now I'm finally going to be a mother, and I'm very happy about it. I'm taking good care of myself for the baby, and for Pat, I'm even trying to give up the f-word, though I think it's effin' ridiculous. I would like to think we would have gotten here, if we'd had the time. But the fact is, I did think about it a lot, and I just couldn't ever see you rising to the occasion. You were great at being buddies with the high school kids, and I suppose that was what got you thinking about it. But we both knew it would take a lot more than that to raise our own kids. Now, I can see that's the real reason I kept saying no. It helps to be able to think about these things now, but it doesn't really fix how I feel. I still remember the last morning, I can't help thinking of it as our last fight, even if we didn't raise our voices. I still see you, every day, not even getting mad, but just looking sadder and sadder, and so quiet I can't even tell if you're registering what I'm saying. That memory still tears my heart out, more than being told you were dying, even more than when your buddies stopped me from seeing you. I can't stop thinking, you died believing I was never going to give you a son, and maybe didn't even want you anymore. I can't help feeling, it's my fault you're gone, and if there's anywhere to go, you must hate me. If you're there, I'm sorry for laying this on you, but it's what I feel and I need to say it. And I guess I need to apologize for what I said at the start. I don't know what happens over there, but I know you. You always cared about me, you always cared about people period, and nothing could ever change that. So if you're out there at all, I know you still care, and you want the best for me. That's why I'm doing this, for you and for me. Love always, Tiffy[Chapter 3] Pat and Tiffany were in another session together, but this time Cliff was presiding alone. \"So, Patrick,\" he said, \"did you do your assignment?\" Pat nodded and smiled. \"What?\" said Tiffany suspiciously. \"What was your assignment?\" \"Actually, we did it together,\" Pat said. \"Remember, the movie?\" \"Oh my effin' god,\" Tiff said, \"you told him to watch The Thing ? That's a horrible movie! I don't mean horrifying, either, just horrible!\" \"The film is suited to certain tastes, and I would not have recommended it for you,\" Cliff said. \"But for Pat, I felt it would be in line with his interests, while offering a little more substance. What did you think of the film, Pat?\" \"Oh, it was a great movie,\" he answered enthusiastically. \"Kurt Russell was great, everybody else was great, and the monster was great. But what I really liked was that it had a good message. At first, they're so afraid, and all the Thing has to do to win is trick them into fighting each other. But when they start working together, and trusting each other, they find a way to beat the Thing.\" \"Yeah, and they still all effin' die!\" Tiffany interjected. \"No they don't,\" Pat said. \"Kurt's still alive at the end, and that cool black guy, just sitting by the fire being friends again. That was a happy ending. All good movies have happy endings.\" \"Did we watch the same movie? They're in Antarctica, and the fire's their blown-up base! What do you think was supposed to happen after that? The fire goes out, and they freeze to death, assuming one of them isn't a Thing, the effin' end!\" \"The ending was meant to be ambiguous, which is why I considered the film good for Pat to watch,\" Cliff said. \"If you were telling the story, Pat, what would you say happens?\" \"Well, people from some other base could have come to help when they saw the fires,\" Pat said. \"That would be a great happy ending. But… I don't think I would tell it like that. The way it does end, they know there's a chance somebody could come to save them. But, like Kurt says, maybe it's better if they don't get out, because then there's no way the Thing can get out. So, instead of being afraid or fighting, they sit down and wait for whatever happens next, because they know it will work out for the best. It's not my idea of a happy ending, but maybe it's the best ending.\" \"I do believe you are improving, Pat,\" Cliff said. \"What about you, Tiffany? Dr. Lily says you told her you wrote the letter, but have not shared it with her. She does not wish you to feel that you have to share it with her, but you gave her the impression that you were being evasive.\" \"I did write the letter,\" Tiffany said. \"What I didn't tell her is, I gave it to Pat.\" \"I see,\" Cliff said. \"Pat, have you read it?\" Pat shrugged. \"No. It's wrong to read other people's mail.\" \"I see. I trust, then, that you have taken care to hold the letter for safekeeping, as you should. That will be enough for today's session.\" As they left, Tiffany said, \"Okay, I didn't say anything,\" she said. She reached into her pocket and pulled out a paper rectangle. \"Still, I have to say, this is insulting.\" It was an unopened envelope, marked: To Tiffany. From Tommy.[Chapter 4] Dearest Tiffany, I was deeply moved that you wrote your letter to me, and I was able to make arrangements to write back. I regret that I will not be able to tell you about where I am now. It seems that there are certain rules about how much we can say, and it is very hard to explain things. It seems to me it would be better for you to ask you to trust that it is a good place. The fact that you would write to me is a good sign that you are already on the way there. I feel that, if this correspondence is to continue, it would be best if you did not say too much about Pat, especially the details of your physical relationship. Again, rules. That said, I am very happy for you, and for him, and especially for your coming little one. Believe me when I say you will all make each other very happy, more than I could have. The most important thing I want you to know is that when we come over here, we do not forget, or stop caring. The only thing we lose is the things that stop people from seeing things clearly over there. There is no more anger or hate over here. We can still be sad, but it's only a good kind of sadness. When you blame yourself for what you did or didn't do on that day, that is the bad kind of sadness, and I wish nothing more than to see you free of it. The good sadness is how you feel when you wish something had happened differently, but at the same time you know it really couldn't have and wouldn't have made a difference. That is what we have over here, and that is how I feel about the day I died. What happened that day wasn't about what happened that morning. It was about what had been happening for weeks, and months, and years. You wouldn't have said what you did if we hadn't already had problems, and I wouldn't have did what I did if you hadn't said a lot that I already knew. I was sorry even then for leaving without saying something, but I could see even then that the only good thing to do was go to work and give you time to think, the way I always did when we had trouble. If I had had any better ideas, then maybe we would not have had the problems we did. Then again, maybe you would have gotten sick of me and walked out by our first anniversary. Even over here, you can never be sure what could have been. I am sorry that the memory of my friends keeping you out of my room has caused you pain. Please do not hold it against them. If you had seen me then, you would not have seen the man you married. I couldn't talk, I could hardly move, I could hardly think, but when Jonny said, \"Tiffy's coming!\" I did enough for everyone to know what to do. After that morning, I could not let my pain add to yours. Since I'm bending the rules as it is, I can't promise I can keep writing to you. Please wait to write again until you are sure it will help you. If I am able to write back, wait to read it. With more love than you can know, Tommy PS. I always knew you hated it when we called you \"Tiffy\". Please don't start trying to fool me now. Tiffany thrust the letter in Pat's face. \"You wrote this, didn't you?\" she accused. \"No I didn't,\" Pat said, averting his eyes. \"It's typed.\" \"What did you do, talk to Tommy's old buddies at the station?\" Tiffany continued. Pat responded by closing his eyes and humming. \"Don't play dumb with me, I know how you write letters, and by the way, you su-\" She took one more look at the letter. \"You didn't write this. There's no way you could write this.\" \"I wouldn't know,\" Pat said as he walked away. \"I haven't read it.\" An after note: This chapter reflects a lot of my personal philosophy and approach to writing and characters. I have always especially been attracted to the idea that people, for better or worse, don't really change with their situations, but only show themselves by how they react, which is certainly a very different outlook from Pat's. If this seems a bit darker, the rest of the story (which I have finished and plan to \"lock down\" at this point) pushes things a lot further. I also have to admit, for all my griping about whether the SLP movie takes mental illness seriously enough, that I enjoyed writing it that way. I suppose there are a lot of things that I don't mind being open or even laughing about because it feels close enough to me.[Chapter 5] It was another joint session, this time with Dr. Lily. \"I understand Dr. Patel has recommended Pat watch movies as a form of therapy,\" the therapist said. Tiffany rolled her eyes. \"I believe this is a very good idea. Tiffany, you should participate, and discuss films with him. Patel tells me you declined to watch Casablanca , which I would consider to your tastes.\" \" Casablanca 's the most overrated film ever,\" Tiffany said. \"I mean, it's okay, and maybe good for its time, but c'mon, the only reason guys watch it is because they think it will sweeten up their girlfriends, and the only reason their girlfriends watch it is to humor the guys.\" \" Casablanca 's a good movie,\" Pat said. \"It has a happy ending.\" \"Really?\" said Dr. Lily. \"So you don't think it was bad that Rick sent Ilsa away?\" \"It made them sad, but Ilsa was married,\" Pat said. \"Rick showed her that it wasn't right to leave her marriage, which is good. So it's a happy ending. All good movies have happy endings.\" \"Excuse me, I have something to say,\" Tiffany said. \"He's already made me sit through every supposed feel-good eighties guy movie he can get his hands on, including the ones made in the seventies, and I have a question. Pat, you keep telling me they're all good because they have `happy endings'. So, what would you say are the best Rocky movie, the best Star Wars movie and the best Star Trek movie?\" Pat answered without hesitation: \"The first Rocky , Empire Strikes Back , and Wrath of Kahn .\" \"All right, then… How do those movies end?\" Tiffany asked rhetorically. \"Rocky loses. Darth Vader wins. Spock effin' dies. Where's the happy endings there? The screen writers might as well have come out and said, `Life sucks, and death bites!'\" Pat gave her a look she hated, a little sad but mostly confused. Then something strange and strong seemed to rise to the surface. \"But that's missing the point!\" he said with his usual fervor and a hint of uncharacteristic eloquence. \"Sure, the bad things happen, but there's good too, and even the bad isn't as bad as it could be. Rocky can't beat Apollo Creed, but he keeps getting up, and in the end, the people cheer for him because he didn't give up. The Rebels can't take on Darth Vader. He has that great big ship, without a weak spot like the Death Star, and all those destroyers that are still huge, and the walkers, the TIE fighters, and Boba Fett. The best they can do is run, and even then the Empire catches up to them, all because what Vader really cares about is bringing Luke to the Dark Side. But then, when his super ship is bearing down on the Falcon , he loses the one thing that matters, all because little R2D2 fixes the hyperdrive! And Spock, he saves the Enterprise , and then Captain Kirk sees how much he really cared about everyone, even if he seemed like he was all cold and logical. That's why the movies are so good: They make you look for the silver lining.\" Oh my god, Tiffany thought as she looked into Pat's eyes, he really believes it. \"You have a good point,\" Dr. Lily said. \"The stories which make the greatest emotional impact are those where the outcome is mixed. The protagonists, and through them the audience, are forced to face hardship, loss and inadequacy, but they are able to endure nobly, and win enough small victories to hope to do better another day.\" \"Right!\" Pat said. \"Like when the Rebels win in Return of the Jedi , or when Spock comes back to life in Trek III. Though Jedi wasn't as good, and Search for Spock kinda stunk. But that was okay, because Voyage Home had the whales, and that one was almost as good as Kahn . The good Treks were always even numbers. Until Nemesis ; that was even and it still really stunk.\" \"I believe you are showing improvement and maturity,\" Dr. Lily said at the conclusion of the session. \"I would like to assign you another movie to watch together.\" It was Pet Semetary . As the credits rolled and the Ramones played the title song, Pat was in tears. Normally, Tiffany would have teased him, but this was clearly a bit much. \"What is it? Is it too much?\" she queried. He shook his head back and forth. \"It's just- so sad!\" he blubbered. \"I mean, the guy loses his baby boy, and that's terrible, but he still has his wife, and their little girl, and his best friend. But instead of loving the people he has left, all he thinks about is bringing his son back to life, even when he should know the cemetery is bad. Then he does lose everything, and he makes all the people who love him suffer, and he still hasn't learned!\" Tiffany cupped his head in her hands and lifted his eyes to hers. \"It's not a happy ending kind of story, it's a lesson kind of story, like we talked about.\" \"Then what's the lesson? He loses his family, and his friend, and it's not because he did anything wrong, it's just that he couldn't let go of someone he loved!\" Tiffany's gaze became a little more intent. \"And… I was him. Right?\" Tiffany smiled. \"See, even sad endings can be good.\" As they hustled to bed, Pat paused to riffle through the novel. \"Hey, look, in the book, Dr. Creed doesn't die,\" he said, pointing to the last page. \"The book doesn't say he dies.\" Tiffany took a look. \"All right, so, if we go by the end of the book, then it looks like either he's about to die, or he's going to spend the night with a walking corpse.\" \"Oh. That doesn't sound good, either.\" \"Yeah,\" Tiffany said, \"maybe dead is better.\" Pat happily threw the book aside and reached for Tiffany, but a troubled look crossed her face as she reached for the light. This is the halfway point for this story. Incidentally, I would not call myself a fan of Stephen King, but I consider Pet Semetary and Rose Madder to be the best of his novels that I have read, and I like the film version of the former better than any other adaptation of his work I have seen. (Yes, I am knocking Kubrick.) The last paragraph or so of this chapter was a last addition before posting (must... stop... revising...) and represents a capsule of my idea for a fan fic. If anybody wants it, you can have it.[Chapter 6] After Pat was very sound asleep, Tiffany ventured back to the dining room. She sat down at the dining room table she had kept with her since Tommy, though it was much too big for the space in the guest house. She slapped a piece of paper and began to scrawl half-legible and mostly unprintable comments to the author of the epistle Pat had delivered. The pencil lead snapped twice before she had finished half a page, which was when she gouged right through the paper. For a moment, she lifted the paper and stared with a look approaching horror at the gray mark on the table. She quickly applied a little spit, and the mark quickly faded. She placed her hands flat on the table and took long, deep breaths for several minutes. Then she took out a piece of paper and a pen, and began to write: Tommy, When I received a letter in your name, there were moments when my heart lifted. There were many things I could believe you would say, and I needed to hear very much. Then I read things I did not know, and you would, which I later verified. I know Pat didn't do it himself, I don't know who did, and at this point, I don't really care. All I want to say is, whatever is going on here, it must stop . It makes sense that there would be rules against people over there talking to people over here. I can say from experience, it is not a nice experience to feel like we're talking, even if I don't believe it is really you. If this was someone's idea of payback for tricking Pat, then fine, mission accomplished. Enough. But, it's not. Pat and I watched Pet Semetary tonight, and it actually made him cry because he felt for the guy so much. I just thought he was an idiot, but I am the same way. As long as this line is open, I cannot bring myself to let it go. I keep wanting to talk to you, Tommy, even though I know it will hurt me and I know you are not really there. So I am going to pretend one more time, and say something nobody else but my therapist knows. Tommy, you know how good I was at self-defense training. I have not done a proper work-out in more than a year, though I have tried practicing basic moves with Pat. All he has learned is that I can wipe the floor with him. Sometimes, he asks me why I gave the training up. At first, I told him the same thing I told my friends, because it brought back too many memories, which was true enough. Later, I said that all the kicks and punches bring out too much negative emotion, which was getting close. What I have never told anyone is that I was scared of what I wanted to do. Tommy, the drunk who killed you is still out there. They caught him, but he wasn't just rich enough to pay for a good defense, he was a high-powered lawyer himself. He was caught stone cold, but he got a breathalyzer test thrown out, he made the witnesses' testimony looked like a telephone game, and he even had the balls to say you were careless for standing too far from the side of the road! In the end, he pled out to a year, and got out for good behavior in six months. Good behavior, after he never even slowed down! That was when I really went into a downward spiral. I wanted you back, and I had already done a lot of bad things just so I could close my eyes and pretend I was with you again. But when Jonny told me he was out, it all came down. If the man who killed you was back on the streets, then you were gone and never coming back. I got so twisted around, I felt like there was only one thing to do. I found where he lived and worked, mostly from your friends. Then I started thinking what to do. Later, I wrote it down in letters addressed to him, that only my therapist ever saw. I wrote to him that I was going to kill him. I was not just going to kill him, I was going to do everything to his body that his car did to you with nothing but my own hands and feet. I was going to make every second he was dying seemed like hours, and it was going to take hours. I wrote out exactly how I was going to do it, one compound fracture at a time. I told him that was going to be for what he did to you. But first, for what he did to me, for taking you from me, for taking away the chance to give you a son, I was going to have to do something much worse, so terrible even I hated it, but I would do it just the same. I was going to kill his kid, right in front of him. Tommy, wherever you are, please forgive me for wanting to do this for you. And someone, anyone, please help me, because I am afraid. The baby will be here any day, and I am getting more headaches. The headaches make me want to kick and punch again, and sometimes I catch myself wanting the headaches. I am afraid I am really going to hurt someone. If it ever came to that, Pat could never defend himself against me. I doubt if he could ever match me, but when I try to get him to practice with me, he will not even try. Sometimes, all he does is stand there and let me rough him up. He is actually happy knowing he would not stand a chance, because he hurt someone in one of his own episodes, and he is afraid of hurting me. It does not seem to register that I might try to hurt him, and the baby too. The one time I tried to tell him this, he said something that scares me even more. I told him I could have an episode of my own, and he smiled and said, \"If anything happens, I take the blame. The worst they will do to me is send me back to the bad place.\" I said to him, \"But you said you would rather be dead than back there.\" He said, \"I would rather go there than hurt you.\" I am so afraid. I feel so alone. Someone, anyone, please help. Tiffany At 2 AM, Patrick came out and found his wife slumped across the table. One hand clutched a sealed envelope.[Chapter 7] More than twenty people came over for Pat and Tiffany's second anniversary party, held in the downstairs dance studio. It doubled as an opportunity to display their baby girl, Mary Jasmine. Pat Sr threatened to monopolize MJ, but her grandmother made sure she was passed around equitably, to Danny, Ronnie, and even Emily, who was not that little anymore. \"You look like an angel,\" the elder Pat said as he took back MJ. In the corner of his eye, he made sure Tiffany was in earshot. \"Just like your mother…\" \"She looks like Patrick Stewart,\" Pat said. \"They all look like little Patrick Stewarts.\" The party went from lunchtime well into the evening. MJ was retired to bed long before the end, and Tiffany made frequent trips upstairs to look in on her. The party dispersed when Tiffany came down and said, \"Thanks to all of you for coming. Please go now.\" Danny and Ronnie stayed long enough to help Pat clean up. Tiffany disappeared back upstairs. When Pat heard MJ start to cry, he thanked them both and showed them out. He went quietly up the stairs, listening carefully. Tiffany was talking to the baby; no, she was shouting. By the time he jogged to the bedroom door, she was screaming, \"SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT THE-\" She fell abruptly silent as the door opened. MJ grew a little quieter. Tiffany was holding the baby at arms' length. It looked like MJ was shaking, but it was only the trembling of her mother's hands. Pat scooped the baby from her hands and soon soothed her. Tiffany retreated to the kitchen. Pat followed shortly. Without looking up, Tiffany pushed back a chair, and Pat knew immediately that it was not an invitation to sit. When Tiffany looked over her shoulder, she saw MJ still in his arms. \"Apart time,\" he said with a shake of his head, and retreated to the baby's room. When he emerged some time later empty-handed, Tiffany was waiting. The pair stood at arm's length on their dance floor. Tiffany raised both hands, and Pat took hold of her below the wrists. \"I'm Rocky,\" he said. \"I'm Nikki,\" she answered. When there was no sign of anger in his face, she slapped him, without quite pulling free of his grip. She did it again and again, swearing hoarsely. He held his pose, even when she punched him in place of a slap. \"So you're Rocky? Then hiit mee!\" She punched twice more, and then gave him a high kick right in the chin. Patrick dropped straight to the padded floor. \"So I'm not Nikki,\" Tiffany said, stepping astride her husband. \"I'm much worse. I'm the psycho sailormouth slut who learned hand-to-hand from a cop and gets homicidal impulses when she has a headache, and you married me, you crazy stupid bastard! You said till death do us part, and now I'm going to kill you, and then I'm going upstairs to our sweet baby girl and WHAT DO YOU THINK HAPPENS AFTER THAT? \" Pat swept her off her feet with a roundhouse kick. \"I never hit Nikki, even when I was ready to kill for what she did, and I'm never going to hit you,\" he said, pinning her against the mat. \"I'm Luke Skywalker. I won't fight you. I won't let myself go to the Dark Side.\" \"Then you are going to die!\" Tiffany snarled. She struggled to extricate herself, but wasn't making headway. He actually had her quite thoroughly pinned, with his legs wrapped tightly round hers. \"You found one good move, but you can't hold it forever. This is real. Life is not a movie! \" \"My life is my movie, and as long as I make my own choices, it's my script,\" he said. \"Now listen to me. You got mad at Mary Jasmine, and scared her, and that's bad. But you didn't hurt her, and you didn't try to. Even with your migraine going full blast, you didn't so much as shake her. As far as I'm concerned, that means you aren't going to hurt her.\" She stopped struggling, and after a while, she embraced him and kissed his chest. He firmly pushed her away. \"It's apart time. We need apart time, or we could start enjoying this too much again. Love you.\" They kissed chastely, and then Pat went to a prop closet and pulled out a sleeping bag, while Tiffany ran upstairs. She threw open one drawer after another, until she found what she wanted under strata of bills and receipts. It was a sealed envelope, marked, \"To Tiffany, from Tommy. Open when needed.\"[Chapter 8] I was planning on holding to this a little longer, but I decided it would be worth posting again today. Incidentally, I have tried to do a little at this point to harmonize the film and the book at this point, and I also decided I should let Tiffany be herself a little. There will be more tomorrow, and a little extra for later... Tiffany, I am very sorry you were upset by my previous letter. This one will be the last. Yes, there are rules for a reason, and those who break them often regret it. If that is the only thing you learn, it will be enough to make our correspondence worthwhile. I am very sad that you felt that my death would justify murder. But you must not dwell on regret. Just by talking about it with your therapist and now with me, you have freed yourself. Remember that, even in your darkest hours, you gave up that path, simply because you knew it was wrong. Do you think you cannot do the same, when you are so much better and have so much more to lose- and not just you, but your new family, too? I cannot say much more, though there is so much I would like to. I always loved you, Tiffany. I still do, and always will. And remember why you loved me: Because I was the kind of husband who would go off work early just to get a gift for my wife. Because I was the kind of cop who would stand beside a car to keep a stranded old lady company, even after the brass threatened to reprimand me if I kept putting myself in the way of traffic. If, on that day, I had simply did my time and made the straight shot home, it would have been worse than anything that happened to me, because I would have known I chose not to be the man you fell in love with, your boy who would rent Casablanca without a date just to talk to the cute girl at the counter , and I would have known you knew it too. Now, I am afraid I must tell you to do something that will be hard, even if it seems easy now. You must give these letters to Pat, and tell him to return them. He will know what to do. The words we have exchanged were not meant to be said in this world, and this is the only way to balance things out. However, there is one thing you may keep, if you accept a mission. There will be a second piece of paper in this envelope, only a scrap, with an address. You may keep it, and when you are ready, go to where it tells you. Do not try to learn what is there, or find some reason why you are being sent. Only go, knock on the door, and say that a friend of Tommy Wheeler sent you. Always and forever, your Bogie, Tommy PS. I beg you, please, buy a new dinner table . Ours is too big for your place, and we put it through enough. Tiffany stared at the letter. Then she went tearing through the closets. Finally she found what she wanted, in a paperback mystery at the bottom of a box in the furthest corner of the dustiest storeroom. It was a receipt for a video rental, covered by protective lamination that was itself worn and peeling. On it was written in pen the name her maiden name and her parents' phone number. She looked more closely at the badly faded thermal printing. There was a date circled in pen, and just legible. It was ten years to the day from the day Tommy died. Tiffany's scream rang through the house. She crouched at the table, clutching at the familiar reality of the wood while she stared alternately at the letter and the receipt. \"It was our anniversary,\" she said aloud. \"Not our wedding anniversary, but the anniversary of the day we met. Of course, Tommy always remembered, and he always had to remind me. He would bring me these nice gifts, and I would say, What's this for, Tommy? And then he would tell me, and even show me this receipt… He planned to go to the mall all along. It was our tenth anniversary… Oh my god… Did he think I started the talk that morning because I finally remembered?\" She threw back her head and screamed again, this time in a cry to the heavens: \"WHAT THE FUCK?! WHO THE FUCK IS DOING THIS AND WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU TRYING TO DO TO ME? \" She wanted to collapse in sobs. She wanted to go downstairs and make love to Pat, or kill him, or preferably both. She wanted to go to the medicine cabinet and take all the pills. Instead, she fished in the envelope and pulled out a scrap of paper.[Chapter 9] Tiffany was out for her morning run, with MJ bouncing happily in her carrier in front. Pat was at work at the grocery store. It was a spontaneous whim that made her turn down the street, yet somehow it felt like the hand of fate. She slowed to a jog and then a brisk walk, partly because of the distance and partly because MJ had already grown quite a bit. The streets became narrower, the sidewalks cracked and buckled, and the houses small and run-down. It occurred to her that if certain people knew about her being here with MJ, they might make a child endangerment complaint. She would not have gone anywhere near this neighborhood after dark, and even in daylight she was more than a little nervous, especially with MJ along. Yet, it was MJ that gave her the confidence to keep going. After all, Danny always said that even the hard-core gangsters would never mess with a kid, and they would go hard core on any thug who did. Finally, she came to the address. It was in a tucked-away stretch where the houses were old but generally well-maintained. This house, however, had filthy windows and a massively overgrown lawn. Several days of newspapers lay on the porch, and a mailbox was badly overstuffed. Tiffany stood at the end of the walk. She felt a headache coming. Tiffany forced herself forward, straight into a jog. She covered the distance in a few skipping strides and stopped. The headache was on. She was sure she saw a hint of motion in a curtain behind the shuttered windows. After several minutes, she took the last few steps, and after another pause, rang the doorbell. It was some time before a door cracked open. An old woman's quavering voice said, \"What do you want?\" Tiffany struggled to speak, and the door started to close before she said, \"A friend of Tommy Wheeler sent me!\" There was more silence. \"Look, I don't know what this place is, I don't know who you are, I don't know why I'm here, I don't even know who wanted me to come! But someone wanted me here, so please don't shut that door!\" \"I only know of one Tommy Wheeler,\" the old woman answered. \"I met him once. He stopped to help me when my car broke down. He called a tow truck, and stayed with me to talk. Then a BMW broke him in half.\" \"Oh god…\" Suddenly, the migraine was gone. \"What did he talk about?\" \"He said he was in the neighborhood, because he went to the mall to buy an anniversary gift for his wife. He was getting out his wallet to show me a picture, when...\" After a pause, the old woman said, \"Who are you?\" Tiffany wanted to pour out everything. A vision played before her of going inside, and spending all day telling this stranger about Tommy, and holding each other while they cried. In any movie, that would be the perfect happy ending- but then, life wasn't a movie. \"It doesn't matter,\" Tiffany said. \"All that matters is that someone sent me here to give you a message. I think the message is, that Tommy was a wonderful, caring man. He always wanted to help people, and if he had known he would die helping you, he wouldn't have changed a thing. And he wouldn't want you to be sad, or angry, or hide from anything that's good just because of what happened to him.\" \"Go,\" the old woman said. Tiffany nodded and turned away. As she stepped down from the porch, she heard the words that were barely a whisper, \"Thank you.\" Then the door shut. This is what I envisioned as the end of Tiffany's story, and it's the kind of ending I like. Which should leave you readers/ innocent bystanders wondering, do I like leaving loose ends enough not to answer the BIG question?[Chapter 10] No house would have been big enough to hold Mary Jasmine's first birthday party. More than two hundred people gathered in a park, including a score of off-duty police officers and fifty Indian football fans, and there was not a one who was just as excited to celebrate the life of the mother and father. Pat was happily telling Dr. Lily and Dr. Patel about the latest movie he and Tiffany had watched together. \"The Maltese Ending is great. Bogie's great, Peter Lorre's great, and I thought the ending was great,\" he said. \"I mean, when it turns out the Falcon's fake, it seems like a bad ending, because all those bad things happened for nothing. But that's really the lesson. They were so eager to get what they thought they wanted that they didn't think to make sure they knew what they were really after.\" He put an arm around Tiffany. \"Then that got me thinking, maybe there's a better kind of ending, only, you might need to tell the whole story differently to get there. Like, suppose it was Sam's girl who hired him, and he went along because he still had feelings for her, and he knows she came to him because she still feels the same. Then at the end, they realize that looking for the Falcon was just distracting them from what really matters, which is each other. So Bogie just throws the thing away, and they go off to talk, and maybe they get back together and maybe they don't, but the important thing is that they settle it, one way or another. Then here's what would make it really great: When they do that last shot of the Falcon, showing the lead where they cut up the resin, the camera zooms a little closer. Then you see that there's a nick in the lead, and under that , there's a bright, shiny jewel…\" Pat, Senior was holding his granddaughter in his lap when a burly, grizzly old cop sat down beside him. On introduction, the cop said, \"Call me Jonny.\" After a pause, he said, \"Beautiful baby girl.\" \"She got her mother's looks,\" the elder Pat said. \"So, how about those Eagles…?\" After some jawing, Jonny said, \"You know, not too long ago, we had a bit of a weird situation with Tiffy. A little over a year ago, she started coming by the station, which was great, except we could tell it was because something had got her upset. She kept asking if anyone had been talking about her first husband, Tommy, and she asked me about a couple things she seemed to think were really important. I didn't quite come out and say it, but there was nothin' there that everybody doesn't know 'bout Tommy, including the rookies who never met him. Still, it was enough to get us asking around among ourselves, and it came out that there was a guy who had been asking about Tommy, mostly in the sports bars. From what we found out, he really was trying to get the right bits and pieces without leaving an impression. He was pretty good at it, too. He would go up to two or three of our guys at a time, talk a bit about the Eagles, then ask a question or just mention something that get them talking. The only thing anyone really remembered was that he was old, sixty at least, and he wore an Eagles hat from way back in the day. Our people noticed the hat because it was pretty worn out, and he kept it pulled down.\" \"You don't say,\" the elder Pat said. \"Then there was one more thing, which was actually what really got us wondering if something was going on. 'Bout six months ago, there was a report that Tommy's grave was vandalized. But as far as we could tell, all that really happened was that somebody came in after hours and burned some papers in front of his headstone.\" \"Huh,\" said Pat, Sr. \"Did you get anything off the papers?\" \"Well, the guy who found them said that some were hand-written, and some were typed, not with a computer but a real type writer,\" Jonny said. \"Apparently, they fell apart while he was putting out the fire.\" \"I see,\" Pat said. \"Just as well, I suppose. Probably just a couple people, looking for closure.\" He adjusted his cap. The logo was an eagle with spread wings, not the new profile of the head, and the edge of the bill was mostly frayed cardboard. \"So, what do you think of the draft picks this year?...\" Thanks to everyone for staying with me through this experiment. Feedback is welcome, and I would be especially interested in whether anyone guessed the ending(s) in advance. While I'm wrapping this up, I'll plug a few things for anybody who is interested in what I usually write: \"Shoe Shopping\" and \"Thing Vs. Exotroopers\", posted here at ; \"Conversations With O'Cleary\", a non-fiction piece I have posted in several places; and \"Zed Fights A Girl!\" on my \"Exotroopers\" blog, which represents a vignette for an all-original project idea that I felt jump-starting a bit while I was writing this story. Thanks again for reading! ","Summary":" I'm a longtime contributor to , and have been considering experimenting with a \"straight\" romance"},{"Movie":"Silver Linings Playbook","Title":"I'll Walk This Road With You","Author":"BlueAaro","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9079127","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I'll Walk This Road With You Authors Note: Hey everyone! I'm back again. To all of you that read my first story (Her Silver Lining ) thanks! I appreciate your reviews and positive feedback :) I am now writing a sequel- thanks to a fan of my first story, girl fictioner, thanks for putting the idea of a sequel in my head— I hope you all like it and I have an awesome idea for this story. There is a lot that will happen within this story so PLEASE read and REVIEW! it will give me inspiration to keep going! Thanks so much OH and most importantly I do NOT OWN any of the characters! Chapter 1: It was one of those perfect days in Upper Darby, PA. The air was cool and crisp and the sun shone brightly. I was smiling to myself as I walked the quiet neighborhood Pat and I had moved into last month. Our house was little but perfect for just the two of us. I remember the day we were trying to find a place to rent. None of them were right, either to fucking expensive or there was \"a catch\" with the rental agreements. Pat and I had given up for the day when we took a shortcut through a neighborhood on the way back and I spotted a one-story brick house with a gorgeous tree in the front yard. In reality it wasn't, it was oddly shaped and bent every which way. \"That tree is by far the ugliest I've seen.\" Pat said simply. I ignored him. The very next day we had signed the lease and rented the house with the ugly tree, which we found out from our real estate agent, was a cherry blossom. So here I stood across the street looking at that tree and our new place right behind and feeling more than happy, I was exuberant. I did miss my dance studio over at my parent's but they were only 40 minutes away including traffic time. Pat's parents were more than gleeful when he'd told them we had at last found a place. Pat promised me when we had enough money saved up we would buy a place instead of rent and he would also build me a dance studio. Pat had gotten a position as a history teacher in a nearby high school and things were actually becoming normal, as far as normal will ever be for Pat and myself. We will always have our crazy and love each other for it. I hadn't found many ways to occupy my time yet, now that Pat was gone during the day Monday though Friday I had been busy arranging things in the house and even going back home in the day to practice some new dance choreographies. Veronica would ask me to lunch every other Wednesday and I would go only to prove to her that I'd grown past the \"I hate you\" stage. I needed to start looking for a job but I sure as hell wasn't going to work somewhere I didn't want to. I'd had enough of the daily bullshit, working with people that would know me as \"Tommy's whore\" . I wanted more than anything to start teaching dance and hold my own classes, but that required connections and money most people wouldn't want to spend, at least until I was well known and an established instructor. I'd seen an ad for a ballet instructor for girls ranging from ages 6-9. I was going to call the woman tomorrow morning. The sun was setting in the distance, disappearing over the neighboring houses roofs and splitting into soft colors of orange and red. Pat would be home soon and we'd go for our evening run. I heard the keys on the counter and the door close. I smiled and peeked out from the bedroom as I reached above my head pulling my long black hair into a ponytail. Pat came around the corner and stood a few feet away. We just stared at each other and it didn't take much for us to smile when we saw each other. \"Hi stranger.\" He said as his smile vanished and he walked over to me. I felt his strong warm hands rest on my hips. \"hi.\" I say kissing him gently. He began trailing soft kisses up my neck. I got goosebumps and pushed him back against the wall. He grunted and looked at me that way he did when he was a little surprised but all too ready. I kissed him fully on the mouth with powerful force before standing back and licking my lips teasingly. His eyebrow raised and he took a step towards me. I turned on my heels in one swift motion and ran out the door. All he saw was a blur of black shorts and red running shoes. Pat was always game. He took off his collared shirt and jeans and was in his sweats, black sweatshirt and Nike's within a minute before he ran out the door after her. I had laughed rather hysterically when I'd run 4 blocks and he still hadn't caught up, of course I cheated and took short cuts, weaving in and out of streets. I headed towards the park that was nearby our neighborhood. I felt his presence before I saw him in my peripheral vision. He was running to my left and then in an instant had past me. We didn't say a word to each other, just kept running. I didn't let it bother me that'd he past me. I'd find a way to catch him. Pat swiped to the left and out onto the streets and I followed. By the time we'd returned home it was dusk and the street lamps were lit. We went inside ate dinner and sat on the couch after Pat made a fire in the fireplace. The rock station was playing quietly in the background as the fire crackled and I lay in his arms. He was holding a book above me and I watched his eyes move in left to right motions. \"So serious…\" I say playfully reaching up and touching his jaw with my finger. \"So silly…\" he says looking down at me a smirk on his face. Before I can retort he bends down and raises me up to him. His lips are warm and his mouth inviting…I am easily carried away. I sit up and turn around wrapping my legs around him; he reaches under my shirt his hands feel like sheets of ice. \"Fuck! Why are your hands so damn cold?!\" I shout. \"So I can make you squirm.\" He says as if it were the most obvious answer. I start to laugh as he reaches up further bringing his hands between my shoulder blades…my whole body feels cradled against him. His fingertips move in slow circular motions as he massages my lips with his and once in awhile pulls back just so we can stare into each others eyes…the emotions we both get when we do that is more powerful than any motion or expression of words fathomable. It's electric when I touch Pat; he's more than I could have ever hoped to have in my life. \"I love you.\" I whisper, bringing my lips to his ear, biting it aggressively. He cringes. And then replies \"I know.\" …I pull back my eyebrow raised giving him my \"You better back up and reword that statement\" kinda look. He smiles and a laugh escapes. \"You know… I do that every time just to see you get your engines fired up.\" He says still chuckling.. \"I don't give a fuck what you might think is a good reason for doing that.\" I say still a bit annoyed. Before I can pull back he grabs me. \"Hey now…I love you.\" He says his voice lowering when he hits the \"you.\" Godamnit I chide myself, my heart melts every time. We sit on the couch for another hour, Pat returns to his book and I lay dozing in and out of sleep. \"Hey…beautiful.\" I hear Pat's deep voice in my dreams. I slowly open my eyes. He's just staring at me. I blink. For a moment, I thought he was studying my face. But when I blinked again it only made it clearer that he was studying me. His hand reached my cheek, slowly trailing his finger down the side. \"I've memorized every feature of your face...your eyes, your freckles, all one billion of them.\" He says a smile breaking out on his face when I shoot him a dirty look. I immediately smile back. \"Tiffany, don't forget I have that formal dinner at school tomorrow evening, Mr. Ericson, my boss wants to meet you. I talk about you all the time there so they want to formally be introduced to this Ms. Tiffany Maxwell.\" He says winking at me. \"I'll be there. What time?\" Pat smiles at my response. \"It's at six 'o'clock.\" He says and then he carries me off to the bedroom because I can't keep my eyes open any longer. Chapter 2: I'm Sorry The next morning I wake up ready to complete my main mission, to call the woman, Ms. Ivan, from the ad I saw in the paper. \" This is Ms. Ivans speaking.\" Says a warm bright voice. I automatically find myself rolling my eyes. She sounds just like Veronica. \" Hi Ms. Ivans, this is Tiffany Maxwell, I was inquiring about the ballet instructor position.\" At first she seemed hesitant about me when I told her I hadn't actually graduated with any major in drama arts or dancing. But for some reason I though to mention the dance event Pat and I had done and she knew of me! She had suddenly become less fake and cold and said she'd love to meet me today. I had to admit I was pretty fucking excited. I crossed the street a couple hours later to the little café Bonnie that I'd recommended we meet at. Thankfully she looked nothing like Veronica, she had short blonde hair and was in her late forty's. We talked for about two hours, about dance and our passions and I shared as little as possible about my recent rough patches. Ms. Ivans or Karen invited me to run by the studio that she was the director at. It was a two story building on the outskirts of town and I loved it. An old fashioned white stone building with fancy stone engravings on the front and chandeliers hanging above the marble floors in the inside entrance room. I followed Karen down a short corridor and into a room with shining wood floors freshly polished. My heart beat faster and I could already see myself in there teaching. Teaching little girls ballet wasn't anywhere near my ideal aspiration but it was a good start and I'd be able to make my name known in the area. After she gave me a tour of all the other rooms and offices in the building I left with a strong impression I'd gotten the job. She said she wanted to give me a trial week to make sure everything would fit into place, and she was also very interested in seeing some of my own routines I'd been working on. I went home exhausted. It was 4:25. I sighed as I collapsed into the pillows. Just a short nap I said silently to myself. BANG. My eyes shot open and I wasn't sure if the loud noise was in my dreams or something else. But my stomach dropped to the pit of my stomach when I saw the clock glowing it's evil red numbers…7:50. FUCK w as the only thing I could think. Within the next instant Pat came barging into the room. He was livid. \"Where the fuck were you! Huh Tiffany?! Where were you?!\" He came right up to my face and I didn't move. He saw how disheveled I looked and the curtains drawn. I honestly wished I had a better reason than having fallen asleep for missing his important dinner with his fellow colleagues. I knew how much it meant to him. I had screwed up, I really had. Pat didn't say another word and walked out. I got up and pushed my hair back running out. He was nowhere to be seen. I saw the door slightly ajar. \"Pat?\" I called out. \"PAT SOLITANO!\" no response came and I knew what he'd done. Ran away. He'd run away before something stupid was said, before a rage came on. I grabbed my running shoes and slipped them on frantically, I was losing precious seconds to catch up to him. The sky was dark and overcast and it had become unusually cold. The wind bit at my cheeks and I'd realized I had run out without a jacket on. I didn't care. I ran down the block and eventually came out onto the streets in town. I didn't even notice snowflakes slowly falling from the dark skies. People were watching me run, a girl in a black t-shirt and jeans running as fast as she could with black hair messily flying behind her. …a rare site for a fucking ridiculously cold evening. I would've laughed at some of their expressions if catching up to Pat wasn't the foremost thing on my mind. I eventually reached the park. I saw his figure up ahead and gained more speed. The walkway had swept down and the embankment was too sharp to run down now. \"PAT!\" I screamed. He didn't even turn and began running again. I was so furious at him. \"GODAMNIT PAT! I'M SORRY OKAY?! \" I screamed at the top of my lungs. Several people close by turned at my screaming. I kept running gaining speed as the hill gradually steeped downward. I saw a shortcut to reach the bottom of the embankment just up ahead, a two flight stone staircase. YES I thought relieved, it would be just enough of a head start to cut him off on the pathway below. \"Hey you! Watch it! Those stairs are slippery!\" a woman called out as I reached the top of them at running speed. It was only within the next few seconds that everything blacked out. Pat's point of view. I had stopped running, and breathing the second I heard a woman's scream. My heart skipped. I turned and saw a gathering of people just up ahead. I then saw the staircase. NO NO NO I repeated over and over as I ran towards the people. I felt sicker inside than I'd ever felt before in my life. I saw a woman lying twisted on the pavement with long black hair running over her motionless body. \"TIFFANY!\" I screamed. \"OH DEAR GOD! NO!\" I yelled in panic and horror. I was holding her in my arms within the next second while the gathering of people around us remained in a state of panic. I heard the siren of an ambulance in the distance. Tiffany's black hair was entangled in blood. I brought her head up to my cheek and began rolling back and forth on my knees, holding her in my arms. The rest was a blur, maybe it was the tears blinding me, or the fear I'd just lost the only fucking thing that mattered to me. I heard a man screaming, so loud it was hurting my ears. Make him stop! I kept trying to say but then when it grew faint and I was losing my vision, I realized the man screaming had been me. The paramedics had sedated me. Dear Go..dea…god…pl—please don..don't tak—ake her… I whispered before I went into utter darkness.[Chapter 2] Authors Note: First of all, I'm so glad you guys like it so far! And Second of all, thanks for those that messaged me and gave me reviews—it will seriously keep me on track to finish this story and I don't want to lose inspiration. You guys give me that! I will be posting as soon as I can each time and some days I may have longer chapters and others not so much…haha school keeps me busy! Anywayssss I hope you guys like this chapter and thanks for following, reading, and my favorite one of all…;) reviewing! And to DexterFan4249 I am looking forward to reading your future Silver Lining Playbook fanfiction. P.S. I DO NOT OWN ANY OF THE CHARACTERS Chapter 3: Hi Stranger Pat's point of view: The next week was pure agony. I was having a difficult time getting through the following day's knowing where Tiffany was, in a coma at the hospital. I would go through the empty cycle of waking up, eating, going to work and running. I wouldn't go anywhere near the park though, I would run the opposite direction. I'd run to Tiffany's neighborhood and pass her house. I found myself doing this everyday and finally one evening her mom came out to meet me. She didn't say much but asked if I wanted to come in. I said yes. Nothing was said inside either, we all sat around the living room drinking hot tea that Mrs. Maxwell had made quietly in the kitchen. The only sounds made were the occasional clinking of a spoon against a glass or the pouring of liquid, but my mind was only set on one thing, Tiffany. Beep! Beep! Beep! I groaned rolling over to smash my hand against the alarm clock. It was never right, I'd set it for 6:15 and it would go off at 6:45, so basically whenever the fuck it wanted to. The more I thought about it the more guilty I felt for being so angry with Tiffany for having overslept. I didn't know whether she had set it or not but it only reminded me that it didn't matter regardless, it wasn't worth two shits. What did matter was her life, and that mine couldn't function without hers in it. This following day was the longest for some reason, I didn't know why but time went inching by. It was exactly one week today from the accident. I visited Tiffany every single day early in the morning before work and after work. I'd stay and talk to her into the late hours of night and tell her about my day and what happened, that is if anything interesting had actually occurred, I shared with her the book my class was currently studying, Jane Eyre. \"Tif, you'd like it. The two characters in it are beautifully composed. Mr. Rochester is the owner of this huge estate, and he falls in love with a young tutor, Jane, that comes to the aid of this child he's looking after. You know honestly why I like it so much though Tiffany? The ending.\" I say this and rest my hand on hers, \"Jane finds him in the end… after all the turmoil and grief they both must go through, she goes to search for him and when she finds him at last… they are together, and that's it. They found their silver lining, and there wasn't anything else that needed to be said. That's why it was such a fucking amazing book Tiffany.\" I smiled, an exhausted sort of smile before getting up to leave. I'm not sure what possessed me too, but after I got home that night I didn't go inside the dark empty house, I walked straight to Tiffany's. I found the key under the bush to the right of the door of her little dance studio slash apartment, and went inside. I smelled the aroma of her, the finely polished woods floors, and her sweet scent that was a mixture between evergreen, lavender, and a certain spice that made your mouth water. My mouth felt very dry. The air was cool and I realized her parent's had shut off the heating. I reached over to try the lights and they came on, thank god. I shut the door behind me and walked over to the stereo she kept against the staircase. I pushed the play button on her iPod and soft music came on, a small smile came across my face when I recognized it as the mix we had made of the pieces we used in our final dance performance. I slumped down against the wall and just listened. I thought of this stubborn, spirited, and determined woman that had taken me so long to realize I had fallen in love with. I remembered her long black hair hitting my face when we would practice each day, it smelled like vanilla and lavender. I would find myself staring at her in a mesmerized state when she would demonstrate a certain dance move, her whole body bending gracefully and rhythmically. She was fucking unbelievable; no one was like my Tiffany Maxwell. I looked up suddenly, pulled from my thoughts of our memories in this room. I saw myself staring back with listless, bloodshot eyes. I had pushed myself to exhaustion each day just so I could sleep a little. The song had stopped. And I felt unnoticed tears on my face. I got up, switched the lights off, locked the door, and walked away. The next day was a dull, rainy Tuesday and I went to work thinking it would be like every other day since the accident when right in the middle of one of my lectures my phone buzzed. I pulled it out of my pocket and nearly bolted out the door without telling my students why. I had received a text message from Mrs. Maxwell saying, \" She is showing signs of waking up.\" I ran out the door after briefly telling my classroom full of students, \"Tiffany is waking up, no hw, and I'll see you.\" I was running down the hospital corridor on floor 6 within the next 15 minutes. I entered the room panting and Mrs. Maxwell was standing behind the doctor's shoulders, he was hunched over Tiffany's body. Her hands were moving anxiously and Mr. Maxwell stood in the back of the room looking very stressed himself. I came up on the other side of her bed and could hardly contain myself when I saw her eyelids fluttering and her body starting to respond. \"It should be any moment now.\" Said the doctor. I didn't even care what else he was saying because I'd tuned it out the moment I saw Tiffany open up her eyes. She looked bewildered at first, wondering where the hell she was kinda look, and then raised her hand slowly to her head as if a terrible migraine had come on. I hadn't moved a muscle. Mrs. Maxwell was making squealing noises and running to her daughter's side. The doctor stood back waiting but looking very pleased and hopeful. I didn't turn to see Mr. Maxwell and I hadn't even noticed my parent's, my brother, Veronica and Ronnie, as well as Danny enter the room all making loud outbursts of joy and surprise. I just waited for her eyes to move in the direction of me. It felt like forever but they did. When she noticed me it took a full 30 seconds for the room to grow silent. Everyone knew she was staring straight at me, and she still hadn't said a word yet. There was confusion reflecting from her eyes, and I felt as if I were looking into the eyes of a different woman, a Tiffany I couldn't familiarize with. I felt my knuckles clench tightly into my palms and my eyes continued to bore into hers. I saw her confusion melt into something else , something else entirely. It was as though time had gone into slow motion the instant her lips started to move. We were all on the edge, all waiting for what she was going to say. The next three words uttered from her mouth were…\"Wher—where is Tommy?\" END OF CHAPTER NOTES: Well I'm sure you are all going WHAAA? And I know I've left it a cliffhanger for this chapter… just to keep you all in suspense. But I hope you liked it and please give me your thoughts and feelings from this chapter! I really do wanna hear! I'll be posting my next chapter soon hopefully! Thanks for reading![Chapter 3] Authors Note: Hey everybody! I'm back for the next chapter…and I apologize for it not being as long but it's been a busy weekend! Thanks for waiting and reviewing I love to hear what you guys think and any ideas you'd like to throw my way please don't hesitate! Oh and thanks Cleme. fr for saying a favorite line from the chapter, I loved seeing that! :) You guys are all great and seriously, thanks for reading. Chapter 4: Don't Leave Me Tiffany's Point of View: I was in a large white room with a bunch of strangers staring at me. I felt exposed, confused and frantically wondering why Tommy wasn't standing beside my parents. I just looked at them with questioning eyes Mom..dad..where is he? I asked silently. I peered at the man with blue eyes that had been staring at me so intently. He looked shell-shocked, like someone had hit him with a silent bomb. \"Honey? Don't you remember all of us? Don't you remember Pat?\" came my moms voice, breaking the silence in the room. I frowned…here I was wondering why the fuck I was in the hospital let alone the strangers in the room with me! I recognized Ronnie and my sister who was crying but no one else. I turn to look at mom. \"Mom answer my question please.\" I said slowly and insistently. My mom's eyes closed and I could see the color draining from her face. Before anyone else said anything I heard an unfamiliar voice. \"Tiffany, Tommy's dead.\" …silence. I felt it hit me like I'd just gotten run over by a truck. But I quickly regained composure knowing whatever this weirdo was saying was obviously false. I turned to look at the blue-eyed stranger standing next to me. \"And who the fuck are you?!\" I tried to sound calm but my irritation and anger was clearly stated in my tone. He didn't even flinch his mouth was set in a line with no emotion. I wanted to start screaming. Then the man wearing a white coat and holding clipboard spoke. Ahh the doctor speaks I thought sourly. \"Tiffany, listen you've suffered from a terrible head concussion, you fell down two flights of stairs. Can you tell me what you remember last?\" he spoke very slowly and calmly, like I was about to fly off the handle, which honestly I wasn't far from it. He walked over to my bedside while silently ushering everyone out except, of course, my parents. The blue-eyed man didn't budge. My throat felt very dry and I swallowed realizing there was a growing lump in my throat and a panic rising inside me. \"Water.\" I said coarsely. I was handed water. I could hear my moms voice and the doctors voice but my mind was gone…I was staring at the white wall in front of me wishing it would melt and dissolve into nothing, and then I'd wake up from this nightmare. \"TIFFANY.\" I was taken from my trance and looked to see that the stranger had said my name. \"You don't remember?\" he said solemnly. He was the only one that talked to me normally, treated me like I was a person that wasn't lying in a hospital bed with a severe head trauma, for some reason I trusted him, and hell I didn't even know him. I turned my head back to the doctor, my eyes giving the answers. \"Doctor, please tell me where is my goddamn husband?!\" I asked again feverishly. \"Tiffany…honey please I'm so sorry you don't remember but Tommy we—well h-he—he's been dead for 3 years…\" my mom said trying to keep her voice from breaking, but failing. I knew it was true. My mom never cried unless it was real, and serious. I felt myself shutting down. The air in the room had become very thick and I found it hard to breathe, my fingers clutched the sheets and I started yelling, I don't remember what exactly, just loud wailing noises and I couldn't think, I had lost a huge chunk of time, I'd lost my Tommy, and now that I lay there screaming as the doctor and emergency nurses came running in trying to pin me down and get me to stop, I was getting flashes of a police office at my door. I saw Tommy's face in a casket and then I saw my parents crying. I saw a reflection of myself in the mirror and I looked like a fucking monster. I remembered his death now in painful dark flickers, but it seemed like it had just happened and now those flashes were coming to me like last night's nightmare. Pat's Point of View: I couldn't believe it. I was in shock, I was standing there watching Tiffany go into a panic attack and not remembering anything. Not remembering me. I knew it wasn't right, I knew it, but for some reason I considered her not remembering me almost as bad as if she had died that day. I walked out of the room when the nurses came piling in to help the doctor sedate Tiffany. I couldn't help her I couldn't do anything I felt myself losing control so I left. Mr. and Mrs. Maxwell crying in that room with her. I knew they hadn't expected this, no one had. I passed the rest of the family waiting outside the hospital doors; I ignored Ronnie and Danny calling out. I didn't even turn when my father yelled after me. They knew I couldn't talk, I didn't want to. I ended up sitting on a bench in a small kid's playground not far from the hospital. I just sat there watching a woman with long brown hair like Tiffany's play with her little boy. He was running as fast as his legs could go around the sand trying to escape her grasp but she caught him and he began to giggle loudly. I felt my heart crack. I reached down in my pocket and pulled out a little silver box. I opened it to see the green emerald ring brilliantly lighting up in the afternoon sun. I was going to propose to Tiffany, my stunning Tiffany whose soul had devoured mine and stolen my foolish heart. I had been waiting to do it for the past month. I don't know what had kept me from waiting to. God I just love her so fucking much it hurts. I close the box, and slip it back into my pocket. I get up to leave and I pause by where the woman is pushing her little boy on the swings. She looks at me oddly, and I say, \"Don't ever take time for granted.\" My eyes cast downward at the little boy beneath her arms, and her expression turns into confusion…she looks down at her son and back up at me but I've already turned and am halfway across the green. END OF CHAPTER COMMENTS: Sorry I know it was a pretty short chapter! And it's only the beginning of the road for Pat and Tiffany, but a lot more will be explained and happen! I'm just taking this slowly. Let me know what you think so far and how agonizing this is for Pat…I want to try and capture how hard this would be! Anyways thanks for reading and please review guys! ;)[Chapter 4] Authors Note: Quick chapter for the morning! I tried submitting it last night but my computer was acting up…anyway this chapter holds the first convo between Pat and Tiffany…hope you like it! Chapter 5: Pat's Point of View: It was late evening, and I could hardly believe how long this day felt. It was only earlier this morning that I found out Tiffany had severe memory loss. I was heading back to the hospital and it was already 7:32, I walked down the familiar hospital corridor before being confronted by Tiffany's doctor. \"Pat…I know this is very difficult for you, but you've got to tread your ground carefully if you go in to talk to her. She does remember Tommy's death but she is still grieving as though it just happened, her memory isn't picking up any events after that day. I don't think I'd mention anything that might upset her…\" the doctor said this last part with a slight raise of the eyebrow. I knew what he was emphasizing…mentioning to her that I was her boyfriend or the guy she'd fallen in love with for christ's sake. I had to immediately think of something else before my annoyance took over. \"No, of course.\" I said calmly walking past him to her door. \"Pat she's under medication so she may seem a bit out of it…\" He paused—\"Good luck.\" And he turned around. I opened her door and saw a small light on in the corner giving a warm glow to the otherwise hollow feeling of the white room. I crossed over to her bedside and sat down. Her eyes were closed but I felt her energy, subdued but awake. I rested my hand near hers, aching to take it in mine and hold it. \"Tif…Tiffany Maxwell.\" I said softly. Her eyelids fluttered and then opened. She gave me a peculiar look, and then blinked several times. Tiffany's Point of View: I just stared at him, at first I thought I was dreaming…there was this stranger again, who'd been the one to tell me with no hesitation that my Tommy had died. Well his name was Pat, not stranger, but to me he still was one. I didn't feel angry seeing him sitting there though, weirdest fucking thing. I blamed it on the medication…they'd definitely drugged me up. I waited a moment not sure of what to say… \"Hi…\" I said more quietly than I'd meant to. I wasn't expecting his next reaction whatsoever, he just paused looking at me and then smiled…smiled so gently and…sexily… God what was going on with me?... I felt my heart beat increase...his eyes were glowing of some emotion that I wasn't reading…I felt a sickening sensation in my stomach. Ever since I'd woken up I had felt it and the Doctor simply told me it was just after effects from my fall, but the medication wasn't clearing it up. \"Hey…\" he replied. I bit my lips back in anticipation I was feeling apprehensive. \"Listen, my mom told me after I woke up this afternoon that I knew you and we were together. She told me everything…Pat. I honestly don't know what to think and I sure as hell don't know what to say to you.\" I said in a rush words spilling out clumsily…I felt like I had been a bit to hasty in my \"sure as hell don't know what to say to you\" so I quickly added \"But I want to thank you, for being such a good friend.\" I said and genuinely looked at him, deep into his eyes to let him know I was acknowledging him. He didn't move and then he took a deep breath after a few moments of looking down. He had given me a look of surprise after I'd said my mom told me everything, he then had glanced at the door and his brow had furrowed and he looked irritated, but then it vanished and he looked back up at me \"Tiffany, I just want you to know that I'm not expecting anything from you. I will be here for you. Any day, anytime.\" And he got up. This guy seriously threw me off every single time. I wasn't expecting him to say that or any of those reactions he had given me; they all had been kind and full of something I wished I hadn't seen, adoration…feelings that I couldn't return. It made me feel awkward and uncomfortable. \"Hey wait!\" I called out as he reached the door. \"I want to see you tomorrow Pat.\" I said without hesitation, but then I frowned at how odd I was thinking and feeling right after I'd said that. I wasn't sure since the light in the room was dim, but I could've sworn I saw a smile flicker across his face before he closed the door. What the fuck did I just say?! Am I completely losing my mind?! Was all I thought before I twisted back into feverish dreams and nightmares.[Chapter 5] Authors Note: Thanks for the reviews guys I LOVE reading them! And glad you liked my short last chapter… that's probably how I am going to be uploading—short chapters…unless I have a good chunk of time to write..anywhooo thanks for reading, you guys are amazing! Chapter 6: No Looking Back Tiffany's Point of View: It wasn't easy, picking myself up again and trying to gather up the bits and pieces I remembered last, it's so strange when people are telling you so much has happened after an event when you wake up thinking only yesterday your husband died. I had cried every night in the hospital since I woke up. But I didn't want pity or anyone saying a word to me so I would stay up late into the night. I'd wait till the nurses had given me their last nightly check up before I knew I was safe, and then I would release my bottled up emotions. When I saw Pat, I felt strange, like he was someone from the future that I didn't know I would be with yet. I was still slowly getting the sensation of how much time had passed since Tommy's death, three years ago. My mom showed me a photo album of all of us and then when I flipped towards the end I saw pictures of people dancing. My mom reached to take it from me but I stopped her hand. \"No mom let me see, what are these?\" I asked frowning. I turned the book at an angle and peered closer. It was me. I felt taken aback of course because this memory didn't exist in my mind. But there I was in a glittering white dance outfit with my hair pulled up. I was doing amazing moves and yet here I lay not remembering any of those moves or that I was capable of such talent. Pat was standing across from me in the pictures. I shut the book. I felt bad for looking at them, almost as if I was cheating. I felt that queasy flutter in my stomach. When I saw Pat, the feeling got stronger. There was this pull between us, I don't know if he felt it but I hated being near him, I would get these fucking strange urges. He had come the next day just like I asked. He began telling me about his class and students and then I told him I didn't know what he did exactly, he blinked and gave me an odd look before breaking into a small chuckle. \"Oh. I forgot.\" He said smiling. I felt myself returning the smile and immediately chiding myself for it. A couple days later I was released from the hospital and would return for more scans the following week. The doctor said there was still hope that something might rekindle the time and memories I'd lost. He said most of the time percentages were high in these cases and they sometimes had miraculous endings. I wanted to cuss at him. He was such a quack, one of those doctors that would just tell you what you wanted to hear all of the time and sugar coat his words in bullshit. Fucking idiot, I mumbled under my breath when my parents and I walked out of the building. I was so happy to be home. My mom explained to me why I had my own place in the back and where the dance studio came from. I didn't want to hear it or Tommy's name. I told myself no matter what, I had to let go, to just not look back. It doesn't make sense but even though my memories and sense of time vanished into thin air, I already feel like Tommy's left…that he really did leave a long time ago. His presence is nonexistent and I don't feel him anywhere. It's an awful feeling really, total emptiness; suddenly I see blue eyes and a smirk. Pat. I block him from my mind. No. I end up crashing on my bed with listless thoughts wandering around in my cluttered brain. The next morning I wake up to someone pounding on the door downstairs, I knew my mom wouldn't be doing this. I get out of bed and grab a t-shirt to put on over my sports bra, and slowly walk down the stairs; my head still hasn't recovered because I feel sickening dizzy. \"I'm coming! Jesus Chr—\" I open the door to see him standing there. \"You…\"I say in irritation and surprise. \"Yes, me. Come on let's go for a run.\" Pat says. I just stare at him like he's fucking stupid. He gives me a look of exasperation. \"Tiffany, we don't have all day.\" With that he turns and runs away…I see him disappear around the corner. I can't believe this …is he stupid? I end up running down the path despite my pounding head. \"Hey! Who do you think you are anyway?! I just got out of the hospital! I'm not running!\" I shout down the street, but he's long gone. I just stand there taking deep breaths; running down my driveway was enough for me. \"I think, just possibly, you woke up the whole entire neighborhood.\" I turn to see Pat standing behind me trying to suppress a laugh. \"Wha—What's wrong with you anyway?!\" I say narrowing my eyes and emphasizing wrong. I turn to start walking and he comes up behind taking my arm to stop me. \"Hey now… hold on hot pants, I just want to have a morning walk. I was playing around, obviously you can't run.\" He says releasing my arm because I'm giving him the death glare. \"Don't call me that again, ever , understand funny pants?\" I retort and try not to show my grin hiding underneath my crossness. He sees right through it. \"Yea…let's take a walk.\" We ended up in a really beautiful rural park that was nearby my neighborhood. It was small and new, I don't remember ever having seen it before. We sat under a huge oak tree. It was still early morning and the sunrise cast glistening rays across the wet dew making it look like millions of little diamonds resting atop the green grass. Pat was talking about random things and I wasn't listening. I was thinking about where I was, and what had happened in my life. I didn't know how to deal with it all, I kept telling myself not to panic bit by bit Tiffany, that's all, but I was getting that weird urge again while sitting next to him. I turned and observed him. His eyes were honestly…absolutely stunning, they reflected the morning sun and revealed all of the colors in his iris, blue-ish green, gold, cerulean…and he was still busy talking about some mumbo jumbo, I watched his lips move, as if in slow motion I felt myself leaning in towards him. His eyes turned from looking straight ahead, to me. Confusion flashed in them before my lips were on his. I felt his warmth wash over me like a wave, his lips burning against mine like a sinful flame, I reached out with my hand but he reacted before me, putting his hand behind the small of my back and pulling me towards him with strong power. We were entangled in a whirlwind of sensation and emotions…lust, feverish desire, and simply pure temptation. As quickly as the magnetism between us had drawn me towards him I pulled away, sharply. I stood up and brought my fingers to my lips. They felt flushed and tender as though his powerful kisses had bruised me, yet I felt every fiber of m being alert, his kiss had began to bring me to life. I was absolutely terrified. I still didn't know this guy yet I knew him! From some other reality in my mind, I did know him. I was panicking now, standing there in front of him, frozen like a statue, realizing I'd impulsively just kissed Pat with full force and passion. I'd wanted it, I needed it. As I had felt myself leaning in towards him my thoughts were on how familiar these emotions were inside of me. I knew I needed to test them and see if kissing him would release the sickening emotions inside me and at last extinguish them, or provide me with some insight…but now as I stood there staring down at him…I knew…. I'd only just ignited them. I turned and ran, and I didn't look back.[Chapter 6] Authors Note: Hey guys! I know it's been forever I apologize for the late update—it was one hectic weekend…anyways here's the next chapter...enjoy! I will be posting longer chapters hopefully over break next week when I have some free time. Anyways let me know your thoughts and I love the reviews ;) Chapter 7: Pat's Point of View: I was happy. Really, really happy. I knew what happened was just a reaction of her emotions but regardless it was enough for me to have hope. I held onto that sliver of hope for the next 5 days. Tiffany kept locked in her apartment and I would just come by and leave her a quick note or wait and see if she'd come down. My mom told me to be romantic and leave flowers but I knew it wasn't the time for that yet. I at last found my chance to speak to her when I saw Tiffany in the park Sunday evening. I froze watching her walk in the distance; she looked deep in thought and when she saw some kids playing in the field nearby she watched them a as a sadness grew into her eyes. My heart ached for my Tiffany; I had to find a way to break through to her. I waited till she had started walking off in a different direction before I got up and followed her. I quickly realized this was a bad idea, she'd think I was a fucking creep and knowing her \"Freak out\". I saw a different path that I knew would cross the one she took just up ahead I ran to beat her there. I sat under a tree near the walkway and waited. She came shortly after and I tried to pretend I didn't see her. \"Pat…\" I heard her voice say slowly. I looked up. \"Tiffany, what're you doing here?\" I asked blatantly. She squinted her eyes at me before coming to sit down. \"Hmm, I'm getting déjà vu.\" She said a smirk covering her lips. She was right, here we were again sitting at a park under a tree and it had been 6 days since the last time. \"I saw you sitting on the bench, over across from the fountain. I just wasn't ready to talk to you yet but you found a way.\" She ended her sentence with turning to look at me. \"Are you angry?\" I asked, I didn't actually care if she was or not because I had already waited long enough to see her. \"I can already tell you don't care.\" she said rolling her eyes. She read me like a book, and she still did, nothing had really changed except that she had some missing gaps. Our chemistry, magnetic attraction, and souls were still meant to be for one another. I smiled at her and had to look away when her face turned sour. \"Why are you smiling Pat?\" she asked irritated. \"You can't ignore the kiss. I know you read my notes too…the ones I left you for the past 6 days.\" I said matter-a-factly. There was a pause before she answered. \"I needed time to think. You wrote down a memory you held of me or something that had happened between us…\" she trailed off. I didn't look at her. \"Nothing came to you?\" I asked. She paused before speaking…\"I had a dream last night. There was Christmas music playing and I felt warm and safe. The lights were dimly lit wherever I was standing…I turned and there you were standing there and I came over to you to do something but I couldn't remember what and I was so frustrated in the dream because I couldn't remember…you just looked at me. Then I woke up.\" She said. I felt exuberant inside; she had remembered something after all…even better it was something I hadn't even wrote in a note. \"You were frustrated in the dream because you couldn't tie my tie, you kept trying over and over but it didn't work so you gave up.\" I said and turned to her. She looked at me… \"Oh…so I do remember something.\" I reached to grab her hand, I didn't even think about my actions but she quickly got up seeing what was coming. \"Pat…please…I just feel so lost. I am remembering bits and pieces but some of them our memories of me and Tommy and then I have these awful nightmares Pat…then other nights I'll have good dreams, tidbits of you and I. I just need to sort it all out.\" She looked at me waiting for me to react or give an acknowledgment that I understood. \"Let's go grab dinner.\" I said getting up, I walked right past her and didn't say another word. I could feel her hesitation as I grew further away then I felt her presence soon after… she had accepted. 20 minutes later of walking silently we had reached the diner near her neighborhood. \"This place?\" she asked a little surprised as we took a booth. The waitress we both had grown accustomed to from the past… approached the table, her face lit up and she smiled as she smacked her gum. \"Pat and Tiffany! Wher'in the hell have you been girl?!\" she asked looking at Tiffany. Tiffany just gave a weird look in my direction and ignored Susan, our waitress. \"Oh, you think this is the master plan Pat? Bring me to the fucking diner we went too all the time and it will solve the problem?! Jog my memory?!\" Her voice rose every other word. Susan backed away slowly and pretended she had never approached our table. I just sat and waited. She was infuriated but in that flash of confusion and anger I saw a glimpse of fear, which was all I needed to see to know there was a window for me to reach into. \"Tiffany…listen.\" I started to speak but she was already about to open her mouth. I reached over putting my fingers to her lips to quiet her. She froze and watched me closely. \"I have been trying with all of my power to hold onto my faith, the faith that you will come back to me. I almost lost you, and it was my fault. I know you don't remember any of this and no ones told you. I was so angry that you didn't show up to an important dinner of my colleagues at work, that I ran out to save you from one of my fits of temperamental rage and instead sabotaged the most important thing to me…you.\" I ended my long speech with a sigh…a sigh of exhaustion. I was exhausted. Tiffany just watched my face closely, reading every blink, breath and movement of my lips. A couple minutes past I felt Susan approach us again and then turn away seeing our intense moment. \"I can't do this.\" She got up and walked past me. I turned around absolutely torn apart at her reaction. \"You can't run forever Tiffany!\" I shouted after her. The diner grew silent and people turned and stopped eating. Tiffany stopped before reaching the door. She turned her head slightly just so I could see her profile. She hesitated before turning around and coming over to me. She stared down at me and I rose. We were eye to eye now. \"I'm sorry I kissed you, it wasn't me. That Tiffany is gone, please just move on Pat.\" She said calmly and miserably. I knew the sorrow she expressed was complete honesty; she was feeling sorry for not being able to accept us…and me…and honest about wanting me to move on. I thought I fucking knew pain, but when I saw Tiffany walk out of that diner after telling me to move on …I just rediscovered that pain was a tease…this was like no feeling ever. There was no solution to this pain. I had tried and tried and too no avail and now she had told me it was done. She had moved on, not me. So there wasn't anything else I could do. I walked home with no purpose, just emptiness. Tiffany's Point of View: I felt guilty; I gave up on trying to figure out my emotions towards Pat and decided I didn't want to end up with a guy I didn't ever remember. I needed to straighten my life out right now and get on track and Pat was just holding me back, confusing me and making me angry, emotional, and hungry…hungry for something I knew might end up starving me. I wasn't going to take that risk from someone I hardly knew and just felt physically attracted too. I began day by day after that evening at the diner, to get myself somewhere better. I began working out and practicing dance routines. My parents were really happy, but I saw sadness within my mom's eyes. I hated it, I hadn't seen or had any word of Pat since that night but my mom reminded me of him, silently. I had to avoid making eye contact with her. It was officially two weeks now and he still found his way into my dreams at night. I kept having the same dream of Christmas music in a dimly lit room, I felt really warm and happy at first then it transformed into irritation. The dream became even more detailed each night. Pat was looking into my eyes as I struggled with the tie…that was another weird thing, ever since he told me it was a tie it had come into the dream. I ended up waking up in a cold sweat, anxious and sick. My mom told me to get ahold of Ms. Ivans after explaining who Ms. Ivan was. I excitedly met up with her the next day and she told me she would still be willing to offer me a job but only as an assistant to the woman she'd already hired to be the young girls' ballet instructor. I was happy to have something to fill my time and even decided to accept my sister's invitation to dinner that night. \"Tiffany!\" my sister said happily embracing me in a suffocating hug. I responded nonchalantly and then greeted Ronnie and their adorable baby girl. I turned into the living room to see a strawberry blonde woman sitting on the couch…I had no idea who she was. She was kind of peculiar looking but I didn't say anything to her till she got up and smiled at me awkwardly. \"Oh…Tiffany this is Nikki, Pat's ex.\" My sister said in a rush as she hurried into the dining room. \"Hey Tiffany, I've heard so much about you.\" She said as warmly as she could but I knew she was uncomfortable around me. \"Hi…\" I said coolly. Then it clicked fully in my mind that she was…. Pat's Ex. I was so furious that my sister had once again fucked me over. She knew this would be awkward, but decided to do it anyway for whatever her damn \"Good Samaritan\" reason was. Suddenly the doorbell rang and I just stood there in the living room, Nikki and I uneasily staring at each other, me thinking to myself that this evening couldn't possibly get any worse was an absolute joke…if I'd known what was coming I wouldn't been laughing my ass off on the floor, laughing hysterically at my stupidity for accepting my sister's invitation. It was in those next few second's that my stomach plummeted to the floor and I heard Ronnie's enthusiastic voice boom \"Pat! Ahhh it's great to see you buddy! Come on in, come on in!\" End Chapter Notes: Okay ….once again leaving you guys hanging….yes I'm evil I know! Nikki, Pat, Tiffany all together for a dinner hosted by the sister Tiffany can't even stay in the same room with for 5 minutes! What next?! Well please leave me reviews and comments…thanks guys hope you liked the chapter![Chapter 7] Authors Note: Okay so I know you guys are anxious for Tiffany to get her memory back but I'm making this story as realistic as possible, it would take some time for her to figure things out and fall into place so that's what I'm aiming for in my story.…but don't worry I have something special coming up not too far ahead. Oh and of course I'm throwing in a little more havoc with Nikki coming in to scene! (mwahah!) I'm also following the movie's Silver Lining instead of the book's so Nikki isn't married with children in this version. Anyways hold tight there are lots of good things and maybe a few bad things…coming up in this story! : ) Seriously special thanks to all you guys for reviewing! I really love getting them, and you won't believe how much it does keep me on track and want to keep writing more! Thanks to my guest reviews for telling me you love it and want more and that I'm doing a good job at capturing Pat and Tiffany…LOVE hearing that! : D Also if anyone has ideas or a particular scene they want me to write at some point just let me know! Enjoy! Chapter 8: Tiffany's Point of View: So there I was with my mouth hanging slightly open and Nikki nervously smiling and greeting Pat, he saw me the second he turned in my direction, and was equally as shocked. I knew from his expression 100% that my sister's evil doing carried through without Pat's knowledge. I wasn't sure if I'd forgive her for this one. He smiled casually at Nikki as she came forward and they awkwardly hugged each other. \"Pat you look really good.\" Nikki said sincerely. \"Oh Pat you're here! Good, dinner will be ready in 5 minutes why don't you all go sit down in the dining room and I'll be serving shortly.\" My sister instructed us as if we were her little minions. I wanted to reach out and slap her, her good intentions always went sour. \"It's good to see you Pat…\" Nikki said continuing her compliments while smiling at him as we all walked towards the dining room, I saw her lean in towards him and talk in a low voice so I couldn't hear…but I heard. \" I'm sorry Veronica and Ronnie didn't tell you Tiffany would be here….I had no idea until Veronica told me a few minutes before she showed up. This must be so strange for you…\" Pat just nodded and said nothing as he pulled out a chair for her. She sat down and then turned her eyes towards me as I approached the table. Pat walked over to me and I just stared dumbly at him my eyes narrowed in disgust and resentment at this whole situation. He pulled out the chair for me. \"Hi.\" He said coolly. I was slightly taken aback by his tone and lack of interest, but shouldn't have been, not after what I'd said to him a couple weeks back. \"Hey…\"I said my words trailing off into thin air as Pat was already heading to the kitchen. I actually wished for his presence over Nikki's in that moment, I couldn't stand this woman and wasn't even fully understanding why, it was just a very strong dislike and the vibes radiating off her were making me feel even more certain of her bad qualities. Strange, but when I first met her only minutes ago it was as though I'd met her before, she had acted like she'd never seen me before though so I supposed it was just my imagination. Pat and Ronnie came out a moment later, thankfully, carrying dishes, a roast chicken, and mashed potatoes and Veronica following shortly after carrying green beans. \"Dinner's served!\" she said jubilantly. I rolled my eyes and looked down at my fingers, they were trembling. I glanced up and my heart skipped a beat. Pat was staring directly at me while Veronica and Ronnie were busy making small talk, talk that only Nikki was politely answering. His blue eyes pierced through me and he was reading every emotion my eyes gave way, I felt naked and exposed sitting there across from him and I couldn't take it, the strain between us was thick so I looked away and pretended to be interested in the way Ronnie was cutting the chicken. He won. He won every single time. I couldn't even face him with my eyes. The dinner slowly progressed and we all sat quietly eating while my sister chimed in whenever Ronnie began talking, Nikki turned to Pat and started talking about things I could care less if I heard or not. I had tuned almost all conversation, mumbling answers to my sister's frustration, till finally, she stopped talking to me. Altogether. \"Pat, do you remember that time we went to the lake? We were laying out on that blanket when this huge wasp landed on your arm and you started flipping out and running towards the water…and I was laughing and trying to chase after you!\" Nikki started laughing while she told the story and my sister was smiling and nudging Ronnie as if to say Ooo look at them Ronnie! As Pat and Tiffany both began laughing in unison. It was as though I didn't exist, I wasn't part of this pretty picture at the dining table. I felt so sick inside and betrayed. Even Pat, the guy that was supposedly in love with me before my memory loss, was acting as though I was no more than an acquaintance. Those few times I caught him staring at me while we ate were enough to make me want to talk to him, to see him, to feel him near me. Things I couldn't allow. These were the very thoughts I had been fighting against since that evening I told him to move on. I couldn't go there. I kept telling myself it was only physical attraction, but seeing him tonight was making all those \" what if's\" come rushing back. I saw Nikki reach towards Pat as they laughed, her hand gently brushing his hand in a playful flirtatious manner; \"Pat we should catch up sometime…\" \"You know, reminisce.\" She added hastily, giving him an earnest look and gentle smile. He returned a grin, but I saw a glimpse of something cross his expression before he turned away. She knew he had just blown off her casual invitation by not saying anything; but in reality it wasn't a casual invitation…he knew that, she knew that, hell everyone at the table knew that! I didn't want anymore of this. I had been played as a pawn in one of my sister's games long enough, when I saw Pat arrive at the beginning of this evening I assumed my sister was trying to hook Pat and I up, \"mend our bond\" but she had other intentions. She had invited Nikki there for a reason, and that reason was for Nikki's benefit, Veronica knew Nikki wanted a shot with Pat now that I was clearly out of the picture. What a joke I thought. I didn't care…I had told him to move on; it wasn't my choice if he decided to move back in time to his ex. I hadn't figured this out till now, it all made sense though especially with all of Nikki's obvious efforts towards Pat. Kind of fucking gave it away. I got up suddenly, my chair making a scraping noise against the wood floor. The room instantly grew silent. My sister looked at me and made a face; I knew what she was telling me. Sit down Tiffany what are you doing?! I ignored it. \"I don't feel good, I'm going home.\" I smiled as best I could at Ronnie and Veronica who were surprised at my sudden outburst. \"Thanks for the food. \" I said emphasizing food because that was the only thing I was thankful for out of this entire evening. \"Oh…well it was lovely meeting you Tiffany.\" Nikki said indifferently. \"Wish I could say the same.\" I said coldly. I didn't bother looking at Pat; I knew he was judging me right now. He had been watching my reactions, emotions all evening in a disregarded way, but I knew what he was doing. I walked out of the house not listening to my sister calling out and hurried down the block my eyes stinging, Veronica was cruel but I didn't think she would've gone this far. I got home and locked my door. My hands were trembling all over again and I closed my eyes leaning against the wall… just breath… I whispered over and over. I opened my eyes after a minute and walked over to my iPod speakers. I pushed the play button and heard unfamiliar music, my first response was that maybe I accidently downloaded the wrong song but then I realized it must've been put on there before my accident. I immediately was drawn to the melody, it was sad but beautiful, a song that made you think, and then all of the sudden everything began to fade and I felt myself falling. I blinked, and within that millisecond I saw Pat standing there. He was looking down at me and his face broke into a smile, he held out his hand and I grabbed it without any hesitation. I was happy to see him. He didn't say a word and neither did I…we began dancing. I didn't know I could do this routine, he was guiding me but I knew what I was supposed to do, we were moving swiftly across the room and Pat was lifting me up…I felt the room spin, then he dipped me down low and I felt his breath on my face. His lips were inches away from mine. I was breathing heavily as I gazed back up at him. I felt perspiration on my forehead and then the warm happy feeling was gone and I felt confused and panicked. I tried to shout but nothing came out and then I saw darkness cover my eyes. My eyelids felt heavy and I slowly opened them unsure of what I would see. The room was empty. The music had stopped and I was very much alone. I slowly brought myself up to a sitting position. \" Pat…\" I whispered. It was a dream but so much more than that, it felt real, his breathing and motions felt alive and vivacious, I had felt my own emotions clearly and no haziness or fogginess covered my mind while I was with him. It was as though I'd just had a vision, not a dream. Then I felt the panic seize me again the more I thought about what just happened, this was no vision it was a time in the past. A memory that had forced itself up just like that dream I'd been having every other night of the tie and the Christmas music. Things were coming back in fragments and I still had no way to link them together and make them whole. The big piece was still missing. Pat's Point of View: The dinner was a sham. I felt awful inside driving home that night. I had to be distant from her, even though in reality I actually was; yet I still had to pretend I didn't give a damn about seeing her. That I had moved on just like she wished. I hadn't minded seeing Nikki tonight, but I thought it was fucked up that Veronica had planned the evening with both Nikki and Tiffany. I left shortly after Tiffany; I think Nikki thought I was going to chase after her. I wanted to; oh you have no idea how much I wanted to. When I got in the door I saw a message blinking on my answering machine and walked over to push the play button. \" Hey Pat, it's mom…I'm sorry about the dinner. I knew Nikki being there might cause a problem, I just talked to Veronica, she said she honestly didn't think it would turn out so badly. She hoped that Nikki being there with you might trigger something in her memory…but it didn't work. I'm sorry honey; I know this is a really difficult time. Call me whenever you feel like talking. I just wanted to tell you that Nikki might be to your advantage, she could make Tiffany jealous. From what Veronica told me Tiffany seemed angry tonight and perhaps it was a tinge of jealousy from Nikki being there… Veronica knows Nikki still has feelings for you. Think about it. Goodnight Pat.\" I listened to the voicemail again before deleting it. I lay in bed thinking about it and I thought about it the next day while teaching, I got home that evening and felt restless. It was dusk when I decided to put on my running shoes, and sweatshirt, and head out the door. I reached Tiffany's neighborhood twenty-five minutes later and saw that her was light on, I just stood there watching…hoping, wanting, wishing. I waited a few more seconds before turning to leave. I had made my decision. I got back and went over to pick up the phone. I dialed the number on the piece of paper that had been crisply folded and kept in my pocket all day. \" Hello?\" came a woman's voice. \" Hey Nikki…it's Pat .\" End of Chapter Notes: Welllllll…things are slowly progressing! Tiffany's getting chunks of time back slowly but surely, maybe something will eventually trigger what she need's to remember the most! Anyways please review and comment! Thanks guys![Chapter 8] Authors Note: Hey guys! I know I should have no excuses for updating so late but I got caught up with having no school…ha. I hope everyone's had an awesome spring break and I'm so sad its over…anyways I have been working on my absolute favorite chapter for this story…and that will be the one right after this. I'm trying to speed things up now so bear with me when you notice how fast I will be having the months move by within this chapter. Anyways I can't wait to post the chapter after this one. Thanks for your reviews they are helpful, encouraging and most of all loved and keep me going! Thanks for being my inspiration guys : ) enjoy the chapter! Oh and thank you Laura for correcting my chapter 7 paragraph 11 error…you are right it was meant to say Nikki…thanks for catching that! Chapter 9: Things Do Change Tiffany's Point of View: I entered the vast entrance to the beautiful aged building that said in bold and big engraved letters Hanlow Dance Academy . I heard the heavy glass doors slam behind me. The air smelled like freshly polished floors and as I looked down I could almost make out my reflection on the marble floors. My shoes echoed as I walked down towards the front desk. \"Good morning, welcome to Hanlow Dance Academy, can I help you?\" said a woman behind the counter. The only thing I noticed about this woman as she spoke was the fuchsia pink lipstick she was wearing. Ugh. I thought in distaste. \"Good morning, I'm Tiffany Maxwell, I'm here to see Lois Vanski.\" I said as I peered down the hall watching a young girl in a leotard come out of one of the large doors, classical music following her as the door took it's time closing behind her exit. She looked at me curiously before bending over to drink from a nearby water fountain. \"Oh yes Ms. Maxwell, of course. Ms. Vanski is in that room with the open door right down the hall.\" She said in an orderly manner. I gave her a nod before heading towards the door the little girl had just closed behind her. I opened the door a moment later with a little nervousness fluttering in my stomach. The room was very large, which was deceiving from the outside hall. There were mirrors going from the left walls all the way to the right side of the room and modern lights shone down like spotlights on the twelve dancers spinning in front of me. The music stopped when the woman saw me come in. The girls froze and watched me close the door behind me and I could see their little eyes watching my every move. \"Hey! You must be Tiffany, so glad you are here, I'm Lois and please don't call me Ms. Vanski. You and I are practically the same age and are going to be working together so no formality between us please!\" She said warmly shaking my hand. \"Nice to finally meet you Lois.\" I said as she led me over to the girls. \"Alright now it will take time to learn all these girls names but shouldn't be to difficult. Okay girls this is Ms. Maxwell you will be polite and treat her just as you would me. Make her feel right at home, she is going to be one of your instructors this term and will be helping me.\" Some of the girls smiled and some kept their solemn uncertain faces. I smiled at them. They all looked to be from ages 8 to 10. \"Hi, you guys can just call me Tiffany. If Lois doesn't mind I can't stand formality at all unless it's a must.\" I looked at Lois and she nodded giving the Fine by me shrug. \"Hi Tiffany.\" I turned to see a little blonde ballerina smile at me. She was the one that had exited to get water. Excitement was clearly pasted on her face. \"Are you going to teach us just like Ms. Vanski does?\" she asked eagerly. \"I hope too soon.\" I said noticing Lois was smiling. \"I'm Anna by the way.\" The little blonde girl said. \"Nice to meet you Anna.\" I said reaching my hand out to shake hands with her, she was caught off guard and then began to giggle as I took a bow while shaking her hand and said \"How do you do Ms. Anna?\" in my best manliest voice. Within seconds the other girls were giggling and wanted me to do the same with them so I went down the row and was introduced to all of them. I knew I had won them over and was thankful it hadn't taken long. The little Anna stuck out to me the rest of the day for some reason I watched her movements, she was an incredible ballerina for her age, she moved gracefully and held her toes on the tip the longest from the rest of the girls. When the class was over that afternoon I was able to relax with Lois and speak with her. \"God you have no idea how glad you are here to help me Tiffany, I wasn't ready for another heavy term without another instructor by my side in this room.\" Lois said handing me a cup of coffee. We easily entered conversation and got to know a little about each other's pasts and why we were here. I found myself even more relieved that Lois was so easygoing and light. We were becoming friends effortlessly. \"Hey tomorrow I'd love to show you some of my routines, and I'd like to see yours.\" I said as I picked up my jacket. \"Yeah sure thing let's do that, I'm sure our styles our very different so we can pick up on moves from each other.\" I nodded and we walked out. I almost ran smack into a man that was just about to come in from the other side. \"Oh sorry!\" He said as Lois and I stood back. \"Oh Mr. Williams! What perfect timing, your daughter was the first to introduce herself to our new instructor today.\" Lois beamed and then looked at me. I stared back at the dark haired man wearing a business suit, I was surprised at first that he was Anna's dad and then found myself thinking he was pretty damn good looking. I felt a tinge of color rising in my cheeks, he was giving me a confused look when I hadn't said anything. \"Hi Mr. Williams, I'm Tiffany Maxwell.\" I said. He waited for me to put my hand out but I didn't respond so he smiled instead. \"Ah you're the woman my Anna was talking about all the way home. I actually had to come back to drop off the check for this month's lessons but I'm glad I got the opportunity to meet you now. I'm also pleased you have someone to help you Ms. Vanski and it's a pleasure to meet you Tiffany.\" He said giving another smile. I saw his eyes move rapidly up and down the length of my body before he turned to walk down the hall. \"Whoa…I do believe Mr. Andy Williams just checked you out.\" Lois said smirking as we walked out of the building. I didn't say anything but instead asked more about the girls I would be helping instruct. I wasn't really paying attention though, I thought how fucking weird it felt to be looked at like that and so directly, it had been some time. The way his eyes moved up and down me…it felt a little vulgar and rude yet I liked it. I swallowed at my thought process…maybe there would be a lot more in store this term at Hanlow Dance Academy, than I thought. Pat's Point of View: I traced my finger along the brim of the glass erasing the water droplets that had formed along its edge. I heard a car honk and looked up to see cars moving by slowly. A car at the end of the street hadn't responded in a timely manner when the light turned green so the douche behind him was going to let him know. I shook my head; I understand his impatience the heat wasn't helping people's humor. The sun shone down brightly making everything glow. I was glad it was august just because it was that much closer to autumn. \"Sir, would you like a refill?\" I turned to see the waiter standing beside my table; a polite smile formed on his lips below his thick mustache. Beads of sweat were visible on his brow while the sun blazed above his balding head. \"You should put some sunscreen on that\" I said pointing to his scalp, \"You'll be screaming murder when it hits 3'oclock.\" I said bluntly. He nodded caught off guard, \"Thanks for the tip sir.\" He said a little embarrassed as he filled my water glass before disappearing inside the restaurant. I looked at my watch, 1:15. She still wasn't here. 15 minutes late, I was beginning to feel impatient. I looked up to see a woman coming down the street heading in the direction of where I sat. She was hazy from the heat rising off the pavement but I felt my stomach clench, her long dark hair flowing over a dark blue dress, her figure was sleek and sexy as she walked easily in what must've been 6-inch heels, her eyes were covered by dark sunglasses. I watched mesmerized, she was coming closer and I didn't even blink. The next moment someone was sitting down in front of my vision and my eyes became unfocused. \"Hey Pat, sorry I'm late.\" I blinked. Nikki sat smiling in front of me with her glossy strawberry blonde hair and red lipstick. I just sat there blankly staring at her and when I turned my head to the left of Nikki's head I saw that Tiffany had vanished. I knew it was Tiffany; there was only one woman that grasped my attention that way and held my bodies reaction so vividly. \"Pat? Are you okay?\" Nikki asked worriedly. I turned to look at her. \"Sorry, yeah I'm here.\" I said rubbing my eyes, maybe I had imagined seeing Tiffany. She was absurd, gorgeous and treacherous and absolute perfection all in one. Jesus every time I saw her, in my dreams, across the street, in my imagination, she did something to me that I couldn't shake off. \"This is a nice place I love that you can sit outside.\" Tiffany said looking at the menu. I nodded, \"it's hot.\" I said wiping the sweat off my forehead. She looked at me and I bit my lip back trying to read her thoughts. I hadn't read anyone emotions since Tiffany and I didn't care too, but in this case it was just going back. I used to read Nikki a long time ago when we were married, I had to try to figure out what was bothering her or what was on her mind because that's what you had to do in a marriage, make it work…try to solve the problems and communicate. I sat there staring at Nikki's solemn face thinking this is crazy. Tiffany's Point of View: I was so glad to reach the café at the end of the block I went inside without reluctance. I felt immediately better by the air-conditioned space. I peered anxiously around the cafe; don't lose your cool I chided myself. I saw him at last sitting at the corner booth. He looked up and seeing me began to raise his hand to wave me over. I nodded and pointed to the bathroom to let him know I would be joining in a minute. I went into the ladies room and saw a dark haired woman staring back in the bathrooms mirror she held an uncertain look in her eyes. I like him, that's why I'm doing this I reminded myself. I washed my hands and straightened the wrinkles in my dark blue dress. I put my sunglasses in my purse and headed out of the bathroom. \"Hey Andy\" I said sitting down. \"You look amazing. That color does something with your eyes.\" Andy said smiling at me while handing me the menu. \"Thanks, it was a debate to wear a dress or shorts in this steamy weather.\" I said taking a sip of cold water the waitress had just set down in front of me. \"Well just think fall is around the corner and before you know it, snow will be coming down.\" He said. \"Time does fly… I love October it's my favorite time of year. You know your daughter is already ready for our Christmas event and its 3 and a half months away?!\" I said a grin appearing on my face. Anna was precious, I had to admit she was definitely my favorite of all the girls Lois and I taught, it had been a solid month since I'd started, and I loved Anna's spunk and passion for dance, she reminded me of me in those aspects. \"She is always telling me something about dance or what she's doing in practices and I do hear your name mentioned more often than not.\" Andy said smirking, \"She's quite taken with you, and I really am not surprised.\" Andy said as he caught my eyes. \"Oh yeah?\" I asked as a little flush appeared in my cheeks, I felt weirdly embarrassed by him telling me this. \"You're beautiful, smart, funny, and talented and I have to admit…I'm quite taken with you too.\" I walked home that afternoon with mixed emotions, but feeling very happy for the first time in a long time. I liked Andy a lot even though he was the type I never would have imagined myself being attracted too, his tacky lines and quirky sense of humor, and not to mention his business like demeanor and style, I never saw him without a tie or wearing a suit and vest. Not that that was a big issue. He was the owner of a brokerage company after all and was usually traveling on business, so his attire probably became a daily requirement. I knew Anna loved her dad enormously but I'm sure there was a void in their relationship because of his constant travels. I wasn't ready to become attached to anyone yet but there was plenty of time so I was ready to take things bit by bit. Yet the first thing to pop in my head when I got home and opened my door was Pat. Pat's Point of View: It had been a month and a half since that hot hazy august day where I'd been delusional about seeing Tiffany. Nikki and I had been seeing each other regularly. I was becoming oddly comfortable in her company and we would take long walks together in the evenings, it was now almost October and the leaves were transitioning from summer green to the gold's and reds of autumn. Time was moving rapidly. It was just a regular Wednesday morning when I decided to grab a hot coffee before heading to work. As I stood in the long line of coffee alcoholics waiting to place my order, I thought of the verdict I would be giving my boss on whether I'd take the position of traveling to Delaware for an important 3 month study that would be held there. The positions were open for selected school teaches from around several selected states that held high standard and rankings. The selected professors would be meeting to learn as well as teach from a different perspective and technique. Upper Darby, PA had been one of the selected states and the high school I taught at had been the highest ranking for the district. I had originally said no, there was no way in hell I was leaving my current position and students. Yet lately I've had an itch, a desire for change. I need a break, to get out of Darby for some time, and it would be a good thing. \"Pat?\" said a voice that made my whole body react. I turned to see Tiffany standing to my left staring directly at me. She held a coffee in her hand, \"Tiffany, hi!\" I said in my cheerful isn't it just fucking great to see you tone. I felt a little shocked, it had been so long since I'd seen her. \"Wha— \"What—…\" we both spoke at the same time. Tiffany nervously laughed and then gave me a small smile. I smiled back, but genuinely this time unlike my false \"hi\" I'd just given her. \"Long time…\" I said as I moved forward in line. \"Yeah, yeah it has been you're right. How've you been?\" she asked following me to the front counter. \"What would you like sir?\" said a young girl behind the counter. \"Tall Expresso, thanks.\" I said putting down a $10 and not even looking at the girl. Tiffany's Point of View: I couldn't believe I was standing next to Pat Solitano. I hadn't seen him in what felt like ages yet here he was. I was trying to suppress a smile while Pat put down the $10 for the coffee the girl was blushing furiously staring straight at him. I turned to look at him myself, he was wearing a black long collared shirt the sleeves rolled up to his elbows and the top buttons undone to show his tan chest, he was wearing beige dress pants and a leather belt. He looked fucking hot and there was no denying it. I understood why this girl found him so infatuating. I hadn't noticed that Pat was looking at me now while I was still busy staring off into space. \"Tiffany?\" he asked his eyebrow raised. I turned. \"Ye—yeah…Hey you look good, you going to the Oscars tonight?\" I said teasingly while narrowing my eyes and reaching over to playfully punch his arm. I tried not to notice but an unbelievable sexy half smile appeared on his face. \"TALL EXPRESSO FOR PAT!\" the flirtatious air that had built between us within seconds, strong and heavy was just as rapidly relinquished when a loud woman in the back announced Pat's drink was up. He walked over picking it up and I followed. \"Walk out with me.\" He said coolly. I said nothing but walked in front of him to head out the door, I glanced back only to see the young girl behind the counter jealously watching Pat follow me out. I knew it was wrong since he wasn't mine, but I felt damn good walking out knowing half the women in that coffee joint were envious of this tall sexy man they presumed to be my boyfriend. We stood there on the street and Pat took a sip of his coffee \"Oww! Jesus Christ that's fucking hot! What the hell were they thinking?! Let's boil his nuts off ?!\" Pat said his face skewed into an expression of pain. I couldn't suppress the giggle in my throat that erupted as laughter. I just stared at him my eyes watering as I continued to laugh at what he'd just said and how he'd said it with his eyes all squinty and face wrinkled like a prune. He couldn't help but began to join in my laughter. I finally stopped and I hadn't realized I'd rested my hand on his arm to anchor myself from my momentary stomachache. He just stared at me a smile on his face and I chuckled as I said, \"That was priceless…\" he frowned. \"Yeah, well so is my tongue.\" Pat said looking into the coffee shop window with a look of irritation. \"Oh stop, you're being a big baby it's just a little burn.\" I said slapping him on the back and casually walking away. He turned and followed. \"Yes Tiffany I'm the big baby when you're the one that got…\" he stopped suddenly and continued walking. \"Got what?\" I said curiously. \"Nothing, it's from the past.\" Pat's mood had suddenly changed, a defensive cold air like he'd just put up a wall against me. \"So? Go ahead and fill me in…what was I a big crybaby about? It was probably a hell of a lot worse than a coffee burn.\" I said rolling my eyes…the memory of his face came back to me and I started smiling again. He stopped and turned to look at me. I felt his eyes discerning my emotions. He then walked up to me and I felt my foot lose balance when I tried to step back from his fast advance. He caught me with his arm and I didn't resist his hold. \"Yeah…I believe it was a dead mouse by your toilet, I woke up to you screaming bloody murder and you had turned to run towards me when you twisted your ankle. And yes Tiffany Maxwell…you cried.\" An wicked smirk materialized on his lips and his eyebrow rose as if to say Ha. I was taken aback at this and shuddered thinking of a dead mouse in my bathroom. I hated mice especially one near me, dead or not. I had to defend my dignity somewhat … \"Well Pat Solitano…I probably fucking cried because I sprained my ankle.\" Pat began to laugh and I felt my temper rising. \"What's so funny about that?\" I asked crossing my arms after pulling away from him. \"No nothing at all except when I took you to the E.R. the doctor said it was just a minor sprain.\" He said and turned to walk ahead. I caught up after feeling immediate defeat, there was no way around that. I was surprised I'd given in so easily and especially in front of a guy…then I remembered this Pat wasn't just any guy especially at that time in my life…he was the guy I trusted my life with. A horrifying feeling overcame me as I ran to catch up to him, he must know every single thing about me, I could already sense he knew the real me, the one buried beneath all the outside layers I exposed, but he knew the deep ones, the ones I never showed anyone, let alone anyone understanding them. I felt queasy all of the sudden and stopped. Pat turned and seeing my face immediately walked over to me a worried expression evident on his face. \"You alright?\" He rested his hand on my shoulder concerned. \"You look like you're about to pass out whitey,\" he said setting down his coffee on a nearby bench. He led me to it and we sat down. I leaned back and closed my eyes. \"Thanks.\" I muttered still feeling the wave of nausea. \"If it helps, there were only a few tears.\" He said in a sincere tone. I opened my eyes and turned to look at him. He put his hand out gently wiping a stray strand of hair from my eyes. His warm touch sent chills up and down my spine as his fingertips grazed the tender spot behind my ear, tucking the hair safely in place. My eyes locked with his. \"I wiped the rest away.\" He said and then gave a slight smile. I had no words in response; I was electrified by his sudden touch and what words he'd just spoken. It wasn't a cheesy one liner coming from Pat because I knew what he'd told me was uttered in truth, he knew me. And I didn't know him. The protectiveness I could sense in his tone was real, as was this odd feeling I had with him so near me. I still hadn't said anything. Pat glanced at his watch. \" Shit, I got to run my class starts in 10 minutes I'll see you Tiffany.\" He said and before I could respond he'd grabbed his coffee picked up his briefcase that I hadn't even noticed he'd been carrying, and was off down the street. Gone. I didn't even get to tell him that I'd had a faint remembrance of him carrying me but I never understood why or where. Now I remember clearer than ever of him carrying me in his arms as he walked into the E.R. Pat…I do remember that. I whispered. END NOTES: Welllll I hope you liked this chapter! I know a lot was going on and surprisingly I didn't really leave it on a cliffhanger as I usually do….( SAD DAY) but I thought I'd give you guys a break from that! The next chapter is my favorite and I'm still polishing and adding to it …so be prepared! PLEASE REVIEW and give me your thoughts, feelings , feedback about the chapter— Thanks guys![Chapter 9] Authors Note: Hey guys! Sorry it's taken me so long to update I really haven't had time to add anymore to this chapter but I will get there at some point anyways I didn't want to keep you waiting any longer so I'm posting what I have so far! This is my favorite chapter so I hope you enjoy : ) Oh and thanks to Andrea Cherrypie for letting me know my confusing present and switching to past tense- I apologize for that! I will try to go back and make sure I haven't done that- I am sure that must be confusing! I am not sure if this chapter may contain some of those errors so if it does contain some I apologize in advance I haven't had a chance to go over and correct that. Thanks! Chapter 10: Tiffany's Point of View: It was December now and everyone was happily walking around with smiles on their faces. It was the Christmas month and time for shopping and holiday joy, all that stuff I could care less about. Hanlow Dance Academy was having their annual Christmas show and Lois and I were getting excited. \"Two weeks away today!\" she said cheerily as we drank hot cocoa sitting on my sofa. \"I know our girls have been working so hard.\" I said a chuckle rising in my throat. \"Anna came up to me last week and started twirling saying she practiced so much she thought her head was spinning off. Her eyes got so big when she told me this that I had to bite my lip back from laughing.\" I said my chuckle releasing into a laugh. Lois smiled. \"She's got such a sense of humor and is the sweetest little girl…what might I ask are your feelings towards her father?\" Lois said slowly testing my reaction as she mentioned Andy. I had to admit I was caught a little off guard. \"Oh…I don't know. He asked me for dinner after the performance and I said I'd think about it.\" I said casually. I was feeling so unsure of myself with him. I liked him very much; he was sweet, mature and attractive. He also wasn't too bad off with money, but I just wasn't ready for anyone on a serious level. I hadn't seen Pat in over two months now and was almost definite from the last time I'd seen him he had gotten back together with Nikki. I didn't want to ask Veronica though when I called to invite her to our school's event, I was afraid she'd say something even more shocking like \" Oh of course they are Tiffany, Pat even proposed to her!\" \"Tif?\" Lois asked seeing me lost in thought. \"Oh sorry, yeah I suppose I am planning on saying yes.\" I said while taking a sip of my drink, but inside I was feeling unsure, I didn't want to get involved with one of my student's father either, he wasn't too old he was in his mid-30's and his little girl Anna loved me which made things easier in that perspective but much more difficult if I got involved with him only to find out it wouldn't work. \"Listen Tif, don't rush into anything, I can see your mind is elsewhere. Anyway the dance is soon enough so let's just focus on that.\" She said giving me a nudge on my shoulder. I nodded back. Saturday December 12 th : It was at last the night of the performance. Lois was wearing a gorgeous red dress covered in red sequins. She lit up the floor as we had rehearsed earlier that day. Our little dancers all wore red velvet ballerina skirts with sparkles over their red leotards and red satin slippers. They were absolutely adorable; I still found it hard to believe how attached I had become to my part in this Dance Academy. I had become a mushy gushy sop with the girls and Lois had become my best friend and a constant reliance. The Christmas performance was starting in only 15 minutes now and butterflies fluttered in my stomach. The hall was full and still more people came rushing in to find their seats. It was a beautiful setting, the outside halls were polished and the marble floors reflected the decorated chandeliers hanging from above. I walked the upper balcony as people came in, the women's high heels and men's dress shoes echoing in the vast hall. Their excited voices and smiles as they walked past, I was about to go down the corridor when I heard a loud woman's laugh. It caught my attention because it sounded so familiar; a chill ran down my spine. I walked back cautiously to the edge of the balcony. There I saw an extremely handsome man dressed in a tuxedo and a woman's arm linked with his. Her hair was put up in a bun and she wore a green dress, but these factors registered after I realized it was Nikki. Soon after they had passed I saw Pat's family come in, I just stood there feeling stung. Why in the fuck should I care? I already knew they would be together. Yet it still troubled me. I shook my head trying to clear my mind and quickly hurried down the corridor. The performance was starting in 5 minutes. Pat's Point of View: I had just taken my seat in the loud and filled auditorium, Nikki was busy chatting to Veronica while my parent's, brother and Ronnie were talking about the last Eagle's game. I was focused on one thing. The paper in my hands telling me that Tiffany's performance was the first one after the introduction. The youngest group performed first. I sat waiting, my heart filled with anticipation... I was expecting to be surprised when I saw her but not for my heart to falter. She came waltzing gracefully across the stage wearing a black ball gown flowing around her waist, and then I realized it wasn't a ball gown but instead a flowing ruffled ballerina skirt that barely touched the floor and was attached tightly around a black leotard. Her shoulders and lower back were exposed tastefully, revealing her satin skin, I thought of when I used to trail my fingers along her back and below her neckline, I would reach down to taunt her with soft kisses until she wriggled from my touch, that was when I'd pin her arms with mine and gently kiss her behind her ears. She hated that. No , she lied she fucking loved it. I felt my body respond to these reflections. My hands clenched into fists and my mouth became dry and hot. Her dark hair rolled over her shoulders and was curled at the ends. She was simply spectacular; I felt like I had left my body and was standing there in front of her staring into her venomous blues, her eyes had always mesmerized me. Devilish and sizzling with her spirit and temper, no one else noticed but I did, every single time. She was announcing the names of all the ballerinas that would be coming out a moment later, but I was busy paying attention to her every movement, the way her body moved when she raised her hand in gestures and the way her mouth formed words and then arched into a stunning smile, the smile I found so rare. I knew when she walked offstage that there would be no hope for me without having her. Tiffany's Point of View: I had to pretend that Pat wasn't out there but I knew he was so it was useless. When the performance was finished an hour later my feet ached and all my little dancers were wound up, excited, and ready to greet their thrilled parent's and grandparents. I walked out with Lois to take credit as their instructors. It must have been a thousand thank you's and oh what precious girls you teach! Before most of the hall had emptied. The hour was late and only a few people were still lingering, mostly instructors and a few parents. I walked back to the auditorium and saw it was empty and the stage was glowing exquisitely, calling to me. I walked down the long aisle that dipped before reaching the vast stage above, I walked up the steps and stood below the blue and white light's that made the black wood floors shimmer like diamonds, the fake snow flakes only added to this sparkling effect and some still fell that were left over from the last performance of Swan Lake. The finale held that mysterious glow of lights as snow had fallen to transform the swan into a beautiful princess. I felt sadness wash over me as I stood there on the empty stage. I walked slowly across the floor my skirt swishing around me. I heard the Christmas music outside in the entranceway, it echoed through the open doors of the auditorium. Suddenly I began sweeping myself across the stage and started dancing, my body moving with speed as I gracefully spun, I reached down with my arms holding my left leg high above me until it ached from it's stretched position, I let go and moved in various twists letting my hands flow out before me and following the movements of my body. It was then that I felt something warm grasp my hand and pull me into a spin. I opened my eyes to see Pat staring back as he twirled me on the stage. My heart didn't have time to react except that a smile grew on my face until there we were smiling at each other as we blew the snow off the stage with our swiftly moving feet. When the song outside stopped so did we. He still held my hands and I saw the blue lights reflecting in his eyes, he looked incredible standing there in front of me, like the prince from Swan Lake that had just discovered his beautifully transformed princess. \"Hello stranger…\" he said a slanted smile appearing on his mouth. There was both awe and desolation he held in his gaze and I hated seeing it. \"Hi…\" I said and didn't dare blink in fear the moment would pass. I didn't know how it happened next within only seconds but I was leaning towards him, his mouth coming closer towards mine, my stomach fluttering, and heartbeat increasing all at once. \"Tiffany! I've been looking all over for you!\" came a shout from the top of the entrance of the auditorium. My heart sank; I recognized the voice as Andy's. Pat let go of my hands and turned to see a man hurrying down the aisle. Andy reached the bottom of the stage and gave me a peculiar look as he saw Pat and I standing there inches apart. I quickly stepped backwards, I awoke from the dreamy delusion I had stepped into, and I quickly recuperated and turned to Andy. \"Oh sorry Andy this is Pat, he's a friend…of my sister's husband.\" I said changing the sentence I was going to say around to fit the actual circumstance of Pat and my relationship, we honestly weren't even friends, just two distant strangers that had shared a dance. I started walking past Pat towards the stairs. \"Nice to meet you Pat.\" Andy said walking to greet me. \"Tiffany, doll, are you ready? The reservation is at 11:30.\" He said taking my hand and smiling. I nodded and tried to keep my emotions in check. I heard Pat's voice call out from behind as Andy and I started walking up the aisle towards the exit. \"Goodbye Tiffany, I hope you find your silver lining.\" I turned around before going through the doors but Pat was gone. I felt a tinge of angst, but I quickly pushed it away and Andy and I reached the doors to leave. It was late and the people that had been lingering were gone. It was cold but refreshing as Andy opened the door to the outside streets, they were lit up with Christmas decor and snow slowly began falling from the dark skies. \"Look Tiffany it's snowing!\" Andy said clenching my hands tightly as he smiled. I smiled back, but my heart was aching on the inside for reasons I was trying to deny. I glanced at the person I had seen in my peripheral vision as Andy and I had exited and now found my mouth opening when I saw that, that \"person\" was a certain strawberry blonde. There was no ignoring her either; she was staring straight at me, and there sure as hell wasn't anyone behind me. Andy nudged me, as we stood there locked in place. \"Do you know that woman Tiffany?\" He said in a low voice to me. \"N—I mean yes, I suppose I do. Hang on Andy this will only take a moment.\" I said as I walked towards her. I wanted to immediately be a bitch and ask her what the hell she wanted but as I approached I saw that she had been crying, clearly there were still tears clinging in her misty eyes. I reacted with confusion and was tongue-tied, I hated when people I hardly knew cried. Fuck I hated when people cried in general, I wasn't a consoler nor was I ever going to try to be. \"Nikki…?\" I said questioningly. She sniffled and smiled as she saw how shocked I was. The loose tears that had been clinging to her eyelashes flowed freely down her cheeks when they had moved upward to smile. She brought her hand up to quickly wipe them away. I noticed she held a white envelope in her hand. Before I could say anything words tumbled out of her mouth. \"Hey Tiffany…I'm sorry to be the one to tell you, I really am, but I have been trying to believe these past few months that Pat would love me again. I should've realized sooner that he's in love with only one girl and that it won't ever change. It's a solid fact. He didn't even have to tell me, I could feel it tonight when I glanced over at him during the performance, and he was staring at you as if you were an angel that had just rescued him or perhaps sent him to hell. He's been somewhere so far away these past couple of months and I can't even tell you how much I wanted him to love me and to forget you…but it was an unrealistic dream. I can't convince you of anything more than I could have him, but I thought I'd tell you now that I've made my decision. Such strength I had seen between you two from the very first time I saw you together, at a dance you don't remember, but oh how I was so envious of that strength Tiffany! Pat and I never were strong, and you gave him something I never could or can. I found this envelope in his drawer this morning. It was addressed to you, I didn't read it, and I knew then I had to let him go.\" She paused taking a deep breath to keep herself from letting more tears escape. She put her hand on mine and then handed me the white envelope. \"Goodbye Tiffany, I wish you the best in life.\" She said this while glancing at the man behind me. I closed my eyes in an uncomfortable wince. I don't know what came over me while Nikki talked but I had felt like someone had just punched me hard in the gut, my stomach ached and my eyes were burning but not from the cold, my heart felt strained as if it would shatter into a million pieces. I held onto the envelope my knuckles growing white from my forceful grip. \"Thanks.\" Was all I managed to say as Nikki nodded and turned to walk away. She was down the block and around the corner within the next minute. I just stood there staring into the space she had vanished from. \"Tiffany?\" I heard Andy call from behind. \"Tiffany?\" He asked again, worry in his tone when I didn't respond. \"Ye—yeah Andy, give me minute you go ahead and get in the car I'll be there soon.\" I said without looking at him. He asked if I was sure and I nodded. I heard his footsteps walk down the block and a car door open and close and an engine turn on. I opened the envelope my fingers numb and shaking. I felt more terrified than I had felt in a long time. I began reading and my breathing grew shallow and my heartbeat slowed. \"Dear Tiffany, I woke up this morning with a feeling in my heart, I knew I had to write you this letter and to be honest I haven't decided whether I'll give it to you yet. I'm proud of you Tiffany, you've done well these past few months and have gotten yourself involved with what you have such passion for. You truly are an incredible dancer. I have not been living with any such passion since your accident and haven't found any source to bring me to life; I can't deny that you are that source. I will see you tonight and will know whether I will give this letter to you, I never told you this, but that day I came home from work, furious with you for not having shown up at that dinner, I was going to propose to you. I knew the night of our dance competition I had to have you, that you would be my wife someday. I just lost it, I saw you had just woken up and I felt angry that you had missed my event because of sleep. I am so sorry for what I did, if I hadn't run out you never would've come after me and fallen. \" I can't blame myself.\" everyone tells me, but I fucking blame myself every goddamn day. I know it wasn't something planned or inevitable but I can't help thinking how unfair God is being by taking you away from me. He's done it in a much more painful way, more painful because there's nothing I can do but sit and watch, waiting for someone that I fear won't ever return. I've tried to make my peace and I wanted you to know that. You need to know that. I want you to be happy. I love you Tiffany, I will endlessly love you, and you have to know. You may not remember anything about me for the rest of your life but you must know my love for you is real, realer than anything you will ever see or touch. I'll see you tonight. -Pat I stood there, seconds passed and I just stood staring at the letter. I saw that some of the words were trickling black ink over each other and becoming illegible, it was because I hadn't noticed I'd began crying. I felt my knees giving way until I was bent over holding the letter in my hands. I felt all the emotion I'd been burying, rising up and overpowering my struggle to hold back. I'd been trying to hold back for too long now, and it was hitting me at last with full force. I knew what I had to do. I brought myself up and began running and I didn't stop. END NOTES: Sorry to leave you on a cliffhanger! But I will post again as soon as I can thanks for reading guys and please review![Chapter 10] Author's Note: Okay so I really have no excuse for my very, very postponed update! I do apologize- my classes have bee rough these past weeks with projects being flung at me every which way, but thank GOD summer is almost here! I won't hold you guys up any longer…enjoy this chapter and please review and give me your thoughts they are so very much appreciated! Believe it or not without them my lazy bowl of brains wouldn't have even gotten this far with this story (lol). Anyways enjoy! Chapter 11: Don't Say it's Too Late Tiffany's Point of View I didn't stop running till I was 5 blocks down from Hanlow Academy and my breath was gone, I was in a panic. I had to find Pat it was the only thing freshly on my mind. I had been living in a daze and it was as though someone had just lifted the foggy veil from my eyes, I saw that it didn't matter that most of my past memories hadn't returned, all that mattered now was that I needed him, I needed Pat. I pulled out my cellphone my hand's trembling partly from the cold but mostly from my own anxiety. \" Tiffany! I was just about to call you to tell yo—\" I cut my sister short \" Veronica I need to know where Pat is, do you have his number?! \" I asked in a tumble of rushed words. There was a slight pause and I could just imagine Veronica giving that dumb blank look she got before her wheels started turning and she understood. \"Why what's goi—\" I lost my patience. \" NOW! \" I shouted my voice reverberating into the phone. \" Calm down Tiffany, Ronnie just took him to the airport, he got a last minute flight to Delaware and I don't know when he will be back.\" Veronica sounded like a voicemail machine, as if I had just dialed Pat's number and she was the robotic answering machine that I reached at the end of the rings, delivering the bad news. \"Which airport…\"I said softly my voice the polar opposite of what it had been two seconds earlier. \"The Philadelphia International Airport, Tiffany what's going on this is really strange you aren't thin—\" *CLICK* I felt bad for hanging up on my sister in mid sentence but there wasn't any time to waste. The taxi pulled up to the airport half an hour later and I jumped out almost tripping over my feet to get a head start. I ran to the front counter after hurriedly glancing at the big screens that announced which flights were late, arriving, or departing. \"Hello how may I help you?\" The woman at the front ticket counter said in protocol formality. \"Have any planes taken off on destination for Delaware?\" I asked out of breath. She looked at me as if I were some delusional maniac, I'm sure I did look the part, my hair was going every which way from all my running and my makeup had run from my earlier tears, not to mention my gasping dramatic entrance…nearly slamming into the front counter. \"I'm sorry Mam' but I'm afraid the only evening flight heading to Delaware took off fifteen minutes ago. Now I'm sorry but if you aren't purchasing a ticket you're going to have to exit this line there's people behind you.\" I didn't even have the energy to call the attendant a bitch as I turned and left. I walked outside to all of the taxi's pulling up and people rushing to make their flight or greeting family or friends that had just arrived. I had missed him by 15 fucking minutes, all the time in the world to catch up to where I should've been from the beginning, and I missed it. I didn't even let the sting I felt all over get to me as I hailed a cab. I rode in silence all the way back to my neighborhood. My mom came out when she saw the cab pull up. I heard her ranting something about being worried and that Veronica had called saying I'd acted weird and how I should've just called mom and dad and the endless bullshit I wasn't in the mood to hear. \"LEAVE ME THE FUCK ALONE!\" I had nearly screamed at my parent's before running back to my apartment behind the house. I ignored the angry shouts of my father about respect and \"don't treat your mother that way.\" I lay in bed looking at the slowly spinning fan; I could hardly believe so much had happened in only one night. I ached inside and out, I wanted to tell Pat that I needed him, that it didn't matter anymore that I think I love him. The tears finally hit me. It's was going to be a long night. The next morning I got up with my head aching, I reached the mirror to see a red-eyed monster glaring back. I turned on the shower and got in, the cold water making me gasp and immediately waking me up. I turned the knob and felt recovery as hot water pelted into my skin, the steam soon following filled the small room until the shower glass was foggy. I closed my eyes and imagined if only last night I had kissed Pat, felt his warmth and the scent of him, masculine and fresh with an edge that made me crave him in ways most people would keep too themselves. It wasn't over, but it felt like it. My window of opportunity had come and gone and Pat had left. Delaware? I wondered why there, but I knew why he'd left. There wasn't anything holding him here. He probably had been planning to leave for a long time now, last night was his last hope that I would get my fucking self together which I hadn't. I shook the running water off my face in anger at that thought. I had been so stupid, all along the answer to my screwed up life was right in front of me. Everyone deserved a second chance; it's never too late. I untangled my hair and washed it, the smell of lavender and vanilla filling up the little bathroom, my eyes closed I pictured Pat coming in behind me. Feeling his touch invigorate me and yet my imagination could only go so far, the only thing we'd done was kiss and even that was enough to put me in a place I longed to go back too. I turned off the shower and got out, wrapping a towel around me. Only 20 minutes later I was standing across the street from Pat's house, I saw a mangled looking tree in the front lawn and thought how despite it's ugliness it was actually beautiful. I thought my eyes deceived me for a second because I saw something pink at the end of one its branches. I walked across the street and stood below the low hanging branch. It was a pink bud on the end, and it was December. I reached out with my hand to touch it. *Beep* I jumped back. My phone going off in my pocket had just scared the shit out of me. I felt irritated expecting a text from mom or Veronica, she'd already called 5 times this morning and left 5 voicemails. I didn't recognize the number displayed on my phone's sceen, but read the message. 610-354-2343 Unknown That's some tree. I felt my skin crawl, someone was watching me. They knew I was standing there beside it; I turned around quickly but didn't see anyone. I typed back. 610-367-3456 Tiffany Maxwell Who the fuck is this? I waited for a response still looking around but not seeing anyone 610-354-2343 Unknown Someone who loves you. I felt my mouth open slightly and my heartbeat increase. Did I dare hope… having a sudden premonition of who it might be. 610-367-3456 Tiffany Maxwell I don't think so… The next seconds were agony as I waited for a response from this stranger. 610-354-2343 Unknown Oh? Why not? I swallowed as I sent the next message. I was taking a huge risk by sending it, believing my hunch to be right. I could hear my heart pounding in my chest and I looked around again but saw nothing but empty streets. Even the air was still. 610-367-3456 Tiffany Maxwell Because you're in Delaware … 610-354-2343 Unknown No. I'm standing right behind you. Pat's Point of View: I thought I had died…that I had left the hell that I had been in for so long and gone to heaven when I called Ronnie back last night after landing in Delaware. \" Hey Ronnie I just landed, thanks again for taking me so last minute buddy.\" An anxious Ronnie on the other end, answered me. \" Pat…Tiffany went looking for you! Veronica told me she called her asking where you were and that she thinks she even went to the airport because Tiffany had asked which airport I had taken you too!\" I felt my stomach drop when Ronnie said Tiffany had been looking for me. I smiled. \"I'm coming back first thing in the morning.\" Now I stood looking across the way at the only person that mattered to me, ever since I'd first met her, the only woman I'd ever met to be brash enough to tell me to Fuck her with the light's off …. I'd known she was the one for me not because of that but because we fit, two crazy pieces out in the world that when put together made perfect sense, made each other whole. She didn't know yet that I stood watching her, about to change both of our fates. Tiffany's Point of View: I didn't know what to do when I read that. I found it difficult to turn around; my face broke into a smile when I saw Pat standing there across from me, only pavement between us. My vision became a bit blurry when the emotions hit, Pat Solitano was mere feet from me…he had come back. His eyes were bright even from where I stood, filled with absolute adoration and love, his sexy slanted grin frozen on his face. \"Hi stranger…\" I said stealing his line for once, tilting my head and wrinkling my nose while still smiling wide at him. \"Hey there…\" He said watching my movements and his eyes moving across my body; I could feel him taking in every detail of me as though he'd just seen me for the first time. \"Are you coming across or are you going to stand there gawking all day…\" I said sarcastically, raising my brow. \"I'm just taking in that tree, it's quite something.\" He said his eyes staring directly into mine. I tried to refrain from laughing, \"Yeah? What do you have to say about that tree?\" \"It's the most beautiful thing I've even seen.\" He said seriously his eyes not even moving from my body. I felt a laugh escape and he came striding across. We stood inches apart now both looking at each other. The first time we really saw each other. I saw his expression change and I knew what he was about to ask. \"Pat…I didn't get my memory back. I just remembered that I'm in love with you. I'm sorry it took so long.\" I said while taking his hand. A peculiar look came across his face. \"What is it?\" I asked upon seeing it. \"Nothing just a Déjà vu moment….\" And before I could respond I felt his lips moving against mine. I could taste sweet peppermint and I smelled that familiar masculinity and edge. I wrapped my arms around him as he held me strongly against him. There we stood under the oddly shaped tree, entangled in a fierce storm of passion, lust, and with new desire… all torment and remorse washing away. End Notes: Well the moment you all have been waiting for finally happened! I hope you enjoyed reading it as much as I did writing it, I am not sure how much further to go with this, I know we probably need a chapter of just Pat and Tiffany physical fluff…. you know what I mean! I forgot to make this story M but ah well I think we are all adults ; ) If you guys have any suggestions or want any other specific chapters before I officially wrap it up let me know! Or if you think this is a fitting end to leave it where it is. Thanks so much for reading—looking forward to the reviews and feedback! ","Summary":" I'll Walk This Road With You Authors Note: Hey everyone! I'm back again. To all of you that read my"},{"Movie":"Last Samurai","Title":"The Dragon-Flower 龍華","Author":"Arhani 'Hanny' Daforcena","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8876619","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was the sight of her eyes that drawn her to him and his son, eyes reminiscent of the largest sapphire that graced the hair ornaments of the most beautiful geisha in Shimabara. The girl was no older than fifteen, but she was holding a katana and a matching wakizashi, the two weapons tucked into her obi as if she had been a man… She was hiding under the eaves of the small roof over the gate to the inn he was heading to, seeking the smallest form of refuge from the merciless summer rain. There was no doubt that she was soaked to the core. \"Who are you, girl?\" he asked her gently, bending down slightly so that he could see her eyes. \"What are you doing here?\" The girl looked at him and bowed. \"My name is Tsubasa Ryuka,\" she answered, noting the change of expression upon his face. The name Tsubasa was one that was familiar to him. It was the name of a comrade of his that had fallen to the agents of the Shogunate just recently. Tsubasa had been as eccentric as Sakamoto Ryouma from Tosa had been, and had boasted on many occasions that he had trained his only daughter as a warrior just as he had been by his own father. There were even mentions that he left his title as a samurai to her, as his only child. Even stranger was that she was real and not some boast that they thought he had conjured when he was drunk. \"Chichiue,\" his son called to him. \"We should get her inside. She looks as if she'd freeze to death.\" Naturally, he agreed to his son, and told the girl to follow them in. \"Do you know where you are?\" he asked her further, and heaved a sigh of relief when she shook her head. The inn that they were heading into was not a common inn at all. It was the headquarters of the Choushu-han, one of the main domains that were fighting against the Shogunate to restore the Emperor to power, the other more powerful players being the Tosa-han and the Satsuma-han, Choushu's strongest allies. They were quickly ushered in by the mistress of the inn, who raised an eyebrow at her presence. \"Okami-san, please make sure that the girl is changed into dry clothes and is fed. A trick of fate has brought her here to us, and her life is about to change.\" The girl undoubtedly knew that he was directly addressing her, and bowed her head low. She was quickly given a bath and clean clothes by the landlady and one of her maids, and the man's son was sent to accompany her for the time being where the landlady could see them both. \"I'm Nobutada,\" the man's son introduced himself. \"My father is Katsumoto Moritsugu; we're here on the affairs of the Emperor.\" Her eyes widened at the mention of the name of Nobutada's father. \"My father said that your father is a great man,\" she replied, looking up towards the staircase where Nobutada's father had ascended. \"But… he speaks little about his work beyond that…\" She knew that he was fighting against the Shogunate, which was why he had joined the Choushu-han in their cause, but because of the threat of prosecution, he spoke little about the politics involved. It was done to protect her, his only remaining family. Her mother had died of illness when she was very, very young. Nobutada thanked her for the praise of his father. \"Well, actually, that's not saying a lot,\" he told her. \"Chichiue is a daimyo, but our lands are so small that we only have a village in our name. However, his position as the Crown Prince's teacher grants him the power to fight in this… conflict. That's all I know too.\" They spent the whole afternoon talking about themselves, where they came from, what they have seen, while Nobutada's esteemed father, Katsumoto convened with his old friends and comrades of what they were supposed to do with the young girl that he had found. \"Tsubasa was not lying at all when he said that he raised his daughter as an onna bugeisha,\" Katsumoto said to the men around him. \"The girl holds herself exactly like a warrior; she would be an important asset if we can find a part for her to play.\" One of them, Yamagata Kyousuke, did not agree with him. \"She is still a girl after all, what can she do?\" he asked Katsumoto, crossing his arms. \"Although it was undoubted that Tsubasa had been a highly talented swordsman, the same cannot be said of his daughter.\" Katsura Kogoro, the head of the Choushu-han, on the other hand, begged to differ. \"We need all the talent that we can get in these troubling times,\" he reasoned. \"If she is indeed an onna bugeisha, seeing her in action would even inspire more women to support our sentiments. We are, after all, fighting for the equality of all citizens of our country.\" That was the diplomatic way of saying that he would pit the best and most experienced fighter they had against the girl. If she won, she would be recruited into the Choushu-han's list of combatants, if she did not… \"Wait a minute,\" said yet another man. He was young like Katsura Kogoro was, the head of the Kiheitai, the militia arm of the Choushu-han. \"Even if the girl fails to prove herself, we still need to take care of her. She is Tsubasa's only daughter, and we owe a lot to him. It is not up to us to make it up to her?\" \"We are not a charity!\" someone argued, but Katsumoto knew better. Tsubasa's daughter was only but a child, but he knew that even she, had boundless potential. With the loss of her father, her training had stopped, but he knew that there was no reason for such a situation to continue. \"I will oversee her well-being and training personally,\" Katsumoto offered. \"She is more or less the same age as my son, and it would be healthier for him to be around children his age in these dark times.\" Thankfully, Katsura agreed with Katsumoto whole-heartedly. \"Perhaps, my friend, you would have even gained a new daughter.\" Katsumoto looked at the girl and his son, now talking animatedly to one another. \"We shall see, Katsura-san, we shall see.\" HAN: Hello there, people! It's Hanny here, and I would like to present my first legitimate Last Samurai fanfic! I have decided to return to my roots of writing fanfics of the Bakumatsu era, having written fanfics for Hakuouki and Rurouni Kenshin before. Please bear with the backstory for a few chapters, and I shall be presenting Nathan Algren to you soon! ^.^ See ya![Chapter 2] Simon Graham could have sworn that he had seen a red moon that night. His colleagues told him that he was seeing things, but he could not mistake that eerie glow that radiated high above the mountains… just looking at it when his gaze went out the window sent chills up his spine, telling him that evil was lurking around in the night. But then again, being someone who had travelled through most of East Asia, Graham had already learned that one's direct instincts were the most accurate, and the feeling of dread, was the chief amongst them all. Sipping his rice-wine from the plate-like vessel, Graham instantly felt the hairs on the back of his neck rise when he realized that someone or something was approaching him. Looking towards the area of the corridor, he was relieved to see the silhouette of a person of medium height and build, well, medium for the Japanese anyways, walking towards the courtyard. Ah, that would be young Ryuka, one of the rare few female warriors fighting with the Imperialist forces. She was a rarity, of course, an onna bugeisha, trained by Katsumoto Moritsugu, the Crown Prince's esteemed and influential teacher high in the mountains of Japan. Rumor has it that Katsumoto had received some form of Western education, and his son and Ryuka were able to speak English to some extent. \"Hello there, Mr. Graham,\" she greeted him when a polite bow, as was customary. Graham hastily returned the greeting, and returned to eyeing the red moon. In an instant, she sensed his sense of foreboding and stood beside him, her gaze cast upwards as well. \"There is a saying amongst my people, Mr. Graham, that whenever a red moon rises into the sky, a killer with the greatest hunger for blood is on the loose. The city of Kyoto will rain blood tonight.\" \"Well, I beg your pardon, young lady,\" Graham stuttered in reply. \"Where have you heard those stories from?\" Whatever Ryuka had said was not funny at all to him at all, but she was unable to keep a straight face. \"You do know that your tall-tale almost gave me a heart attack? I shall report this to your master…\" Ryuka chuckled, clearly giving in to his threat, no matter how empty it was. \"Those were tales that Shishou's men used to tell me when I was younger. But think about it, for a thousand years now, Kyoto has never seen a day or a night without bloodshed, what more in these troubled times?\" Once again, whatever she had said brought Graham the willies, because he knew that what she had said was right. The British trade mission could have picked a better time to sell weapons to the Japanese, but as destiny willed it, they arrived during a time when the country was deeply embroiled in civil war. In fact, the French and the Dutch have come into the picture as well, selling whatever they could to the Japanese, naïve in the ways of modern warfare, but it so happened that British had better weapons, and made faster, shorter work of the Shogunate forces who relied on weapons supplied by the rivals of Britain. From those words, Graham was left to wonder about the girl's upbringing. A Western child would have most likely been regarded as an insane, morbid one if they had been heard saying the things that she did, but there, in Japan, she was being made as an icon, if rumors were to be true, a sign that even the women of Japan are willing to fight, to be the masters of their own fate, to seek their own freedom. \"I thank you for informing me, child… Ryuka… was it?\" he replied, receiving a quiet smile and a nod in return. There was no doubt this girl had a mischievous streak, injecting the fact that she had not lost her personality in that terrible, terrible civil war. \"Ryuka!\" yet another voice called for the girl. It was a boy, more or less her age. Ah, Nobutada, Katsumoto's son and heir. \"Ryuka, Chichiue and Katsura-san wish to see you.\" Ryuka's face paled immediately. \" Both of them?\" she asked Nobutada, as if she was convinced that she was to be convicted of some crime already. Nobutada wasted no time. \"Yes, Ryuka, both of them,\" he answered curtly, not one to waste words, just like his father. Also, none of them mentioned why they had wanted to talk to Ryuka together, but he knew that there was nothing to fear on her part. She had not caused any mischief intentionally for a long, long while. Giving Graham a quick bow, Ryuka retreated into the inn with Nobutada. Passing the corridors one by one until they reached the right one, both knelt and called at the door before entering. \"Katsura-san, Chichiue, I have brought Ryuka here,\" Nobutada said, opening the shoji doors and then closing them after they were allowed in. There they were, Katsura, the leader of the Chōshū forces, and Katsumoto, the daimyo and Imperial Teacher, one of his staunchest advisors and allies. The two of them formed a part of the top command chain of the Chōshū faction, and were respected in the Satchō Alliance's entirety. Who wouldn't, when Katsura Kogoro was at the prime of his life, shrewd and incredibly agile in the intrigues of those dark days, and Katsumoto was already a well-loved patron and master of his people? \"Katsura-san, Shishou,\" Ryuka greeted, and they regarded her somberly. \"Do you know why you have been summoned here, child?\" Katsumoto asked her. Ryuka shook her head, and with a deep breath, he continued to speak. \"Katsura and I have decided that you are to take an active role in our endeavors henceforth, having completed your studies and martial training. From now on, you shall accompany our men during their missions, and ensure their safety from the Wolves that hound our brothers day and night.\" The Wolves, Katsumoto said. There was no doubt that he was referring to the Wolves of Mibu – the Shinsen-Gumi, lapdogs of the Lord of the Aizu domain. Tasked to protect the peace of Kyoto city, these men were actually ordered to kill anyone who was even suspected of acting against the Shogun. Altogether, the ten groups of men commanded by their commander Kondō Isami, have killed more Satchō brothers than they had the heart to count. \"I will gladly accept this task,\" Ryuka replied with a bow. She knew that as a young woman, she would not receive a big post or any mission of great importance, particularly when her Shishou was Katsumoto Moritsugu, who would most likely double her punishment should she fail, just because she was his apprentice, but she also knew that her allotted mission was one that was crucial to the survival of their men. She would accept it just the same, until the ends that they were fighting for had been achieved. \"What you are doing will also mean that you are highly visible,\" Katsura continued. \"You will serve as an inspirational figure to all the women in Japan. Show them what it means to fight for your own rights and your freedom.\" In all truth, Ryuka had never, ever thought about those things when she chose to follow Katsumoto into Kyoto city, which took the brunt of the civil war they were in. All she wanted to do was to make sure that her Shishou and Nobutada did not get themselves killed. She was not in for the glory, for the chance of being involved politically, or even to seek an able husband, but only to be with the men that gave her a new life once her father had died, to repay their kindness for taking her in, teaching her, guiding her as though she had been one of their own. \"Your father would have wanted this for you, Ryuka,\" Katsumoto added further. Tsubasa was once a Rangaku student, sent to study with the Dutch at Nagasaki from Chōshū, and from the Dutch he learned that in the Western world, all men were born the same and should be respected equally. By extension, he used that principle on his daughter as well. Ryuka had been diligent and obedient, but most of all, she carried herself with honor, which was more than he could say about his own men. Ryuka knew that there was no way that she could back down now. \"I hope that I will not let you both down,\" she said. As of yet, she was rather thankful that she was even given a sword. She would do whatever she could to aid the Imperialist cause, because by doing so, she would be aiding Katsumoto with his work. Now that she would be in active duty, it meant that she would have the chance to keep an eye on Nobutada when they were in the field as well. \"Of course you won't,\" Katsumoto replied with a flourish. \"You are your father's daughter, and my apprentice, are you not? I am sure that soon enough, you will be the pride of the Chōshū-han, child.\" \"You and Nobutada may leave now,\" Katsura said with a smile. Once again, the two younger ones bowed and left the room in utter silence, leaving Katsura and Katsumoto to continue their earlier conversation. \"So, how did it go?\" Graham asked Ryuka when she returned to the courtyard without Nobutada. The slight expression of fear was gone from her face, but instead, there was the face of determination, and also resolve, a dramatic change from the playful girl that was sent to meet her teacher. \"Did you get a lecture?\" Ryuka sighed. \"I am to accompany the men on their missions, to act as a bodyguard of sorts,\" she answered. \"It is an honorable charge.\" However, there was some form of shock on Graham's face. \"They're sending you to active duty?\" he asked her rather incredulously. Ryuka's eyes widened at his words, not understanding what he had meant at all. \"But… you're still a child, aren't you?\" \"I am sixteen this year,\" Ryuka answered, rather curious of Graham's sudden outburst. \"I could be married off if Shishou sees it fit at any moment… But I'm glad that he hasn't found me a husband yet.\" Graham, however, seemed like he was going to faint. But then again, the culture and traditions of the Japanese were vastly different from his own. It was only then at that moment when he realized that maybe the Japanese age of majority was a little younger than what he was used to in his culture. \"Well, you'll have to be careful out there, then. I still don't see the point of you being embroiled in all this violence, though.\" Ryuka sighed. \"All I want to do is to help Shishou out,\" she answered. It was the truth, clean and simple. She was not a person of lofty ideals or one who held illusions of grandeur that a new world could be cleft from the old with just a few strokes of a sword. Those hopes and dreams were for men like her father, or even Katsura, but not her. \"Don't worry about me, Mr. Graham. I'd seen my fair share of blood ever since my father passed on. I can handle myself well enough.\" \"I'm sure you do, child,\" Graham replied with a heavy sigh. Japan as a country was not well indeed, when teenagers like Ryuka had to fight, in the front lines no less, to defend those that they loved. He knew that there would be no shortage of lives lost on either side, what with other European countries fighting to sell their weapons to either side of the civil war, wanting to extend their trading with the winning side. At that point, everything was at a standstill, but within a few days, a great change was about to come. He could feel it in his bones.[Chapter 3] Dawn. The start of a new day, and as Ryuka opened the doors of her room, she looked towards the eastern part of the sky. The sun was red, just as she had predicted. There must have been another brutal murder last night. Reports came the moment breakfast was served. Three men had been claimed last night by the Wolves of Mibu. Two Japanese – their brothers from the Tosa-han, and one Westerner. Apparently, the Japanese were insulted in some way by the Westerner, who knew not Japanese culture, and a fight ensured, which ended up in all three men being dead, as was stated to the public by the members of the Shinsen-Gumi, but those of the Ishin-Shishi, they knew that things were far different from the truth. Those men were seeking to eavesdrop on an important conversation between Hijikata Toshizōand Kondo Isami at a local teashop with a few key Bakufu agents. Clearly, they had failed, and were discovered. It was as simple as that. But what puzzled everyone was the presence of the Westerner. What was his motive, and why was he there in the first place? \"He may be at a wrong place at a wrong time,\" one of the tallest men amongst them said. He was called Nakao – a samurai of the mountains loyal to Katsumoto. Proficient in ju-jitsu and the naginata he was quite the gambler, but had a large heart, a heart that had been buried to facilitate the actions that he would need to take in those dark and evil times. Katsumoto furrowed his brow while Katsura closed his eyes and sighed. It could be a possibility, but there was something more… sinister than just killing a random Westerner. \"It could be a plot…\" Nobutada blurted out, and immediately everyone's eyes were fixed upon him, waiting for him to continue his sentence. \"If the Bakufu knows that we are meeting with the British today, would they not try to paint us in a bad light? If our countrymen kill a Westerner, wouldn't they be afraid to continue their trade with us now? \" \"But that would mean that we have a spy in our midst,\" Katsura concluded. It was a fact that no one was willing to acknowledge, but one that they could not afford to ignore. The men grew silent at his words, no one dared to speak, wondering amongst themselves who was the spy. Katsumoto cleared his throat and eyed all that were present in the hall. \"There would be no use guessing,\" he said sternly while setting his chopsticks onto the rim of his rice-bowl. \"The spy would be revealed in time. He cannot hide forever. Besides… the Westerner who died was French, he was not British.\" Out of the many Western nations that entered Japan that hoped to win her people over with their wares, only the British sided with the Ishin-Shishi. Only the British dared to take a risk to side with those who would risk their lives for their own ideals, their own ends, and Katsumoto knew one thing that the Bakufu did not. \"The Westerner that they killed was not a British citizen, he was a Dutchman.\" Katsura raised an eyebrow. \"You knew the man?\" he asked his companion, who shook his head. \"Tell us, Katsumoto-san, how was it that you came to know the identity of the dead Westerner.\" \"He was simply wearing a Dutch naval uniform. The British prefer reds, I think,\" Katsumoto answered off-handedly after indicating that he had already seen the bodies. \"Besides, I am sure that the trade commissioner would be storming down the halls of this very inn if any British person was killed last night.\" Ryuka did not know whether to laugh or to grimace at her teacher's words, and continued eating her breakfast. Nobutada, on the other hand, just shifted uneasily. He was used to his father's deadpan humor, but he feared that the others would be offended by it. Thankfully, Katsura showed no indication that he was unable to stomach Katsumoto's words, and Nobutada was able to continue to face the other men in the room. \"Ryuka, what are your views on this?\" Katsura asked Ryuka after noting that she had been silent for a long while. \"What should we do if there is a spy among us?\" Bowing, she answered, \"I think that we should wait, like Shishou said. If there really was a spy, he might be dining with us right now at this very moment, and we can do nothing about it without breaking up our ranks from the inside.\" Katsura nodded and shared a knowing look with Katsumoto. The girl was a shrewd one, just like her father was. \"It looks like we have made the right choice in deciding to bring Ryuka to the forefront, my friend,\" Katsura said after Ryuka had left after breakfast with most of the men. \"She is sharp of wit… most men would find a woman like her a most able wife.\" \"I only ask that he will regard her in a manner that she wishes,\" Katsumoto replied at his friend's rather playful jest. He knew that Katsura would not even dare to bring it up to Ryuka. \"She was not raised as a common girl.\" \"A Westerner, then?\" Katsura asked. \"Would that suit her tastes more?\" \"We shall have to see,\" Katsumoto answered. \"Shouldn't we move soon, Katsura-san, we have a meeting to attend, do we not?\" The air was tense in the widest room of the stately teahouse that the British had chosen to meet with the Chōshū forces, Graham thought that those with swords could easy cut it into thin pieces, but the tension resided not between the British and the Chōshū, but right within the Chōshū faction itself. There they were, the proud Japanese that had actually called to remove all foreign influences from their government, participating in talks to buy the latest British weapons to defeat the Bakufu, who were buying French ones. \"Brothers, we cannot argue amongst ourselves any longer,\" said one man of medium height and stocky build. His name was Omura Masujiro, the son of a physician, and one of the many Rangaku scholars that had known Ryuka's father. \"If we are to defeat the Bakufu, we must acquire these weapons.\" \"How do we know that we can trust them?\" Yamagata asked Omura. One of the youngest of the top command chain in the Chōshū-han, Yamagata was ever-cautious and stalwart. No one could move him at all if he was not convinced. \"What if their weapons backfired and we were shot by bullets instead?\" Graham cleared his throat. \"Yamagata-san, I am quite sure that these weapons were made with expert hands,\" he translated on behalf of the British Trade Commissioner. \"You can test them out if you wished, in an open area.\" \"We cannot do that now,\" Katsumoto replied in English and then in Japanese. \"Doing so would be an open act of defiance to the Bakufu, giving them more than enough cause to call an all-out attack on us.\" The pain and humiliation of the First Chōshū Expedition was still fresh in his mind, he did not want to further risk the safety of his men any more than he needed to. \"Well then, we should come with a compromise,\" Katsura said, breaking the stalemate. \"We shall have a few of the British agents as our 'guests' while we figure out a way to test their wares while we provide our own men to act as theirs.\" The room was immediately silenced, save for Graham who continued to translate. Ryuka and Nobutada remained stoic, while Katsumoto was… troubled. It was a good call by Katsura, but he did not know how feasible it would be. Nevertheless, his eyes turned towards that of the British tradesmen and cocked an eyebrow at them. He certainly did not want most of them to know that he could speak English, and decided to decipher whatever they had to say about Katsura's suggestion. \"Are you mad? They'll slit our throats if they have the chance!\" one of them haggled. \"We don't have a choice, do we? If we walk out of the deal, someone else might jump in!\" argued another. \" They are the ones desperate for the guns, make them sign on our terms!\" insisted yet a third. At the end, it was Nobutada who offered himself up. \"I volunteer myself to be a guest of the British,\" he said calmly, not even looking at Graham, the interpreter, but at Graham's bosses directly. As always, Katsumoto offered a stern nod, proclaiming his approval of his son's actions. However, he reached his hand to the left just as Ryuka was about to rise, tapping on the back of her hand once. Hers was a stern warning not to emulate Nobutada at all. \"Lord Katsumoto's son volunteers,\" Graham translated, emphasizing on Katsumoto's identity as a daimyo, which could at some amount of credibility to him. \"I'll go then,\" said a dark-haired man with green eyes. Two others followed, and so two more from the Chōshū-han also volunteered themselves. They exchanged sides and sat down stiffly, each regarding their \"new\" environments. \"Well then, where were we…\" the Trade Commissioner asked, only to be interrupted by a large group of shadows suddenly visible from the shoji doors. Slowly, at the back of the room, Ryuka stood up and raised her katana from its katana with her thumb. She sensed trouble was at hand. \"This is the Third Unit of the Shinsen-Gumi, open this door!\" Quickly, the British opened a hidden door that looked like a cupboard for their clients, and all of them went through it. No wonder they had chosen that particular tea-house for the meeting-venue. It was most likely that the British already knew that the Shinsen-Gumi would barge in at any time. Graham gulped and opened the door the moment the last of the Chōshū had escaped, only to find fully-armed men with their katana ready to cleave necks right before him. \"Gentlemen, I assure you that we are merely enjoying tea…\" One brandishing of a katana was enough to silence him. The British Trade Commissioner steeled his expression and nodded at the tall, lanky man that carried the headband of the Captain. He was an imposing man with the air of a killer. \"I smell a rat,\" the Captain said. His name was Saito Hajime, one of the Shinsen-Gumi's most fearsome swordsmen. His voice was deep and rough, the voice of a jaded warrior. \"They must not be far.\" \"What do we do about the Westerners?\" asked one of the Shinsen-Gumi. \"Leave them,\" Saito ordered. Before long, another one of his subordinates came in and reported that Katsumoto had been spotted running into a back-alley nearby. Without wasting any time, he quickly ran out of the tea-house, making sure that he would catch the biggest prey ever. \"The Wolves of Mibu are behind us!\" Nobutada exclaimed, immediately unsheathing his katana. However, his father came up to him and made sure that he stayed out of danger. \"But Chichiue!\" \"Let Ryuka and I take care of this. You will keep Katsura-san safe,\" Katsumoto interjected while Ryuka came up beside him, ready to put up a fight. There was no choice for Nobutada but to obey his father's orders. \"Don't worry,\" Ryuka reassured Katsumoto right after his son left. \"I will make sure that none of those bastards rape Nobutada.\" As always, the Shinsen-Gumi had sent their pawns first, with Saito glowering behind the ten men that had come with him. The first two men that dared to even approach the teacher and student were cut down in mere seconds. Katsumoto chuckled. \"I was about to tell you the same thing, child,\" he retorted, piercing his katana into the belly of yet another Shinsen-Gumi lapdog while Ryuka knocked another one onto the nearby wall with a powerful kick, killing him by throwing her wakizashi into his heart. They were sure that they had caught Saito's eye. Looking back, Ryuka made sure that Katsura and Nobutada were safely at a distance and went into the stance that her father had taught her. \"You have the look of Tsubasa Shintaro on you, girl,\" Saito snarled. \"You must be that daughter of his, pretending to be a samurai.\" Ryuka harrumphed. \"I am one,\" she answered plainly, clearly agitating the Captain even more with her defiance. Her sapphire eyes were glowing, challenging the Captain. Seconds passed and the sudden gust of wind seemed to mark the start of what would be Ryuka's first major duel with a strongman from the enemy's side, but as they ran towards each other, katana in high guards, ready to rend flesh, many footsteps were clearly heard, along with the cries of at least fifteen men. \"Protect our lord!\" shouted a male voice. It was Nakao, who had clearly come from the Chōshū headquarters. Soon, both Katsumoto and Ryuka were surrounded by familiar faces, enclosed by a formation of raised swords. \"You will not take the lives of our lord, Mibu-dog!\" Saito straightened himself and sheathed his katana. \"There is no sport in killing such foolish hounds of a rebel lord,\" he jeered and turned his back on them. He and his men would return to their hold, and they would be ready to attack again at any hint of mischief. Once Saito had left, Nakao finally relaxed. \"That was the most frightening moment of my life!\" he exclaimed, knowing full well that Katsumoto could hear him. Saito Hajime's infamy as a cold-blooded killer far preceded him. In fact, he was so calm of mind and action that no hint of Ki, the spirit of the swordsman, could be sensed at all, which made him all the more intimidating. \"You, girl! You should have known better than to challenge him directly!\" Ryuka received a knock on the back of her head from Nakao for her \"carelessness\", while Ujio, Katsumoto's right-hand chastised his lord for being so reckless. \"The both of you are lucky that Nobutada returned to the headquarters in time,\" Ujio continued severely. \"If we had not been able to reach you…\" Katsumoto cut Ujio off with a smile and a hand to Ujio's shoulder. \"We would have been used as stew for Saito's dinner, I know,\" he said with a twinkle in his eye. \"I thank you all for coming to save us, and now, let us return so that we can further come up with a decision whether or not to buy those British guns.\"[Chapter 4] It was chaos. On the 4th of January, Tokugawa Yoshinobu, the last Shogun of Japan had formally seceded his authority to the Emperor, it had been a hard-won victory, but even as the Shogunate had apparently fallen, matters of the court were still directed to the actions of the Tokugawa family despite the Emperor's majority of 15 years of age. Katsumoto was furious while Katsura stayed with their men at the Chōshū headquarters in Kyoto. Saigo Takamori, leader of the Satsuma-han had physically threatened the court to confiscate the lands of the Tokugawa clan, but to no avail. Only slightly defeated, Tokugawa Yoshinobu moved to his stronghold at Osaka Castle. On the 17th of January, he issued an edict that he would not be bound by the proclamation of Restoration and ordered the Court to rescind it. Following further provocation by the Satsuma-han's ronin in Edo, he decided to attack Kyoto city, and the numbers that he was rumored to be sending were staggering. \"The Shogun has sent 15000 men to attack Kyoto!\" people shouted all over the city. Panic took the ancient capital city of Japan and its denizens evacuated east into the countryside. Those who could fight stayed there, guarding the seat of the Emperor. On the pretext of sending a letter to His Imperial Majesty to expose the so-called crimes of Ishin patriots at court like Katsumoto and his associates, the Shogun had deployed his soldiers from Osaka Castle in order to dislodge the Satsuma and Chōshū clans from the city. Both forces would not move an inch. Nakao did not like the odds that had been confirmed. They had been fighting in the city for several years, but facing an army that outnumbered them three to one was impossible. \"My Lord, are you sure we can survive this?\" he asked Katsumoto. \"Our men are well-trained and we have more Western weapons than they do,\" Katsumoto said, defiant over the vast discrepancy of fighters. He looked at the faces of both Ryuka and Nobutada. Over the four years of active participation in the conflict, the two of them had grown immensely. Having learned to fight as one unit, his son and apprentice had managed to stay a powerful and formidable force amongst the Chōshū ranks. Both of them showed no fear, and like him, they knew the Shogun had in fact made a terrible mistake by attacking them. \"The Shogun has misjudged his advantage over numbers alone; there can be no greater full than he.\" At Osaka Bay, British ships were making ready to fire at the Castle should Kyoto fall, due to the opening of Osaka and Hyogo as trading-ports just three weeks ago, and with the Shogun ill at bed, the morale of his men was so low that the 5000 men of the Satchō Alliance were sure to be able to crush them by spirit alone. On the 27th of January, the Shogun's forces were deployed, and all of the combatants under the banner of the Satchō Alliance were called to fight. \"Ryuka, you will go to the palace and protect the Emperor,\" Katsumoto ordered his apprentice once the first signs of cannon fire could be heard. \"The Court already knows of this arrangement, go!\" Ryuka refused. \"I will stay here with you, Shishou!\" she retorted, staring Katsumoto down with her sapphire eyes. \"You will do as you are ordered, Tsubasa Ryuka!\" Katsumoto roared. He had never used that tone of voice on Ryuka before, and thus, she knew that he was serious. \"You can find a charge no more honorable than this. Men would die for this chance. Do it for me, please. There is no one I trust more, child.\" Nobutada decided to stay with his father. \"Ryuka, I will take care of Chichiue,\" he reassured her with a soft smile so reminiscent of Katsumoto's. \"Go without worries.\" \"Then I will go,\" Ryuka replied and bowed to the both of them before leaving for the Imperial Palace. \"Be safe,\" she silently prayed, words that they would never hear. \"So, you are Tsubasa Ryuka?\" Young Emperor Meiji looked at the girl that his teacher had sent to protect him. The girl nodded and bowed. She wore gi and hakama as if she was a miko, but her attire was not red and white. Her gi was of a navy color, bordered by red flowers while her hakama was black, tied just below her bustline. Like the men she wore a katana and a wakizashi, having inherited the title of samurai from her father. He had heard of this miraculous onna-bugeisha, the other student of his wise teacher. He had heard of how she protected the men that rallied to restore his divine rights and powers from the Shogun's hold, how fearless she was in battle. But before him was a girl, slightly older than he was at 18, but still a girl nonetheless. Bowing again, she gave him an affirmative answer. Her voice was clear, but he was surprised that it did not sound like a man's. He thought a woman who fought like a man would most certainly act like one. \"I am here to protect Your Imperial Majesty, under orders of my Shishou, Katsumoto Moritsugu.\" Once her words ended, she lifted her head and returned his gentle gaze. \"I thank you for the honor of allowing my presence.\" Emperor Meiji was stunned. He had not seen such eyes before. Why… the color of her eyes matched that of her gi! \"Your eyes…\" he stuttered, and Ryuka bowed again. \"My mother was said to be a Dutchwoman,\" Ryuka answered plainly. \"She died when I was very, very young, but my father always told me that they had met in Nagasaki, where the Dutch were often seen trading with our countrymen.\" It was a credible story, for the Dutch had been the only Western government which Japan allowed trade with. For several centuries the Dutch had been based in Dejima, their only access point to the Western world… Also, it would be the only logical way that she could have such blue eyes. \"She must have been an extraordinary beauty, to have given the world a woman such as you,\" the Emperor continued, clearly praising Ryuka. No one had ever said those words to her before. Blushing, she retracted her head and stood at the place indicated by the nobles present. \"Ryuka, I have an order for you,\" he told her once the air had stifled a bit. \"You have been fighting by Katsumoto's side, yes? I want you to tell me everything that has happened. Do not leave anything out.\" Ryuka's eyes widened, but she did as she was told. That night, Saigo Takamori, Katsura Kogoro, Okubo Toshimichi as well as Katsumoto Moritsugu came to the Emperor for an audience. They reported to him that the Satsuma forces had encountered the Bakufu's troops on the Toba front, and rained them with cannon fire. There, their enemies were forced to retreat, but had the gall to set random houses on fire as they were pushed back. Such efforts only made them easier to be picked up by the sharpshooters of the Satsuma faction. The Emperor did not show any emotion. He did not speak at all, for that matter. Only receiving a nod after the first half of the report, the leaders of the Satchō Alliance carried on. \"Your Imperial Majesty, the Bakufu deployed the Shinsen-Gumi at Fushimi, backed by the Aizu-han as well,\" Katsumoto reported, \"the battle there was inconclusive, but we are sure that we would have the upper hand if the fight continues.\" It was then when the Emperor sighed. \"This fight must not continue,\" he told all of them. \"Ever since the Black Ships landed, there has not been a year of peace for our people. I do not wish to hear any more news of the dead and the dying.\" As young as he was, Meiji knew that the Shogunate was not able to win, not when the Satchō Alliance had greater arms, despite their lesser numbers. A new age was coming to Japan, and he knew that the winds of change did not favor the Bakufu, no matter what happened. \"I want this war ended within three years.\" All four of the Ishin-Shishi leaders were stunned. Traditionally, Emperors did not have any stand in politics at all. Katsumoto, although an Imperial Teacher, only instructed him knowledge traditionally taught to Emperors – history, poetry, writing, and a little geography. How could the Emperor have gained so much knowledge about the outside world? \"I asked Tsubasa Ryuka to tell me everything she knew,\" the Emperor explained. \"It seems that I have grown an extra pair of eyes since this morning.\" All eyes fell on Ryuka, who bowed slightly and said nothing more. \"I know now that war cannot be avoided, but it must be dealt with swiftly and quickly if peace and reform are to be properly settled within our nation.\" For the very first time, the Japanese courtiers heard the resoluteness of a young Emperor in what might have been centuries, and they were awed at the youth before them. It was at that moment when they knew that they had not made the wrong decision at all, that they were sure that this Emperor would be a fitting symbol to propel Japan to a new age. \"Then Your Imperial Majesty must be ready to do what Your Imperial Majesty's predecessors did not dare to do,\" said one of his ministers, one Iwakura Tomomi, the one who gave the green-light to the Satchō Alliance to seize the Imperial Palace. \"Your Imperial Majesty must grant the Satsuma and Chōshū-han the use of the Imperial Banners.\" The Imperial Banners depicted the sun and moon upon a red field, and once used in the battlefield, the combined forces of the Satchō Alliance would be part of the Imperial Army. Legally, they would have the right to exist, because no matter if the Emperor was a puppet, his army had more legal ground and backing than that of the Shogun's own. This was a weapon greater in might that the latest cannon or gun. It was a psychological one, one that would bring down the Shogun's army just by the very sight of it. \"Another step that must be taken would be to install Prince Yoshiaki to be the Commander in Chief of the Army,\" Katsura offered gently, knowing that the Emperor was already deep in thought. Prince Yoshiaki was the Emperor's brother, he himself a young man of twenty-two, a young man who preferred a more… ascetic lifestyle. The Prince would be one of the first Imperial figure-heads that would be used by the Satchō Alliance, and Ryuka knew that the Emperor would be next. \"I will grant you every wish so long as you give me only victory,\" the Emperor said with a sigh. \"Only victory can ensure the preservation of your lives now.\" Oh, they all knew that failure was not an option. It had never been an option for them, for if they had lost, it would mean that their efforts would have gone for naught, but also, their lands, and their families would suffer. The treason that they had committed was enough to ensure beheading, and not hara-kiri. Their kin and homelands would be shamed forever until the ending of Japanese culture. Even the Emperor would himself suffer a worse fate than be just a puppet ruler if the Shogun would win in the upcoming conflict. What horrors awaited him, he dared not imagine. \"We will fight to the last man, Your Imperial Majesty,\" Katsumoto pledged to the Emperor. \"To ensure that the future of Japan will be lived under your great reign.\" So it came to pass that with coming dawn when the forces of the Satchō Alliance once again clash with that of the Shogunate's on both fronts: from Toba and from Fushimi. With the Imperial Banners used among their ranks, held so clearly for their enemy to see, the Shogun's forces were led into utter disarray and panic, for whoever dared to attack the bearers of the Banners would be seen as being traitors to the Emperor. With no other choice, the Shogun's soldiers retreated into a nearby forest, waiting for a chance to launch a counter-attack. \"How is it that mere bolts of embroidered cloth cause so much disturbance?\" the Emperor asked Ryuka privately on the 29th of January. \"Are the Bakufu soldiers not fighting for their own causes as well?\" \"They hesitate because in their hearts and minds, their choice to side with the Bakufu was out of duty and service, to quell what they saw as a rebellion,\" Ryuka answered. \"But when they saw the Imperial Banners borne by our leaders, they dared not to attack, because we are now part of the Imperial Army. We have just enough legitimate claim to exist as a martial entity as they do, because we are your soldiers, your Shishi.\" At that point in time, Ryuka realized that she had suddenly forgotten the rules of formality and immediately dropped to her knees, begging for forgiveness. The Emperor only smiled and helped her to rise. \"Henceforth, I give you the authority to speak clearly to me, Tsubasa Ryuka,\" the Emperor proclaimed. \"You are, after all, my second pair of eyes.\" That afternoon, the Shogunate forces were forced to retreat to Yodo Castle after the Shinsen-Gumi, their Aizu-han masters as well as their supporting guerilla troops were attacked on two fronts at Takasegawa and Ujigawa. However, they were left at the mercy of the Daimyo of Yodo, who refused them entry. Left with no other option, they retreated from whence they had been spawned – Osaka Castle. Relentless, the Imperial Army – mainly consisting of combatants loyal to the Satchō Ishin-Shishi, marched upon Osaka Castle, breaking Tokugawa Yoshinobu's morale the moment he laid eyes on the Imperial Banners. Ever the coward, the Shogun slipped away from his own fortress and boarded an American warship while waiting for his vessel to arrive from Edo Bay. The Shogunate forces were defeated within a single day, and Osaka Castle, once the symbol of the Shogun's power and might in western Japan was surrendered to the Imperial Army by the Shogun's own advisors. January 31st 1868 was the day the Shogun finally surrendered to the Emperor, relinquishing all his military and political authority. Japan was now a nation born anew – preparing to rise like a phoenix from its own ashes. The days of the Meiji Era had now come.[Chapter 5] \" I lived a life of service, a life of honor and duty. All I want is a moment of freedom, to be known as only who I am, and not what I have done, or what I will do.\" A woman's voice filled his head. It was accented, but clear. It seemed like it belonged to someone who had seen all the horrors of the world... Someone just like him. \" I owe my life to my teacher, please, I beg you, turn him from this path of self-destruction!\" He could not see her face, but he could sense her anguish. She was pleading him for a reason, but he did not know what it was. \" Nathan, if I do not make it… please forget me.\" How could he ever forget a voice that seemed so strong, yet so sad? Did she love him? Or rather, did he love her? Wait a moment… Why was her voice in his dreams? Why wasn't he having nightmares of the blood of the innocent? \" There is life in every breath, you foolish American. You haven't lived until you know that there is truth in this phrase.\" US Captain Nathan Algren woke up feeling disoriented. It was not the sway of the ocean against the massive passenger ship he was in, but the dream that he had just woken up from. He did not know the nature of it, and the more he tried to remember it, the more he tried to piece it together, the more the dream slipped away from his memory. Twenty minutes later, he gave up. Knowing that he was not able to get any more sleep, he ventured out of his small cabin, and decided to get some fresh (albeit) sea air. It was not yet dawn, but he could see the first hints of sunlight across the eastern horizon. His thoughts then drifted to the country that would be his home for the six months once the ship made port at Yokohama Bay. Japan. The Land of the Rising Sun. But if Mr. Omura could be trusted at all, Japan was not all majesty- its history was bloody, just like every fledging nation. Just like his country – the United States of America, they had just emerged from a bloody civil war, and were rebuilding themselves with the best minds the Western world could offer. He was just one of them, a military veteran with a skill for tactics. He had seen the books that he had bought before he came on the ship – those that introduced Japan to Western travelers depicting beautiful red-lacquered bridges and temples, peaceful gardens with ponds of golden-orange carps swimming among lotuses. He could not believe that within the same setting, a nation had been split into two, seemingly for their ideals. But then again, was it so hard to imagine in the context of his country, with its mountains that seemed to pierce the clouds, or green fields that stretched further than the eye could see? Before he knew it, he saw an arc of light over the horizon. The sun was beginning to rise. It was then when he saw her, an Oriental woman about his height. He was a tall specimen, but people of her ethnicity were generally petite. She seemed to be anything but. With a smile, her head tipped forwards towards him and she went her way without saying anything. The last thing that he saw of her was the patterns of her silken Japanese traditional dress being reflected onto the deck from the sun's emerging light. After walking a few steps away from him, she suddenly turned back. \"You look like a man who can handle the sword,\" she told him, her voice cheerful. \"Perhaps we should spar one day, before we reach Japan.\" He did not answer her. It was not that he was too shocked to accept the challenge of a duel from a woman, but the fact that she knew that he could wield a sword. How could she even tell? \"Her name is Tsubasa Ryuka,\" said a voice that came beside him. It was Mr. Omura, freshly dressed for the morning. \"Believe it or not, she was the only woman to fight alongside the Imperialist cause during our little revolution about a decade ago.\" There was no hint of admiration in Mr. Omura's voice, Nathan Algren could definitely detect that he did not take this Tsubasa Ryuka lightly. \"How did she know that I can fight?\" Algren asked Mr. Omura. \"We Japanese believe in something called 'Ki', the spirit of a warrior,\" Mr. Omura replied. \"Ki allows us to sense the intentions of our enemies and also to some extent, their capabilities. The stronger the warrior, the stronger their Ki is, and the greater their accuracy in assessing other warriors' Ki as well.\" \"That means that she is an able fighter?\" \"One of the very best in Japan.\" Ten days had passed, but he caught no sight of the woman he had met on the deck at sunrise. \"Just be patient, boyo,\" said Zebulon Gant, his friend and subordinate that had accompanied him from America. Zeb, as he preferred to be called, would be acting as his sergeant once their job began. \"That lassie isn't going to end up anywhere apart from on this ship. She has to appear sometime.\" At that point of time, Algren was irritated, but not at the seeming disappearance of the mysterious woman, but at that cheeky undertone that Zeb had taken. The irritation soon dissipated, and they were soon reminiscing on the past, on how many times that they had saved each other's sorry ass (or arse, in Zeb's manner of speech). It was during the twelfth night since meeting Tsubasa Ryuka that Algren finally saw her again. But that time, he knew that she did not realize that he was near. Thinking that she was alone on the deck in the middle of the night, she unsheathed a Japanese sword, which actually resembled a long, thin kitchen-knife to Algren's eyes and started practicing. Her movements were fluid, every stroke filled with a strength that only one proficient in the martial arts could glean from another. Algren watched silently as she made the sets of combat moves that she was going through look like some ethereal dance. After what seemed to be an eternity, or only twenty minutes, she stopped and looked towards him. \"So, good sir, have you come to answer my challenge?\" she asked him. \"I have training swords of the purpose if you require it.\" Algren chuckled and shook his head. He now realized that her challenge held no weight at all. \"I wouldn't dream of attacking you, Miss Tsubasa,\" he replied. Upon hearing her name escape his lips, she cocked her head leftwards in curiosity, wondering how he came upon it. \"Mr. Omura told me,\" he explained quickly, causing her expression to light up. \"Ah, so he did,\" she said, and sheathed her sword. \"That man has been disapproving of my… adventures ever since the Meiji Era dawned upon Japan. I should have known that he would be on this ship.\" \"Adventures?\" Algren asked. \"Oh, after the Ishin-Shishi, that is the Imperialist forces won the war, I decided to travel the world. As all Japanese men, he preferred me to stay at home and keep a husband,\" Tsubasa Ryuka replied nonchalantly, as if it was the most normal thing in the world. \"I told him that I fought for our nation as much as he did, and I deserve to be unfettered to the chains of motherhood and wifehood at the very least.\" Algren did not know how to reply to those words because even in America, women were expected to marry and have children after a certain age. Meeting a well-armed one was already an eye-opening experience, but a well-travelled one from Japan, he really did not know how to react. He was just a man, after all. Tsubasa Ryuka then stopped talking and came up to him. \"Forgive me, I talk too much,\" she apologized. \"But where are my manners! You already know my name, but I do not know yours!\" \"I'm Nathan Algren,\" he told her. He did not speak further, and so she did not press on. \"Thank you, Mr. Algren, for tolerating my presence,\" she replied, smiling brightly. With another curt nod of her head, she walked to a nearby corridor and disappeared from his sight, leaving him slightly winded from their meeting, for whatever reason. He did not see her again, until the ship reached Yokohama Bay. Once the gangplank was let down, Algren caught sight of Tsubasa Ryuka, dressed in a navy traditional outfit that mirrored the color of her eyes. \"This is where I leave you, Mr. Algren,\" she told him, carrying her luggage all by herself. \"I am off to meet my teacher, who has taken up residence in the outskirts of Tokyo city.\" \"Will we meet again?\" Algren asked her, since he was going to be based in Tokyo anyways. \"Perhaps fate could arrange something,\" she replied and went on her way, disappearing into the disembarking masses. Not a few minutes later, he saw Colonel Bagley and Mr. Omura seating themselves into a rickshaw, while Tsubasa Ryuka was seen talking to a short and rotund fellow who was definitely not Japanese. As a few more moments passed, she disappeared for a second time and the man that she had been talking to waved at him. \"Captain Algren, I presume?\" the man asked him. He was most definitely English by the twang of his voice. \"Yes,\" Algren replied hesitantly, wondering what role the Englishman would play in the grand scheme of things. \"Oh jolly good, how do you do?\" the Englishman asked Algren while shaking his hand. \"I'm Simon Graham.\" As the grand scheme of things started to play out while Algren and Graham rode on the same rickshaw with Zeb on the one behind them with the luggage, Algren realized that Graham was their translator. He had been in Japan for a long, long while, ever since the American Commodore Perry embarked upon the shores of Japan and forced the Shogunate to open the doors of trade, and was now well-versed in Japanese culture. \"Twenty years ago, this was a sleepy little town,\" Graham told Algren as they passed into Tokyo city. \"Now look at it!\" Algren looked from left to right and then from right to left, and found a most interesting mix of the Western and the Oriental. There were woman dressed in flowing silken robes, their faces painted white as marble and their lips painted blood-red, walking with tall Russians, embarked in deep conversation with the help of an interpreter, young Japanese men wearing the latest Western suits, while older Japanese dressed in what Graham told Algren to be kimono, read leather-bound books in English and Dutch. \"Now that the Bakumatsu had ended, the Emperor is mad for all things Western, and the Samurai believe that this is changing too fast. The ancient and the modern are at war for the soul of Japan. So your new employer, Mr. Omura, is bringing in every Western expert that he can get – lawyers from France, engineers from Germany, architects from Holland, and now of course, warriors from America.\" Algren did not once interrupt Graham as he told his yarn. He needed to know as much as this new and foreign country as he could in the fastest time possible. \"I came over with the British trade mission, oh, years ago,\" Graham elaborated. \"I was soon relieved of my position, though. I had an unfortunate tendency to tell the truth in a country where no one ever says what they mean. So now I very accurately translate everyone's lies. Gory business, those first days, mind you. The Emperor's men were fighting with the Shogun's soldiers for political control and the Imperialists had to supply their own men to protect us so that we could sell them the guns to defeat the enemy!\" \"So where does Tsubasa Ryuka get into the picture?\" Algren asked, defeated by his curiosity for the mysterious woman. \"Mr. Omura seems to be very familiar with her.\" \"Ah, she is a rare gem, that girl,\" Graham answered. \"Orphaned at fourteen, she went to look for work with her father's liege-lords and was adopted as a student. It turned out that she was such an excellent fighter that the Imperialists used her as a guard of sorts. But now during peacetime, she acts as the Emperor's \"eyes\". She travels the world, telling the Emperor whatever she's seen and done. She's been to China, Singapore, Western Europe and the Americas within these 10 years, imagine that!\" Algren wondered if her travels had made her seem so different from her countrywomen, who were demure and elegant while she had a ready smile and an outgoing personality. \"She's also rumored to be the first ever woman who rejected the chance of being the Empress of Japan, but I don't put much weight on those claims. All in all, she's a nice little darling. She has blue eyes because her mother was a Dutchwoman, makes her look like some sort of... Oriental spirit if you ask me.\" Algren remained silent. Somehow, he had a feeling that he would see her again, and it might be sooner than he would expect. Nevertheless, he was there to work, and for five hundred US Dollars a month, he would make sure that he would do a damned great job, no matter what it took. HAN: Ah, so finally we see Nathan Algren! ^.^ I hope you liked it so far! Oh and I wish to thank my dear unofficial beta SWlee HAH HAH HAH. Thanks for tolerating my hasty proofreading. I have also changed the title of this story, because I think the new one fits better. 龍華 in kanji is read as Ryuka, and can be translated as the Dragon-Flower or the Dragon's Flower.[Chapter 6] With the ebb and flow of the sea still beneath her feet after weeks on a ship, Ryuka managed to make her way into the Imperial Palace via a secret passage carved onto the eastern walls. The Imperial Palace, newly-built since the Emperor moved the capital of Japan from Kyoto to Tokyo, occupied a total area of 3.41 kilometers squared, and consisted of the main palace building, private residences for the Imperial Family, as well as many massive and expansive gardens. Once she made her way to the main corridor, an attendant saw her and gave her a polite, but slightly informal bow. She was known in those halls, for her close companionship with the Emperor since the last days of the Bakumatsu made sure that her presence in the Imperial Palace was something that could not be removed, even if she was not personally there. A right turn and three more lefts brought her to a room that only she had access to, and it was a Western-styled room, opened with a key that only she had. When she opened it, she realized that there was already somebody there. \"How were your travels, Ryuka?\" the Emperor asked her once she prostrated herself before his Imperial presence. Friend or no, certain forms of protocol had to be observed, no matter who they were. Holding out his hand, he helped her to rise. \"It was… enlightening,\" Ryuka replied, remembering that the Emperor wanted to find out more about the Chinese – why Japan had been so deeply influenced by their closest and greatest neighbor to date. \"You cannot imagine how enamored the Chinese are with themselves, that they would see anything new and unknown as an insult to their own national pride.\" The Emperor furrowed his brows. \"Tell me more,\" he commanded Ryuka, and she did as he wished. \"The Chinese peasants live in utter squalor,\" she told the Emperor, \"when winter comes, they eat field mice and sweet potatoes, if they cannot find any, they will kill their old and their young. This insult is paid even more by the fact that the Empress Dowager, Cixi, who lives a life of luxury with the Imperial Court, hoarding power while her young son, the Emperor of China is waiting to reach the age of majority.\" It was then when the Emperor chuckled and put down the cup of tea in his hand. \"And what about your travels around the southern provinces of China, what did you see there?\" he asked, knowing that she liked to go through the formal reports before settling on more… leisurely topics. He had specifically made a request to Ryuka to visit Jiangnan, a territory named so because it was located to the south of the Yangtze River, because he had read about the legendary visits of Emperor Qianlong there, dressed as a commoner. \"That place is a land of mountains and of water,\" Ryuka repeated, \"There, the waters of the Yangtze River flows in the numerous branches, cutting across towns and cities, connected by bridges. It is as if Venice has come to China. In the countryside, I saw mountains being reflected in the waters of jade-colored lakes, and the blue sky pierced by green mountains that reach as far as the eyes can see.\" The Emperor, of course, was not satisfied with such a short description of the area. He was a man who consumed everything that was new to him. To sate his fascination, Ryuka showed him the paintings that she had bought from local artists, all too eager to sell their works to a young, foreign traveler. \"You are lucky, Ryuka,\" the Emperor sighed, once she ended her tale. \"You have the freedom to see the world, and experience such beauty, while I am trapped here, being nothing more than an idolized shadow.\" He caressed the mountains on the paintings longingly, and looked at her with a forced smile. \"I am sure that the Emperor of China has the same life as I.\" Ryuka sighed. \"He does,\" she replied with eyes directly regarding the Emperor. She could do so when they were alone. Then and there, they were only Mutsuhito, son of the Imperial Family of Japan, and Tsubasa Ryuka, the onna bugeisha, perhaps, the only one true friend he had similar to his age. \"Then I am more blessed than he is, for I have you to be my eyes and ears,\" he told her. \"You have served me well these past years.\" Slowly, the Emperor put his hand upon hers, and held them gently. She knew where this conversation was going, having been by his side for close to a decade. \"I can only give you what I have,\" she added. \"My eyes… my ears… whatever comforts you seek from me.\" It was an unspoken deal between them, one that Katsumoto did not know of. She did not remember when it had started, but once the Emperor began to fully trust her, he had taken her to his bed despite already having an Empress, and she had not taken any other man as her lover for respect of her ruler. There had been a time when the fire between them grew hot, but it was all but gone in recent years. She knew that she could not forever live like this, to live and to serve a monarch, bounded by tradition. Ten years of traveling made her a different woman, one that valued her freedom more than anything else. \"That is why there is one last thing that I must ask of you, Ryuka,\" the Emperor said, caressing the high planes of her cheek. \"I will release you from service, if you would consent to act as the bodyguard of the American captain sent here to train our soldiers.\" Ryuka's sapphire eyes widened. The Emperor had many unusual requests, but this one… \"Why?\" she asked, uttering no further words. Her brow was furrowed, and she did not leave his gaze, questioning his request. The Emperor chuckled and brought her into his arms. \"They say that Americans would risk life and limb to secure their freedom, you hold the same ideals,\" he explained to her, his voice gentle and serene, as he always had been. \"I would also have you report on the great military tactics he holds, how they differ from that of ours.\" At those words, Ryuka smiled. \"I would do as you wish, Emperor,\" she told him, regaining her usual expression, despite her confusion towards this last command. She knew how comforting such a face could be for a man like him. It had become a mask for her, knowing that she did not have to deal with the complexities in his head at that current moment of time. \"I have already told Omura about this,\" the Emperor told her with a twinkle in his eye. \"You will have to report at the base at first light.\" \"Hai,\" she replied affirmatively, bowing her head low. When her head was raised again, her eyes were met with a package that the Emperor now held in his hands. It was traditionally wrapped, bound by a furoshiki – a silken piece of fabric woven so finely that it appeared almost translucent. Slowly she unwrapped the package, and discovered that she had been given a military uniform, but was cut to a more feminine silhouette. \"I remember a time when you wore a man's gi and hakama with fabric made for women,\" the Emperor told her. \"Now that I am sending you back into the field, you shall wear something similar.\" Ryuka did not say a word. She knew that she did not have to. The Emperor knew her like no man ever could. It was but a small gift from the man Japan idolized as a living God, but she knew the amount of thought that had been given into such a gift. Without any thought, she embraced him – a gesture that she had not given him on her own accord for a long, long time. She felt his hold over her tighten, and rested her head on the crook of his neck. \"I wish you all the happiness in the world, heika,\" she told him when the embrace ended. \"And I you,\" he replied, and kissed her hand lightly before allowing her to go. She would have to attend another audience - one with his chief wife, the Empress-Consort of Japan. Empress Haruko was waiting for Ryuka in yet another room when the latter was released from her audience with the Emperor. It had been a custom for the three of them – one the Imperial husband, the other the woman he had given his heart to. She did not begrudge Ryuka for her relationship with the Emperor, who was a polygamist as his fathers had been, and as the time passed, she had come to enjoy the company of the girl whose age was similar to hers. \"You know, I was the one who provided your measurements to His Imperial Majesty,\" the Empress told Ryuka over tea. The Empress preferred a Western tea-service, not for its taste but for its relative informality compared to that of a Japanese one. \"He wanted to give you something that is practical for your use, yet one that you could never forget.\" \"I am forever grateful for it,\" Ryuka replied, putting down her tea-cup. \"The two of you have been too kind to me.\" The Empress chuckled. \"Nonsense, you, Ryuka, have brought much joy to a man who has only known the scope of his duties,\" she told Ryuka. \"I remember when you came into the throne room, bloodied from war, gore still hanging from your katana… Such power you held in a world where no other woman dared to venture.\" Like the Emperor, the Empress had lived the life of a gilded cage. Born from one of the five Fujiwara clans, she had known since birth that she was destined to be a woman of the court – if not the Empress. Yet, she realized that it was her duty to do so, as Ryuka did when she was first sent to protect the Emperor during the last days of the Bakumatsu. She remembered how angry she had been when the Emperor had taken a concubine – a cousin from the same clan, and how betrayed she had felt when she knew that Ryuka had become the Emperor's lover. \"I do only what I must,\" Ryuka explained, words that she knew that the Empress had heard to no end. \"Yet I realize that without your blessing, heika would not have… approached me.\" \"Do not over-flatter yourself,\" the Empress chided her jokingly. \"It is common knowledge that I am a barren woman. How am I to secure the future of the Imperial House of Japan if I do not allow the Emperor to bed other women? I had put much hope in you, Ryuka, to give my husband a warrior-child or two…\" Chuckling, Ryuka answered, \"If one day when I do get pregnant with an Imperial child, he or she would never be acknowledged.\" Ryuka had been born of a famous samurai clan, but she was a commoner nonetheless. \"And if that day comes, my Shishou…\" She stopped short of mentioning Katsumoto's name, knowing what troubles he had stirred in their country. \"He would want nothing more than for you to bear him a grandchild,\" the Empress interjected, once again reestablishing the fact that Ryuka could speak freely whenever she was with the Empress as well. \"Even a fool could see that he loves you like a daughter, Ryuka.\" \"I do not know when I can see him again,\" she told the Empress. As it was, she was receiving direct orders from the Emperor, and it would not do if she was seen to be in the company of the man that threatened to plunge Japan into a state of civil war once again. \"Hopefully, as soon as he comes to his senses,\" the Empress sighed. \"Heika misses his teacher as well. He was not at all at his manor in Tokyo?\" Ryuka shook her head. She had set out for Katsumoto's manor in thought to surprise him, but also in childish hope that the ugly rumors that she had heard en route back to Japan were false. Her sapphire eyes were downcast for a moment, and then she looked towards the mountain. \"He was not there,\" she told the Empress. \"I know not where he is.\" The Empress then set a hand on her shoulder. \"Have patience, you'll see him again before you know it.\" Ryuka just hoped that the Empress was right, and she hoped that the day came soon. HAN: I'm back! Thanks to all who reviewed! ","Summary":" It was the sight of her eyes that drawn her to him and his son, eyes reminiscent of the largest sap"},{"Movie":"Last Samurai","Title":"zetsuboū no sakura, budding","Author":"shiroyuki42","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10814424","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Zetsuboū no sakura, Chapter 0.1, Midori no oka (green hills) As I stood there, watching the battel infront of me. I had the feeling I finaly understood Bushidoū, the way of the samurai, for the first time. This battel cruel and jet beautiful, short and jet it felt like ages. Just like watching Sakura fall. Kazama once told me \" we samurai tend to live like sakura, short but we die in full bloom\" And it was true. It was 1867, the last year of the bakumatsu. And the last samurai where falling infront of me like sakura.[Chapter 2] Chapter 1, Fune (ship) 船 1864, 5 June, Dear dairy reader, After a year on sea I finaly arrived in the land of the rising sun. Japan, or as the Japanese people call her ,Nihon. I arrived with a Dutch ship called 'De Morgenster' The harbour we arrived in was called Osaka, from there I would travel to the Dutch embassy in Kyoto (a secret one because foreigner's or Gajin were not allowed outside Osaka). This country was in the middel of a war and I was here to write everything that happend down. I would study it from the rebel side of the war, the Ishin shishi. I was weapond with five empty diary's, a few notebooks,my basic japanese and a foto camera. Hopefully that would help me survive this war. At the harbour I would be picked up by one of the Ishin Shishi samurai. I had no idea how he would look or how he would find me, but okay lets trust Mr Bruin. He was the one who made it possible to for me to go to Japan. I walked of the ship onto the shore and looked around me. The harbour was buzzing with life. I saw Dutch an Japanese people trading with each other, and smiling together. \"Mrs van Rijn, I am your guide\" I heard someone say in English . I turned aroud to see a man around the age of fifty looking at me. The first thing a saw was the Katana at his hip \" oh im sorry are you perhaps Mr Bruin friend\" I said glad that he spoke English \" yes, I am Sakuma Shōzan. A messenger on his trading ship informed me you would arrive with the next ship\" Sakuma-san said I reached out my hand as to shake his and to introduce myself but he only looked weird at me. \"Eum.. my name is Melissa van Rijn\" I said He then seemed to understand the gesture and took my hand \"Nice to meet you, Melissa-san. Your luggage will be taken care of so please follow me\" and he started to walk. All people went out of the way for this old samurai. Dutch trademan looked in silence and full respect to him, japanese people bow to him as he walked past them. I quickly grabbed my notebook and started to write it down. {In this country pleople bow to the samurai when they walk by, unlike the knights in fedual Europe they demand a huge amound of respect. But the samurrai I encounterd, Sakuma Shōzan, does make an exemption for me, a western woman} \"Luckely you have brown hair, that won't stand out as mucht as blond\" he said al of the sudden when we reached a huge storage shed. It was probably in use to store trading goods, but tonight a few younger samurai where standing there with lanterns and ther hands on ther katana. When we approached them the younger samurai bowed in respect to Sakuma Shōzan and as custom described he gave them a littel bow back. I bowed as deep as I could while standing up. This invoked some whisperung from the younger samurai. I heard them say something about woman, baberian and not expected. They than opend the door for us and we walked inside. Inside it was dark and musty. It was stored with crates with who know what in it and if you listend carefully you could hear the rats tiptoe around. \"Sakuma-sama kochi desu\" a female voice wishperd We walked behind one on the crates, only to reveal a small tent an a woman standing infront of it. When she saw me she looked strange at me and started to rattel someting in a nerveus voice. \"Sono ko otoko yanai, ona desuyo\" she said \"Hai sodesuka\" \"Ah komarimasen, sumisasen Sakuma-sama\" Then he turned to me Dear dairy, im noting it japanese sorry for that. But I want you to understand how wonderfull it sounds, and to let you imagination speak for youself. Try to learn that's why im writhing ,Dear dairy reader. And to my biggest suprise he said \"There has been a problem, she tought it would be a man she had to dress up so she only brought male clothes\" he said most concerned \"That won't be a problem\" I said. I didn't wanted to lose the change to study just because of a pair of clothes. So I stepped into the tent, the woman followd me and said in very broken English \"Im Tae\" \"Im Melissa\" I said back After that she gave me a pair of cloths. She explained to me in japanese(after I explained to her I could underdstand a bit ) that the skirt like pants where called hakama and that it is normaly worn over a traditional kimono for man. It was worm by samuari en rurouni. The hakama was light brown and the kimono was dark red, with a white kimono underneat it. Afther I had put it on with her help (it is very hard to put it on. Right over left was the corect way to put on a kimono. Left over right was for the dead) I put on the tabi socks and stepped into the geta, Tae had put down for me. When I stepped out of the tent I could see Sakuma nod in agreement. Apparently it was good enough for him, but not for Tae. She grabbed my hair and put it in a ponytail ontop of my head. \"Kampeki\" she said \"Kampeki dewanai\" Sakuma said. And he grabbed a straw head from the head of one of the younger samurai standing besides him and placed it on my head. \"Now your face is coverd\" he said \"lets go!\" He yelled and everybody walked behind him, to the door. When we stepped outside I saw it already had become dark. The stars where glittering in the night sky. And I couldn't help but think that even though it was the same sky as always, it looked compleatly different than the starry sky at home. I was asked to sit in a wooden carriage together with Sakuma. Tae didn't come with us. When we took of she yelled \"Ganbate melissa san!\" \"Arrigato!\" I yelled back, watching the light blue of her kimono dissapear into the darkness of the night. Nyaaaa hello everyone. How do you like the first chapter^^ If you like it please check my other story cold flame (ongoing) Also I LOVE reviews. Shiroyuki42~ 白有機[Chapter 3] Most of the characters in my story did lived and fought in the bakumatsu. Only melissa and Kazama and some of the smaller characters are fiction. Chapter 2 Miyako font face=\"Nimbus Mono L, monospace\"span lang=\"zh-CN\"京都/span/font 1864, 7 June I had arrived in Kyoto, It had cost us roughly ten houres to reach the inn I would stay in. The name of the inn was Ikedaya, it was a beautiful inn. I was given my own room at the upper floor of the inn and could look over a part of Kyoto. I could also wear my dark green western dress again. It was a three pieced dress. One long skirt, a kneelengt one over the long skirt and a neet jacked in the same coular dark green as the skirts. Black lines cirles around the end of my sleeves, neck and end of my long and short skirt. Black buttons closed the jacked. My long brown hair wich normally reached my hips was neatly bound in the ruling hairfashion of this time. The only thing I could not wear where my black leather low heel shoes. So I was walkimg around the inn on my socks. It gave me a strange feeling, I could feel the tatami mats underneat my feet. I was forbidden to go to grownd floor. In there were the regular customers and some of them were supporters of the Tokugawa shogunate. I was writing down the current situation in japan. {right now there is a cearly feelable tension between the Tokugawa Shogunate and the Choshu Ishiin Shishi. The Tokugawa is in power right now and is more crueler to outsiders(who are called Gaijin) sinds the law that emperor Koumei regulated. The sonnõ joui \"Revere the emperor, expel the foregein babarians\" The Choshu wants to allow the westerners into japan and learn from them. Sakuma san is one of them, his motto is tōyō dōtoku, seiyō gakugei, wich means Eastern ethics, Western technical learning. The war between the two fractions started in 1853 and has continued until now. Sakuma san asked me a lot of things about Holland, how it was to live there, what it looked like. I awnser him like this \"It is really green in Holland, and a lot of water. We build a lot of dyckes to keep the water from floading our country. Everywhere you look you see molens (mills). And Amsterdam, our capital is always buzzing with live\" He listend to me with his fullest attention. He was very excited to teach me about japan. Thanks to him I had learned more japanese} \"Melissa san\" someone said behind the sliding door of my room \"Hai\" I awnserd \"You have a visitor\" 'A visitor for me?' I thought I stood up from my low writing desk and walked towards the sliding door. When I opend it a japanese man with long black hair hanging loosly around his shoulders stepped into the room. He almost bumped into me. He clearly did not expect me to be standing while opening the door. In japan a woman opend the door while kneeling and sitting besides the opening of the door so the guest can enter freely. Sakuma san said I should not do that, Because I was not Japanese. \"Sumisasen\" I stutterd \"Its fine\" the man said \"Can I come in and talk with you\" \"Hai\" I said, and stepped aside for the man. He walked into the room, grabbed a sitting pillow and kneeled down in the middel of the room. I grabbed my pillow and sat dawn infront of him. I put both my hands infront of me and let them touch eachoter while bowing lightly. Even though Sakuma san said they did not expect me to abide with japanese customs, I wanted to try the best I could \"My name is Melissa van Rijn, I am pleased to meet you\" He did the same thing and said \" the pleasure is all mine, my name is Katsura Kogoro\" Now a alarm bell went off inside my head. I had heard the name before. He was none other than the leader of the Choshu Isshin Shishi. \"Melissa san, I would like to thank you for coming here. It will be difficult for estern countries to jnderstand what is happening here. So I am very pleased that a Dutch woman like you is comimg here to record it all\" he said beinning our conversation. \"No, I am honerd that you let me stay here and study. Ever sind I was small Nihon interested me. So to be here surrounded by samurai who are all willingly to talk to me an teach me is like a dream coming true\" \"I am glad you feel save and comfortable here in Ikedaya, no in Kyoto. Right now it is not save\" \"I am aware of that\" \"Listen, Melissa san. Tonight at 20:00 a meeting will be held discussing the curent situation. I want you to note down everyting you here. Ofcourse you wont be visable present, you will sit in an other room behind a thin sliding door so you can hear everything\" I was stunned, I a western woman could listen to ther strategic meeting \"I would be most honerd if I may listen and learn\" \"Good, you will be guarded by a skilled ronin called Kawakami Gensai\" And with those words he stood up and left the room. Tonight would be a night to remember. Im writing this chapter with the music from the legend of korra in the background. I was so sad when the show ended. I was screaming, crying and fangirling like hell in the final of LOK. It was/is a great show. I will miss you Korra,[Chapter 4] Ikedaya jiken font face=\"Nimbus Mono L, monospace\"span lang=\"zh-CN\"池田事件/span/font 1864, July 8 Katsura san had said he would not be present and that he had other businesses to attend to so he left around 21:30 together with Sakuma san. With that the meeting immediately got a bit more boring. I was bizzy noting down what was said. I only looked up from my notes to look at the ronin sitting in the corner of the room. Kawakami Gensai was his name, he was 30 years old and was known as a hitokiri. If you split the word into Hito, human and kiri murder you would know what he was. He was a assasin for the Choshu Ishin Shishi. He was looking outside the windo, I followd his gaze towards the moon who shined bright in the night sky. All of the sudden I heard a lot of noise behind the sliding door. Kawakami Gensai focused his gaze on the door while holding onto his Katana. The candles were blown out and it was pitch dark. The noise of running foots was coming closer \" Anybody who resist will be cut down!\" Was yelled on the other side of the door \"Its the shinsengumi!\" \"Its the commander Kondou Isami and Tôdo Heisuke!\" \"Shinsengumi\" I wisperd. But before I could say anything else Kawakami Gensai coverd my mouth. \"Don't make a sound, I am gonna get you out of here alive\" he said and he drew his katana. The Shinsengumi was a group of ruthless samurai. They were known for there bloodlust and the most infamous one was the vice-commander Hijikata Toshizo. There trade mark was there light blue Haori (overcoat), there banner with the word sinscerety on it and the skill they possesed. Kawakami Gensai grabbed my bag with writing equipment and my camera and pushed them into my arms. \"Follow me\" he said and he slid open the door. Immediately a guy wearing a light blue haori came running towards us with his Katana raised. Kawakami Gensai dodged the first attack of the guy who swong his katana down. He then quickly attacked the side of the man and hit him. \"Arrrrrg\" the man screamed while colapsing. I held out his hand to me and I took it. I stapped over the body of the wounded man. We ran down the hallway with Kawakami Gensai cutting down everybody who stood in his way. It was my first time seeing samurai fight like this. There was a lot of blood and most of the light blue haori's the enemy wore were blood stained with either there own blood or from the Choshu enemy's. We kept on running, Kawakami Gensai did not finish off his enemy's, his only thought was to get me out of there as quick as possible. We ended up in the hallway wich leaded to the back garden. Kawakami Gensai had gabbed my brown leather boots and trew them to me. \"Run into the garden and as far as you can. Find my wife Misawa Teiko, she will take care of you\" He said. I looked at him but his gaze was somewhere else. \"A western woman in Ikedaya what a suprise\" somebody said I took a quick look before I ran away. The man standing there wore a light blue haori and had his Katana already unsheated. His haori was unstained by blood. \"You just missed al the fun Hijikata-san\" Kawakami Gensai said The oni fuketaicho of the shinsengumi Hijikata Toshizo was standing against a hitokiri of the Choshu Isshin Shishi. This would be a battel of high caliber. I decided to watch where rpthis would go and hid in a corner. Kawakami Gensai made the first attack but it did not land. It was reflected by Hijikata's katana. Then Hijikata spun around Kawakami Gensai and hit his back. A red line appeard in the clothes of Kawakami Gensai. He fell to one knee and slashed forward. Hijikata's chest was gazed by his katana. He grinned and raised his katana. I had to save him, then my gaze fell on my camera. I quickly installed my photo camera and took a quick shot. The flash blinded Hijikata for a moment's notice giving me and Kawakami Gensai the time to flee the battle. I was somewhere in the street of Kyoto with no idea were to go. Kawakami Gensai had ran towards a other way. Somewehere along the way I had put on my boots and put the wooden case wich holded my camera on my back. The bag with my diary was clenched in my fist. The photo I just took had come out beatifully. You could clearly see Hijikata with his katana ready to strike Kawakami Gensai. He was holding his katana above his head to block him. I put it away in my diary and began to write down what happend just now. I had just finished my last sentence when I head the sound of a katana being pulled out of its saya. Without being given the time to react I felt the kisakki of the katana against my neck. \"Don't move\" someone said I dropped my pencil and diary. \" I am sorry but you should have stayed in your own country. That way you would not have to die right now\" I felt the kisakki go away from my neck. Whoever it was he would slash me from behind and I would die. A tear fell down my cheek. My journey would end this quickly and I only learned so littel. \"Keinosuke stop!\" somebody yelled The air of the katana was the only thing that touched my neck. I turned around to see a member of the shinsengumi, probably Keinosuke, crossing his katana with a other man. He did not wear a shinsengumi haoiri \"Why stop me Kazama!\" Keinosuke yelled \"She is just a woman, we should bring her to Osaka and she can go back. She has nothing to do with our war\" \" no way I am going back, there is so much to learn here!\" I yelled Both man were suprised to hear me speak fluent Japanese. Although it had some loss ends I could still speak it very well. Thanks to mr Bruin and Sakuma-san. The man, Kazama took his katana down and so did Keinosuke. \"You speak japanese\" he said \"Yes, I learned a lot in my home land\" \"See she is a spie, we should kill her\" Keinosuke yelled and he raised his Katana again. Kazama blocked it and again the two man stood with there swords crossed. While there attentions was with eachother and not with me,I took down the wooden case and took the camera out of it. I put the case back on my back and turned towards the man. \"She is just a woman, is she word fighting your friend for\" Keinosuke sissed \"O Please do not fight over me\" and I took my second picture of the night. The flash blinded the two man and I ran away. \"Alsof ik hier te pakken genomen zal worden, er is nog veel meer te ontdekken\" I yelled in my nativ language. As if they will catch me here, there is a lot more to discover. \"Shit\" I heard them both say I ran as fast as I could \"Wait!\" They yelled. Damm they are quick I thought when I looked behind me. They were closhing in on me. I took another picture to blind them. They lost sight again and they bumped into each other. I could not help it but to laugh \"You bitch wait up!\" The man called Keinosuke yelled \"I won't so SAYONARA!\" I yelled and turned around a corner. The heels of my shoes slipped aay when I made the turn and I almost fell. I continued to run, or so was the plan because somebody grabbed my dress and trew me on the ground. I dropped my bad and it sprung open. All my pencils, pots of ink and blank books were spread out on the ground. I head my two persuers behind me saying. \"Osu Torii -sama you got her\" I looked at the man who had trown me on the ground. It was a old men arojnd the age of 50. He had his blade sheated but looked down at me as kf he could kil me any moment. \"Keinosuke, Kazama who is she\" he said. He did not asked it, he commanded a awnser. \"Probably a western whore who has escaped from Ikedaya\" Whore, did I hear that right. I got angry and said \"Whore ,pardon me. I am a researcher. I will not stand such insolence towards me\" and stood up when I said that. \" I may be a western woman but even I have honor. No it is because I am a western woman that I have my own honor. \" The old man lay his hand on the hilt of his Katana. A obvious treat. I should shut up or else. \"Go ahead kill me. I came to this land compleatly understanding the risks \" The old man unheated his katana and hit me in the neck with his hilt. I fell to the ground but I did not hit it. Insead I was cated by the arms of Kazama. I slowly felt my consciousness slip away. \"Keinosuke go back to the Shinsengumi. Kazama take her stuff and her with you\" \"Understood\" they said. And I saw the blue haori of Keinosuke run away in the night as my consciousness slipped away compleatly. Again writing with bck grohnd music. This time Nurarihyon no mago soundtracks. You should check out the anime and manga^^ Oni fuketaicho - demon vice-commander Saya- shed of a Katana Shinsengumi- search wikipedia. Its to good and to long to describe well Kisakki- tip of a Katana[Chapter 5] Witch of the west font face=\"Nimbus Mono L, monospace\"span lang=\"zh-CN\"西の魔女/span/font 1864, july 10 \"Nnnnnng\" right now that was the only sound I could produce. I looked around me but my vision was blurry. My neck hurt from the blow it recived from the hilt of that samurai's katana. I tried to stand up but I noticed I was bound. My hands were tied behind my back and my feet were tied together as well. My complete upper body was bound as well and very tight that was. Slowly my sight restored itself and I saw the room I was lying in. It was a tatami room with the doors slighty opend. I could look outside and see the beautifull garden. In it stood a very old sakura tree and I could hear the sound of water. But that wasn't the only sound I heard, far in the distance I heard childeren laugh. I closed my eye's and recalled what happend last night, I got separated from Kawakami Gensai. After that I met this idiotic pair of samurai and tried to escape from them. I ran into the old samurai and after that I got struck by him. It was clear as glass I was inprisoned by them. 'At least they put me in a futon' I thought. Then all of the sudden the sliding door was opend more. I looked up and saw the young man I had met earlier that evening standing in the opening. \"Kazama-sama right?\" I said with a cracked voice and very carefully. He was a samurai and they demand high respect. He looked me straight in the eye, I noticed that his eyes were blackish blue. He walked straight towards me and kneeled down. \"Torii -sama wants to speak to you once you woke up\"he said while pulling the blanket of me. He looked at the ropes restraining me and mumbled under his breath. \"Damm yatomaru, doesn't he know how to treat a lady\" and he untied the ropes holding me, except the ones that held my hands behind my back. He stood up and said \" you, stand up\" \"Anno, kazama-sama\" \"What\" He said \" I'm afraid I cant, you see they even bound my feet together\" I said to him He stood there for a second and seemed to think of something. Then he reached for my ankles. They had removed my shoes and socks befor they laid me down in the futon. Kazama saw the naked skin of my ankles and blushed. I gave a slight laugther but quickly stopped at the angry look of Kazama. With a slight blush remaining on his face he took the ropes of my feet. When they were lose he looked around the room and found what he was looking for. I followd his gaze and saw my belonings, even the ones I had left at Ikedaya. He grabbed my socks and walked towards me. He slightly grabbed my foot and started to put my sock on my feet. I pulled my feet back and said. \"Kazama-sama, you really don't have to do that. I know that in japan touching another ones feet is seen as being lower than one. I can perfectly do this myself if you just take of the ropes binding me I...\" \"And have you escape with your weird magic tricks like last night. I will do this and thats the end of this discussion\"he said and continued to put on my socks. He was struggeling with them and I couldn't help but think how inproper this was and if my mother would see me she would scold me. \"I feel like Cinderella\" I said He looked at me questioningly \"What is a shinderera \" he said \" it a fairy tale\" \"Feari taru\" \" Otogibanashi, it a long one. Maybe I can tell it to you later\" \"Maybe\" he said \" If you are allowd to live that is\" That remark brought me back to the reality of things. My live was in danger, for all I knew I could die this day. A tear ran down my cheek. I had promised mother that I would return to her, I was all she had left. And I had learnd nothing over this county or the people who live in here . \" ahum... Torii-sama is a good and honest leader. I am sure if you say that you will go home and never return he will let you go back to Nagasaki and back to your home country\" Kazama said while fidgeting with the sleeve of his Kimono. He helped me stand up and bound a long rope to the ropes holding my wrists. He then started to walk pulling me behind him. I looked around me as we walked over the wooden pathway. We were in the mountains outside the city that was for sure. It was clearly a samurai's mansion and it was very spacious. Now that I was outside I could hear more sounds in the distances. The voices of people talking, the kiaii screams of the warriors who were training, and the sound of people working. In the garden were two little boys training with there wooden katana's. They looked up and stared at me. The smaller one of the two tugged on the sleeve of the biggest one. \"Onii-chan thats the witch from the west right. The one who used the weird magic on Kazama nii-san and kei nii-san \" \"Umn\" he said whild nodding his head. I didn't noticed I had slowed down my pace and started to smile at the little boy's. A thug from the rope wich bound me and was held by Kazama, called me back to reality. \"Keep walking\" Kazama said. We enterd a room on the other side of the mansion. Right now it was empty, but with no doubt this room for sure would soon be occupaid by more people. \"Tomoe-san\" Kazama said. A sliding door was opend revealing a woman sitting besides it. She wore a beautifull yellow kimono with a light blue obi. The kimono had the pattern of waves on the end of the kimono and the sleeves. \"Yes Kazama-san\" she said in a quiet and feminine way. \"Could you inform your chichiue and his men that the witch has woken up\" \"Yes undersood, Kazama-san\" she said and close the sliding door again. Before it was closed completely she glanced over to me and looked me in the eye. Then she compleatly shut the door. \"Kazama-sama where am I exactly?\" I asked the young samurai. No awnser Then the sound of many foodsteps could be heard outside the sliding door. The woman named Tomoe had slided the door open and bowed slightly when the men enterd the room. The leading samurai whas the samurai who had struck me down that night. They all sat down in two lines at the sides of the room. Torii, the old samurai sat down at platform that stood before a beautiful folding screen. There was a dragon painted on it surrounded by sakura . Kazama sat down slightly out of the line on the right side of Torii. I still stood in the middel of the room while all the samurai stared at me. I quickly kneeled down and bowed until my forehead touched the tatami. \"My name is Torii Yōzō, I am the south magistrate of kyoto. Who are you and what is your goal\" he said. The last thing was something he didn't asked but demanded. Slowly I rose a bid but I still looked down and started to talk \" my name is Melissa van Rijn. I have come here to study the ways of the samurai and Bushido\" \"Study?\" Torii said. \"Yes study. Ever sinds I was small Japan and the fighting class especially has interested me. So when I got the chance to study and learn in this country I took it with both hands.\" \"Even though you know this county is closed for Gajin\" \"I am well aware of the risk, Torii-sama. But if we scientist let that get in our way then there would be no progress in the world\" I repeated the words of my dear friend Mr Bruin. He was a friend of my father who supported our little family when he died. He is also the one who thought me about Japan. He just loved to travel the world to learn new medicine. I remember he would always bring me something from his travels. \"I will not run from my goal\" For a moment all the vassels were silent and looked at Torii-sama. Who in his turn looked at me. \"We cannot let you live, young girl. I am sorry but we are in war and you are a woman of the enemy\" he said and the vassels looked reliefed. \"Torii-sama!\" Kazama yelled and he bowed his head until it thouched the ground. \" she is a woman have mercy on her\" he said. I was suprised Kazama was actually pleading for my life. I followd his example and bowed as well. \"Please Torii-sama, I mean no harm. Please allow me to study I beg of you\" Torii-sama looked down and seemed to think a bit. \"Very well, we shall not kill you Melissa-san\" he said eventually. I felt the fear falling from my shoulders. \" but I have a few conditions\" \" Hai, please tell me the conditions\" I said \" one, you cannot leave this mountain, you will study in this village and if you leave it we will kill you. Two, you will tell us everything you know about the Isshin Shishi. And last there will always be someone with you when you walk around the village. And since Kazama-kun has pleaded so passionate for you life I will give him that responsibility\" \" but Torii-sama, I have my other duties and...\" \" No buts, this is my order and thats a final\" and with that Torii-sama stood up and left. After him all the vassels stood up, suprisingly none of them went against his order or even protested. After everyone else had left the room Kazama walked towards me and undid the ropes holding together my wrists. \"It seems like you will lkve to see another sunrise\" he said. \"I am sorry Kazama-sama, for burdening you like this\" I awnserd him apologetic. \"Don't apologise, This is a duty entrusted to me so I shall do it\" \"Yoroshiku onegaishimasu\" I said bowing to him as deep as I could. Kazama kneeled infront of me and bowed his head a little. \"Thinking of it, we have never introduced ourselves properly. My name is Katakama Kazama, a samurai vessel of lord Torii\" he said. I raised my head and introduced myself as well. \"My name is Melissa van Rijn, student japanese history and medicine\" \"Kazama-sama, chichiue says that our guest has to stay in your house\" the woman called Tomoe said through the sliding screen. Kazama loked shocked and wanted to say something but didn't do it in the end. \"Alright\" he said and he stood up. \"Folow me, I will help you carrying your belongings to my home\" \"Understood\" and I stood up as well. We walked back to the room I woke up in before, and on the way bakc we passed the childeren again. This time I waved at them and they waved back confused. We reached the room and grabed my stuff. Kazama dropped my suitcase with clothes wich jumped open speading my cloths all over the floor. Hastly he tried to put them back with a red face, I couldn't tell hem that those were my nightgowns and underwear. It would be to much for the poor man, who seemed more honest and innocent than when I first thought. Quickly we left Torii's house and walked into the village. Torii's mansion whas the biggest house in there, but you could still make out the houses of the normal villagers and those who fought and served. We reached Kazama's house wich looked like a small house for a samurai. It was as least four times bigger than a farmers house though and it had a small garden in the middel of the house. The garden whas the center and the house was a frame around it, that was the best way to discribe the house. Kazama stopped a moment before entering his house. \" promis me you will not use your magic in this village\" He said dead serious. At first I did not knew what he meant, but then it occured to me. \"You mean the camera?\" \"If that is how you call that spell than yes\" \"You got me wrong kazama-sama, that is no magic. I will show you later okay\" I said with my best smile. He frowned at me, stepped out of his geta and stepped onto the wooden veranda. I sat down first and pulled off my shoes, those were not really practical right now. I followd him into his house, towards a room facing the garden. \"This is the guest room, I will call you when dinner is ready. Also, KOHAKU, KOHANA come greet our guest!\" All of the sudden I heard a pair of small feet run over the veranda. \"Kazama-niisama, welcome home\" they said in harmony. Before me appeared two little children, a boy and a girl. \"Kohaku, Kohana this is Melissa-san, she will be staying with me for a while\" \"nice to meet you Melissa-neesama\" they said at the same time. \"Kohaku and Kohana are orphans, in return for coocking for me and cleaning the house they get food and some money so they can live\" I kneeled down and looked at the little childeren. \"Small amber, small flower. What a beautiful names you have\" the little girl, Kohana had hidden herself behind her brother at the sight of me but came out of hiding when I stretched my hand to shake there hands. Of course they didn't knew the gesture and jet again I had to explain to someone how we greeted one another in my country. \"She's pretty , nè Kazama-niisama is she goining to become your wife?\" Kohaku asked. The sudden question made my cheeks blush and besides me Kazama did the same. \"O..o..ofcourse not, she's well... she is a prisoner, yes a prisoner. But sinds she is a woman we cannot treat her rough so she will stay here for the time being\" Kazama explained quick. The two childeren looked shocked at the word prisoner and the boy tugged my sleef. \"Onee-sama aren't you scared?\"Kohaku said. \"I am, I am terribly scared. But I don't want to let fear stand in my way\" I answered him. \"Don't you have to unpack your stuff Melissa-san\" Kazama said. \"A yes, I will. Yoroshiku onegaishimasu\" I said bowing to him. \"Kochira koso\" he wisperd soft. Did I hear that right did he say that. I smiled and went into my room, closing the sliding door behind. I head his footsteps go away followd by those of Kohaku and Kohana. I sighed and smiled, my new life here had just begon. _ Sama: used to speak to someone higer than yourself, lord or lady San: used to speak to someone of your own status, mr or mrs O nii-sama: elder brother, very respectful. O nee-sama: elder sister, very respectfull. Chichue: father, very respectfull Yoroshiku onegaishimasu: please take care of me Kochira koso: please take care of me as well °°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°° Whayaa it has been a while, and a lot more people have saved my story, arigatto gozaimashita (bows polite) please keep on following the adventures of Melissa, Kazama and Keinosuke. Yes that guys will be tbere soon again. These three are my main cast. If you have any questions, suggestions or something to say, tell me. I just love your comments. ~shiroyuki[Chapter 6] Chapter 5 Kazoku (Family) 家族 1864, july 13. Dear dairy I was resting in my room after I told Torii everything I knew about the isshin shishi. He and his retainers had listen very carefully as I told them everything. I felt like betraying the people who took care of me,but there was not much to tell them. After all Katsura-san was carefull enough not to tell me anything important. The only thing I could tell them was who had brought me into this country and where I began my journey. Sakuma Shôzan, the old samurai who had brought me ashore. The mentioning of his name raised more than one eyebrow. Apparently he was a well know docter in kyoto. Torii had to laugh saying that that stubborn old docter will do anything to learn about western medicine. He wondered why he agreed to help me, and when I explained why a silence befell the group. I explained to them that mr Bruin had given me the opportunity to come here, and that he was te one who knew Sakuma. After some more discussion between the samurai they asked me how I knew Mr Bruin. When I told them he was my teacher they all looked suprised at me. In the blink of a eye the subject was changed and the questions about me personally started. Where I was raised, how old I was and if I was indeed a student medicine. I told them I was 18 years old and indeed a student medicine, and history for that matterd. Torii looked at me with disbelief and said something about why my husband allowed something like this, at wich I awnserd that I was unmarried. Now and that is where the real commotion started. Kazama, who had been sitting silent in a corned flushed bright red at my remark and the retainers around him began to tease him. Something about living with a otome. He brushed there remarks away but I could cleary see he was flustered. \"Melissa-san, dinner is ready\" Kazama said behind the sliding screen, and his foorsteps walked away. \"Wait, Kazama-sama\" I yelled and ran out of the room. Kazama stood still and looked at me. \"What is it, Melissa-san\" he said kind. \"I have a favour to ask of you\" \" what do you want\" \"Well if it is not to much trouble, I would like to see some places of the village, the places you use to train and how you all live\" I asked him. He looked at me and sighed, \"Promis you won't use magic\" he said dead serious. I started to laugh again. \" it is not magic, and I will show you what it is okay\" I said to him. \"I will trust you on that, do not shame my trust\" he awnserd me. \" of course, thank you very much for trusting me\" I said smiling and I walked towards the living room, with Kazama following me. After dinner Kazama took me to a field just outside the village. It was late in the mid day and the sky started to colour red. The wind blew soft and hot through the air. A lot of man were standing at the side watching two boys from around the age of 12 or 13 fight a friendly fight. They fought using a bokkum, a wooden katana. The old men were cheering and gambling on the boys. When I watched closer I saw Torii standing between the man and talking with his retainers with a smile on his face. It was the side of a samuari warlord I had never seen before, the side of a family man. One who cared for his people and smiled just as much. \"KIAIIII\" a loud scream starteld me and drew my attention back to the two boys fighting. One of the boys charged with his bokkum raised towords the other. The other boy lowerd his sword besides his hip, and held the bokkum horizontal. \"He is holding it wrong, watch what will happen\" Kazama said to me and pointed to the boy. The boy with the raised bokkum swong it down towards the boy who had his lowerd. The other boy swinged his bokkum upwards to block the strike, but when the bokkum made contact the boy who had swinged upwards lost his grip on the bokkum and it slipped out of his hand. The boy was unprotected and received a full blow from his opponents bokkum. \"Ite na mô\" he yelled and rubbed his sore head. \"Hahaha, good stike boy, good strike\" A faint familliar voice said. When I found the owner of the voice I was suprised and scared at the same time. It was the man I met when I ran from Kazama, Keinosuke. Keinosuke saw us and made his way towards us. \"Kazama good to see you still alive and well\" Keinosuke said and he hugged Kazama. Kazama hugged back and I was shocked because of the familiarity between those two. \"You as well ao haori, good to see you alive\" Kazama said smiling. Than Keinosuke looked at me and laid his hand on Kazama's shoulder. \"They forced you to baby sit her I heard\" he said. \"And I am very grateful he does, allow me to introduce myself. My name is Melissa van Rijn\" and I bowed. \"Eee, she speaks Japanese and she knows manners\" Keinosuke awnserd me. \"It appears she know them better than you Keinosuke\" A other known voice said. From behind me a man apeared. \"Sakuma-san!\" I said suprised. He was the last person I expected to see here. \"It is good to see you still alive and well, Melissa-san\" \"You as well, but may I ask why and how in the world you are here. Aren't you, well\" \" Don't say anymore Melissa-san. I am somewhat of a neutral party, I believe in tōyō dōtoku, seiyō gakugei. Westeners have good technology, but there way of live doesn't intrest me\" Now I knew why he had helped me, he wanted to learn from me as well. \"But young lady, I am very glad to see you alive after the Ikedaya incident. I have brought you there and it would have shamed my name had I let my guest die\" \"Thank you very much for your concern\" I said. \" I heard a interesting story from my son\" Sakuma said, besides him Keinosuke stiffend a bit. \"That you blinded him and Kazama-kun with some sort of magic\" \"Otou-san, you didn't have to say that\" Keinosuke said. \"Wait, Keinosuke is your son Sakuma-san?\" I asked with disbelief. \"Yes he is, are you suprised\" he said with a smile, he was obviously very proud of his son. \"Just a bit, and awnsering your question. It wasn't magic I used it was this\" I said and lifted the wooden case wich held my camera. \"What is it?\" Sakuma asked curious. \"It is a camera, a device used to take pictures\" I awnserd his question. He was obviously interested. \"What is a picture?\" Kazama asked. \"Something like a painting, only quicker and more accurate\" \" that sounds very interesting\" he said eyeing the case. \"If you would like to I can take a picture from you \" I offerd him. \"You can do that, yes I would love that\" he said smiling. \"Well than, just stand over there while I prepare the camera\" \"Prepare, don't you just flash that thing\" Keinosuke said. \"No, I have to set it up otherwise the picture gets blurry and not right, the one I took from you and Kazama is also not very sharp\" While I readied the camera Sakuma just stood there as I instructed. \"Keinosuke-san, why not join him. It will be a wonderful picture of a father and son\" I said pulling my head out of the black blanket that was part of the camera. \" no way, that thing will suck out my soul\" Keinosuke said. \"Don't be childish, ofcourse I will not do that\" I said to him. Reluctand Keinosuke stood besides his father. ''alright, I'm done preparing. Don't be scared of the flash that follows. It compleatly normal'' I said winking. I put my head back under the black blanket and grabbed the controler to take the picture. ''now smile'' I said. Both of them smiled and I took the picture. The picture came out of the camera and I flapped it a few times before looking at it. Sakuma and Keinosuke came closer and looked at the picture. ''whoa it's really awesome. Is that a tecnologie from you country?'' Keinosuke said excited. ''great isn't it. thanks tot his device I can show everyone waiting at home what this country is like'' I said enthausiast. ''if you ever get home, woman. Do not forget that you are a prisoner here, although I would have killed you personally'' Keinosuke said stern al of the sudden. This person switched from happy to cold at a moments notice. ''don't scare her like that Keinosuke, thanks to her I can now show off my precious son to other people without you being there'' Sakuma said putting the picture in his kimono. ''p..pp…precious'' Keinosuke stutterd becoming red. ''I'm really proud of you my son, keep on fighting for your own believes'' Sakuma said putting his hand on Keinosuke's shoulder. At that moment you could really see those two were father and son. ''those two'' kazama said '' are really found of one another, they are both subborn as a boar as well. When Keinosuke put on the blue haori his father was first against it, but ever sinds a big fight between those two,Sakuma-san has accepted the path Keinosuke wants to walk. It is a bloody path but if it's his dream he should follow it and die without regrets'' kazama finished his sentance and looked at his friend. '' looking at those two reminds me of me and my father'' I said and thought back at those happy times. ''he must be quite worried if you're on the other side of the world'' Kazama said. '' I do not know that, he maybe is. But he is closer than you think after all he died on japanse soil'' I said. Kazama looked shocked at me and than bowed. ''I am so sorry, it was insensitive of me'' ''it's alright Kazama-sama. It happend a long time ago'' I said smiling a faint smile. ''oto-san, please stop you are messing up my hair'' keinosuke said when Sakuma ruffed through his hair. ''realy father and a little kid'' kazama said smiling as well ","Summary":" Zetsuboū no sakura, Chapter 0.1, Midori no oka (green hills) As I stood there, watching the battel "},{"Movie":"Last Samurai","Title":"Scars","Author":"DaniMoon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3020713","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 Mizuki watched as the men in the village practiced their swordsmanship. She longed to be down with them, to fight with the passion of a samurai. But if she ever touched a sword, her guardian would beat her. She shuddered at the thought. He would take a bamboo staff and beat the marks into her back, so that all would know that she was a disgrace to the family name. She turned back to the hut where she lived under her foster father. It was time to prepare dinner. As she turned and her kimono fluttered in the air, a young boy about her age of thirteen looked up at her back and stared with wonder. He watched the hill, until his father called him back to practice. A year later, Mizuki had found an abandoned katana by the forest. She held it with great reverence. Always she had prayed for a sword to help her practice her technique and to enable her to become a great samurai. She practiced with her rusty old katana day after day for months. She had cleared an area of her field to practice as the sun set. As she improved and became stronger, the piles of laundry began to build up and the garden overgrew with weeds. Kaemon looked out into the small piece of land that he owned and noticed the neglect that was spreading throughout it. He called for Mizuki and heard nothing in reply. Kaemon stood quietly at his porch and listened for a sound to alert him to Mizuki's presence. A small noise from the woods drew his attention and he ran off into the woods. Mizuki stood in Kaemon's old clothes hitting a sturdy tree with the katana. The marks of her training were cut in to the bark of the tree marking her strength and growth over the months of practice. A snap of a twig caused her to turn; as she looked into Kaemon's furious stare. When the sun rose and the warriors of the village went to the field to practice, Kaemon was already there. In one hand, he held a bamboo staff; in the other he held something else. By one bruised arm, Mizuki hung limply; in her other hand was her rusty katana. Kaemon's face was sour and angry. He threw her down onto the field. She fell with at thud; no sound escaped her lips. She was silent and doomed. Katsumoto called out to Kaemon. \"What has she done to deserve this?\" Kaemon gripped the staff with a rigid fist and yelled back at him. \"She has practiced with a katana! The honored weapon of a samurai! She is a disgrace! I want nothing to do with a female that will not make a good wife! I will teach her a lesson that she will never forget. She will learn to be disgraced in the face of the samurai; she holds so dear.\" Katsumoto nodded his permission. \"No!\" The sound of a young boy rang through the field. The small figure ran to the group of men in the middle of the field. \"No. Please do not hurt her! She is only a girl!\" As he tried to push his way to her, Katsumoto stopped him with a hand. \"No, my son. She must be punished for her actions.\" \"Father….\" The protest died off into a breath. Then the beating began. Mizuki lay on the field as Kaemon beat her till her back ran blood. She whimpered and sobbed out pleas to stop, but all ignored them. The only tear shed for her was from a boy named Nobutada. Mizuki crawled back to the house, with a bloody back and a ripped shirt. Clutching her shoulder to ease some of the sting that burned through her back, she gasped in pain. Mizuki stumbled up the path to the house, her line of sight wobbled and her eyes watered until she couldn't see anything at all. Finally the house was in sight, she ran unevenly to the door. As she passed through the threshold, Mizuki tripped and fell onto the tatami mat at the front of the hall. Shakily she got back on her feet. Groaning and crying, Mizuki ran into her room and fell on to her cushion by the edge of the wall. After a few minutes of immense pain, Mizuki crawled toward her cabinet. Reaching toward the right side of the furniture, she knocked twice and a secret drawer popped out of the left side of the cabinet. Stretching out into the drawer, Mizuki pulled out a roll of linen. She shrugged out of the useless kimono and gently wrapped the linen around the bottom of her stomach to the top of her breasts. Sighing with relief, she pulled out her futon and stiffly lay down upon the futon. Gradually Mizuki fell asleep lying on her stomach. Outside in the field, Kaemon continued to rant about the disgrace of the idiot of a female he had taken into his home. His face turned bright red as he screamed his fury to the sky. His hand gripped the rod until his knuckles turned white. Cautiously his fellow samurai approached him. \"Kaemon, have you no consideration for the girl? You do not show the child compassion. Are you not a samurai to serve the people?\" Kaemon turned to his fellow, \"I have no sympathy for the girl. I have taken her into my household to protect her and to shield her from the world. I was the only one in the village who wanted to care for her after her father and mother died. I have given everything for this girl! I have given her my good name! The name of Yamamoto; an old samurai name! All for her!\" Steadily, yet majestically, Katsumoto raised himself from his kneeling position to face Kaemon. \"I will take the full responsibility of the girl's punishment. For I am the head chief of this village until my son is old enough to take charge of this village. Enough! Do not trouble Kaemon with the burden of this mark against bushido.\" Katsumoto, with cat-like movements, walked to the temple to meditate and pray. Nobutada sadly trudged back to his house. As he reached to porch of his house, he checked to rooms carefully to see if they were occupied. His feet padded silently on the wooden floor as his eyes moved from side to side. Sighing with relief at the fact that none of the rooms where in use, he ran to his room and shut the door behind him. Hot tears streamed down his face. His thoughts kept going back to the girl and how one as delicate as her could have dealt with that punishment. Gradually his breath came in raspy loud sobs. Nobutada fell to the floor - the only sound coming from the curled up boy was the hash breathing. With slight light steps, Taka entered her brother's home. She knew that her brother was not in the house; he was in the temple as usual. She had seen the beating of the girl and seen Nobutada enter the house in a distraught state. Taka faintly approached Nobutada's room; she heard the heavy breathing and gently slid the door back. Nobutada looked up at her with sorrow filled eyes. \"Oh, Nobutada…\" Taka sighed. Her eyes reflected his thoughts exactly. Crying out, Nobutada launched himself in to Taka's arms. Gently stroking his hair, Taka shushed and crooned soft words to him. She just held him and gave him all the comfort that he wanted. After a good while, Nobutada stopped his tears. He looked up at Taka with a man's eyes. Taka drew back with shock. Nobutada stood straight and walked to the door. At the door, he turned and looked back at Taka. \"Aunt, if you tell my father of this…\" Nobutada glared at her. \"Nobutada, I will not. Not if you do not wish it.\" Taka smiled understandingly up at Nobutada. He stalked out of the room and out of the house. He walked out to the porch of the house. The wind blowing in the countryside dried his tears away. He steadily built up a wall his heart. I will never show weakness again! I have to become a samurai! I will dedicate my life to be exactly like my father. I will be strong, unwavering, and honorable.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 Three years later Mizuki sat at the hilltop where she had always sat to watch the practice of the samurai. She gazed at the boys of her childhood practice their technique – no longer children they executed their katana movements with incredible precision. She sighed and the deep regret seemed to fill the atmosphere around her. My dream… Even thoughts of her dream were kept down underneath Kaemon's thumb. Kaemon would take her to the fields outside the house and beat her until he was satisfied that she would never touch a katana again. She slightly winced at the memory. As a habit, Mizuki reached back to grasp her shoulder. Running her hand over the abrasions, she closed her eyes to block out the recollection of her misery. Words could not describe the pain and suffering that I have gone through. The dread of coming of that day is awful. In the month coming up to the day, I am a shell. I wish that I were a normal girl: a girl without the dream of a being a samurai; a girl with an actual chance of marrying the man I love… Her mind wandered to her dreams and her wishes. As the men on the field sheathed their swords, the sound jerked Mizuki back to reality. Turning her back on the field, Mizuki walked back to the house to prepare for the return of Kaemon. She walked to the front of the porch and slid out of her geta shoes. Her tabi padded along on wooden floor. She walked to the kitchen to cook rice and belt fish for Kaemon. As the smell of the fish rose from the fire, the arrival of the samurai was announced by the jingle of the horses' bridles. Mizuki ran out of the house down the field to bow at the arrival of samurai. It was a tradition. As she stabled herself and bowed down at the waist, she looked up to distinguish out Kaemon from the hordes of samurai. His armor was dark blue and gold, and his horse was a chestnut color. She gazed unwaveringly at the group of samurai. Her eyes blurred at the strain of trying to sight Kaemon. Blinking to keep the water from blocking her vision, Mizuki missed the sole chestnut stallion without its rider. As the group of samurai gathered in the public field, Mizuki stayed in the outskirts of the area. Still straining to see Kaemon, Mizuki tried to see through the host of people. Katsumoto solemnly called out the family names of departed. The anguished family members slowly came forward and accepted the condolences of the men. At the end of the long list of the deceased, Kaemon's family name was called out. \"Yamamoto, Kaemon has passed on. He died with honor and followed bushido to his death. It was a good death.\" Momentarily forgetting himself, Katsumoto looked up at Mizuki with sorrow in his eyes. Surprise at the sympathy that radiated from Katsumoto's eyes, Mizuki bowed slightly to Katsumoto. He recoiled in shock at her action. As his mind took hold of his faus pax and he willed his heart to become cold once more, his eyes quickly withdrew their sympathy and became neutral. Mizuki turned away and walked back to her cottage. As she reached her garden and porch, she ran to the tree behind her house. Her geta flapped against the soles of her feet. Finally she reached the base of the tree; hugging herself, Mizuki cried silently. I never loved Kaemon as a father, but I miss him …kind of. I feel hollow inside. I feel deep inside me that there is a hole in my heart. Beyond the woods, a pair of eyes watched the girl cry near the base of the tree. The son of Katsumoto stared intently at the girl whom he pitied and felt was the most intriguing girl he had ever met. He could not describe it, but he felt compelled to her and to comfort her. He remembered how he had sworn never to give an ounce of pity to anyone like her. An outcast should never deserve pity or charity of any kind. She will wallow in shame and filth!... But she only wanted to be free and to practice swordsmanship just like any other… MAN! She must be a man. NEVER AGAIN! He turned away sharply. His mind was made up; never again would he pity an outcast. But that vow was never meant to last.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 Three years later; It is Mizuki's nineteenth birthday. Another birthday comes and goes in the life of an outcast. A little extra meat or sashimi (raw fish) and some hoarded sweets marks the special occasion. Even though these few extravagances can be used to give the air of celebration, the day passes with no joy. No outsider would dare to show the joy in the birth of an outcast and a dishonorable woman. Mizuki wallows in the sorrow of the life that the death of Kaemon has brought her, but yet she is as free as the wind. Mizuki lives alone in the house that was left to her. Mainly because no one in the village has the heart to exile her from the village, she was left alone in the house. They allowed her to keep her garden and a small rice patch for her own use. She works hard and long in the fields to grow enough food to last her the year. However for all of her hard work it never seems to be enough. The rice basket is always almost scraped to the bottom and the firewood lessens and lessens each day. But always in her time of most dire need, the rice basket is filled back to the top with rice she never had and the wood piles up. Mizuki unused to charity at first asked who gave them to her, but was responded to with silence, has gotten used to the charity of her guardian angel. Met with only glares and silence, Mizuki distances herself from the world. She has no need of the people in the village and is shunned wherever she goes. In spite of this, she still has one good friend, the sister of Katsumoto, Taka. Every once in a while Taka sneaks up to her home and shares a cup of tea with her. Mizuki, ever grateful to her one last friend, would do anything for the young woman. Outside of the happy village, a war rages on. Inside the village, the men are preparing for the war. Swords are being sharpened; javelins and bows are being made. Everyone is helping in some way; the women are sewing shirts and sowing crops and the children are helping. But no one wants the help of an outcast. Mizuki, helpless and alone, stores away the food that she can for the war times and makes extra medicines and bandages for her new plan. About one week after the start of the preparations for the war, a katana and wakizashi pair (daisho) disappeared. No one knew where it had gone. The valuable daisho and it's saya (sheath) also were no where to be found in the village. The daisho was his finest work, the sheath was made of polished wood and the swords were of the finest metal. Enraged the blacksmith scoured the entire village. Finally Katsumoto placated him. \"My friend, be calm. The anger building inside of you is not good for the rest of the swords that are to be made for the honor of our people. Be at peace.\" Katsumoto softly pleaded with his friend. The blacksmith scowled with anger, but still went back to the smithy to work on the swords and blades that would be needed in the wartime. Meanwhile Mizuki was by her hut practicing with her new daisho. In the old clearing behind her house, she deftly honed her basic skills. Dressed in Kaemon's old clothes, she was able to move freely and quickly. She marveled in at her ability to regain her mastery of swordsmanship. She knew in the back of her mind that again, she was breaking the honor of her family. No matter how many times she was forced to give up her dreams for the village, she knew that she needed her dream no matter what.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 Taka looked up from grinding the rice on the stone. She smiled slightly as she say Nobutada proudly stride by. Her grin changed as Mizuki almost walked into him by accident. Nobutada instinctively reached out his hands to steady her. She fell into his arms as she tripped on the cold, hard ground. Nobutada tenderly straightened her and went on his way, leaving Mizuki to stand there staring at him with stunned eyes. Taka, smiling broadly, went back to her work. She thought that is was immensely amusing that the two loved each other, but would never confess to each other. She knew that Nobutada would never allow himself to show tender love to the village outcast and that Mizuki would never allow herself to disgrace Nobutada by declaring her love for him. Taka regretted the rift between them, but neither of them would be willing to give up what they considered best for their love. Nobutada strode proudly to the center of the village. His father and the army of samurai were waiting for him. Bowing first to his father, then to the generals in the army, Nobutada stood straight and tall waiting for the judgment of the group. He was most surprised when his father hugged him and handed him a daisho pair to rival his own. \"My son, you are now part of our village army. You are now the leader of this village and you will lead your section to victory. Under me, you will be a general worth remembering.\" Katsumoto bowed to his son and in response Nobutada bowed as well. Then Nobutada opened his mouth to speak, but was lost in the arrival of a scout. Breathless and haggard, the scout was speechless. The only sound escaping his lips where heavy breathes and coughs. After a few minutes of immense pain, the messenger finally was able to speak. \"My lord, the emperor's men are gathering more and more foreigners to his ranks and the railroad is up and running to equip a great army. We must move quickly.\" Nodding his consent, Katsumoto strode off to his home to prepare and meditate. Nobutada nodded to the rest of the men and they roared for their new leader. Dispersing, the men ran to their homes to say farewell to their loved ones and to prepare for the battles ahead. Nobutada walked proudly back to the home of his aunt, where he lived. Holding his daisho in his belt and wearing a smile on his face, Taka could see to joy radiate from him. She quickly let Nobutada in and helped him dress in his armor. Dressed in his golden armor, Nobutada marched out of the house to return to the village square. However before leaping on to his horse and riding away, he allowed himself one last look at the hilltop where a lone figure stood. Katsumoto, already on his horse, saw out of the corner of his eye what Nobutada did and as his son leaped upon his horse and turned his back on the hill. Katsumoto saw the silhouette raise its hand to wave. Frowning with disapproval, Katsumoto glared at the silhouette until it by its own intuition noticed that it was being glared at. Mizuki looked out at the love of her life about to ride away. Struck between waving and letting him go with good wishes or not waving and not blessing him, she hesitated and waved to late. Nobutada had gotten on his horse and left her standing and watching him with a heavy heart. Almost crying, as the tears filled up her eyes, she stood there until Katsumoto glared up at her. Startled, she turned away and hoped with all her heart that Katsumoto didn't recognize her. Changing her mood, Mizuki walked back to her home hopefully, to practice with her daisho. She first ran to her room and changed quickly to Kaemon's old clothes. Grabbing the daisho on the way out, she places the katana and wakizashi upon her left side. Running to the forest, she reached the clearing in which she practices. Whipping out her katana, she practiced breathing with the sword held in front on her lap. Lifting up from the sitting position, she charged at the tree and cut it in two. Continuing her practice, she did not hear the approaching footsteps from the front of the house. Taka walked up the hill, silently and quietly, to sneak past any nosy villager who wondered why the chief's sister was going to visit the outcast. She quietly went into the house and slid the door shut behind her. Astonished, Taka looked around. She knew that Mizuki was hard at work to keep the house neat, but not this neat! The floors, worn and old, were in perfect condition. They were polished nicely and woven straw mats were placed on them tenderly. Taka looked around in wonderment until she finally reached the door to the back of the house. Opening it and staring out into the scenery, Taka noticed a figure practicing in the forest clearing. How could a man still be here? All the men left to for the fight against the Emperor's troops. Who is that? Could it be Mizuki?! No, not again! Taka ran toward the clearing as fast as her kimono and sandals would let her. Her mind swam with the possibilities that it could be Mizuki. She would stop Mizuki's madness before rest of the village realized what she was doing. Mizuki, fully aware of her surrounding now, noticed the struggle of Taka to run in her kimono. Panicking in shock and surprise, she threw the daisho behind her and tied it on the tree's branch. Then hitching her pants up, she shimmied up the tree and hid herself in the tree leaves. Without moving, she peeked out of the greenery to see Taka wildly looking for her. Sighing with relief, she kept on her observations; Taka sighed similarly, but her sigh was of regret and disappointment. Taka left the clearing with a heavy heart and a world full of disappointment. She knew that Mizuki would never give up on her dream, but is the journey toward it worth the consequences. If maybe a person from the outside world could come and help the village, then all would be better.[Chapter 5] Hello all! It has been years since I've posted. I just felt the need to come back to this story for some reason. My writing style has changed a bit since I last wrote this story and I did a bit of condensing in the past chapters. I hope you all like my new chapter and let me know what you think! Chapter 5 Under the moonlit night, Mizuki practiced her stance for parry and thrusting. Having seen the weak points of the samurai's armour, Mizuki grunted as she aimed for the imaginary head and neck of her opponent. She was blissfully aware of the absence of the samurai in the village, for her practices were becoming more and more frequent. The approaching winter months had the cold quickly tiring her out. She had decided earlier that day to start taking up archery. Knowing that the practice of archery may start up some rumors of her interest in military pursuits, she had confined in Taka. Claiming that the interest was purely for the hunting of meat to help her in the upcoming winter months, Mizuki had convinced Taka to lend her an old bow of Hirotaro's. Taka was hesitant about the true nature of Mizuki's want of bow and arrow, but knew that her friend was never one to give up on something that she wanted. Taka unwillingly had handed over the bow and arrows and resolved to tell her brother or nephew about when they returned. Mizuki had spent the afternoon carving out a target, but the night was to dark to properly aim and notch an arrow. She knew that the morning would bring the ability to being training and had stilled her body and mind to the drills of the sword. Her feet becoming ever more sure and strong in her stance, Mizuki could fight with both her wakizashi and her katana in two hands. This gave her the surprise factor of being able to fight left or right handed. Mizuki's thoughts drifted as her body followed the drills. She wondered about the fate of Nobutada and hoped that he was alive and well. Almost a year had passed since the samurai had left the village to patrol around the province and try to preserve the old ways. Her arms buzzed from the lingering feeling of his fingers steadying her when she had fallen on accident into him. She remembered the surprising warmth in his eyes and still found herself wondering if the emotion was real or a figment of her infatuation with the man of her dreams. A feeling of regret washed over her, as she thought about her old life before the draw of the katana and the ringing of steel. Perhaps the path of submissive daughter could have brought her, the man she loved to husband and the home that would have followed. She pulled herself from such thoughts and sheathed her katana. The cold had chilled her fingers from use and she wanted them able to notch a bow in the early morning. The morning brought with it the arrival of the samurai returning home for the winter months. These months of respite would allow those injured to rest and recover for the next battles. Mizuki quickly dressed in her kimono and ran out to greet the samurai. She bowed as Katsumoto passed and quickly glanced up at Nobutada. His face was lined with the hardships of war and she felt his gaze quickly pass over her. She felt her heart squeeze tightly but pushed it aside. She glanced up again to see a white foreigner in blue clothes bouncing along with his chestnut horse. She turned her head in surprise, but quickly bowed as the villagers around her tsked in disapproval. She followed the group to the center of the village and watched as Ujio threatened the man with death. Mizuki gasped, when the man didn't flinch at the blade whipping at his neck. Ujio's speed with the blade was without peer save Katsumoto and was sure that Ujio would kill him in the square. Nobutada heard the gasp and briefly looked at Mizuki, he knew that Ujio was dismissive with his threat and the foreigner was more valuable alive than dead. His eyes softened at the sight of Mizuki's astonishment and knew of her gentleness inside. As the group of samurai parted to reunite with their familys, Mizuki followed the trio dragging the man to Taka's home. She watched as Katsumoto told Taka of Hirotaro's death at the hands of the enemy and asked if she would care for the injured foreigner. Taka reluctantly agreed to her brother's wishes and bowed as Ujio, Nobutada and Katsumoto walked away from her house. Mizuki scurried around from behind a tree and up to Taka. \"Taka, who is that? What is he doing here?\" Mizuki climbed onto the porch and peered into her friend's house. \"Katsumoto has asked that I heal this man and care for his wounds. He wishes to learn about this man and his cultures.\" Taka gathered bandages, needle and thread to close the wounds. Mizuki removed her geta and walked into the house, gathering some sake to clean the wounds. \"Thank you for your help, Mizuki.\" \"Without Hirotaro around, I only have to fear being seen by your brother and Nobutada.\" Mizuki smiled and followed her friend into the room. She gasped as she saw the wounds on the man. Taka and Mizuki worked quickly; their deft hands cleaning, stitching and bandaging the bleeding cuts and scrapes. Luckily the man was still unconscious and oblivious to the feeling of needle through flesh. Mizuki and Taka washed their hands of the blood and Taka began to prepare the midday meal for her children and Nobutada. Mizuki looked briefly at Taka, leaving before Taka could pretend an offer of invitation knowing that Mizuki would have to refuse. Mizuki smiled at the two boys writing in the next room and scurried off to her own home. Mizuki reached her house and quickly grabbed a few onigiri. She sat eating the rice balls as she changed her clothes. First with strips of cloth, she bound her breasts so they wouldn't be in the path of her bowstring. Then she changed into Kaemon's old clothes and grabbed her bow and quiver. She played with the string as she walked into the woods, feeling its tension and softness. Nobutada looked up from the porch, where he and his cousins were eating fruit and saw the figure walking towards the woods with a familiar bow. He turned to Taka, \"Where is Hirotaro's old bow?\" Taka looked at Nobutada, \"I gave it to Mizuki. She wanted it to help hunt for game.\" Nobutada threw down the apple that he was eating. Taka watched as he flew up the path after Mizuki. She smiled gently to herself, knowing that Nobutada would feel honor bound to stop Mizuki.[Chapter 6] If you are reading this for an update, please go back and read chapter 5. I consolidated chapter 1 and 2, so that those became one chapter; I also added a little filler and edited some grammar mistakes in my previous chapters. Thanks! Chapter 6 Mizuki notched her first arrow into the bow and breathed deeply releasing the arrow as she exhaled. The arrow whisked through the air and hit the target at the very edges of her X. Mizuki sighed in frustration and renotched her bow. As she drew back her string, she heard a sound behind her and whirled around with the arrow pulled back. Nobutada had run up the hill and into the forest without his usual calm approach. He didn't quite understand the voice telling him to run faster to see Mizuki, but his mind kept flashing the image of a girl being beaten and the sobs leaking out of her tightly closed mouth. As he reached the clearing in the woods, he was faced with an arrow pointed at his heart. Nobutada instantly dropped into a readying stance, hand upon his katana. Mizuki looked deep into Nobutada's eyes and her gaze flicked up and down his stance taking in the sureness of his footing and the tensing hand upon the grip of his katana. She sighed and pointed her arrow down to the ground. Nobutada ran forward and grabbed her arms. \"Why? Are you mad? Have you lost your wits? Do you not remember what happened years ago? Do you bring dishonor upon yourself and your family name again?\" Nobutada shook her with each sentence. Mizuki was stunned that Nobutada was questioning her about her life and her choices. \"There is nothing left for me. Why should I care about dishonor or my family name? No one has caught me since and therefore no one has punished me. I make sure that my actions do not reflect those I would care about.\" Mizuki looked into Nobutada's eyes solemnly. She turned slightly to release herself from his grip. Nobutada's hands tightened as he felt her trying to escape. He pulled her into his chest and sighed heavily. Mizuki stilled in his arms and fiddled with the bow. Nobutada's mind was racing with each thought that surfaced through his memory. The flashes of Mizuki holding a rusty katana in her bruised arms, the look she had when her foster father died, the sounds of her bowl scraping the bottom of her rice barrel. His arms tightened around her as he sought to give her the comfort that he had been denied these years. Mizuki looked up at Nobutada and was surprised by the man holding her. She knew that these actions would destroy his honor, his pride; she would not let this gentle man she loved be so conflicted. She dropped her bow and arrow to her side and brought her hands up to his chest. His warmth radiated from his heart as she placed her right hand against it. She felt the heartbeat, strong and bold sounding out all that his life would bring. Mizuki gently pushed against Nobutada's chest until he let his arms fall to his side. She tearfully smiled at him and reached down to grab her bow and arrow. Nobutada grabbed her hand before it could grip around the bow. His face grew cold as he felt the calluses upon her palm. Beneath his hand was not the gentle slim hand of a proper Japanese woman, like that of his aunt. Those hands were callused only with the action of cooking, sewing, and nurturing the family. Mizuki's hands were covered with the same calluses that covered his hands. Hands that gripped the finest steel, strong in grip and swift with movement. Mizuki pulled her hand from Nobutada's grasp. She matched his gaze and smiled regretfully. \"A girl with hands such as these should not be around you. They have nothing to offer you but true dishonor.\" \"You kept practicing.\" Nobutada spoke softly as the words hissed out from around his teeth. Mizuki grabbed the bow and arrow as she straightened up. \"Yes, I did keep practicing. Please Nobutada, leave before you are found in the company of the village outcast.\" She turned back to the target and renotched the arrow. Her mind was whirling but she stilled herself to the task at hand. Nobutada flinched as she said his name. He straighten up and turned to leave, but was stopped by her deep intake of breath. He was drawn to the concentration of the girl before him. Mizuki's gaze was concentrated upon the target as she drew back the string to its most tight. She slowly released the arrow and breath in one smooth action. Nobutada smiled as the arrow buried itself closer to the X target. Mizuki grumbled as she renotched another arrow. Nobutada walked up to Mizuki and gently grasped her hands. He guided her arms into the proper position to fire the arrow and whispered in her ear, \"Gently breathe in as you draw back, and breathe out when you release but don't blink. You blink a little, keep your eyes on the target at all times.\" Nobutada tapped her fingers and she released the arrow. It landed with a thud a breathe away from the center of the arrow. \"I didn't make the center of the target.\" Mizuki looked at him accusingly. \"I can't work miracles. You need more practice.\" Nobutada walked over to the tree and pulled out the three arrows. \"I'll bring up a straw target so you aren't trying to judge your skills on a tree, but rather a real target.\" He ran his fingers over the arrowheads. \"Also so that you don't ruin all of your arrows from hitting the hard bark over and over.\" Mizuki looked at him curiously, \"Why are you helping me?\" \"You are different than I imagined, Mizuki. If the beating of bamboo cannot dissuade you from pursuing a life of the warrior, then perhaps nothing will.\" Nobutada slide the arrows into her quiver. \"Wait here, while I fetch a target for you.\" Mizuki watched Nobutada's retreating back and wondered what had come over him to give into such a breach of social norms. Mizuki sighed and picked through her quiver looking for the arrows she had already fired. She drew her arrow back in her bow and continued practicing. Nobutada walked into the training field and grabbed one of the older targets. He started off in the direction of Mizuki's home, when he was stopped by the shout of Ujio. \"Nobutada, where are you talking that old target?\" Ujio shouted from across the field. Nobutada turned slowly, his mind thinking of an excuse for the unusual behavior. \"I'm taking it to Taka's. Maybe the boys can use it for practice.\" At Ujio's nod, Nobutada shifted his direction slightly to pass by Taka's home before heading up the hill. Later that night, Nobutada sat by the doorway of Taka's house watching the rain pour down. The injured foreigner was still soundly asleep, resting from his injures. The boys were in the room beside their father's armor, kneeling and praying as Taka watched them from the doorway. Taka turned to Nobutada, \"How was Mizuki this afternoon? You stayed for many hours at her place.\" Nobutada looked at Taka swiftly, his face betraying the underlying fear of her observation before settling into a more neutral facade, \"No, it was nothing. We talked for a bit. I taught her to fire her bow with more skill.\" Taka smiled as she knelt beside Nobutada. \"Be careful, Nobutada. I don't believe that she has changed much since her younger years.\" \"No, Aunt. I don't believe she has.\" Nobutada glanced up at the hill where Mizuki's home stood. Mizuki gently pressed her fingers together, wincing as the tender flesh flared from the pressure. She smiled knowing that the hours of practice were reaping rewards. She watched the rain pour down as she slowly ate her meager dinner of rice and vegetables. As her body settled into a peaceful state, her mind began to race. Nobutada caught me practicing today. He taught me to shoot well; he guided my hands. He touched my hands. He knows my secret. Mizuki gasped as she recalled the number of hours that Nobutada must have been absent from the village. As leader of the village, Nobutada did spend many hours away from the central village life and patrolled so perhaps none would suspect anything amiss. She smiled as she reminisced about the day. ","Summary":" Chapter 1 Mizuki watched as the men in the village practiced their swordsmanship. She longed to be "},{"Movie":"Cats Don't Dance","Title":"30 Worlds Royal Megaforce XXIV-Cats Can Dance I","Author":"William Raymer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12820155","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 30 Worlds: Royal Megaforce, Episode XXIV: \"Cats Can Dance, Part I\" by William \"Blissey\" Raymer Based on the Warner Bros. Feature Animation (as successor-in-interest to Turner Feature Animation) motion picture Cats Don't Dance Screenplay by Roberts Gannaway, Cliff Ruby, Elana Lesser and Theresa Pettingill Based on a Story by Sandy Russell Gartin \"Princess Rose\" and \"Scarlett Warrior\" concepts taken from the Sofia the First fan-fiction series The Scarlett Saga Created by Ben10Man Previously on 30 Worlds: Royal Megaforce ... After the unexpected arrival of the newly-regenerated Thirteenth Doctor aboard the DDV Bishop , King William and the crew of the Enterprise arrived in the Unaligned World of Power Rangers 2017, where The Doctor's TARDIS time ship crashed into a building due to damage suffered during The Doctor's regeneration process. After meeting the Power Rangers who protect that world, both teams of Rangers worked together to stop evil sorceress Rita Repulsa's plan to use the TARDIS to travel back in time to prevent the Power Rangers from coming together. Rita then revealed that she had a Ranger of her own. Using the Green Power Coin that she had once used herself millions of years before, Rita summoned her Green Ranger. However, William was able to destroy the sword that bound the Green Ranger to Rita's control. Later, Rita summoned a monster to Angel Grove...but it had no chance against the combined powers of twelve Rangers. With things back to normal in Angel Grove, the Enterprise traveled to the next world—joined by not only the Thirteenth Doctor, but William's aunt Rose, the spitting image of the late Queen Scarlett... PROLOGUE Aboard Dimensional Defense Vessel Enterprise SAV-1701-A , Holodeck 2 En route to the Unaligned World of Cats Don't Dance King William of Cinnabar crept through the holographic underbrush, sword in hand. He was unaware of the dangers waiting for him, but he swore to be ready for any eventuality. A strange creature stood in front of his path. William held his sword ready to attack. A voice then cut through the stillness of the setting. \"E.R.I.N., pause program,\" it said. \"Think about it, William. This creature may not seek combat—just understanding.\" William looked up and saw his aunt, Rose Katarina Felchenerow. \"Combat might not be the only recourse for a situation. Be wary,\" she said. \"I understand, Aunt Rose,\" William said. A voice came on the communications pickups. \" King William, Princess Rose, this is Princess Consort Mal. We're approaching the interphase coordinates for the Unaligned World of Cats Don't Dance, \" the voice said. \" We'll be there in ten minutes. \" \"Just enough time for me to take a sonic shower,\" William said. \"See you on the Bridge, Rose.\" Rose nodded. \"E.R.I.N., end program,\" Rose said. The program dissolved into the bare processing grid of the Holodeck. William and Rose left the Holodeck. On the Bridge of the Enterprise , Princess Consort Mal of Auradon sat in the command chair as the dimensional waves cleared on the viewscreen to reveal the Unaligned World of Cats Don't Dance, the Scarlett Army space station known as Challenger Base orbiting silently alongside it. \"Now entering standard orbit,\" Chad Danforth said from the Helm console. The doors slid open, revealing Rose. \"Where's William?\" Mal said. \"Taking a shower in his and Sofia's quarters,\" Rose said. \"I see,\" Mal said. A few minutes later, William strode onto the Bridge. \"Sorry it took me so long,\" William said to Mal. \"No problem, William,\" Mal said. \"Candace, hail Challenger Base docking control.\" Candace Flynn tapped a few controls, then turned to Mal. \"Control standing by,\" she said. \"Challenger Base control, this is Enterprise , requesting permission to dock,\" Mal said. \" Permission granted, Enterprise ,\" the controller on duty said. \" King William, please report to High Commander Flynn's office on Level 2 as soon as docking is complete. He has some things he needs to tell you. \" \"Understood, Control,\" William said. A few minutes later, as soon as the Enterprise completed docking procedures, William made his way to Level 2 of Challenger Base and stood at the doors into the station commander's office. Taking a breath, William tapped the door chime control. \" Come in, \" a voice on the other side of the door. The doors slid open, revealing Phineas Flynn, High Commander of the Scarlett Army. \"William! How have things been?\" Phineas said before moving to hug William. \"Fine, thank you,\" William said. \"I presume you've read Mal's report about our visit to the Unaligned World of Power Rangers 2017?\" \"Yeah, I've read it,\" Phineas said as he moved over to the food replicator terminal. \"One root beer float and one cup of tea, Earl Grey, hot,\" Phineas said. As soon as the ordered items appeared on the reception pad, Phineas handed William the teacup, then sat behind his desk and took a sip from the root beer float. \"Then you know about The Doctor and Aunt Rose joining the crew,\" William said before taking a sip from the teacup. \"Yeah,\" Phineas said. \"However, that's not the reason I asked to see you.\" Phineas tapped a control on the desk. \"Send Commander Goldsmith in,\" Phineas said. The office doors slid open to reveal a tall orange cat wearing a Scarlett Army uniform. \"This is Commander Daniel Goldsmith, the head of the Army's Office of Special Projects,\" Phineas said. Danny walked up to where William rose to meet him. \"A pleasure to meet you at last, Your Majesty,\" Danny said. \"Same here, Commander,\" William said as he shook Danny's outstretched paw. \"Commander, please be seated and explain to King William what you told me,\" Phineas said. \"Yes, sir,\" Danny said. As soon as Danny sat in a seat next to William, Danny began to speak. \"Recently, we've detected a massive amount of chronometric particles emanating from somewhere in this dimension,\" Danny began. \"Someone is attempting to create a temporal vortex.\" \"Attempting, actually, is not the correct word: the vortex is open ,\" Phineas said. \"The Enterprise is to travel to the vortex's location and ensure that whoever has created the vortex does not alter history.\" \"Do you know the exact date the vortex is open to?\" William asked. \"April 17th, 1939,\" Danny said. \"How do you know that?\" Phineas said. \"Because I remember it well,\" Danny said. \"It was at the premiere of Lil' Ark Angel , Darla Dimple's last picture, when I first met you.\" Danny pointed to William. \"But...\" William started to say. But, he then realized that Danny remembered the meeting because, apparently, Danny had met William on the day he noted because of what the Enterprise was supposed to do. \"Do not tell me anything else,\" William said to Danny. \"Anything you tell me now could affect what will happen when I take the Enterprise into that vortex.\" \"Yes, sir,\" Danny said. \"Phineas, send Mal the details of our mission, including the coordinates of that vortex,\" William said. \"Will do,\" Phineas said as William stood and left the office. ::TBC::[Chapter 2] 30 Worlds: Royal Megaforce, Episode XXIV: \"Cats Can Dance, Part I\" CHAPTER ONE William, Sofia and Rose stepped onto the Bridge of the Enterprise , accompanied by a Scarlett Army officer in civilian clothes but with a Scarlett Army commbadge. \"Everyone, this is Nick Stokes from the Scarlett Army's Office of Special Projects,\" William said. \"He will be the OSP's observer on this mission. In the event Lady Mal, Queen Sofia or myself are not available, Mr. Stokes will take command of this vessel. Nick, would you care to say a few words?\" Nick, whom William realized had more than a passing resemblance to Jack Dawson Jr. from the Unaligned World of NCIS, smiled at the Bridge crew. \"Hello, everyone. I look forward to working with you all on this mission,\" he said. William gestured for Nick to assume one of the normally-unmanned stations on the perimeter of the Bridge. \"OPS has already cleared us to depart for the Dindal Anomaly,\" Mal said. \"Thanks, Mal,\" William said as he made his way to the observer's bench next to the first officer's chair. Mal took William's action as a signal to assume the command chair. \"Moorings cleared, Lady Mal,\" Sito said. \"Very well, Lieutenant,\" Mal said. \"Chad, take us out. ¼ impulse power on aft thrusters, port and starboard at station-keeping.\" Chad nodded, then tapped the keys on his panel necessary to carry out Mal's command. On the viewscreen, William watched as the spacedock doors grew then disappeared. \"We are free and clear to navigate,\" Chad said. \"Chad, set course to the Dindal Anomaly, hyper-light factor 6,\" Mal said. \"Yes, Mal,\" Chad said. The standard view of stars in space stretched into rainbow lines as the Enterprise leaped into hyper-light drive. \"Nick, since we have a few hours before we reach the Dindal Anomaly, let me show you around the ship,\" William said. \"Sofia, please keep an eye on things here on the Bridge.\" \"Will do, William,\" Sofia said before William led Nick to a waiting turbolift. Jack Dawson Jr. and Angus \"Mac\" MacGuyver were headed to the Haruki-ya lounge for a bite to eat when a nearby turbolift door opened, revealing William and Nick. \"Deck 10, home of Haruki-ya , our crew lounge,\" William said. Jack looked over, intending to say hello to William. Instead, he wound up face to face with Nick. \"Woah,\" Jack said. \"It's like looking into a mirror,\" Nick said. \"William, who is this?\" Mac asked, gesturing to Nick. \"Angus MacGuyver, Jack Dawson Jr., this is Nick Stokes. He is a member of the Scarlett Army's OSP unit,\" William said. \"Office of Special Projects, right?\" Jack said. \"Yeah,\" Nick said. \"Heard of us?\" \"Only that you took the name of your unit from the NCIS unit we know in our world,\" Jack said. \"We of the Phoenix Foundation have worked with them before,\" Mac said. \"He's gonna be working with us on our next mission,\" William said. \"We're going back in time to 1939 in order to protect the OSP unit's leader, Danny Goldsmith, from Darla Dimple and the A.I.C. Briefing files are in the computer.\" \"Got ya,\" Jack said. \"Nice to meet you, Nick.\" \"Same here, Jack,\" Nick said. As Jack and Mac made their way into Haruki-ya , Nick shook his head. \"This job just gets stranger all the time,\" he said. A few hours later, William and Nick had barely made it to the Main Engineering when Mal's voice came on the comm. \" King William, Mr.. Stokes, to the Bridge, please, \" she said. \"On our way, Mal,\" William said. On the Bridge, William and Nick stepped out of the turbolift and saw the multi-colored event horizon of the Dindal Temporal Anomaly grow on the viewscreen. Mal gestured for William to assume command. William sat in the command chair, while Mal sat in the first officer's chair. \"Attention, all hands. This is King William,\" William said. \"In a few moments, we will be entering the Dindal Temporal Anomaly and traveling back in time to the year 1939 A.C.E. It might get a little rough, so brace for impact. King William, out.\" William then turned to the Tactical console. \"Blue Alert, Sergeant,\" William said. Sergeant Tamora Calhoun nodded, then tapped a control on her panel. The Bridge lights dimmed and alert panels began to glow blue as the Bridge crew engaged their restraints. \"Entering the anomaly in 10...9...8...7...6...5...4...3...2...1...\" Chad said. The Bridge began to shake as the Enterprise entered the anomaly. Finally, what seemed like an eternity later, the viewscreen cleared to reveal Earth...but without Challenger Base orbiting. \"Astrometric sensors confirm we've arrived in the year 1939 of the Common Era,\" Sito said. William breathed a sigh of relief as he disengaged his restraints. \"Nick, Mal, Sito, Ferb, Sofia, with me,\" William said. \"Chad, due to the time period we have arrived in, I'm gonna have to leave you on board and in command while we're down there. No offense.\" \"None taken,\" Chad said. \"Mal, Sito, Ferb, report to Sickbay for temporary cosmetic modification. Doc McStuffins has already been briefed on what needs to be changed,\" William said. \"Once you're done, report to Transporter Room 3. We'll deploy in two hours.\" Mal, Sito and Ferb nodded, then left the Bridge. Ship's Log, DDV Enterprise , Mission Date 1,245—subjective dating, Chad Danforth recording. King William and his away team are ready to transport to the surface in order to begin our mission to protect Commander Goldsmith. I have been left in command of the Enterprise due to the racial injustices perpetrated against African-Americans in those days. I wish to state for the record that I had no objections to King William's decision to sideline me from the away team on this mission. The away team resolved from the Enterprise transporter on a rooftop overlooking the enormous backlot of Mammoth Pictures, the film studio that made the movie Danny referred to back on Challenger Base. \"In three days, the Lil' Ark Angel premiere will occur at Grauman's Chinese Theater,\" William said, gesturing to an Asian-looking building down the street from the building they stood on. \"William, look!\" Sofia said, gesturing to a soundstage far below. William looked down and saw an enormous wave of water burst through the door of the soundstage. Floating on the wave was a giant replica of Noah's Ark. William closed his eyes and, using the powers of the Scarlett Warrior, separated his consciousness from his body and flew alongside the Ark. After traveling all over the Mammoth Pictures lot, the Ark finally came to a stop. Studio head L.B. Mammoth ordered all of the animal actors thrown off the lot. The animals then stood, horrified to learn that Darla Dimple had arranged the demonstration. The animals then stormed off in disgust, leaving Danny alone on the side of the street—his Hollywood dreams apparently in tatters. William then rejoined his consciousness to his body and opened his eyes. \"Why didn't you...?\" Nick began. \"Mr. Stokes, when Master Yen Sid sent me on this mission, he forbade me from changing history if I ever traveled back in time,\" William said. Sofia put a hand on William's shoulder. \"When we traveled back to 9/11 in the World of Girl Meets World, it was the saddest moment of the mission,\" Sofia said. \"I have never seen William cry that hard in the time I've known him.\" \"Besides, history needs to proceed on its proper course until the Lil' Ark Angel premiere three days hence,\" William said. \"We just need to get down there and get our feet on the ground.\" ::TBC::[Chapter 3] 30 Worlds: Royal Megaforce, Episode XXIV: \"Cats Can Dance, Part I\" CHAPTER TWO That night, William and Sofia sat on a bus bound for Kokomo, Indiana—Danny's hometown. They wore isolation suits that allowed them to observe the events unfurling around them without actually being seen and altering history. It was raining hard over Hollywood as Danny, suitcase in hand and a dejected look on his face, stepped onto the bus. As the bus began its journey, the bus driver, sandwich in hand, began to talk to Danny. \"Did you hear about that disaster down at Mammoth Pictures?\" the driver began. \"Oh, boy. What were those animals thinking? I mean, what a bunch of noodleheads! No offense, you know. I'm not calling you a noodlehead. It's just...they don't belong in pictures.\" William shot a look at Sofia as the bus driver continued: \"They belong back on the farm. Look at them out there. Poor fools. They ain't got no future. But, what am I telling you for? You're heading home. You're not trying to be something you ain't. You're leaving this mess all behind.\" William turned to look out the window and saw the dejected animal actors trying to eke out whatever kind of living they could. \"You know your place. I mean, I know my place,\" the bus driver continued. \"You don't see me...\" William had had enough of the bus driver's comments to Danny. He stood from his chair, a hand on the controls that would make the isolation suit he wore visible to Danny and the bus driver. Sofia put a suit-gloved hand on William's. \" What are you doing? \" Sofia said. \" What about Master Yen Sid? \" \" To hell with Master Yen Sid! \" William said, shoving Sofia's hand off his own. \" I'm not gonna sit here and see Danny being berated like this! \" But before William could press the decloak control, Danny saw a sign promoting the world premiere of Lil' Ark Angel . An expression crossed Danny's face that was unlike any expression that William had seen on a being's face before. \" STOP THE BUS! \" Danny yelled. The bus driver slammed hard on the brakes, causing the bus to come to a stop. As it did, William's finger lightly touched the decloak control. Before William could be seen by Danny or the bus driver, William quickly fell to the bus floor and reactivated the cloak. \" Jeez! What do you wanna stop for? We just barely got started!\" the bus driver said, picking the remnants of his sandwich from off the bus windshield. \"Exactly,\" Danny said as he picked up his suitcase and made his way to the bus door. Then before he stepped off the bus right in front of the sign, Danny added, \"See you in the movies!\" before tightening his bow tie and stepping off the bus. The bus driver shook his head. But, before he closed the door and went back on his way, William and Sofia got off the bus...still unseen. William and Sofia watched as Danny saw a young penguin. \"Pudge!\" Danny called out. Peebo Pudgemeyer (or \"Pudge,\" as he preferred to introduce himself) looked up. He saw Danny and ran to hug Danny. \"Pudge, I need your help,\" Danny said, gesturing to the sign. \"I want to do that dancing thing for Mr. Mammoth the right way this time...at the premiere. Will you help me?\" Pudge's response to Danny's question? An even tighter hug that tackled Danny to the ground. . As Danny and Pudge walked off, William tapped a control on his communicator. \" Nick, this is William. Are you in position? \" William asked. Over at Mammoth Pictures' publicity department, the other members of the away team—also in their own isolation suits—stood ready. \" We are, Your Majesties, \" Nick said. \" Danny and Peebo Pudgemeyer are on their way to your location, \" William said. \" We'll be careful, \" Nick said. \" Stokes, out. \" William and Sofia watched as Danny and Pudge crept past the sleeping security guard at the front gate of Mammoth Pictures. They then made their way to the publicity department. Danny saw a chest of drawers and found one drawer marked \"Premiere.\" Danny quickly ruffled through the folders until he found one with the title \" Lil' Ark Angel \" on it. Danny reached into the folder and pulled out a slip of paper marked \"Premiere Invitation List for Lil' Ark Angel .\" As Danny fed the list into a typewriter, Nick looked over and saw some of the names on the list. They read like a \"who's who\" of Hollywood stars of the time they were now in: Judy Garland, Clark Gable, Greta Garbo and the like. Then, Nick watched as Danny began to type the names of some of the animal actors that he had wronged by falling for Darla Dimple's trap. Then, after typing the name \"Sawyer Dumas\" on the list, Danny pulled the list out of the typewriter and put it back in the folder. Finally, pronouncing the operation complete, Danny closed the drawer and smiled at Pudge. \"I love it when a plan comes together,\" Danny said. After Danny and Pudge left the office, Nick deactivated his isolation suit's cloaking device. \"King William, this is Stokes. Operation successful,\" he said. \" Well done, Nick, \" William said. \" See you back on the Enterprise . \" The next morning, William and the members of the away team walked up to the front gate of Mammoth Studios. \"Name?\" the guard said. \"Carter Winston,\" William said. \"We're from Adamle Temporary Workers, here to fill in at the publicity department.\" The guard checked a clipboard and smiled. \"Mind your step as you guys go in,\" the guard said as he opened the gate. \"The lot's still in disarray after those bloody animals went on a rampage yesterday.\" \"Thanks for the warning,\" William said. The away team made their way to the publicity department office. \"You're the guys from A.T.W.,\" he said. \"I'm Robin Venturi, head of publicity here at Mammoth Pictures. We called you in to assist us in catching up on sending out the invitations for the world premiere of Lil' Ark Angel the day after tomorrow.\" Venturi reached into the drawer and withdrew the invitation recipients' list. \"All you have to do and prepare those blank invitations-\" Venturi gestured to stacks on the desks near where the away team stood. \"-with the names on this list and send them out.\" William smiled as Venturi left the office. \"Here we go,\" William said. ::TBC::[Chapter 4] 30 Worlds: Royal Megaforce, Episode XXIV: \"Cats Can Dance, Part I\" CHAPTER THREE The night of the big premiere had arrived. In an alley behind Grauman's Chinese Theater, William and the rest of the away team could hear the festivities going on at the front of the building. \"At this point, we don't need to worry about changing history with regard to Danny,\" William said. \"All we really need to focus on is to making sure Danny's performance goes off without a hitch—and that means keeping Darla Dimple and the A.I.C. from ruining things.\" The members of the away team nodded. William then put his hand on the backstage door. \"Let's go then,\" William said. As William and the away team entered the building, William (with his Scarlett Warrior-enhanced hearing) could hear Danny whispering (presumably to Pudge), \"They're in. The minute the movie ends, we go on.\" William walked up to Danny and smiled. \"Need some help?\" William whispered. \"Who are you?\" Danny asked. \"I am King William of Cinnabar, and these are my friends,\" William whispered, gesturing to Sofia, Nick, Mal, Sito and Ferb. \"We're here to help you.\" \"Great,\" Danny whispered. \"We don't have much time, so let's get to work.\" William and the away team nodded, then set to work. As the movie continued, William was helping Pudge set up a drum kit and cymbals while Nick, Mal and Sofia were helping Danny move a baby grand piano into position. William let out a silent gasp as Pudge knocked over a drum, causing a cymbal to fall perilously close to the ground. William reached out with his powers and prevented the cymbal from falling to the stage floor. \"Be careful,\" William whispered to Pudge. \"We don't want to make any noise that could let people know we're back here.\" Pudge nodded. Then, before William could put the cymbal back where it belonged, Pudge snapped his bow tie in the reflection of his face on the cymbal's surface. Little did William or anyone else know that the sound would make its way to the hyper-sensitive ears of a giant sitting in a far-off balcony with Darla Dimple, L.B. Mammoth and Lil' Ark Angel 's director, Flanigan T. Flanigan. The giant left the balcony unseen. As William placed the cymbal back on the drum set, Danny whispered, \"It's almost time. I'll go set the lights.\" \"Check,\" Pudge responded. William smiled at the members of the away team. \"Seems like smooth sailing from here,\" William whispered. Then, William could hear Pudge grunt. William turned around and saw that Pudge had bumped into the leg of an enormous giant. \"Oh, shit,\" William whispered. \"That's Max, Darla Dimple's bodyguard!\" Max reached down and picked up Pudge between two fingers and rubbed Pudge's head on his head. Using the resultant static electricity, Max then made Pudge stick to a nearby railing. Stunned, Pudge stammered out, \"Danny, look behind you! Danny!\" Danny turned around and saw Max. Danny then leaped onto the piano and picked up a lit candlestick. Max simply breathed out of his nose, simply snuffing out the candles. The force of the breath sent Danny flying into a nearby winch, which set it off. As Danny saw Max clambering towards him, Danny grabbed the robe, which sent him to the overhead catwalk—just missing being smashed between Max's hands. Up on the catwalk, Danny ran to the door onto the roof. Danny thought he had escaped Max, but he was wrong...for a giant fist smashed up through the roof. Danny ran away, escaping repeated punches by Max through the roof. William and the other members of the away team came onto the roof just as Danny fell off the roof while running away from Max. \"Danny!\" William said. Max turned around and saw William and the away team. \"Who are you?\" Max said in his monotone voice. William had the members of the away team get behind him as he readied a transformation device. Then, William gasped as he saw a giant inflatable effigy of Darla Dimple in her Lil' Ark Angel costume. Standing on the figure's head was Danny! Max then grabbed one of the support ropes, causing Danny to fall to the balloon's waist area. He then called out, \"Here, kitty, kitty, kitty. Nice kitty\" as he began to pursue Danny. Finally, Max caught up to Danny and slapped him—nearly sending Danny off the balloon. Danny saw that one of the support ropes was still connected to the theater building. Danny grabbed onto the rope and slid on it back to the roof. \"Wait right here,\" William said to the other members of the away team before making his way to stand alongside Danny as Max began to pull himself and the balloon towards Danny. \"King William, what's going on? Am I gonna be all right?\" Danny asked. William smiled when he saw that there was a weakness in one of the support ropes' connection to the nose of the balloon. \"I think we are, Danny. Just follow my lead,\" William said. Max began to chortle as he threateningly stood over William and Danny. But then, Max's gaze was drawn to the balloon's nose too. His look of triumph changed into a look of fear. \"How does the kitty-cat go?\" Danny asked. \"M-m-meow? Hmm?\" Max stammered out. \"Very good,\" Danny said. \"William, pull on my count. 1...2...3... pull! \" The force of the pull caused a hole in the balloon to open. The force of the air's evacuation caused the balloon—and Max along with it—to fly away at breakneck speed. William and Danny took a sigh of relief. But the moment quickly passed as Pudge rushed past the other members of the away team and up to Danny and William. \"Danny! William! The movie's over! Everybody's leaving! We've got to...\" Pudge started to say before noticing Danny's disheveled state from the confrontation with Max. \"Woah. You're a mess!\" Danny shared a look of concern with Pudge, William and the away team. \"We've gotta get back down there!\" Danny said. \"Allow me,\" William said. \"Hold hands...or paws...or flippers, whichever you have.\" William, the away team, Danny and Pudge held on to each other before William made them all disappear in red mist. There was still one more important bit of business to attend to. But that must wait until next time. To be continued in 30 Worlds: Royal Megaforce, Episode XXV: \"Cats Can Dance, Part II\" ","Summary":" 30 Worlds: Royal Megaforce, Episode XXIV: \"Cats Can Dance, Part I\" by William \"Blissey\" Raymer "},{"Movie":"Cats Don't Dance","Title":"To Have and to Hold","Author":"Tomocopter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9349128","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 'So, how do you feel about cranberry?' Sawyer glanced at Tillie, really not sure about where this topic was going. Well, after the previous months she did have a fair idea, but for once she hoped that it somehow had nothing to do with her upcoming nuptials. 'The fruit? No strong feelings either way.' Tillie giggled, 'Not the fruit sweetie, the colour! My cousin had it as the theme at her wedding a couple of years ago, and it was just lovely! She had a cranberry sash, the bridesmaids wore cranberry dresses, the groom wore a cranberry tuxedo...' 'I really can't see Danny wearing-' 'And she even had cranberries baked into the cake! What do you think?' Sawyer took in a deep breath, trying to think of the most diplomatic way to resolve the situation. Danny and Sawyer had been engaged for five months, and Tillie had spent that entire time slowly pushing herself into the role of honorary wedding planner. With each passing day Sawyer was beginning to wish she had put a stop to it when she had the chance. 'Listen Tillie, I really do appreciate the thought...I just don't think we're going to be using any kind of theme.' Tillie looked disappointed, but seemed to pull herself together, 'That's ok, I guess...Well, the most important thing is really the church.' 'I'm an atheist.' 'Well, that doesn't matter! Danny's Catholic!' 'Only technically.' 'Come on, you have to get married in a church! You can't just-' Sawyer glanced across the crowded Mammoth Studios set to see Danny, gathered around a small table they had managed to procure. She didn't think she had ever been so relieved to see anyone in her life. He reached out to silence Tillie. 'Look, they're doing something important! We should really see what's happening there!' She rushed over, not taking the time to be stopped by Tillie. If she heard another fruit theme being put forward she might have needed to have them both killed. The pair walked over, to see Danny using family photos to explain the various members of his family they would be interacting with during the wedding. 'This is Josh, Ben's twin. He's the smaller one, so it shouldn't be that hard to tell them apart.' Sawyer cut in, 'He's also married to Danny's old flame.' 'I was 16 when we broke up! Six years later, it isn't a big deal.' 'Except she still has a huge crush on him.' 'Don't start', Danny pulled out another picture to put an end to the conversation. 'These are my sisters, Kate and Ciara. Kate's my twin sister, and Ciara's eleven, so that one won't be too hard.' Cranston snorted, 'You're family aren't doing much to end the Irish Catholic stereotype, are they.' Tillie gave Cranston what she considered to be a soft slap, 'Don't listen to him Danny, I think it's lovely. I actually wanted to have a little chat with you...How do you feel about cranberry?' Danny had nearly forgotten how much time he could sink into a movie once given the opportunity. The others had all left hours before, while he had stayed behind with Flanagan to do some lighting checks and get some shots that they might have needed. It also gave him excuse to get away from Tillie while she spoke to Sawyer about the advantages of having a harpist at the wedding instead of an organist. It was one of those moments where Danny was grateful he had been born male. He was just preparing to leave when he saw LB waiting at the exit, which was unusual enough. Seeing him around after six was a rarity, and seeing him on set was even more unusual. 'You waiting for anyone in particular, sir?' LB smiled, 'I was actually hoping to run into you.' He paused, lighting his cigar, 'Walk with me?' Danny saw no reason not to, and soon the two men were making small talk as they explored the studio.' 'Have you two made any grand plans for the wedding?' Danny laughed, 'No plans sir, grand or not. I'm just hopin' for something simple. Not that that'll ever happen with Tillie; I think she has a seating plan.' L.B. tried to laugh, but it came out forced, 'That's what I wanted to talk to you about. Do you remember that chat we had right after New Years?' Danny shifted uncomfortably. The news had broken soon after they had returned from their Christmas vacation, and the media had a field day. Danny and Sawyer had seen it as a funny inevitability; LB saw it as a business opportunity. 'It's not that I don't appreciate the interest Mr. Mammoth, I just don't think either of us want to make this a spectacle.' 'Danny, something like this could really boost your careers! You're both already the hottest couple in Hollywood, just think of this as advertising. I'd pay for everything!' 'I really do appreciate the gesture, but-' LB cut him off with a pat on the back, 'No need to answer now. Just think about it.' 'So, have we decided on cranberries?' Danny called in as he walked into Sawyer's apartment. The pair had mostly been living there since the engagement, while they tried to find a place to live. Five months in, and them spending their first months of married life in a hotel seemed more likely every day. 'Tillie decided that Chrysanthemum might be more appropriate considering she's planning on a summer wedding. I'm so happy for her.' Danny leaned down to kiss her, 'Heh, I was starting to worry about the cranberry tux.' 'Don't get too hopeful, she may get you in it yet.' He sat down next to her on the couch, wrapping an arm around her shoulders, 'I'm sure my brothers would love that.' 'Not nearly as much as I would. What kept you out so late?' Danny frowned, reluctant to pass on the story, 'Let's just say I was having a chat with LB.' Sawyer seemed confused for a moment, when it dawned on her what he meant, 'Please don't tell me he was asking about the wedding again?' 'Got it in one.' Sawyer sprang up, outrage written all over her face, 'That jerk! I can't believe he'd ask again after the first time; As if we'd let the media get involved! How did you break it to him?' 'Well...I didn't exactly turn him down.' Sawyer's head shot straight up, and at that moment Danny knew exactly what people meant when they said 'If looks could kill'. 'You what ?' Sawyer took a deep breath, clearly trying to get her emotions in check, 'Jesus Danny, the last thing either of us want! You'd probably give him the clothes of you back if he asked you nicely!' Danny was noticeably hurt by that, 'You know I'd never do anything to cheapen our marriage!' 'Then why on earth didn't you tell him no!' 'You're one to talk, you're letting Tillie plan this whole thing when you don't want any of it! If you can't even keep your best friend in check, how can you expect me to handle our boss so perfectly?!' They both stared at each other for a moment, both more than a bit surprised by the fact that Danny had lost his temper. The stunned silence didn't last long. 'Don't compare the two situations, Tillie's just trying to help! At least she isn't trying to make a quick buck out of it.' 'Come on Sawyer, you and I both know that you've hated everything she's come up with! We're going to be at her dream wedding the way it's going, and we'll both be miserable! How come you can get away with this and I can't?' Sawyer was surprised she didn't launch herself at him, 'How dare you of all people question my decision making! Don't forget it was your stupid decision that nearly got us all killed two years ago! If you were that quick to trust Darla, what's to stop you from trusting LB?' Both froze at that, stunned that she had actually come out and said it. In that moment she could have taken it back, but she didn't. Not daring to look back for fear that his eyes might betray how hurt he really was, Danny stood up and walked out of the apartment.[Chapter 2] Danny had to hand it to Sawyer, keeping the leases on both apartments did turn out to be a good idea. Although, not a good idea for the reasons she might have expected. This was all Danny could think of as he walked into his apartment. Walking in, he had to admit it had seen better days. He only stopped in very occasionally to gather supplies before returning to Sawyer's, and it had been nearly two weeks since his last visit; the signs of neglect were definitely starting to show. It seemed as if everything he owned was covered in a thick layer of dust. Still , he thought to himself as he cleared a place to sit, better than wandering the streets. Or going back. He took a number of deep breaths, trying to steady his frayed nerves. He still couldn't believe she had said it. He knew how stressed she was over Tillie taking over the wedding plans, but there was no excuse for what she had said. He sometimes wondered if she thought he didn't care about what had happened to them all two years ago. Everything had worked out well in the end, but that didn't change the fact that things could have ended so much worse than they did. Heck, he knew how differently everything could have turned out. If the ark incident had gone any worse they all could have been killed. If he hadn't gotten off the bus after seeing Pudge, he would still be miserable in Kokomo, and so many of the animal actors would have lost everything. He and Sawyer would never have seen each other again. Danny sighed. The thought of not spending the rest of his life with her was enough to turn his stomach; that didn't mean that he was okay with what she had said. There was a lot wrong with him, but therein lay the biggest difference between the two of them. He could never hurt her like that. Danny stood up, and walked across to the telephone hanging in the wall. He knew he couldn't stay there isolated like that all night. There must be someone there who would want to talk to him. Sawyer knew she had gone to far when he had walked out. She remembered talking to Danny's twin sister about what he was like as a child. She had told him that they were all fairly argumentative children, except for Danny. She said they always used him as a sort of barometer; if Danny ended up upset or angry they knew they had gone to far. The moment she heard the door slam, Sawyer understood that feeling of childhood dread. An hour later she found herself pacing up and down her sitting room, waiting for him to return. It was starting to dawn on her that he might not. It wasn't like it was all my fault , she thought. All he needed to do was stand up to LB and none of this would have happened! She loved Danny Kelly with all her heart, but she also knew what he was like. He was idealistic and rash and never thought things through if he could help it. Hell, he would be the first to admit that most of the opportunities he had had in his life came to him thanks to sheer dumb luck. Well, all but her. She walked over to her window, and tried to look as far as she could down her street to look out for any sign of him. Nothing. She was pissed over LB's suggestion, and he really should have turned him down straight away. But Sawyer could admit that wasn't the main reason why she was upset. Tillie had been running her ragged ever since they had gotten engaged. Sawyer had no sisters, and Tillie had been the obvious choice for Maid of Honor, a role she had taken on with great enthusiasm. At first it was sweet; Tillie had always been the kind of girl who had dreamed about her dream wedding, and she was bringing that same enthusiasm to their wedding. The main issue was that Tillie was planning her own dream wedding, not Sawyer and Danny's. Sawyer had never been much of a girly-girl, and the thought of putting in that amount of time and effort into planning one day was enough to make her sick. Tillie had put so much of herself into the planning, and Sawyer didn't know how to tell her that she was taking over her wedding. If they were still getting married. Crap. I've been such an ass , Sawyer thought to herself, heart rate starting to pick up. She knew she never should have said that, she knew it the moment it had come out of her mouth. She knew how he was going to react, and she said it just to get a rise out of him. She had hardly been a saint in their relationship, and taking the moral high ground over him wasn't going to get them anywhere. It clearly hadn't. It wasn't as if she wouldn't go to hell and back to be with him. Hell, even after the whole ark incident she had followed him down to the bus stop. She would never forget how she felt when she thought she had lost him forever; like she had been punched in the gut. She was starting to wonder if she had ever told him that. She couldn't remember ever mentioning it. She shot a glance at her telephone. If he was anywhere, it would probably be his apartment. Would he even want to hear from her. She thought about that for a moment, before coming up with an answer - probably not. After the sixth unanswered call, Danny seriously considered calling Sawyer. They could only let the fight simmer for so long, and sooner or later one of them would have to cave. At that moment, Danny didn't want to be the person who did. The list of numbers he could call was growing shorter and shorter, and he figured it would be cruel to wake up his family in Kokomo at that time of night. Well, there was one option. His brothers had a workshop, and sometimes they would stay there late into the night if they were working on a project. He figured it was worth a shot. It didn't take many rings before he got an answer, 'Hi, you've reached Kelly and Kelly! What do you need?' The voice was higher than he was expecting. That meant he had reached Josh. Danny winced. It wasn't that he and Josh weren't close; he just tended to talk to Ben when it came to relationship stuff. Due in no small part to the fact that he had slept with the woman who was now Josh's wife. Still, too late to turn back. 'Hey Josh, you got a minute?' 'Danny? Heh, unusual to be hearing from you at this hour. I take it you don't have a carpentry emergency?' 'Not exactly. What's happening on your end?' 'Nothing really, took Sally out to lunch today instead of doing any of my work here, so I'm stuck tryin' to finish everything.' 'Aw, that was sweet of you.' 'Yeah, starting to regret that now...You okay Dan? Your kinda lacking in your usual enthusiasm.' Danny sighed, 'Sawyer and I had a fight.' 'Really, you too?', Josh asked, a note of surprise in his voice. 'Never heard that from you before. What about?' Danny took the time to explain the situation to Josh, who, to his credit, gave Danny the time to get out all he wanted to say. Once Danny had gotten out all he wanted to say, Josh took a moment to consider it. 'That's a tough one. What did you do?' 'What could I do? I just up and walked out.' 'Go straight back.' Danny was taken aback, and needed to take a moment to make sure he had heard him correctly, 'Go back? After everything that just happened?!' 'Absolutely.' Josh heaved a big sigh, 'Listen Danny, I'm married to a woman who sees me as her second choice.' 'Josh, that's not-' 'Yes it is. You'll always be the one who got away. I'm okay with that. It just means I have to work harder everyday to keep my marriage working.' 'Josh...' 'You, on the other hand', he interrupted, not willing to let Danny interject, 'Have a happy, stable relationship. If you walk out every time you have a fight, you won't. Sometimes you just have to bite the bullet and face the music.'[Chapter 3] It had been twenty minutes since his phone call with Josh, and he was still undecided on what he was going to do. On the one hand, what Josh said did make a lot of sense. If he didn't go back, that would stick. He knew that when he came back would end up saying more in the long run than when he left; that didn't mean he still wasn't hurting. How right am I, though ? That was the same thought that had plagued him since he had gotten off the phone. It had been easy to think that it was mostly her fault since he had left. In reality, he knew it wasn't; he should have turned Mr. Mammoth down, and he should never have left. Still, she shouldn't have said what she said. Before he really knew what he was doing, he had left the apartment and began walking in the general direction of Sawyer's apartment. Admittedly, he still wasn't totally certain that he would be going back there; Still, it was a start. He had reached Pinky's Diner when he came to the conclusion that he would need to make a decision. Whether or not he had reached a point where he was ready to go home ( Do I get to call it home? ). Taking a moment to take a breath, he stepped into the diner. Soon after Sawyer had decided to give up and go to bed, she realised that there was no hope of her getting any sleep that night. She sat up with a sigh, deciding that some coffee might be enough to get her through the rest of the night. She shot a glance towards the door, before giving up hope and returning to the kitchen. She had tried to call Tillie, but hadn't gotten an answer. Still, Sawyer was the only person who ever called her, and Sawyer still hoped that if she noticed the missed call that she would come around. She always did. Unfortunately, it wouldn't be as wedding-focused an evening as Tillie would hope for. Unless she considered 'Will he still want to marry me?' wedding conversation. She sat back as she let the water boil. She knew she would be fine if this ended them, at least in the long run. That didn't mean that she wanted it to. She always thought that the point of adulthood was understanding the gulf between what you need and what you want. She just knew that she wanted Danny, even more than she wanted to admit. *Knock Knock* Sawyer shot up at the sound at her door, and looked at her clock. It was one a.m, far too late for normal callers. Still, she had little hope for it being Danny. In fact, the more she thought about it the more she realised it would probably be Tillie, back from her Bridge Club. Sawyer stood up, and went to answer her door. She pulled open her door, fully prepared to give Tillie the full story. What she didn't expect was to see a certain orange tabby staring at her, two cups of take-out coffee held out as a kind of peace offering. 'Truce?' Once Sawyer had her chance to throw her arms around the man who she was starting to suspect she would never see again (and clear up the coffee she had made him spill all over his nicest vest), the two had retired to the sitting room to engage in a capital 'T' Talk. 'What do you think would have happened if you hadn't spoken to Josh?', Sawyer asked, staring down at the dregs of coffee left in her cup. They had managed to have this conversation without it being too painful, but that didn't make it easy. 'I like to think I would have made it back. Might have spent more time being stubborn about it.' 'Can't blame you. Tonight was not my proudest moment.' The two took a moment to look at each other, and to take in every line and mark on the other's face. It didn't take more than a moment before both had discarded their empty cups and wrapped their arms around the other. 'I never should have-' 'Don't be silly, I was such a-' 'That doesn't make-' Sawyer leaned in to kiss him hard and fast, putting an end to any further apologies. She pulled back to look at him, a smile playing on her lips. 'Now we just have to think about how we're going to handle this wedding.' Danny gave a frustrated laugh, 'Don't I know it. I kinda wish there was some way we could skip the entire wedding business and just get to the marriage part without upsetting everyone.' 'I'm not sure how well Tillie would take that.' 'LB might feel duped too.' Sawyer lay back, trying to block out any further thoughts of this wedding. Still, after a few moments something occurred to her. She turned on her side, to find herself face-to-face with Danny. 'Okay, so if Tillie has her way we'll have at least 300 people at this wedding. How many of those people would you want to actually be there?' 'It's not that I don't want people there...' 'Danny, it's me you're talking to.' 'Maybe 80 of them.' Sawyer frowned, 'My thoughts exactly. God, it's not like either of us even want it to be a theme. I'd much sooner just head somewhere quiet with the people I wanted and get it all over and done with.' Danny smiled, 'That sounds pretty perfect to me. You, me, our friends and family and somewhere private. If only, eh?' As he said it, Danny could see the cogs turning in Sawyer's head, 'Penny for your thought?' 'Who's to say we can't?' 'What do you mean?' Sawyer stood up, 'Who's to say we can't do it that way. We can have anyone we want there in California in two weeks. We can probably get anywhere we want booked if we just mention our names.' Danny looked up at her, a smile starting to spread across his face, 'What are you saying?' 'I'm saying that you and I should rent a nice hotel up the coast for a couple of nights. We get a judge up there to marry us, then we can hold everything there. No crowds, no photographers, and nothing which doesn't get run by us.' Danny beamed, 'We can probably head straight out on honeymoon after it too!' 'And we can afford to put everyone we want there in a room for at least a night. I take it this is a date, Mr. Kelly?' 'That's right!' Danny beamed, and stood up to wrap his arms around Sawyer in a tight embrace. The moment only lasted a moment, when Danny leaned in to whisper something softly into Sawyer's ear. 'This means you have to break it to Tillie.'[Chapter 4] Danny walked into Sawyer's apartment, only to catch the tail-end of a conversation which he could only guess was between Sawyer and Tillie. 'Come on, you have to understand that it isn't anything personal. It isn't like I'm kicking you out of the wedding...Yeah, I understand, but...' Danny walked over to stand behind Sawyer. He placed his hands on her shoulders to give her what he hoped was a relaxing shoulder massage; judging by the tension he felt he didn't know if it would work. 'Listen, just promise you'll get back to me on this...Yeah, okay. Bye.' Sawyer slammed down the receiver, as if that would rid her of every ounce of venom in her body at that moment. Her look of defeat made it clear that it didn't work. Danny leaned down to kiss the top of her head, 'She still not taking it well?' 'Understatement of the decade.' That wasn't far from the truth. While everyone else had taken their plans for the upcoming nuptials fairly well, Tillie had taken it to heart to an extent that none of them had expected. They had spent the last week walking on eggshells around Tillie, in the hope that she would come around. That was starting to seem unlikely. Still, it was one of the few dark points on what had been a decent week otherwise. They had booked the hotel, found a judge, and arranged their honeymoon to both of their tastes. Things would have been damn near perfect if it hadn't been for Tillie. Or the fact that both apartment leases would be up by the time they returned from their had tried to convince herself that lots of couples must have spent their first months of marriage living in a hotel. Danny shook himself back into reality. He grabbed Sawyer's hand and pulled her up, and began leading her towards their door. Sawyer frowned, not looking too pleased about whatever it was he was planning, 'Aw Danny, I think I'm too miserable to go anywhere right now.' Danny just smiled, and continued to pull her towards the door, 'Come on, it'll be fun! Besides, I have something important to show you!' 'Daniel Kelly, where exactly are you sneaking me off to?' 'Stop, don't ruin my surprise!' In her defense, Sawyer had every right to be curious. They had been driving along the coast, but Danny had since taken off in a totally different direction, and seemed to be driving through every halfway decent suburb in Los Angeles. She wasn't sure how much more of it she could take. 'You searching for inspiration?' 'Not searching. Anyway, you'll be happy to know we have arrived!', he said with a smile, making a quick turn onto one of the properties. Sawyer struggled to make anything out initially, her view being blocked out by the threes and gate lining the outside of the property. Soon these broke, and both were faced with the building. Sawyer stared out over the property, taking in everything. Up until that point they had mostly been looking at newer mansions built in the most affluent parts of Los Angeles. A 1920s colonial build was far from what they had discussed. There was more yard than she knew what to do with. She got out of the car, walking into the house to examine the bottom floor. Oak floors, bright walls and wide open spaces. Totally removed from every home she had ever lived in. She walked along the bottom floor, examining the different living spaces. Behind her, she was dimly aware of Danny, who was providing running commentary to their surroundings. '...it's a great neighbourhood, it's really safe for celebrities, but our kids could still go to public school and meet normal kids! And the house is pretty open plan, so even though it's a little smaller than the ones we were looking at it feels just as big!' At some point during his rant, Danny finally realised that Sawyer was nowhere to be seen. He walked through the house, and found her sitting out on the back steps, staring out into the back yard. Danny walked out to sit beside her, feeling disappointment swell in his chest, 'You don't like it. I knew it wasn't anything like what we were looking for, it was stupid. I don't have a deposit on it, so we can just...' Sawyer placed a hand on his knee, and turned to silence him with a kiss, 'I love it.' Danny's eyebrows shot up in surprise, 'Really? I thought...Well, it wasn't like any of the other houses you wanted to look at.' Sawyer gave his knee a soft squeeze, and stared off into the distance, a small smile playing on her lips. 'I wasn't looking to start anything with any a farm boy from the middle of nowhere. I wasn't planning on getting my career this way. I'm starting to think that plans are total crap.' Sawyer felt as if a weight had been lifted off her shoulders. They had gotten into contact with their real estate agent, and according to her they should have the house by the time they were back from honeymoon. Knowing they wouldn't be homeless was quite a feeling. She was so thrilled about that, she didn't notice where Danny was headed until they pulled up outside an almost painfully cute apartment building. Oh, you jackass... Danny gave her a sheepish smile, trying to ignore the fact that she was likely fit to kill him. 'You do realise I'm going to kill you.' 'It won't be that bad!' 'I can't do this.' 'C'mon Sawyer, you're gonna have to do this eventually. I'll wait here until you're done.' Sawyer willed herself to leave the car, slamming the door behind her for emphasis. I can't believe I'm doing this... Sawyer had never seen anyone as shocked in her life as Tillie looked at that moment. She had that feeling again once she pushed passed Tillie and went into her apartment, 'We're gonna have to sort this out.' Tillie shuffled uncomfortably, trying to avoid making eye contact with Sawyer, 'I didn't think you would want to talk with me...' Sawyer ran a hand over his face in exasperation, 'Come on Til, you can't hold this against me...' 'Well, clearly you didn't take any of my suggestions very well-' Sawyer seemed to flare up at that, 'Cut the crap Tillie!' 'Excuse me?!' 'Listen, you know Danny and I both really appreciate everything you've done for us. This, however, is our day. We have every right to do this our own way. I'm not going to keep feeling guilty over this!' Tillie seemed to droop at this, 'Well, I'm sorry to have been a burden...' Sawyer headed for the door, 'Til, you know when the wedding is. You know we want you there. The rest is up to you.' ","Summary":" 'So, how do you feel about cranberry?' Sawyer glanced at Tillie, really not sure about where this t"},{"Movie":"Last Samurai","Title":"A New World","Author":"EmmWebb","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2883928","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 Indon't own any of this- except for Anna of course! Thanks fornstarting to read this, and tell me if it's actually worthncontinuing or not… This is my first try at a Last Samurai fic, sonit won't be perfect ; but I always have room for tips andnideas! Note:nOriginal dialogue or whatever in Japanese is underlined, soneverything's in English... Tell me if you think it'd be better andifferent way. Thenblue waves of the ocean once again awoke Anna Harper as she lay innher small bed. With a soft groan she rolled onto her back. She hadn'tnexactly become used to the constant churning of the ship yet; andnJapan couldn't come to her sooner. But she was doing her duty tonher country, to England; and she would have to risk nausea every oncenin a while if she was going to get the job done. Outsidenof her small porthole the sky was a dangerous gray. The first timenshe had seen it, about a week ago, it had worried her. Yet now it wasnjust another part of her journey; hopefully one that would bengrounded soon. Anna wasn't exactly one that was crazy about thenwater. Annanpulled on a dress as she tried to make herself as presentable asnpossible. The cobalt trim on the dress matched her eyes and the restnwas a soft baby blue. It wasn't an overly expensive dress; but itnwasn't one that a middle class person would wear. It was always anphilosophy of her father's that if you had money you should shownit. This concept was slowly but surely becoming one of Anna's own. Itnmust have been night when Anna walked out onto the deck of the largenboat. There was a rumbling of thunder was in the distance, and ansmall flash of lightening could be seen hopping from cloud to cloudnon the horizon. When she reached the railing she noticed the flecksnof stars reflected by the dark water. It was beautiful in a way…nOne that she had never explored before. A shiver ran down her spinenas a breeze blew past her. It blew through her dress and chilled hernskin; blowing strands of strawberry blonde bangs into her eyes. Yes,nshe knew how to speak the Japanese language; but her father hadnalways told her that the country had a mysterious sense to it.nSomehow Anna couldn't help but be excited at the thought of annadventure. … Therenwas a pause the first time Anna laid eyes on Japan. Of course she hadnseen pictures. Her father had shown them to her himself. But thencountry was so much more beautiful in person. Time seemed to stop,nand Anna would never forget the image of how green the grass was,nseeing mountains in the distance, and actually seeing some of thenJapanese residents for the first time. This pause did not last longnenough though; soon she snapped back into reality as she heard hernname being called over and over again. \"MissnHarper,\" A slightly short and round man had his hands cupped aroundnhis mouth as he called to her. His red hair was neatly combed to thenside and every moment or so he would have to adjust his glasses.n\"Miss Harper!\" Anna raised her head slightly to acknowledge him,nand then rushed down the ramp with both arms full of luggage. \"Oh,nthere you are, love. I was beginning to think you're father hadnsent you to Singapore instead.\" The man joked, laughing at himselfnfor a moment before realizing that Anna wasn't laughing along. Hencleared his throat. \"Allow me to introduce myself. My name is SimonnGraham, and you're father is a former colleague of mine.\" Annanstood in silence briefly before responding. \"Oh… Umm, that'snnice.\" There was another awkward moment. \"Are you the one I'mnhere to help translate for?\" She asked; she had not been given muchndetail when her father informed her of her job. She wasn't exactlynsupposed to talk about what she was doing. Simonnchuckled. \"Heavens no. I'm actually quite fluent in the languagenmyself,\" He informed her, turning slightly to call for a carriage.n\"You'll be helping Captain Nathan Algren… Although I must say Inwas quite surprised to see you step off of that ship. You're fathernsaid that he would be sending a talented apprentice of his, but Inwould have never dreamed that you would be the one.\" Anna'snface became red with embarrassment and slight anger. She was tired ofnpeople underestimating her abilities just because she was a woman.n\"You'll be glad to know then that I'm also quite fluent in thenlanguage; almost as much as my father is.\" The thought of hernfather's quick tongue helped to calm her; she had grown upnpractically speaking the two languages. Simon took her bags andnplaced them into the carriage, never noticing her change of mood. \"Yes;nyes I am.\" … Delicatenwomen in long, beautiful kimonos seemed to surround Anna. She hadnbeen aware of the clothes that the natives would be wearing, but oncenmore the actual sight of everyone around her was anything but boring.nSimon had insisted that she practice her casual Japanese while beingnshown to her hotel room. Anna was convinced that he wouldn't havendone such a thing for a male interpreter. \" Thanknyou .\" Anna said to her 'bag boy' before she shut the door,nturning to survey her place for the night. Simon had said thatntomorrow she would be taken to her new home and meet the Captain; andnif Anna thought about it long enough butterflies began to form in hernstomach. This really wasn't a job for women; but once Anna hadnher mind set on the job she could be quite stubborn. Being raised asnan only child with only a father could do that to a girl. Her fathernhad learned what the consequences could be of Anna not getting hernway. \"Didnyou enjoy your stay?\" Simon asked Anna. He gestured to thencarriage outside as the young attendant delivered her bags. Annannodded briefly before carefully sitting down. \"Itnwas- quiet.\" Anna explained, picking up the paper menu that wasnwritten in Japanese. She wasn't as quick in oriental writing as shenwas the language. She took a glance around her and leaned over tonwhisper to Simon. \"Don't you ever get tired of eating rice?\"nShe asked. She had always had variations to her meals each day. \"Oh,nno.\" Simon laughed. \"There are always other things to eat;nbut rice is of course the favorite around here. I should think younwould know that.\" Annansat back into her chair and forced her eyes onto the intricatencharacters on the menu before her. So maybe she didn't know everything about the country. But if this Nathan Algren wantednto be able to recite an English novel in Japanese, she was the personnhe needed. Simon proceeded to order for himself and took it into hisnduty to order for Anna too. \"So,nhow old are you now Anna? I remember the last time I saw you; younwere only a little tyke; stumbling around at your father's heels.\"nSimon let out another crack of light laughter. \"You were quite thendaddy's little angel, I must say.\" Annanglanced up from the table. \"Oh, thank you… Nineteen a few monthsnago.\" \"My,nmy; aren't you due to be whisked off and married now?\" Simonnasked, accepting the green tea that he had ordered moments before. \"Inwould have thought that you would have been bid off sooner than now;nyour father being so high up and all.\" Oncenagain Anna didn't respond. There had been a few proposals to her innthe past; a duke or two and such. Each time she would find a way tonwriggle out of it. The idea of being married to an old man didn'tnexactly appeal to Anna. This trip to Japan was yet another plot tonget out of the entanglement of yet another engagement plan. Afterna long pause of silence and delicately eating; Simon spoke. Hencoughed into a handkerchief before looking at his watch. \"I do saynit's about time for us to leave… You need to be settled into yournnew home and meet Captain Algren.\" He informed her. Not long afternthat had they left to lead Anna into her new place in the world. A/N:nI know it was a little short; but I thought it might be good for anfirst try ;). I do have a plan for this, so tell me if I shouldncontinue it or if it's so bad I should just kill it… Thanks![Chapter 2] Chapter 2 A/N:nHey, thanks for the review tomatojuice,nHalfmoonglasses, and Hanjelyka87!nI needed the encouragement to see if I should continue or not… Ifnany of you guys read this, please review and tell me what you think!nI'm running off to go turn on the anonymous review now, wink wink.! Annanhad forgotten where she was when Simon's voice brought her back tonreality for the second time. Not that she had ever known where shenwas; but after staring off into the beautiful and exotic scenery, shenwas lost in her imagination. This was something that sometimesnhappened often; occasionally she would be stuck alone in her housenwith nothing to do. \"Ah,nfinally… We're here.\" Simon informed her, the carriage comingnaround the corner of a large hill. Anna tried to sit taller as shenpeered around the thinning forest to see her new home. What she sawnsurprised her. Atnthe bottom of the hill was a field that was lined with uniformednpeople… People who Anna couldn't help but assume were men. Theynwere slightly disorganized, and some men were screaming at them in ancircus of languages. After a few moments Anna realized that what theynhad in their hands were guns… And apparently the Captain wasn'tnretired at all. … \"Whatnam I doing here?\" Anna asked aloud as she and Simon made their waysndown a path towards the crowd of men. \"Younare here to help Captain Algren with his Japanese.\" \"Butncan't you do that? You are fluent in the language.\" Annanprotested. \"I really don't think this is the place for a woman…\" Simonnstopped and turned to look at her. \"Then you and your father mightnhave thought of that before sending you off.\" That was the end ofnthat conversation. \"CaptainnAlgren!\" Simon called as he and Anna reached the front line of thensoldiers, causing one of the yelling men to stop and turn. Annanstopped in her tracks for a moment as she assessed the man that shenwas supposed to be helping. He was unshaven with a small beard andnmustache growing. His dark hair fell close to his shoulders andnlooked tangled in places. This Captain reminded Anna of the drunksnthat visited her father every now and then. Thenman turned and walked towards the two. \"Mr. Graham,\" He greetednSimon, then looked over at Anna curiously. \"Who is this?\" Simonnnodded as if he had been about to introduce her. \"Ah, this is AnnanHarper; Omura ordered you an advanced translator.\" He explained asna smirk spread across Algren's face. \"I'mnsorry… But a woman ?\" Captain Algren asked, raising anneyebrow. \"It just seems a little dangerous.\" Annanopened her mouth to answer as Simon answered for her. \"I assure younshe's the second best there is… She's only surpassed by hernfather, who happens to be needed.\" Anna glanced at him, aware thatnshe wasn't the best; as much as she would like to think so. \"Needed?\" \"He'snthe English King's advisor.\" Simon informed him in a slightlynbragging tone. \"And a very talented linguist. It seems that thengene was passed down a generation.\" Nathannnodded silently, and then turned to look at his 'army'. It wouldnbe a long time before he had them ready; translator or not. \"Inthink I would rather have two hundred of you Miss Harper than anthousand of them.\" Annandidn't respond for a moment, glancing at Algren. Of course it was anjoke; but Anna had no clue what the nature of his statement was. \"Two hundred women. It's pretty bad when your army of a thousandncan be beat by two hundred women.\" … Annansat in her room, her small brown diary close to her as she began tonwrite in it. Its pages were slightly stained and it wasn't in thenbest of shape, but she would prefer it to an expensive journal. Shenwas writing pages of her feelings about her position… Her protestnto being involved in what was destined to be a war. If her fathernknew about this- but what if he did, and he still sent her intondanger? But it would partially be her fault; she would have leftnwithout his say-so. Anna'sntrain of thought was interrupted by quick and heavy footsteps in thenhall. She raised her head curiously, cracking the sliding door to seenwho it was. A few seconds later she poked her head into the hall,nnoticing a distressed looking Algren making his way forcefully to hisnroom. \"Captain,\"nAnna said softly as he came closer. His room was almost directlynacross the room from hers. \"Are you ok?\" \"I'mnfine.\" Algren responded gruffly, approaching his door. \"Donyou want to talk?\" \"No.\"nAlgren answered sharply, slamming the sliding door shut. Anna jumpednslightly, now wondering why she even asked. … \"Ah,nMiss Harper! It's due time you're up and ready.\" Simon greetednher as she made her way down the path. It was early morning, and thensun was just beginning to rise over the horizon. Only a handful ofnsoldiers had shown up from the wake-up call only minutes earlier. \"Inwould like to introduce you to General Hasegawa.\" Annanpaused, her hair pulled back in a low 'ponytail' that blewnlightly in the cool breeze. \"Oh, hello.\" She greeted an elderlynlooking man with frost colored hair. \" General, This is Anna Harper .\" Simon informed the older man, who onlynnodded to her in response. It was a curious thing that this man couldnactually 'speak' without talking. It was as if she knew exactlynwhat the general was saying even though he had never done anythingnexcept a quick tilt of his head. Anna felt a sudden respect for thensilent man before her. … \"Enjoynit so far?\" Algren asked as soon as Anna caught up with him. He wasncurrently pacing back and forth in front of the handful of soldiersnthat had come so far. Annanglanced over at him. He was her 'boss' now after all. She wouldnhave to tread lightly until she knew how he would react to certainnsituations; which meant not to bring up the night before incase itndid turn out to make him angry. \"I did… It was a surprising daynfor me.\" Algrennnodded, continuing to survey his troops. A small smirk flashed acrossnhis face. \"I probably didn't help it much.\" That was hisnapology. Anna didn't realize until a few minutes later; but by thatntime almost the entire 'army' had assembled in their slightlynsloppy fashion. \"Oi,nCapt 'n, top of the mornin' to ye.\" Another older looking manngreeted Algren. He had thick snowy hair that fell into curls, alongnwith a bushy mustache the matched in color. \"And, eh, lass.\" Thensmile reappeared on Algren's face as this man spoke to Anna. Hentook it into his own to introduce her. \"Zeb; this is Anna Harper.nShe's the new translator Omura sent us.\" Grantneyed her for a moment, as if it were a joke that she was a woman.n\"Harper, eh? Name's Grant, Zebulah Grant.\" The man explained tonher, holding out his hand. Anna took it; being shaken vigorously bynthe rough palm before she was let go. The question of 'new'ntranslator crossed her mind, but she once again thought it best notnto ask. \"Whatndo you think about them today, sergeant?\" Algren asked, although hensounded amused. Grant looked like he would go crazy; throwing hisnhands in the air and rolling his eyes. \"Scraggly,\"nWas all he growled before yelling at the men. \"You good-for-nothingndogs! Disgraceful!\" He roared, as Algren looked over to Annanexpectantly. \"Arenyou going to translate or not?\" Annanblinked. \"Actually, I'm just supposed to be helping with your learning Japanese. Mr. Graham said you had someone else who-\" \"Shot.\"nAlgren stated, looking back over them. A sickening feeling fell intonthe pit of Anna's stomach and a pang of fear bolted through her.nShot… What was she getting herself into? \"He was shot during anroutine firing drill. And in no way do I intend to learn Japanese.\" Annanpaused before looking back out into the crowd of men. If she didn'tndo a good job and didn't please them, she would probably be sentnhome. She glanced back at Algren. Maybe home was the safest place fornher now. Honestly, she could admit that her father was right aboutnher stubbornness. But then again, the Duke of Brittany was probablynawaiting an answer from his proposal… \" You no-good dirty dogs,nyou're disgraceful !\" She said uncertainly. Algren tilted backnhis head and laughed, while wondering if even the soldier closest tonthem heard her command. \"MissnHarper, let me remind you that we are an army, not a class of kids.\" Grantndecided to chime in. \"Ay, I know ye can be louder than that.\" Henencouraged her, a playful smile behind his curtain of a mustache.n\"Don't worry about being proper here, Miss. These men wouldn'tnknow either way.\" Annannodded softly as she turned to face the large group of men. Shenclosed her eyes for a moment, thinking back to when she used to yellnout and run throughout the fields; playing. She would find anothernchild to frolic with while she slipped out of her father's grasp…nAlthough his 'grasp' was actually very loose back then. That wasna long time ago. \" You no-good, filthy dogs ! Thisnis a disgrace ! Straight lines! \" Nothingnhappened. Annanlooked over at the two men, feeling sorry and embarrassed thatnnothing had happened. Maybe being a woman changed things after all. Thenconfused troops suddenly started to react as if they were slugs.nFirst the men on the front row; taking a few steps here and there;nand in a matter of about thirty seconds they had formed neat rows. Ansmile of accomplishment spread across Anna's face, as Algren gavenher an 'I-told-you-so' glance. \"Tellnthem that even though you're a woman that they're still to answernto you like they would a sergeant.\" Algren advised her, receiving annod in response. \"With respect.\" \" Listen;nyou will report to me like you would Sergeant Grant . Withnrespect !\" Anna shouted, feeling a wave of triumph rush overnher; even though she was pretty sure that the last few rows of menncould hear nothing that she had said. … Drills.nOne after another, Anna wondered if Algren and Grant would ever takena break from the constant events. Then again, the soldiers needed it;nbad. Algren continued to run different firing and accuracy drills,nand Grant continued to bark orders at the men. Anna's confidencencontinued to jump each time she would translate a command and shoutnit to the fleet. It actually seemed like the men listened to her. Anbreak for dinner was not established until late that night. Theynskipped lunch. It was an hour these men could use for training theyndesperately had to have. \"Thatnwas… Eventful.\" Anna thought aloud. \"If I may say so.\" Shenadded. Although Grant had made it clear that it didn't matter hernshe acted; Anna couldn't stand to be impolite. She had to upholdnher lady-like status, after all. \"Ofncourse,\" Simon replied, looking down at his bowl of what lookednlike pig's food. Grant took a large spoonful of his own and shovednit into his mouth. \"Yea,nthey seemed to know generally what direction to point the guns in.\"nGrant muttered between another spoon of the broth. \"Stupid. That'snall I have to say about it.\" Annanglanced at a few of the men, who immediately turned away as if theynhad never noticed her. \"Ye did warm up to the spot well; quickernthan others. Especially considering that ye probably aren't used tonscreaming yer head off.\" Grant complimented her as she studied thentable of soldiers that continued to peek over at her. The samenoccurrence happened twice before she spoke. \"Whynare they looking over here?\" She asked curiously, looking to Simonnfor the answer. He was the only one who would probably know. Grantnshrugged out of the corner of her eyes. \"MissnHarper, you have to understand that these men have just about nevernseen a European,\" Simon glanced at Algren, \"Or American before.nMuch less a blonde woman such as yourself.\" He explained, referringnto her fair hair and eye color. \"You're exotic to them.\" Annanlooked back to the same table; and as she did so she wondered if theynwere showing her respect for a different reason than she thought.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 A/N:nThank you so much for reviewing! It gives me something to work for,nand I'm glad to know that I'm doing a good job. Tell me if you havenany suggestions; and don't worry, our favorite characters will be innthe plot pretty soon. Almostntwo weeks later, and the routine still hadn't changed. Wakingnup well before dawn, staying out all day, not eating dinner untilnlate night; the almost constant screaming caused Anna to develop anraspy voice the first week until her vocal cords became used to thenstress. Somehow Anna was now able to keep a quiet tone at night; andnif she rested well for the few hours of sleep, then her voice wouldnbe as normal and smooth as it usually would. Until that night, whennher throat was sore and she wasn't able to speak much. And yet thencycle continued. Annanhad become used to Grant and his blunt ways. She found himnentertaining, and he kept her busy during the day. He was also one ofnthe only things that kept her from going mad. He was crazy, andnreminded her of her father years back. Back when he didn't mindnactually having fun with Anna. She could have been dealt a hardnchildhood if he hadn't had his personality; which graduallyntrickled away over the years. Being around Grant's quick mouth madenher comfortable although she was in the face of training an army. CaptainnAlgren surprisingly understood Anna. She had no clue how, or even ifnhe did it for everyone, but above anyone else she trusted him. It wasnthis and the mystery about him that intrigued her. She was yet tonfind out what happened that first night she was at the camp. A timenor two she considered telling him some of her secrets; some that shenwould ponder at night and wondered what someone else would think. Shenwould always stop at the last second. Besides, she knew nothing ofnhis past, and doubted that anyone else besides himself did either.nSometimes his reactions to things were unpredictable… But Anna wasnsure that if she knew even a fraction of what had happened to himnbefore she came to know him that it would all make sense. Annanhad met this Omura man and the Colonel Bagley two or three timesnsince she had arrived. Omura was a slightly short man, dressed in annEnglish looking suit and talked matter-of-factly. He seemed to benthinking behind the scenes of what was truly going on. Anna had onlynbeen face to face with Bagley once; and even then it was as if shenwas invisible. He wouldn't speak to her, which gave Anna enoughntime to observe the strong distaste that Algren seemed to have fornthe man. \" Fire !\"nAnna commanded as Grant did so, the army responding pitifully. Grantngroaned so loudly and fiercely that one soldier looked over to himnfearfully. He reminded Anna of a lion. She was about to open hernmouth in a silent laugh when she noticed two figures just at the endnof the trail that led up the side of the small valley. Omura stoodnbeside Bagley, who promptly called Algren's name. \"CaptainnAlgren! General; Sergeant! A word!\" He called, as Grant lookednwarily to Algren. Algren only returned with a tightening of his jaw;nthen walking to the two men beside Grant and Hasegawa. Anna decidednto tag along. \"Hellongentlemen.\" Bagley greeted them. Anna noticed that he said nothingnof a female. \"We have some important news.\" Omurancleared his throat and began to speak. \"Katsumoto has attacked onenof the new additions to the railroad… If this continues, it willnseriously risk Japan's chance of modernization.\" Anna didn'tnunderstand much of the rest that the man said, as she began to letnher mind wander. Katsumoto… This was the name of the Samurainleader. Algren had been learning of him for some time, consideringnthat this was the man they would be fighting. \"Wenhave decided to place an attack on Katsumoto and the Samurai army.\"nBagley informed them, receiving a surprised expression from each ofnthe commanders besides General Hasegawa. Algren's face began tonbecome tighter into a glare. \"Thesenmen aren't ready.\" Algren protested, standing his ground. Bagleynlooked at him as if he were about to laugh. Apparently Algren wouldnhave no say in this matter. \"ThenSamurai won't wait for us to be ready, Captain.\" Bagley saidnnonchalantly, looking over the four people in front of him. Anna feltnit was the first time he saw her, although she was just aboutncompletely hidden behind Grant and Algren. \"You should go pack yournthings; all of you.\" Algrennstood his ground. \"This is suicide.\" \"Packnyour things Captain.\" \"MissnHarper,\" Algren spoke to Anna without taking his eyes off ofnBagley. \"You're not needed anymore.\" Ansmirk crossed Bagley's face, like his next 'move' wouldnguarantee him his victory. \"On the contrary. Your services arenrequired now that combat is being placed.\" \"What!nShe's a woman; the battlefield is not her place.\" Algren argued,nas Anna looked to the ground silently. She had a feeling that anheated 'discussion' was about to happen. \"Itnwill take too long to find another translator, and the attack must benplaced as soon as possible… Besides, Miss Harper had the choice tonaccept or decline the offer.\" Bagley countered. \"And if she doesnnot attend, she will receive no pay.\" Anna's jaw slacked onlynslightly, now speechless. She needed that money; for things that hernfather wouldn't pay for. After a few moments of silence she spoke. \"I'llngo.\" She answered, her eyes trailing from the ground at her feet tonthe field of soldiers below. What had she gotten herself into? Shencould feel Grant's look of disbelief on her; and she was stillnlooking sheepish when she glanced up and noticed how Algren'snfeatures were tangled with anger and frustration. He stormed by themnand headed towards the army. Itnwas now quiet, as Omura and Bagley seemed to be caught up in studyingnthe fleet Algren had trained. Anna stared off into the gently swayingntrees, unable to believe that she was being thrown into a battle withnSamurai… Or any other kind of army. Maybe they wouldn't find thenSamurai, there would be no battle, and she could just go home. Anna'sngaze slowly moved to Omura and Bagley. Then, suddenly, a gunshot rangnover the valley. Anna had grown accustomed to the sound of guns; andnhad unsurprisingly become a part of her everyday routine. This shot,nthough, was different. Quickly she turned to see a somehownfrightening sight. Algren; with his gun drawn, pointing it at ansoldier. Graham was yelling at the man to shoot Algren, who everynsecond or two of delay would shoot somewhere close to the man. Anthreat; but more of a test Anna realized as she continued to watch. Afternsomewhere around a minute the man finally shot; and came no wherennear his target. Algren dropped his aim and swept passed the groupnonce more, muttering his point to Bagley. \"They're not ready.\" Annanwatched him walk off, still in shock. … Eachnpiece of clothing was like being pierced through the heart. Not thatnAnna knew what that felt like; just a pang of worry and fear shotnthrough her each time she folded a dress or another garment andnpacked it into a case that would hold her absolute necessities. Ofncourse some of hers didn't match the list… But she would makenthem fit. Itnwas getting later and later into the evening; and the sun had set anlong time before Anna finally accepted the fact that she would benleaving. She had to open her curtains and operate by moonlight; butnit just fit the atmosphere better. Thick streaks of silver fell onnthe hard wood floor. Atnthe bottom of the pile, Anna's fingertips brushed across a thinnrough leather cover. A shiver ran up her arm and down her back. Shenreally couldn't think about her diary at the moment; she had sonmuch to do… Not to mention to at least try to mentally preparenherself for what she might go through in a few days. It wasnnauseating. \"Holdingnup ok?\" Annanjumped, jerking her head to the side to see her 'captain' in thendoorway. Without response she turned back around, still silent. Shenhadn't seen him since earlier that day, when they had been informednof being 'sent out'. Gently she straightened out a few wrinklesnin some of her packed clothes. \"I'm fine.\" Algrennwalked cLoser to her, what looked like his own clothes in his arms.n\"I don't believe it.\" \"Inam.\" \"Thesenare for your traveling… You know, we have to ride a horse and all.\"nHe set the clothes down carefully on the table. Algren's eyesngrazed over the diary, noticing how old and worn it looked. Nothingnthat would match what little he knew about Anna so far. Just aboutnthe only words she spoke in were Japanese. \"Is that an antique?\"nHe had a feeling that she was devastated by the news… The least hencould do was make conversation. \"No,nit's mine.\" Anna explained, now slightly more upset. \"My fathernbought it for me a few years back… I didn't start using it untilna few months ago, though.\" Algren nodded slowly as if henunderstood. \"Hendidn't used to be so; withdrawn.\" She continued, studying thenface of the diary. \"He had so much personality; so much happiness.nLike life was worth living.\" She shook her head, as Algrenncontinued to silently listen. \"He wanted to buy me an expensivendiary; you know the kind with the stationary and gold lined pages andna lock and all.\" She laughed lightly. \"But I'm so stubborn… Indon't know what I saw in this old thing.\" \"Hensounds like a respectable man.\" Algren finally spoke, glancing overnat Anna. She nodded. \"Respectable,nyes… But he just faded. His color bled away.\" Anna sighed, atnlast able to pick up the small book and place it into her bag. \"Nownhe's just worried with his work and his studies.\" \"Sonwhy didn't you just walk away today? It looked like the only reasonnyou stayed was for the money; but you're already rich.\" Algrennasked, now trying to figure out each piece of 'the puzzle'. Annanlooked up at him uncomfortably. \"Mynfather plans to just marry me off to the best eligible bachelor. But…nI don't know, I guess it's my duty.\" Anna thought aloud, nownwondering if Algren was either there or not. Then again, she was gladnhe wasn't asking too many questions and just letting her get hernfeelings out. \"But I want to explore the world; maybe even move tonAmerica… He says I can go as long as I save enough money fornmyself. He doesn't think I can do it.\" \"Ah.\"nThis was the only response Algren gave, before fully comprehendingnwhat she had said. \"You did seem a little old for an Englishngirl…\" Anna didn't even bother to look at him angrily. Tearsncontinued to build in her eyes as she thought about it. \"ButnI'd rather be married to an old man than never see my fathernagain.\" She managed, somehow able to keep herself from crying.nSure, she may actually be having a conversation with him; but Anna innno way could lose herself now. She would rather have the boring, busynfather she had now than cause him even more pain by having herselfnkilled. She was practically the only family he had left. Henhad found it… The reason she had been so upset. That and the factnthat she might face a horribly painful death in a few days. \"Don'tnworry about it Miss Harper; Anna.\" He tried his best to use ansoothing voice. The last time he had… Well, he couldn't exactlynremember. He cleared his throat. Crying women weren't really hisnthing. \"I promise you you'll get to see your father again.\" … Itnwas just before dawn when the horses were starting to be loaded. Thensky was a lovely lilac color; but the last time Anna had stopped tonenjoy such things was when she was a child. She was nervously pacingnback and forth, as soldiers geared the handful of horses that thenhigher rankings would ride. \"Oi,nlass, fine mornin', eh?\" Grant asked, reviewing the land and thensoldiers whom were already awake. Every few minutes another groupnwould arrive and help load the supplies; although they weren't anynmore skilled at this than they were at fighting a battle. \"Well,nbesides all of the facts.\" Anna looked up at Grant, a weak smilenappearing on her face. … Annandidn't know how Grant could walk so far. Shenwas already tired and even slightly sore after a few hours ofnriding; but he had been walking the entire time. Apparently Omura hadnforgotten her horse; or so that's what was said. Anna wasn't surenif she believed it or not. Grant, though, talked her into riding his.nWell, actually, more like forcing her to ride it. The man wouldn'tntake no for an answer this time. Theynreached 'camp' just on the break of nightfall. \"We'llnset camp here,\" Bagley commanded, turning his horse andndismounting. The clearing was just large enough for almost the entirengroup to fit. They were surrounded by the forest, which made Annanslightly uneasy about the fact that the Samurai knew the land betternthan they did. She would have to force the thought out of her mind ifnshe wanted to get enough sleep to function the next day. Soldiersnlaid out their small sleeping-bags, those who had them, and thenhigher rankings set their tents. After a while it was obvious that nonone would bother to help Anna with her accommodations. Slowly shendismounted and tried to comprehend how to make a tent out of all thenrandom supplies she had been given. \"Oi,nwhat're ye doin'?\" Grant asked her roughly, but not in annegative tone. He sounded more amused with her dilemma than anythingnelse. Without another word he had taken control and 'pushed' her outnof the way. \"Yenhave to string this just right; it goes around that branch there.\"nGrant nodded his head towards a nearby tree as he demonstrated how itnwas supposed to be done. A complicated knot held one side of the tentnup; until he could do the same to the opposite. \"And then yerndone.\" He surveyed his work, an entertained smirk on his face.n\"Ye know Bagley hadn't wanted such mess as tents; but I guessnsomeone convinced him otherwise.\" Anna merely nodded, glancingnover to the Colonel's tent. Gradually she was starting to understandnwhy Algren despised him. \"Ifnye need anything, the Captain and I are just a few paces over.\"nGrant informed her over his shoulder as he walked to their tent, tiednto two trees a small distance away. \"Probably won't sleepntonight; unless dreamin' about killin' a few samurai.\" Annanonly slept a few hours that night.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 A/N: Thanks so much for reviewing! It's good to know that someone's reading this and enjoying it. Plus, I'm glad to know that I'm doing a good job. I didn't really expect it! If you have any ideas, drop a review! Thanks! The horn sounded just too early for Anna. She hadn't gotten much sleep the night before… Being worried about her father, herself, and her new acquaintances took up too much of the time. She yawned and stretched, rolling over and almost hitting the tree beside her tent. After a few of what might be her last moments of rest, she climbed out of her tent and pulled her hair back with a tie that she had borrowed from a soldier. It could have just as well been midnight. Anna had no idea how long it was before sunrise; but she knew she wouldn't mind sleeping until then. The trees looked even more ghostly in the dark; casting long and twisted shadows with whatever light was there. No one else seemed to notice, however, since they were all busy packing what little they had brought besides military weapons. It took Anna a matter of five minutes to gather all of her things; just her diary and one of her coats to keep her warm. She hadn't brought anything else; it was actually more than they were supposed to bring, but she didn't think she would get in trouble. \"Need help?\" Anna looked over her shoulder to see Algren already untying her tent ropes, somehow easily undoing the complicated knots that Grant had made for her. \"Have a good night?\" \"It was long.\" She answered, looking over the tent at Algren. He nodded. He spoke as if he was a philosopher. \"A long march. And then a battle. A new enemy, but the same feeling I have every battle-- men will die here, today, and will I be one of them?\" He said aloud, as if reciting. \"It's the same thing every time; narrowly escaping death. Barely winning. This will be a hard fight.\" Anna didn't say anything else as fear began to set deep within her somewhere; and she couldn't help but think that something terribly wrong may happen. … The soldiers had wound up a steep mountain pass; but Anna couldn't think of anything but death. Dying; she wasn't ready… But she knew it wouldn't wait for her to be ready. What if it just came out of nowhere? With no warning, with nothing for her to leave behind but what she had done so far. It was then that she realized that's how death was; like a test to see how successful your life really was. They finally stopped at another mountain clearing, a thick fog surrounding them like a silver veil falling over the old and beautiful trees. Thick leaves of a deep green were a low roof above them; the trees tightly together besides the opening they had halted within. A few large oaks dotted the inside of their cage; a walled pen that men would probably die in that day. Algren broke her hypnotic state. \"Miss Harper- ask the General how the samurai plan to attack.\" Anna glanced at Algren, translating the request to General Hasegawa. The General nodded and explained their tactics to her. \"He says they will come straight on, push forward and keep attacking…\" She paused, looking up to Algren. \"He says there is no samurai word for retreat.\" Anna could feel a cold rush through her body as she said so, and there was another break for a moment as the General seemed to perk up. He spoke almost silently to Anna; who fearfully relayed the information to Algren. Her voice almost cracked as she barely whispered the words. \"He says they're coming.\" … Colonel Bagley's voice caused Anna to jump in fright. The flight of a bird, or a twitch of a squirrel's tail; anything that might signal some kind of assault made her almost spin around in terror. No one seemed to be amused this time; as long as Bagley was now around. Anna hadn't quite figured out why yet, but she had hunch that it had something to do with his personality. \"Captain, have you stationed soldiers to guard the supplies?\" Algren looked confused at his inquiry, but only turned his head slightly to answer. The supply train was at the very back of the fleet, away from danger. \"Yes.\" \"Who is overseeing them?\" \"No one.\" Algren's face immediately tensed for a moment, adjusting his weight in the saddle. He knew where this was heading. \"Mr. Graham, will you accompany me to the supply train? We don't want it to be the subject of a surprise attack.\" Bagley turned his horse, as Graham happily complied. They were gone within mere seconds; heading towards the supply train like this was something like procedure and not a cowardly act. Algren and Bagley both knew that a surprise hit on the supply train was very unlikely. \"I'm going to kill him.\" Algren muttered as Grant cursed under his breath. \"A waste of good ammo.\" Grant responded to his remark, his words the last sounds that faded into an eerie silence. Slowly he began to check his two revolvers, the small clicking of the chambers sounding like thunder ringing off the wall of fog before them. Minutes later a weightless snow began to fall, only a few small snowflakes falling slower than Anna had ever seen. The tiny fairies floated to the ground and disappeared, only to be replaced by another delicate ice flower. It was a mesmerizing dance that seemed to have been coordinated from the beginning of time. If Anna wasn't so fearful for her life then she would have been encased in another one of Japan's ancient beauties. Algren began to speak to Anna quietly once more, his eyes not moving from the direction he believed his enemies to be coming from. \"Miss Harper, do you see that tree behind you?\" He asked; confusing Anna as to how he could have any idea it was there. She turned slightly and bobbed her head. \"Stay close to that tree.\" \"That- tree…\" Anna turned back around. \"But Captain, Bagley ordered me to-\" \"Do you seriously believe that I care what Bagley says?\" Algren interrupted her, barely squinting his eyes to try and focus on an image he thought he saw in the fog. It disappeared, proving itself to be an optical illusion that he had developed from not looking away from the silver mist. Anna was reluctant to leave, for a reason she didn't know. \"Captain…\" \"That's an order Miss Harper,\" Algren finally turned his eyes away from their station to give her a serious and somewhat dangerous look. \"An order.\" Anna glanced at the glistening blanket and back to Algren, then nodding in respect. She slowly backed up a few feet, her final destination beside the tree that she had tied Grant's horse to. It nudged her shoulder gently, then stomped its hoof. Even the animals seemed to feel the anxiety that was continuously building. Suddenly there was a noise; one that Anna found vaguely familiar as if it was embedded into the back of her mind from experience. She realized it was the sound of horses. A fixed solid rumble could be heard beyond the wall of vision, becoming louder and louder as it came in their direction. Scores of steeds, galloping like a storm through the sky. Soldiers were literally shaking with fear; and Anna shared the same problem. Her arms and knees were trembling as she reached out one hand to rest on the tree and steady herself. The sound stopped. The stillness was shattered by a whispering that at first Anna didn't understand. After a few moments she realizes it is the close to voiceless soldiers, saying prayers in to their known and even unknown gods. Another voice eased itself into the mix. \"Sergeant Grant, order them into staggered firing position.\" Algren spoke, rising slightly onto his toes in the stirrups. It may be a quick attack; or not. All he knew was that he was about to have another adrenaline rush that comes with each battle. Grant repeated the phrase, holding one of his revolvers up to a firing state. \" Staggered firing position !\" Anna shakily translated, unsure like the first time she ever tried, if the soldiers in the back could hear and understand her. She was now clinging to the tree with one arm, somehow able to still stand through the quivering she was involuntarily going through. The soldiers slowly prepared to fire, the first row sinking into a kneeling position and the second standing behind them. Anna didn't know how to stand the agonizing tension. Anna didn't know who saw it first; her or Algren; but a figure slowly formed in the fog. It looked like some kind of ancient beast- on horseback and gliding like a ghost. He wore an intricate, horned helmet and flowing samurai armor. No colors were present, and all Anna could see was the haunting silhouette in the fog, like something from a terrible nightmare. Slowly another appeared, and then another, until unimaginable numbers stood in front of them. Anna, and the Imperial Army, were terrified. The soldiers stood petrified, gawking at the samurai or dropping to their knees and praying. One fainted from the overwhelming pressure. Grant orders them to hold the line; seconds later Anna translated it with difficulty. She didn't think they heard her, but it didn't matter much. They didn't care for much of any kind of orders, especially ones given by a woman. They held their positions. As if a mute and blind signal were gave, the army started to charge with such intensity beyond Anna's understanding. The horses' hooves pounded the ground without pity, and the men let out battle cries that chilled the blood. Polished metal spears and swords flashed ominously in the silver lighting. Algren roared for them to fire. Anna screamed the translation and pulled herself against the tree, her conscious shrieking at her to hide, run; anything to get as far away from this place as possible. Soldiers everywhere were fumbling with their guns, some panicking and running away. It was complete and utter chaos. Algren tried once more to command the soldiers to hold the line, but it was too late. The Samurai attack with such power that Anna knew she would be haunted for the rest of her life; even if her life only last a few more minutes. Those soldiers who tried to flee were run through with a spear or cut in half with a sword. Those who tried to reload their guns clumsily were showered with a swarm of samurai arrows. It was then that Algren began to command the retreat. A man sounded the bugle, and the army began to withdraw; and not in a leisurely manner. Anna sighed, already scarred from the bodies that already encircled her. She began to stand when she heard cries from the rear of the fleet; and it was then that they realized they were surrounded. Algren and Grant began to try and call orders, but it was no use. Soon it was every man for himself. The battle was soon everywhere, and there was no way to avoid it. Anna threw herself behind the tree, now unable to distinguish Algren and Grants voices from the terrible, terrible sounds of battle. Blood was inescapable; it was on her clothes, she could taste it; it burned her skin. It was anywhere she looked, and everywhere bodies were collapsing to the ground. Men, soldiers she had known somewhat, died in front of her in cries of sheer pain. In a panicking state she clasped her hands over her ears and sank to the ground, as close to the large tree as humanly possible. Grant's horse was still tied to the tree next to her, although it was obvious it wouldn't be for long. He was shielding her from one side as he bucked and reared in horror, and Anna dreaded the moment that he broke his bounds or fell lifeless to the ground beside of her. He was all that was keeping her hidden; keeping her safe. She wasn't ready for this. The howls- of pain, death, frustration, even victory; filled the air. They caused Anna to open her eyes and try to analyze her surroundings, if she was in danger or not. Of course she was in danger; she was in the heart of a civil battle, but she hadn't been noticed so far. Bodies continued to land around her, men falling with cries of excruciating pain. The worst, though, were the men who fell without making noise as they tried to; but each soldier fell a little to close for comfort. She pressed herself as close to the tree as possible, trying to become invisible. No one had noticed her so far; and now maybe being a woman wasn't such a bad thing… Each samurai wore his own vibrantly colored armor. A variety of flags gracefully floated through the air as some samurai dashed around the grounds, killing people instantly with a single flick of the swords in their wrists. Anna had heard the General speak of these weapons; katanas, juttes, and yumi; but she wasn't a weapons expert. All she knew was that they were fatal in the possession of these men. Deathly nausea began to set into Anna; and she peered around the tree to try and escaped the images that would be etched into her mind for eternity. As she did so she witness a samurai in black armor collide into Algren; somehow managing to stay mounted as Algren and his horse were knocked to the ground. She gasped, unable to scream as she clung to the tree. Another samurai came towards him, charging with a balanced spear and aiming for his target. Anna clenched her eyes closed, opening them seconds later just in time to see Algren flip the rider onto the ground and kill him with his own spear. Through this battle Anna noticed an unmoving figure; that at first she suspected was already dead. He was still mounted on his horse, and was wearing a black mask along with a horned helmet He had been the first samurai she had seen; and she studied him now as he stared at the passionately fighting Algren. A flash of yellow blew past Anna, causing her to whip around in time to see the samurai pierce Grant's horse with an arrow. The horse screamed in even worse terror; snapping his leather tying and trying to escape. He was promptly killed by a spear in his chest, knocking the horse to the ground alongside the tree. The yellow samurai continued to shoot fatal arrows, each one killing its target with ease. Her eyes nervously followed him, as he sped around towards the other side of the tree; where the battle was fiercer and actually taking place. She watched two of his arrows, as if in slow motion, hit Grant in the chest and knock him to the ground. It felt as if those arrows hit her too; the feeling of a lion tearing through her heart instantly sank her back into her original position. The rest of the army was cut down easily; those who were still trying to escape were hunted like prey. Soon though, the sounds of the battle eased away by every kill; and all she could hear were a group on the other side of her alcove. Cautiously she barely peeked around the trunk, to see Algren fighting off a collection of samurai. He was surrounded and outnumbered by a dozen to one; but still fighting heroically. Algren threw himself at one samurai, killing him before his shoulder is ripped by another samurai's lance. He growled and snapped the lance off, leaving part of the blade buried in his chest. Another samurai cuts his side, and yet another slices his forehead in such a way that blood began to run down his face and into his eyes. Anna thought she would faint from all the blood; but she had to survive. He had to survive. As the circle began to close on him, Algren widened it by spinning around with the lance, a flag still hanging off the end of it. A white tiger was against a blue background on a ragged battle flag; that was blowing in the wind with the same fervor of life that Algren had. It seemed almost magical; and Anna observed that the masked samurai noticed this too. There was silence, except for Algren's grunts as he spun around time and time again. It was then that Anna noticed her diary; flung on the ground beside the dead horse and opened to a random page. She had to get it; it was her father, everything she had. Her father. He was in the danger of a battle, and she had to save him… Without another thought, she began crawling towards the small book. The samurai, unless dead, were beyond the other side of the tree; interest in Algren keeping their eyes glued to his style of combat. Or so she thought. A victorious but small smile appeared across Anna's face as she grasped the book in one hand. At least she would protect something. Yet, as soon as it was securely in her grasp… \"Katsumoto.\" She was abruptly picked up by her shoulders and thrown into the clearing, sliding a few feet on the ground and just a small distance away from Algren's circle of samurai. This was all done in one swift motion, and Anna let out a blood curling scream as it was done so. Everything seemed to stop; her hair that was pulled back now fell down as simply as the snow that had stopped falling some time earlier. It was the black samurai, with his hair pulled back into a loosening top knot. As soon as he saw her his look of victory and accomplishment turned into surprise and disgust. \" A woman .\" Nothing could be heard; each samurai was trying to see if what he said was true. After a few moments, no one moved. \" A woman should not be in the army ,\" The samurai spat, withdrawing his long and lethal sword. Anna gasped, tears running through the new dirt on the sides of her face. \" I'll kill her .\" He declared, raising his weapon. \" Disgraceful .\" Anna continued to sob; praying in her mind for her to somehow, by some miracle, get out of this disaster. Just to be home. She would never take anything for granted again, she swore… \"Ujio.\" The black masked samurai pulled off his mask, calling the black-armored samurai by name. Apparently the masked samurai was highly respected; this could be told by the way samurai were gesturing around him. \" Leave her be. She could be of use to us .\" \" Use ?\" The black-armored samurai asked as Anna looked to Algren's circle of samurai. Every pair of eyes in that clearing was on the woman soldier. \" She has nothing to offer .\" A stern expression formed on the masked samurai's face. \" She can speak the western language; and ours .\" The leader spoke forcefully, but obviously used to the black samurai's evidently fiery nature. \" And she is close to him .\" He referred to Algren casually. Before he could continued a groan was heard; and all eyes turned to Algren's circle of samurai once more. A crimson red samurai fell at Algren's, who was trapped on the ground, feet. Dead. Another samurai raised his sword at Algren, but was stopped just in time by a quick and strict command. \" He knows our enemy better than she does, but she is a quick way to him. Did you not see him commanding them? We need them both if we wish to win this war .\" The man finished explaining firmly, and each samurai stepped down. Anna could still feel the black samurai staring daggers at her, although his weapon was now sheathed. She looked to Algren to see if he was alright… And in bad shape. Their eyes met for a moment, and although Algren didn't know it, she believed they would be safe for the moment. Another grunt was heard, as Grant stumbled towards this leader, his rifle cocked. A samurai leapt to his master's rescue; fatally cutting Grant's stomach. Blood instantly began to pour from his uniform, and Anna cried out in agony. Grant fell to his knees, trying to hold his insides within him… He fell over. Grant was dead. Tears once more began to stream down Anna's cheeks. She was pitiful, but didn't care much about holding herself together at the moment. Grant was dead. The one man who reminded her of her father, her good father, and she couldn't protect him. She couldn't save him. Grant was dead . A painful yell was heard, causing Anna and Algren both to look back over the battlefield. Injured and captured soldiers were being slaughtered with one stroke of a samurai's sword; scouts, like this Ujio had been, finishing off the rest of the army. Ujio finally left her side coldly, making his way over to Algren. He seized the exhausted Algren by his shoulders and pulled him to his feet. Algren, although unable to, tried to weakly pull away. He somehow wriggled out of one of Ujio's grasps before Anna realized that he didn't understand Japanese. \"Captain,\" She managed in a choky voice, although Algren didn't respond. \"Captain! Nathan.\" The idea came to her as soon as his title didn't work. How she remembered his first name she would never know… Maybe studying really was good for one's mind. He looked over at her wearily. \"Nathan, it's alright. We're alright.\" The samurai seemed to be intrigued by her voice, the language she spoke. Algren nodded and relaxed somewhat now that he saw she was calm. He was pushed roughly to a horse as Anna calmed slightly more. She didn't know where they were going, she was just thankful to be alive for another second. After a moment she noticed the leader speaking to the yellow samurai beside him, and then nodding. The yellow samurai did so also respectfully, his eyes falling onto her and studying her for a moment. The leader turned promptly, mounting his horse and riding over in some direction… General Hasegawa? Anna pushed herself up until she was sitting, unable to believe that the General was alive. She instantly didn't believe this was fair- of course, she was glad he was alive. This was a respectable man that had helped them by giving them valuable information; but him living while Grant died? The General and the leader of the samurai exchanged a few words, before the leader bowed his head in agreement with something. As surprising as the first time, Anna was pulled to her feet; but with less force than Ujio had inflicted. She was facing the yellow samurai, who wore a type of yellow head band over his top knot. It was now, that was face to face with him, that she noticed how attractive he was. But she didn't really care; he was one of them. A samurai; the enemy. She continued to sob and tears continued to fall. He sighed and turned her around gently, leading her towards the samurai army. A chill ran down her spine at the sight of them, and a knot formed deep in the pits of her stomach. The yellow samurai was holding her up just enough to keep her on her feet as he guided her through the crowd. Well, the way things were looking now, she would need to get used to these people's ways… At least until she could form a plan to escape them.[Chapter 5] Chapter 5 A/N:nThanks again for the reviews! I really hope you guys enjoy this; sonleave me a review so I'll know. Thanks, it means a lot to me! Oh, andna special thanks to AngelesRose, the first one to review the pastncouple chapters; plus giving me some good tips. Thanks! Annanwas lost. Mentally, physically, emotionally; any way that you couldnimagine, misplaced. Vanished. Every ounce of herself she poured intonsurviving back at the battlefield, some hundred yards away. It wasnstill shockingly real to her; she could still see the blood in frontnof her. And that wasn't because she was surrounded by samurai. Shenwas riding horseback with the yellow samurai, her mind shut down. Shencouldn't really comprehend anything; didn't understand where theynwere going. Their language was a slur to her now, although if someonentried to talk to her in English it would probably be much the same.nHer hands hadn't been tied; unlike Algren, who had been bound asntightly as possible with a leather rope by Ujio. She didn't know whynshe wasn't; only that she wasn't planning on being chained. What ifnshe ran away? Well, she really didn't have any energy, and if shendid, she knew she would be taken down by arrows; and the fact thatnshe was a woman might have helped. That fact was helping her now morenthan ever… Theynwere in line behind Katsumoto, the samurai leader. Anna had heardnmany of the samurai address him, and could soon say it herselfn(although she didn't let the samurai know that fact… Actually, theyndidn't know much of her at all). He and General Hasegawa were leadingnthe line; which consisted of them, Anna and the yellow samurai, Ujio,nand a few more samurai. The rest of the army had been left at thenbattle site; leaving Anna to worry about Algren although she knewnthey would be fine. Theynwere trekking through a beautiful mountain forest, with the sunnshining and creating elaborate patterns of shadows on the forestnfloor. These were actually what Anna found herself focusing on asnthey made their way through. It was like making images out of passingnclouds; except they were more defined and changed little with thenwind. If she would look up the side of the mountain she would see anbreath-taking sight; the trees blanketing the surface of the mountainnas soft pastel colors dotted the deep evergreen of the trees. Thenbeautiful and natural Japan; proving that what she saw before wasnjust a taste of its real power. England had cultivated so much andnthere was almost no land left; but Japan was so open and exquisite. Itnwas quiet, and Anna was unbelievably glad that the sounds of deathnwere over; yet, was scared of the ocean of silence that nownsurrounded her. Nervousness clawed at her stomach somewhere back innher body, back where she could feel what was going on. Algren wasnstill unconscious with the rest of the army, which worried Anna. Shenhad watched the army disappear behind the thick forest that they hadnmade their way into; and without the captain there, Anna was actuallynafraid for her future. What would it mean if they separated them? Theynstopped in a small clearing, similar to the one the battle had takennplace in. The handful of samurai dismounted their horses; leavingnAnna confused as to what was going on. The yellow samurai followednthe lead of the others, and Anna gazed longingly at the ground. Shendidn't want to be on this horse. She didn't want to be riding itnbareback, and she certainly didn't want to be anywhere near thesenpeople at the moment. But it wasn't her decision to make now; she hadnalready messed up her life bad enough. She clutched the midnightncolored steed's mane in her hands, as if it would prevent her fromnfalling. Apparently she wasn't invited to go with the samurai; sincenthe yellow samurai merely turned and gave her a stern look to warnnher of running. She didn't think she would. GeneralnHasegawa and Katsumoto made their way to the center of the clearing,nas the rest of the samurai made a semi-circle around them. It lookednas if there would be a performance going on, although it was unknownnto Anna that it was an almost ancient tradition that was a huge partnof the samurai bushido and system. She watched curiously as Hasegawankneeled onto his knees, and Ujio poured a liquid onto Katsumoto'snexposed sword. Hasegawa unbuttoned his shirt, and seconds laternproduced a small but lethal looking sword. Hasegawa plunged the swordninto his exposed stomach, making a slicing motion for a moment andnthen not another sound. She gasped and could see him straining fromnwhat had to be enormous pain; but he still didn't even letting out anwisp of air. After a moment Katsumoto raised his sword and swiftlyndecapitated Hasegawa. Annanclosed her eyes tightly, biting her lip with a force she hadn'tnbefore. She was tired of seeing so many lives ended, and in such andisgusting way. Algren may be able to handle this for however longnthey would be trapped here in this mess, but Anna was questioning hownlong she would be able to last. She believed this was just anothernbarbaric act that kept pushing the urgency of her escape to soar. … Katsumotonstared over the land of his son's village, particularly looking pastna cluster of houses to a field in the distance. The flowing meadowntransitioned from golden to a yellow-green, and it was sprinkled withnflowers of soft pinks, blues, and lavenders. The morning mist wasnjust barely levitating above the grassland, causing the magical looknthat Katsumoto so much appreciated in his country. Although he hadnseen it many times, it was just as striking as the first time he hadnever seen it. This particular evening, he was in deep thought andnwaiting for his son, Nobutada, to arrive. Thesenwesterners were so confusing to him. He had thought that he knew atnleast a part of their world, but he had no clue. The minute he sawnthat woman in the army… These people are aliens. ButnKatsumoto now had a tougher problem to handle; what was he supposednto do with these new 'hostages'? The passes were about to freezenover, and they wouldn't opened again until late spring. He had sonmuch to learn… \" Father ?\"nKatsumoto turned as his train of thought was disrupted, laying eyesnon his son. It was the 'yellow samurai' who Anna had ridden back tonthe village with. Yet, even though his thoughts seemed to be killed,nas he saw his son's face it was as if he had found the answer. \" Ah,nmy son… I have an assignment for you .\" Katsumoto informednhim, as Nobutada's face lit with interest. \" You'll be lookingnafter one of the westerner's .\" He explained. \" Thengirl.\" Nobutada'snface instantly formed into a look of surprise and also slightndisappointment. He had to respect his father's decision for suchnthings; but there were other, lower ranked samurai who could do thensame thing he was being asked to do. He kept his mouth shut, butnthere would be no avoiding Katsumoto's senses. \" Asnprotection Nobutada; they are both valuable to us, but she is thenmost vulnerable .\" Katsumoto told him sympathetically,nnoticing that this raised his son's spirits slightly. He decided toncontinue. \" This is an important job that I trust you with. Remember, the warriors on the frontline are not always the mostnimportant .\" … Anna'sneyes slowly opened, the blurred space pouring around her. She groanednsoftly and tightly shut them again. Her ears strained to hear thensounds of her maids footsteps, walking around the large house andngathering supplies to make breakfast. Instead, she opened her eyesnand realized that her back was sore because she had been sleeping onna bamboo mat on the floor. Anwave of terror hit her as all the memories from the day before camenrushing back to her. She could tell it was the worst day of her life;nbut then again she did live, but that might be more of a curse thannit would a blessing. The blood, the fear, the death, the look ofnterror on the dead soldiers faces, the expressions of unfathomablenpain… Without warning the strong nausea struck and she instantlynbecame sick all over the side of the neatly kept wooden floor besidenthe bamboo mat. Everything became dark once more. Thenbeautiful stars in the deep velvet sky winked down onto Anna as shenopened her eyes. She was forced to close them once more. Even theynpounded with pain; and the rest of her body ached agonizingly. Shenthought she was about to cry; but the sudden jerking motion of hernsobs lit her very bones on fire. Of course this repeated a few times,nas the sting worsened her sobs became more violent, and the cyclencontinued until she finally realized that she had to stop herselfnbefore she couldn't take anymore. Her bouncing chest finally settled,nand her flailing limbs came to a rest; as she lay still and waitednfor it all to stop. Her dirty cheeks were stained with tears and shenjust wanted to rip her bones through her skin… But her fatigue wasnfinally too much to resist, and she drifted off to sleep once more. Golden rays of sun danced on the dark oak flooring. Anna had no ideanhow long she had been out this time… What felt like hours could bendays, or a mere few minutes. All Anna knew was that she was still innthis wretched place; and her head throbbed unbearably. It felt as ifnsomeone had struck her with an axe as she sat up, wondering why sheneven bothered. Maybe it would be better if she just died in thisnplace. If it ended her misery. Shenwas still wearing the uncomfortable men's uniform she had been given…nThe itchy and inexpensive fabric had rubbed her skin raw in differentnplaces. She noticed that the mess from her previous terror attack hadnbeen cleaned by someone, and was now looking as neat and perfect asnit had before. Perfect; sickeningly perfect was how that room was.nLike these people hadn't slaughtered innocent men. Annanjumped with paranoia as the paper sliding door opened. A beautifulnJapanese woman entered, and even though she looked guiltless enough,nAnna couldn't find it within herself to trust her. She was carrying antray, and gave Anna a very small upturn of one of the corners of hernmouth in sympathy. She remained silent though, and gracefully sank tonher knees beside Anna. As she did this, the tray's contents werenrevealed: a bowl of rice, another bowl of a steaming broth, and annempty cup. At first Anna was suspicious of poisoning; but thennrealized that her hunger greatly surpassed any suspicions she couldnconjure. And their leader, this Katsumoto, had said he needed her andnAlgren… Wait, Algren; where was he! Annancontinued to watch the Japanese woman carefully as she picked up ansmall pitcher of something, and proceeded to pour warm tea into thenempty cup. While she was bent Anna tried to look over the woman'snshoulder and out into the rest of the containment she was in; but wasnunsuccessful. All that was in her sights was a large room of somensort; or at least a portion of it. Bynthe time she was done surveying what she could of the structure, thenwoman was already finished with preparing what Anna assumed would benher meal. She couldn't remember the last time she ate, and the achingnpain in her stomach was reminding her of this fact. Anna glanced atnthe Japanese woman for a moment, and then awkwardly reached for thenbowl of rice. She noticed a pair of chopsticks, which she had only anlittle experience with. She contemplated how to use them while takingnan occasional glimpse of the silent woman a few feet away from her. Annunfamiliar voice sounded from the doorway, causing a cold tremble tonrun down her spine. It was a masculine tone; not deep, but oddlynvague… \"Taka,\" Anna couldn't help but look up to see thendignified figure of the yellow samurai, Nobutada, dressed in the samenblue kimono. She instantly looked away; she didn't want to have anynreminders of what had happened before. Apparently this man didn'tncare. \" She's awake ?\" Takandidn't answer him at first; staring at the tray with a look thatnseemed as if she were asking herself if Nobutada had any common sensenor not. She finally acknowledged him as she stood with poise. \" Yes,nshe's fine .\" She said softly, and Nobutada stepped aside toncreate an exit from the room. He stood silent for a few moments afternTaka left, studying Anna; before turning himself and leaving. Thendoor remained open. … Annanhad finished her meal not long after. She didn't take the time to benpolite and follow all the etiquette rules. She didn't realize howndeep her hunger was until she began to eat, and found herself on anrampage that she couldn't stop. Finally, when she ran out of tea, shencollapsed back onto the bamboo mat and slept the best she had in anlong time… Although it would have been a horrible night of twistingnand turning for any normal person sleeping in their own bed. Bloodncurling screams caused Anna to jump awake. She had managed to dreamnof nothing but darkness and only a few of the haunting faces; butnthey were still haunting, nonetheless. Her eyes widened fearfully;nshe didn't want to put up with the horrible, darkening sounds of thenworld; ever again. The worst part was that she recognized thenvoice entirely: Algren. Hisncries of terror echoed through Anna's entire body, and she began tonshake uncontrollably. Tears ran down her face as she whimpered fromnbeneath the blanket. She covered her ears but the horrid soundsnwouldn't stop… Anna didn't know what she would do if Algren diednand left her here alone. Although she hadn't seen him, she knew henwas somewhere within the same house; she had heard him a few timesnbefore. But she didn't know if she could take his death too. … Thennow consistent voices of Nobutada and, although any other person thisnage would be tumbling around, a remarkably balanced young boy ofnabout three or four poured through the now normally opened paper doornand into Anna's room. She moaned slightly and rolled over, the imagesnbefore her a blur for a moment or two before her eyes began tonfinally focus. The picture before her was a common one; of the youngnboy playing with Nobutada, but this seemed different somehow… Annansat up to study the two. Thenyoung boy was bouncing up and down on his toes, filling every emptynsecond with a question for the yellow samurai. Anna decided to listennto them; her past unknown amount of time in the town had been spentnworrying and thinking of the horrid possibilities that the endingncould be. The little boy's musical voice sung out once more. \" Nobu;nI wanna to go outside !\" The boy said excitedly, but Nobutadanshook his head disapprovingly. Anna could tell from the back of thenboy's small head that he was now frowning. Nobutadanused the same calm, disciplined voice that Anna had heard close tonevery moment she was awake now. \" I can't, I have to staynhere. Play with Higen .\" \" Why ?\"nThe little boy whined, hopping a few times to emphasize his word.nAnna couldn't help but giggle a tiny bit, causing Nobutada to look upnat her curiously. His gaze lingered on her, which scared her intonletting her hand fly over her mouth as if she had made a big mistake…nYet Nobutada ignored this and leaned back down to whisper somethingnin the boy's ear, who in turn shook his head fiercely. Nobutada gavenhim a slightly stern look and nudged him; and finally the boy begannto walk in the direction of Anna's room. \" Will …\"nThe boy paused, looking back at Nobutada and then back to Anna as ifnit would give him inspiration. \" Will you come outside andnplay with me? Please ?\" The boy asked, surprising both Annanand the stunned Nobutada. He would have never guessed that Magojironwould be so trusting… \" I-I'mnsorry, I can't .\" Anna replied slowly, giving a fearfulnglance towards Nobutada. Thensmall boy relayed this information to Nobutada, who shruggednslightly. \" I guess you can go with Higen then; I have to staynhere .\" Who was Higen? Thenboy turned back to Anna, his deep brown pools of eyes getting bignwith what could turn into tears. It struck a deep chord in her heart,neven if he was one of 'them'. Apparently she was the reason thatnNobutada wouldn't leave the house; unless if she went too… Why?nAfter being stuck in a room studying for years, her curiosity of thenworld got the best of her now. She stood up and sighed, her balance anlittle lost from not standing for lord knows how long. \" Inguess .\" Thenboy squealed with delight and scampered out the door, followed by anvery reluctant Anna. What could she be getting herself into? Well, ifnshe did want to escape this place, she needed to know what kind ofnholding she was in; how to plan the get-away. Yet, she continued tonwatch her back carefully; wary of the man she didn't know trailingnbehind her. … \" So…nWhat's your name ?\" Anna asked curiously, trekking up a hillnalongside the tiny boy beside her. The boy was carrying two largensticks shaped like katanas; a wooden sword, she guessed you couldncall it. Anna didn't plan on using one, but making conversationndidn't hurt. This boy was the only person she could bring herself tontalk somewhat normally to. Thenboy looked over his shoulder; although his line of sight was blockednby the two large weapons he was lumbering. \"Magojiro!\"nHe answered excitedly and proudly, as if it would win him anlarge prize by doing so. Nobutada smirked; when he was older Magojironwould be warned against such needless enthusiasm to a stranger; atnleast if Ujio were still alive by that time. \" What's yours ?\"nMagojiro returned, barely slowing himself down to keep up with her.nHe would jump and skip occasionally, to get the overwhelming energynout but still stay within a good walking distance. Nobutada couldn'tnhelp but think he was trusting people too easily… Or at least youngnwomen. \"Anna,\"nShe replied, too noticing how quickly this boy accepted her. Maybenshe could find some place of peace in this dark place… \"Anna?\"nMagojiro said crisply, and Anna nodded. He laughed with triumph, asnAnna was impressed with how he pronounced it so easily. She couldnhear the samurai behind her, on the other hand, struggling with thenword on his tongue as he tried a few times under his breath. \"Ana,\"nNobutada murdered, causing Anna to look back at him with anquestioning but barely cold look. The young man looked in deepnthought until he believed he had perfected it. \" Anna? Is thatnit ?\" Anna nodded; though she didn't speak to him. She'dnrather not talk to him; he was the one who had to bring her here,nwhether it was on orders or not. Magojironlet out a cry of enthusiasm as they reached the top of the hill,ndarting across the lush grass to meet some of the other children atnthe center. Anna looked after him nervously, not exactly wanting himnto leave. He had been the only thing keeping her from darting awaynherself… You couldn't exactly go crazy in front of a kid; what kindnof an example would that be? \" Don'tnbe afraid ,\" The samurai finally spoke, as he kept a watchfulneye on Magojiro wrestle playfully with some of the other children hisnsize, \" I can't hurt you; I have to protect you .\" \" Isnthat so ?\" Anna asked, working up the courage to finallynspeak to the man without skipping a beat. \" Inhave orders .\" \" Sonyou didn't choose to .\" \" Whynwould I ?\" The samurai hadn't exactly seemed eager ever sincenhe had to be around her in the first place… And frankly, Annandidn't really want to be around him either. Yet, she still relaxednsomewhat at the information that she had, to some extent, a bodynguard. Who apparently knew how to speak their mind. Anna liked a goodndebate or two, if it was with the right person with the right amountnof knowledge. Anna had a gut feeling that this man was not one ofnthem. \" What'snyour name then, yellow samurai ?\" Anna had kept track ofnevery samurai she came in contact with by armor color; although manynof them were wearing blue kimonos similar to what this one wasnwearing. \"Nobutada,\"nHe answered clearly and confidently, with a small smirk on his facenas he was called 'yellow samurai'. After a few moments he took hisneyes off of Magojiro to look at Anna. She stood there for a fewnminutes, forcing flooding memories of her childhood to the back ofnher mind. She couldn't think of that right now; especially afterneverything emotional… It would make her look weak if she brokendown; although she would probably collapse again if she did. \"Katsumoto.\"nShe merely stated, staring off into the distance in Magojiro'sndirection. \" What ?\" \" Yournleader, is that his name ?\" Anna repeated, her eyes back onnthe pretend games the little offspring were playing; probablynpretending they were emperor and knights or something along thosenlines. \" Mynfather? Yes, Katsumoto .\" Nobutada answered, and Anna wasnsurprised to hear those words leave his mouth. \" Yournfather ?\" \" Yes,nmy father… I own this village .\" He added, crossing hisnarms arrogantly. Anna couldn't tell if he was serious or not, so saidnnothing in response as not to offend him… But she did know thatnthis was quite a surprising factor added to her luck.[Chapter 6] Chapter 6 A/N:nThanks again for the reviews you guys! Your encouragement helps menwrite better than before… Especially when I've owed you an updatenfor about a month! I'm really sorry about that; I've been on a lot ofnvacations in the past month and none of them had the internet; exceptnfor one hotel and this one couple was always on. Anyways, moving onnfrom rude couples, I'm glad you guys haven't given up on me! Thatnmeans a lot ;). So, I should be moving on, right? … Goldennsunshine poured through the window and formed squares of light on thenwooden floor. One of these shapes crept towards the edge of Anna'sndress, moving from the slowly rising sun. Anna was wearing a bluenkimono, which would probably be comfortable if the whole idea wasn'tnso foreign to her. Yet, anything was luxurious compared to thensoldiers' uniform she used to wear. She had actually begun to sleepnsoundly for a few hours straight, and it was the first time in a longntime she had been able to do so. But she couldn't help but wring hernhands worriedly every time she peered through the crack and intonAlgren's room. Asnfar as she knew, he hadn't awakened yet. Well, to where he wasnactually functioning on a normal level. Not that being held captivenin a completely strange village was normal; but from what Annanunderstood from bits of Taka and Nobutada's conversations, Algrennhadn't staid conscious for more than five or ten minutes. She hopednhe would be alright… If he died, her chances of escaping quicklynwere instantly slimmed. Not to mention that he was the only personnhere that she trusted. But she seemed to be handling it alright sonfar. Throughnall of this, Anna didn't notice that there was a new visitor to thenhome. He had called Nobutada's name a few times from outside; butnwhen he rendered no response, he didn't stop himself from slidingnopen the front door and stepping in himself. Nobutada himself hadnbeen leaning contentedly against the wall, both hands resting inntheir opposite sleeves. He had been dozing until his senses caughtnthe door opening, where his eyes opened quickly and he became alert. \" Nobutada ,\"nUjio barked to him, slightly angry that he had been ignored when thenyoung man had only been a few feet from the door. The elder samuraingestured for Nobutada to come and speak to him, and the youngernkicked off the wall in reply. He approached the hot headed manncuriously, having an idea of what he might say: something about thenwesterners, no doubt. He was right; in a way. \" Katsumotonwould like to see the girl.. He says she will be of help to us. \"nUjio explained, taking a quick glance over the living area that wasnwithin view. By this time Anna had heard a few words, and hadnappeared at the end of the hall to see what was going on. Ujio's eyesnhardened and turned cold the moment he saw her, turning promptly andnwalking through the still opened door. He had been sent to deliver anmessage, and that was what he had done. He wasn't going to waste hisntime with some foolish girl when he could be training. Nobutadanturned and approached Anna, a peaceful expression on his facenalthough he had witnessed the quick but tensioned moment between hernand Ujio. And even though he could tell she had heard thenconversation, he continued to inform her as if Ujio spoke ancompletely different form of Japanese. \" My father would likento speak to you ,\" He told her, as she eyed him warily. Shenreally didn't want to go right now; especially now that she knew hownone of the older samurai felt about her. Would she be safenwith Nobutada? Then again, would his father assign him to her if shenwouldn't? But then again, it may have been political… She onlynwanted to go to the hill, where the children played. She guessed thatnsomewhere deep down in her she believed that they could be differentnwhen they're adults. Not murders, but they might actually donsomething in life. Nobutada gave her a similar look. \" Today;nnot next lifetime .\" … Thenbeautiful landscape was framed by a sky of grey clouds. Anna's paceninvoluntarily quickened, and hurried the calm and collected Nobutada.nHis gait was leisurely, giving the world around him an occasionalnglance with a hint of admiration. He had lived here most of his life,nand he never lost his love for it; or took it for granted. Annanwasn't one to hate the rain; but she didn't feel like gettingndrenched with the unfamiliar rain at the moment. This rain madenthings so cold and distant, more so than usual. And those cloudsnoverhead kept getting more and more ominous looking… But Nobutadandidn't seem to notice at all. Nobutadanonly accelerated his steps slightly, as he led her down paths thatnwound around the village. It was relatively close to the small town,nand between the various wooden houses, she could see fleeting imagesnof the inside workings of the village. Deep evergreen colored treesnlined the other side of the path, with a few young trees peeking upnbetween the path and the houses. Stunning flowery blooms were slowlynstarting to fall to the ground, littering the forest floor besidenthem with pastel petals. Anna now understood why Nobutada looked atnthem so proudly every now and then. The scenery was a gorgeous masknto the true intentions of these people. Or at least what Anna believed were the true intentions. Whatnfelt like mere seconds later, the two had come upon a decently sizednshrine. It overlooked a spacey and mysterious-persona field, whichnwas sprinkled with wildflowers and blew gently in the soft breeze.nNobutada continued up the delicately carved steps without hesitation,nleaving Anna to follow him slowly and cautiously; as if their rolesnhad suddenly been switched from a few moments before. He stopped atnthe door and turned to look at her, waiting patiently for her toncatch up with him once more before he continued inside. Theninside of the temple was the most striking feature of all. Althoughnthe outside may be intimidating; the inside was nothing less thannspeech taking. She had seen pictures of others, of course, butnnothing compared to how it felt in person. Gold seemed to sparkleneverywhere, although it had only been used in small amounts and wasnspread throughout the room. Anna was not a Buddhist, or Taoist, ornanything else that might be native in this area… But she couldnalready feel a strong connection of spirituality that lingerednthickly in the atmosphere. Nobutadanled her to the center of the shrine, before what Anna assumed was angolden Buddha. Katsumoto was kneeling on the floor, obviously veryndeep in thought. He was muttering faithful prayers to the gods henbelieved in. As soon as he was finished moments later, Nobutada gavenhim a respectful bow. Apparently he understood the mumbling under hisnfather's breath. Anna didn't mirror this but merely observed; tryingnto absorb everything her senses were telling her. Katsumotonbowed his head gratefully to the two, patiently ignoring the factnthat Anna didn't honor him with a bow of respect in return. Shendidn't know any better; but yet, she claimed to know all thisnJapanese… These westerners were so strange. He stood, his starenpowerful and commanding the complete attention of the two. With ansmall and soft nod Katsumoto welcomed Anna. \"Hasnyou stay been enjoyable ?\" Katsumoto spoke to her as if shenwere a valued guest at a hotel. This fact upset her slightly; she wasnsure that he did such a thing on purpose: as if teasing her for beingncaptive. In reality, he wasn't. \" Inhave been in better situations .\" Anna replied in a drynmanner, crossing her arms across her chest in a subconsciousndefensive manner. She wasn't going to be talked down to and mocked asnif she were some kind of worthless being; at least, until weaponsnbecame involved. Nobutada gave her a warning look, as if telling hernto be careful of her limits. Katsumotonmerely chuckled at her response. \" I'm sure you have. I hopenyou become comfortable here soon; the passes have frozen and you willnbe here until spring. \" He notified her, and there was a ringnin his voice as though he would be glad she would be stuck in thisnplace for so long. Anna's heart sank at the news. What were theynplanning to do with her to keep her here? \" But that isnbusiness for another time. Tell me, fair girl, what is your name ?\"nKatsumoto was speaking so… politely . Anna paused beforenanswering him. \" Mynname is Anna Harper. I am the translator for Nathan Algren, the othernman- \" Anna didn't mention that they were being held captive.nFor one, Katsumoto already knew the situation. And if she did saynsuch a thing, she wasn't really in the mood to be outnumbered by anhandful of angry samurai. A quarter of a samurai could outnumber her;nand she knew it. She would have to tread carefully here. Although itnwas the truth, Anna wasn't about to risk her life on a singlenimmature statement to prove how brave she was. \"AnnanHarper…\" Katsumoto, like Nobutada, had some trouble learningnto say her name. He repeated it quietly to himself twice, beforentrying on Algren's on his tongue. He muttered the man's name andnturned his attention back to the girl in front of him. \"It'snnice to meet you.\" He spoke in somewhat broken English, but thensound still caused hairs to stand on the back of Anna's neck. How didnhe know? \"My name is Katsumoto.\" \"You…nSpeak English.\" Anna said aloud, still shocked at the fact. Hownwas she supposed to communicate with Algren now; without them knowingnwhat they were saying? It had been her whole plan to speak to him innEnglish so they would have an element of surprise, however theyndecided to escape. Obviously the tables had been turned. An amusednsmirk crossed Nobutada's face, slightly entertained at hernexpression. \"Yes,nsome.\" Katsumoto replied with a nod, proud that she had beennable to understand what he had been telling her. \"But it's notnperfect. I need the teachings of someone experienced .\" Henexplained, as Anna eyed him curiously. There was a moment where thenwheels in her head turned, trying to comprehend what he had said. Thensudden transition of English to Japanese in the middle of a sentencenstumped her for a moment, but she was quickly back on track. She didnhave a feeling as to what direction this was going in… \" Younhave much experience with English, am I correct ?\" He soundednas if he was speaking to himself his own train of thought. Therenwas another moment of silence as Anna reluctantly answered. \" Yes …\" \" Thennyou wouldn't mind teaching me your language ?\" Katsumoto hadnasked a question he already knew the answer to. Anna noddednhesitantly. What more could she do? The fear of punishment for sayingnno was enough… And he probably knew that she felt this way.nKatsumoto bowed his head to her briefly before continuing. \" Inhave important business to attend to ,\" He informed them, andnthe relieving thoughts that she might actually be able to leave thentemple flooded Anna's mind. \"Thank you.\" He said innEnglish, as Nobutada bowed to him from the waist. Anna copied this tonsome extent, but was quickly returning to her full height in a matternof a few seconds. … Thenwooden steps outside the temple seemed to have doubled in size sincenthe time they had seen them last. Anna had some trouble followingnNobutada, who glided down them in ease. She had been having troublenwalking in these Japanese sandals on flat ground; much less down fournfoot high stairs. She ended up pulling up the edge of her kimono sonshe could see her feet, concentrating hard and knitting her eyebrows.nNobutada stopped at the bottom of the stairs to wait on her, not withna scowl on his face like she had expected; but rather an entertainednexpression. Their eyes only met for a moment before she turned hernattention back to the village ahead of her. He was intimidating,nNobutada; and it didn't even feel like he was trying. Afterna few paces, Nobutada looked back to her. His eyes trailed over tonthe village, where she was clearly struggling to focus her attentionnon. His own gaze moved to the busy happenings of the streets, andnthen back to the fair haired girl's intrigued look. It shouldn't hurtnanything… \" Do you want to go ?\" He asked, receivingna confused look from the girl. He gestured to the dirt roads in thentown that were not that far from their path. \" Inside thenvillage, would you like to see it ?\" Annanturned back to the small stream of people who walked on the main roadnthrough the village. It sure was interesting, and she would like tonsee it… But there were samurai in there, and what if she camenacross that black samurai again? This Ujio ? He had been thenmost frightening of all to Anna; without any mercy or compassion atnall for anyone. But then again, Nobutada had to protect her, whethernor not he chose to. \" I… guess. \" She answerednfinally, causing a pleased smile to cross Nobutada's features. Good,nit is a great place .\" He merely explained, wasting no timenon foolish hesitation as he promptly turned and strolled between twonwooden establishments and towards the busy area. … Theninside of the village was more fascinating than Anna had expected.nThen again, everything in this place seemed to be so different andnbreath taking. Well, most of the things. It was as if it were its ownnlittle world; untouched by anything else on the Earth. It couldn'tncompare to any other experience that Anna had, or anything she hadnseen. It was amazing. Peoplenof all ages were lingering about, shopping with large woven basketsnor just out for a walk. Every person had something set on their mind;na goal for the day and their lives. It was mind blowing howndetermined some of them were. They seemed so disciplined; the blacknsmiths who sat outside their houses and pounded swords and arrows ornthe men who sat on their porches and carved out furniture that wouldnone day be for sale. Anna's eyes were wide and accepting toneverything detail she could soak in. Thisnof course, continued until the village actually noticed her. It wasnsuddenly silent, except for the gasping of some women. The whispersnweren't what bothered Anna; it was the silence that stung the worst.nThe cold stare that the men and some of the civilians gave her; onenof sheer hate. Some of them looked at her in fear, shutting theirndoors and closing their windows so there was no possible way shencould see inside. Mother's hid their children, scooping them up andnhurrying them to safety. The looks she received made her nauseous, annawkward feeling creeping through her. Shenwasn't worth anything. She was a monster to these people; and thosenwho didn't think this thought she was scum. She didn't deserve to setnfoot a mile within the village, much less speak to their extremelynrespected leader. So what was she doing here, with Nobutada-sama? Thenimportant head of their village? She wasn't worthy, and Anna couldnfeel every inch of these thoughts as their eyes bore into her;nwhether it was from their porch or through a crack in their wall. \"Nobutada…\"nWhen there came no reply to her soft words, she tugged on his sleevengently. She didn't want to touch him; she didn't know him and franklyndidn't exactly like him either. But he was her only way out of herenat the present; and she didn't know how long she would be able tonlast in these conditions. He looked down at her curiously in return,nraising an eyebrow. \" Take me home .\" \" What?nWhy ?\" Nobutada looked around him, noticing a few icy glaresnin their direction. He tried to ignore them, but they continued tonworry Anna. And he could tell; it was hard to ignore a trembling girlnbeside of you. \" Please ?\" Theynwere back at Anna's 'home' in a matter of a few minutes. … A/N:nOnce again; sorry for the delay! I'm going to be a lot more activennow, so don't worry, kay? I appreciate all the reviews! ","Summary":" Chapter 1 Indon't own any of this- except for Anna of course! Thanks fornstarting to read this, and"},{"Movie":"Silver Linings Playbook","Title":"The Silver Linings Playbook -Not the end","Author":"Andrea.Cherrypie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9173735","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Hello dear readers! This is the first fanfic that I've actually had the guts to upload simply because it sucks less than the others. It's based on the Silver Linings Playbook, but it as it says on the synopsis it follows the book rather than the movie. However, there are few details that I have kept from the movie simply because I couldn't remember how it was plotted on the book. These include: the colour of Tiffany's eyes (which I describe as green because I pictured Jennifer Lawrence when I read the book) and the fact that Pat sleeps on the attic, which I'm sure only happens in the movie. Written from Pat's perspective, I hope I have made justice to Matthew Quick's way of writing and Pat's way of speaking. However, one last thing I would like to point out is the fact that English is my second language, and I can't promise everything will be perfect. Anyway, hope you enjoy! THE FIRST GENUINE SMILE I HAVE SEEN ON HER SINCE A VERY LONG TIME. February, 7, 2007. When we arrive home I pull Tiffany closer to me and knock on my parent's door. Mom opens and her face immediately turns toward Tiffany, her eyes lock on our interlaced fingers. I know what Mom must be thinking because she knows that I don't like to be touched by anyone except Nikki; but she doesn't know that that was in the past when I was living my own movie, and that now I am no longer living one because my old movie finished and now I am simply trying to live life as it happens. Mom grins and covers her mouth with the hand that is not holding the door open and I know she is about to say something because that is the face she pulls when she's about to make a comment on how glad she is about something, but I cut her off before she can say anything because that would embarrass both Tiffany and me, and I don't want that after the hard time I had trying to convince her to come home. \"Can we come in? It's freezing out here.\" I say. Mother opens the door completely and lets us in without saying anything. I catch her eye and I shake my head slightly to let her know that I know what she is thinking but would prefer she didn't said anything, and she nods back at me. \"Do you want to have something to drink, Tiffany?\" Mom asks her. Tiffany replies that she is fine thank you very much, but Mom insists. \"Are you sure? I have hot chocolate in the kitchen, it's already prepared. It will warm you up with this weather outside\" \"I'm fine\" Tiffany replies again, this time a little less politely. \"I'll have one\" I tell her instead because I really want hot chocolate. Mom disappears into the kitchen and that's when I notice Tiffany is trembling. \"You're shaking\" I whisper into her ear. \"I'm fine\" she repeats. I first put my skywatcher's cloud chart onto the counter and then take off my jacket and put it around her shoulders. I can hear my dad in the living room watching TV –probably some football match- so I decide it's best if I don't take Tiffany in there. \"Wanna come and see my gym?\" I ask her. When she doesn't reply I grab her hand and take her to the basement. She looks around indifferently and still says nothing. I don't understand why she is behaving this way so I sort of just start moving around until I decide I'm going to give Tiffany a little tour around my humble gym. \"This is the Stomach Master 600, I was dreaming about it for months when I was at the bad place and I was really happy when I saw that Mom had bought it for me. It's great, you wanna try?\" I tell her. She shakes her head and looks away. \"Okay, so this is the weight bench and I almost drove Mom crazy with when I was asking for it,\" I continue with my tour, because I really don't know what else to do. \"She had promised me she would buy it so many times but every time I asked about it she would change the subject and that's how I knew that she still hadn't got it yet because—\" \"Earlier in the field, when you asked me if I wanted to come to your house because it was really cold out there, you know why I was so reluctant to come?\" Tiffany interrupts me. It takes me a few seconds to process the information because I didn't expect Tiffany to say anything. I recall what happened in the field and remember seeing Tiffany turn her head when I mentioned about coming to my house, and then saying that it was best if she went home because her parents would be worried. \"Your family still hasn't forgiven me for lying to you, Pat. That's why. Your mom told me herself not long ago. Your brother is never going to forgive me, and probably neither is your dad or your therapist or my sister's husband or any of your football friends because everybody fucking hates me and I think it's best if I just stay the fuck away from them before I can upset them more and—\" \"Hey,\" I say. I walk over to her, grab both her hands and stare directly into her deep green eyes. Before my old movie ended this would have been very awkward for me, because I'm not used to looking directly into any other women's eyes apart from Nikki's, but now the gesture comes naturally and I don't feel awkward at all holding both of Tiffany's hands. What's more, it fills my face with warmth, and that's what's awkward. \"Listen,\" I say. \"My brother doesn't hate you. Neither does my therapist and I'm sure not even my father. I don't know what Mom has told you because I am not her girlfriend and she doesn't talk like that to me, but I can tell you that whatever she said she didn't mean it, and that she has forgiven you already because I have seen the look she had on her face just now. And if Mom has forgiven you then Jake has most likely has forgiven you too and dad will eventually follow.\" \"Pat you don't know the things they said to me, you don't know how they made me feel and what they made me believe, you don't—\" Tiffany says before she starts crying again. This time I know what to do. This time I don't pull away because I have learnt that when Tiffany cries it's because she's seriously hurt and just needs someone to tell her that everything will be alright. So I take her in my arms and that's exactly what I do. \"Shh,\" I say. My voice is almost inaudible. \"It's okay Tiff, don't blame yourself any longer. It's not worth it. That is in the past and belongs to the old movie, remember? And I already rolled the credits of it so there is no use living in there now.\" I realize I am stroking her hair as I speak, but I keep doing that because it feels so nice to touch her silky black hair. Tiffany holds me tighter and rests her head on my right shoulder as she continues crying. \"No one in my family hates you, okay? They hate Nikki. As far as I know you don't have a restraining order against me, right?\" It feels weird admitting to Tiffany that my family hates Nikki, and it feels even weirder to know that I don't hold it against them anymore, but I guess that's what happens when a movie ends: you don't have the feelings that you did before, because the movie is already over and you know how it ends so you lose all passion. Tiffany stops crying for a moment, looks up at me, and smiles. The first genuine smile I have seen on her since a very long time. But tears quickly cover her face again and before I know it I am holding her body against mine. Knowing that she allows me to do this feels good. Suddenly somewhere between the hot tears and the hand holding and hair strokes someone shouts from upstairs and Tiffany pulls away. Mom is calling us to have our hot chocolates –because I know that she probably has prepared Tiffany's as well as mine even though Tiffany said she didn't want one— so Tiffany cleans her face with her sleeve trying to remove all evidence of her crying, and takes a deep breath before she looks into my eyes. I wink at her, take her hand and go upstairs. Mom is waiting for us in the Kitchen. Just as I suspected there are two steamy mugs of hot chocolate waiting for us at the kitchen table, alongside some homemade cookies and tarts. \"Thank you\" Tiffany says when she sees that there is a mug for her. We sit down and drink our chocolate while my mother watches. \"Mom what is dad doing?\" I ask. \"He's watching football\" She answers. All Mom does is smile and she is embarrassing me so I say \"Mom you don't need to smile so much\" and she stands up and says \"I'll leave you two alone\" and then leaves the kitchen. Tiffany actually finishes her chocolate quicker than me, which makes me think that she wanted to have one on the first place and also how glad I am that Mom actually served a mug for her. When I finish I copy her and stare out of the window. It is actually heavily snowing now so I worry that Tiffany will have a rough time getting home because I know that Mom won't drive in the snowstorm and I can't drive either because I am on medication and it would be illegal for me. So I think about Tiffany getting home whilst she plays with her empty mug and eats a ginger biscuit. And then this idea comes into my mind. \"You can stay here for the night if you want.\" I say. Tiffany looks at me; clearly I have surprised her with my question. \"It's crazy out there and something bad could happen to you and Mom hates driving in the middle of a snowstorm and I can't drive 'cause I'm on meds and I don't want anything bad to happen to you. So, do you want to?\" I ask again because, it sounds strange, but I really want her to stay. She stares at me for at least two minutes until she speaks again. \"Where would I sleep?\" she asks. I am sort of surprised because I was waiting something like 'that would be very nice thank you' or 'I would love to stay here' yet she asks me where will she sleep tonight. \"In my bed of course\" I say. Where else did she think she would be sleeping? \"In your bedroom?\" \"Yeah.\" \"In the attic?\" \"Yeah.\" She looks at me for a moment with a thoughtful face. \"Where would you sleep?\" She asks. \"I've got a sleeping bag.\" \"You've got a sleeping bag?\" \"Yeah I do.\" \"Why do you have a sleeping bag?\" I hesitate for a moment before answering. I'm not too sure of how she is going to react to Nikki's name being mentioned again. \"To sweat.\" This time she looks at me doubtfully. I sigh and tell her the whole story. \"Nikki likes a man with a developed upper body,\" I repeat the exact words I told Mom what seems like ages ago. \"I used to sleep in the sleeping bag to sweat more at night. Sweating makes you lose weight which leads to having a fit body which leads to having a better chance of getting Nikki back.\" Tiffany clenches her hands into fists and goes back to looking out of the window. I know I have upset her by mentioning Nikki's name and I don't like that because I don't want to upset Tiffany, but I don't know what else to say so I just stay quiet. After a while Tiffany just stands up and walks towards the doorway. I am confused because I didn't expect her to respond like this so it takes me a couple of seconds to react but soon I am on my feet making my way towards her. \"Tiffany!\" I say a little too loudly. \"Tiffany. Hey Tiffany wait, don't go.\" She stops right in front of the front door. \"What the fuck do you want?\" \"Why are you leaving?\" \"Well obviously you don't want me here; you just want your whore of an ex-wife back so I think it's best if I go now!\" She snaps. Normally, when people insult Nikki I insult them back, but oddly I don't get irritated by Tiffany's comment or feel the need to snap back anymore. \"Who says I want my ex-wife back?\" I ask. I am confused. \"You just clearly pointed that out just there, no? ' which means to lose weight which means having a better chance at getting Nikki back'\" she mimics me. \"If you want your Nikki back I'll be leaving now before I get more of this bullshit.\" She takes the door handle and opens the door. A cold breeze enters the house. \"Tiffany!\" I grab her wrist a little too brusquely. \"I didn't mean that, I'm sorry I didn't make myself clear. I don't want Nikki back, that's old movie, that's old movie! You asked why I have a sleeping bag and I told you: to lose weight so that I could get Nikki back, but that was before. Old movie, okay? I don't use my sleeping bag anymore, I don't need to, but I can use it today if you want to stay over because I will give you my bed if you do stay.\" When she doesn't answer I take her hand off the handle and close the door. I am shivering. \"It's cold out there.\" I say. \"I'm going home.\" She says. \"What?\" I am surprised because I thought she would stay. It's icy cold outside. \"I'm going home Pat, I don't have any spare wear and I could be stuck in here forever\" \"I'll walk you home.\" I say. My fingers are numb when we arrive at Tiffany's house. I figure hers must be the same but I don't know that because I am not holding her hand, yet she hasn't complained not even once since we left my house. As soon as we reach her doorway she hurries up her pace and walks to the entrance. I want to shout out her name but I don't know what's with her today so I just stay silent. I watch as she pulls out the key from her bag and then opens the door. I think she is going to leave without saying goodbye when she suddenly turns around and looks at me from over her shoulder. Her face has the same look it had around the first months of meeting Tiffany, until later when told me she was scouting me. So I think she is scouting me again because she has that same look. After some thirty seconds or so she simply turns away, enters the house and closes the door behind her, without a goodbye or anything. It doesn't annoy me, I am used to this from the many times she has done it before, but it confuses me because I was expecting her to react a bit more warmly as it was just earlier today when she told me she needed me. I stand paralysed for some good two minutes before I make way my way back home. I think about how weird women sometimes are and how I wish Tiffany had stayed in my house and how cold I am and just how difficult and messed up everything is and I want more hot chocolate and want to get home now. Because it's cold. I am cold. I want to be home. I want hot chocolate. I have upset her. It's cold. The snow. Hot chocolate. I want to hug her. My fingers are numb. I want hot chocolate. I want her with me. It's cold. I can barely move. Hot steamy chocolate. The snow. I want her. It's cold. The snow. My fingers. I want her It's cold. The snow. My fingers. Tiffany. Chocolate It's cold. Tiffany. The snow. It's cold. Tiffany. Tiffany. I need her. It hits me unexpectedly. I don't want hot chocolate. I don't want to be home. I don't want to be warm. Not as long as I'm alone. I want Tiffany. I need Tiffany. I don't think I need her. I know I need her. I want to be with her, I want to hold her in my arms, I want to caress her cheek and leave her face free of tears. I want to stroke her hair again because she allows me to do this and it feels nice. I want her . I can hardly move my fingers as I open my house door. I go inside and close the door behind me. When I turn I see Mom looking at me. \"Where's Tiffany?\" she asks me. \"I walked her home.\" \"In this weather? And where is your jacket? Why aren't you wearing one?\" \"I gave it to Tiffany because she didn't have one and she was shivering\" \"Why didn't you take another one?\" she raises her voice. \"You're going to catch something, like some sort of cold or weird virus! Jesus Pat, don't do that especially in this weather!\" \"It's okay Mom, I'm fine.\" I insist. \"Come let me have a look at you, I'll prepare some more chocolate. You need it now.\" \"Mom, I fine.\" I repeat. It is true that I feel a bit dizzy and I've probably caught a cold like Mom says, but I also feel empty and definitely not in the mood for hot chocolate. I just want to lie on my bed under the covers and put my mind at rest because I need to digest everything that's happened today. It stills feels a bit surreal. Mom looks at me worryingly but I don't feel like discussing anything with her either, so I simply turn and go up the stairs directly into my room.[Chapter 2] A/N: Hey guys! So for all of you who have not read the book I will briefly give you a summary of how things are right now in Pat's life. Tiffany wrote a lot of letters to Pat pretending to be Nikki but eventually confessed. Jake (Pat's bro) is married to Caitlin and currently hates Tiffany for lying to Pat. Pat was attacked on the streets (potentially for swearing to God) and broke his leg. Nikki remarried and now lives in Maryland with her husband Philip (the guy you saw Pat beat up in the movie) and their kids. Now this is all really brief but I hope it helps you to understand this chapter and maybe even the last one. Oh and btw, Kenny G. is the saxophonist that composed the famous Pat wedding song. Enjoy! HOW GOOD AND HOW RIGHT THIS FEELS. February 10, 2007 The next couple of days are a blur. I don't feel the need of waking up so early in the morning to do some weight lifting, but I do keep my running routine and so does Tiffany. We run every morning like we used to: none of us saying a word. But since my leg is weakened from the accident we only run five miles instead of the ten we used to run before. She's okay with it, running only five miles. She doesn't question me or complain about the reduced amount of miles. She simply goes along with it, meeting me every morning in front of my house and running by my side the whole way. It's not until we had ran a couple of miles the first day when I realized how much I like this, running with Tiffany, how much I've missed it and how much I don't ever want it to end. Because I don't want Tiffany to leave me nor do I want to leave her either. And now that I know I need her it just adds one more thing to the list of reasons why I should never stop running with her, even if it's just for five miles. So I still wake up at six am and run, but now when I run I have this weird urges that make me want to take Tiffany into my arms and kiss her forehead or put my arm around her like I did when we were both on the field or something of the sort. The third day we run I see the jacket I lent to Tiffany on the floor in front of my house door. I pick it up, put it on and run with it. I am no longer wearing a garbage bag. Tiffany meets me when I run by her house and then we both run our usual five miles. But this time when we're almost finished I decide I want to go to Knight's Park and Tiffany follows me. I lead her deeper into the park and sit down on a bench near the big fountain where little kids usually play in the summer when it's hot. It is empty now. Tiffany sits next to me and we both stare at the fountain without saying a word. After some ten minutes I start to feel uncomfortable. Something is bugging me though I do not know what. First I think it's the cold and that I should probably head home, but when I rub my hands together I notice that these are not cold at all. Then I think it's because I am restless and just need to stand up and return to running again, but when I actually decide to stand up, I realize that I don't want to keep on running. I've run enough for today. So I shift position over and over again not knowing what to do to shake off this uneasy feeling of emptiness. It is the same feeling I had on Sunday evening when I came back from walking Tiffany home. The same feeling that stayed with me all throughout the night and the one I still woke to this morning. I am looking at my hands when abruptly these close on themselves as if holding onto something invisible. I look at Tiffany, she is staring at the grass, and then I get this weird impulse of putting my arms around her, just to hold her and tell her that everything will be alright even though I do not know myself what is everything and if it will be alright or not. I just know I need to hold Tiffany like I held her in my basement and on the soccer field. I am having an internal fight on whether I should take Tiffany in my arms or not when all of a sudden she is looking at me intensely. She says nothing but I know what she is thinking so I stretch my arm and before I know it she is in my arms with her face buried in my chest and her arms tightly tied around my torso. I put both my arms around her body and kiss her scalp a couple of times. And then I think of how good and how right this feels. It is bizarre but slowly I am becoming so much more detached of Nikki and now the woman my arms crave is not longer my ex wife. It is Tiffany. However, just when I think that we will be like this for at least one hour, Tiffany stands up and runs back to the main road. \"Hey! Tiffany!\" I shout. Rapidly I am on my feet running after her but she already has a head start over me so as much as I try I cannot catch up on her. I follow her from a distance and once we're back on the neighborhood see how she runs straight back to her house and then closes the door behind her. I slowly walk up to her entrance and bang the door a couple of times at the same time as I shout out her name loud enough for the whole neighborhood to hear. But despite all my efforts Tiffany's door remains shut. \"What's your goddamn problem!?\" I say as I bang my fist against her door one last time before finally giving in. I am angry at Tiffany for abandoning me like this and for saying that she needs me and then making a demonstration of how much she doesn't. This is fucked up. I need some time for myself; I need to sort out my feelings and to come to terms with my emotions towards Tiffany. So initiate the run towards my house without looking back not even once. In the cloud room I have chosen the brown seat because I am not feeling as depressed as I have before, but the more I think about what happened between Tiffany and me the more I think I should have chosen the black couch instead. Ever since she so mysteriously disappeared on Wednesday she hasn't showed up to our running routine and I haven't seen her around nor was she with Veronica when I stopped by her house to say hi to my best friend Ronnie. \"Is everything alright, Pat? You seem distant\" Cliff asks me with his Indian accent. \"I don't know\" I reply, with all honesty. \"Tell me what is happening.\" \"I can't doc\" I say. \"You know better than to call me doc. But I can see that something bad has happened because you don't normally address me as your doctor. Tell me Pat. I am listening.\" \"I can't, Cliff.\" I repeat, using his name this time. \"Why not?\" He asks. \"Because I don't know what's happening.\" \"What do you mean?\" \"I don't know what's happening, Cliff. Everything is fucked up and I cannot longer make sense of it.\" \"Your mother has told me you have been seeing Tiffany. Is this what you probably are confused about?\" \"Well…\" I think for a moment before speaking. I don't know if Cliff's opinion will still be biased or not, but I decide to give it a shot. \"Yes. I don't know what's happening between us.\" \"Are you still in love with Nikki?\" His question takes me for surprise. I actually take a few seconds before answering. I was not expecting this let alone from Cliff. \"No… I think.\" I reply. \"You think?\" \"I mean, no.\" I quickly amend my response. \"I am not in love with her anymore. I am sure. That's old movie.\" \"Old movie? Please, explain.\" Cliff sits back on the black couch and looks at me expectantly. I remember I haven't told anyone but Tiffany about the difference between old movie and new movie, so I explain to Cliff. When I finish I notice his face has not changed. \"So, let me get this straight. The simple sight of a happy Nikki with her new husband and their children makes you… happy. Am I right? And that was enough for you to move on and roll the credits of your old so-called movie. Correct?\" He asks me. \"Yes.\" I reply. \"You do know what you did there is illegal, right? And is enough evidence for me to increase your medication dose. Am I wrong?\" \"No Cliff, you are not.\" \"But you seem very relaxed about it.\" I sigh. \"I knew it was dangerous and illegal, but I don't regret it because if I hadn't gone to see her I would not have been able to move on and start living my new life, like I am now.\" \"If you had not gone to see her you wouldn't have realized that you don't love her anymore.\" Cliff says, not as a question but as a statement. I hesitate before answering but finally reply \"Yes. You are right.\" Some uncomfortable minutes pass in which Cliff looks at me with a piercing look and says nothing and does nothing else apart from to look at me. At last I cannot stand it anymore and ask him \"You won't increase my medication dose, right Cliff?\" and he replies \"No, I won't.\" And with that he stops looking at me and focuses his vision on his hands. \"Tell me about Tiffany then. What is it that's bothering you.\" He says, casually. I feel so much more relaxed now knowing that whatever happens my meds won't change so I open up entirely to Cliff. \"She's acting weird, Cliff. I don't understand. On Sunday, I decided to meet her at a soccer field and she came. In there she told me, and I quote, 'I need you, Pat Peoples.' And then kissed my neck as she cried. And yes I told her I needed her too, but I didn't realize how true that was until later on. But you know what happened in between? We were at my house when I casually mentioned that she could stay over because there was a fucking snowstorm outside, and then she suddenly says she needs to go, so I walk her home and on my way back it hits me that I need Tiffany. So we retake our running routine and on Wednesday when we're at the park both sitting on a bench, she hugs me tightly and I think, 'hey this feels great you know? I want to stay like this for at least one hour.' But you know what she does next? She stands up and runs back to her house at full speed. And I haven't seen her since. So how do explain all that, huh? The way I see it is that she's got some serious problems and maybe she just wants to play around with me, because one minute she's all sweet and loving and the next she treats me like I'm a fucking stranger. I mean is that even normal?\" I stop talking and refill my lungs with the oxygen that I've used talking too fast to Cliff. He looks at me thoughtfully for at least some good five minutes before finally saying something. \"Have you tried talking with her about this?\" He asks. \"Talking to her? Hello! She's the one that won't even answer her door! How do you expect me to talk with her about anything if she doesn't even let me see her? Do you want me to shout it out from one side of the door?\" I am annoyed with Cliff because I thought he would understand why I haven't done anything so far about Tiffany's behavior. \"You have to be persistent. Maybe after the fiftieth time that you knock on her door she will actually open and then you can talk with her.\" \"What?\" I ask, confused. The idea looks crazy and impossible, not the average thing a therapist would say to their mind-fucked patients. \"Okay so let's say she opens the door. What am I going to talk with her about?\" \"Well, maybe there is something she'd like you to know.\" I stare blankly at Cliff. Something she wants me to know? What is this rubbish and why is Cliff saying it like he already knows what it is? I don't like it. I don't like it at all. My breathing gets heavier and my chest starts to increase and decrease very rapidly. I can feel myself about to snap but I don't want that to happen because it has been so long since I last lost it so instead I close my eyes and silently count to ten like I used to do before when someone mentioned Kenny G. When I don't feel the need to explode anymore I open my eyes and face my therapist. \"I don't understand what you mean, Cliff.\" I tell him. \"Talk to her, Pat.\" He says, before he signals to the clock and makes me realize our time together is up. The next time I wake up I remain in my bed for another good two hours before ultimately getting up. It's Saturday. Normally I would go down to the living room to watch some football but now the season it's over and I don't feel like watching any other sport so I decide to do some weight lifting instead. I go down to the basement ignoring the questioning calls of Mom and start my old routine with the Stomach Master 6000. It is eight o'clock in the morning, past my running time with Tiffany, but given the behavior she's shown during these last few days I don't feel any worse by not running so early. Now don't get me wrong, I am still going to run because I don't want to regain the weight I lost during apart time, especially since Mom has been cooking this delicious crabby snacks on an almost daily basis –which, by the way, leads me to think she is happy for some reason— but perhaps I will run later on or maybe even in the evening right before dinner so that I can have some relaxing in the meantime. Once I finish trying out all the exercise equipment I do some push ups until my back rebels with that stabbing feeling and my arms feel full of burns and about to give in. I think this will be enough for today if we include the five miles that I will run later. I sit up on the floor and stare blankly at my weight bench. Something is not right. Suddenly the image of Tiffany in her running clothes pops into my mind and I cannot shake it off. As much as I try to erase it she is still there, with her pink running shoes and her blue t-shirt, waiting for me to come out and run with her. And then it gets creepier as my therapist's voice echoes in my head and it starts to fill my thoughts until I cannot longer think about anything else. \" Talk to her, Pat.\" The voice says. \"There is something she'd like you to know. Talk to her. You have to be persistent. She will open the door. Talk to her. There is something she'd like you to know.\" At last I cannot stand it anymore, get up and go out of the basement straight outside. Unlike in my vision of Tiffany, she is not in front of my house waiting for me to come and run with her. I am confused and annoyed with myself and with Cliff for saying such obscure words but I know I must do something so I decide to run all the way to Tiffany's house. At first I think I am being stupid by coming here because clearly there is no one inside, but then I see the almost invisible light coming from the second floor and that's when I start hitting my hands against the door. \"Tiffany!\" I shout. \"Tiffany I know you're in there, please come outside or let me in.\" Nothing happens. \"Tiffany, please, I need to talk with you, please open the door.\" Again, nothing. I hear some movement inside, someone is clearly in and listening to what I'm saying. And that's when I lose it. \"What the fuck is your problem?!\" I say as I take a trash can in my hands and throw it against the wall, spilling all its content around. \"First you tell me you need me and now you're avoiding me like I'm some kind of fucking stranger. You don't answer my calls or my knocks on your door and don't even come outside or let me see you in any way. I mean what the fuck is all this about?! If you were just planning on playing with me you should have told me earlier and save me the many hours I've spent worrying about you!\"I kick the trash can one more time before letting out an angry shout of frustration and then turning away from the door. I start to make my way back home when I hear the door open and then Tiffany shouts. \"Hey!\" I turn and face her. \"Have you thought about how maybe I'm just really scared to lose you?\" I'm too shocked to speak. \"Have you thought about how I'm just too scared to wake up and find you're fucking gone like Tommy was, or that I'm afraid that I will look at you and your eyes will be on some other woman instead of on me? Have you thought about how that makes me feel, Pat? Huh?\" Words fail me. \"So yeah,\" she goes on. \"Maybe I'm being a bitch because I want to make sure that you won't fuck me over like other men did when my husband died; or because I want to be ready when that happens.\" She finishes talking and then we are both staring at each other. Conflicting emotions pierce through me as I think for the right words to say, but none come. At last I decide to let my actions speak for themselves and walk toward Tiffany. When I am close enough, I take her hands in mine like I did a week ago in my basement, lean in and press my right cheek against the left side of her face. I can feel the rate of her breathing increasing. Finally, I whisper into her left ear \"I will never fuck you over, Tiffany\" before I let go of her, turn away and make my way back home.[Chapter 3] A/N: So this is the longest chapter I have posted so far, and somehow I hope that makes up for all the time you've had to wait for it! Anyway, one thing I'd like to point out is that I live in the UK so if there's anything spelled the English way then I'm sorry! Also, all the traditions or customs and geography are made up, so don't pay too much attention to it. Enjoy! I AM ALLOWED TO ACT CRAZY. February, 14, 2007. This time when I wake up I don't waste any time and quickly change into my exercise clothes go down to the basement and do working out. After two hours I stop and look at the clock. It's eight thirty am. I realize I am late for my running routine so I quickly go upstairs, prepare and eat some pancakes. Strangely no one is up yet; Mom is usually up at six to give me my medication. Since she is not down here and I don't want to wake my parents up –because that would also mean facing my dad— I decide to take my meds on my own. I pick them all and put them on the kitchen table, and then I am thinking about how I have only ever known them for their color, names never made sense; and I wonder what each and every one of them would do to me if I took them separately or I took a different combination. The little pills fascinate me at the same time as they exasperate me. I cannot wait till the day when I finally have to stop taking them, mostly because it is a pain having to remember to take them. Also because if I wasn't on medication I would be able to drive and maybe even get a new job, which I wouldn't mind doing. I take all of them at the same time and then wish I hadn't because I have a very hard time swallowing. When I am done I walk to the living room and stare at the great TV. This machine has been with us for longer than three months yet I am still not used to it. I think about watching something before going running now that the TV is free, when suddenly I hear movement coming from upstairs. There is a lot of banging and then I hear Mom moan like she always does whenever she tries some sort of food that she likes, the difference being that now I am pretty sure there is no food upstairs. Okay so my parents are having sex right now. I take my jacket, put it on and exit the house as fast as someone who's about to be murdered. Tiffany is nowhere to be seen, but to be honest I didn't expect to see her waiting for me so I am not distressed about it, however some knife-like feeling on my chest makes me think I kind of wish she had. After what happened yesterday I haven't seen or spoken to her. I run for about ten minutes until I settle on paying a visit to Tiffany. Her house has exactly the same look it did yesterday so I think Tiffany will be inside just like the last time. I come closer to the entrance and this time knock politely on the door. Nobody answers. I think about knocking again but decide to wait a bit longer, and in the meantime I stand quietly in front her house door, waiting for something to happen. But nothing does. I look up; I cannot see any lights coming from the second floor. I hold my breath; I cannot hear anything coming from inside either. Strange. Usually when I come around like this and Tiffany does not answer the door I stop to listen for sounds that may indicate she's inside refusing to open the door, and I generally find them quite easily. These are usually footsteps echoing on the hard wooden floor of her dance space or the opening and closing of doors and chest drawers. But now I cannot hear anything. I shrug. If she wants to keep hidden from me it is up to her, her choice, and I will not pursue her anymore. I turn and continue to keep on running. I go past the high school , down Collings Avenue, make a left twice and then I'm in Oaklyn. I continue running until I pass the Black Horse Pike, Kendell Boulevard and Oaklyn Public School, but then my feet stop and I stand frozen. It's not right, something's not right. I'm alert. I look up at the sky, there are no clouds, and that is not good. I spin around and start running in the opposite direction. No clouds with no electricity is not a good omen, I don't like it; everything seems gloomy, cheerless, distressing. I continue jogging and then I am back at Knight's park, as if my feet had brought me here on purpose. I turn my jog into a rhythmic walk and make my way into the park. I feel watched, even though I know I am not. I look behind me, there is no one there. I am alone, in exactly the same spot I was with Tiffany four days ago. It seems like yesterday, it feels like it was only yesterday when I held Tiffany in my arms and she clung onto me as one would hang onto dear life. I miss her . \"Why are you doing this to me, Tiffany?\" I say out loud. I don't care who hears me, I don't care who sees me. \"Why are you doing this?!\" I repeat, hands on my head, my voice rising. I was in a mental hospital for four years, I am allowed to do this, I am allowed to act crazy, I am allowed to miss the one and only person who I've come to realize is capable of maintaining my sanity. Tiffany. I am allowed to miss her. At last I cannot stand it anymore, I look at my clock and see it's almost half past ten. It is still early but I decide to return home because I don't like being in the park, alone, without Tiffany. Once inside I cautiously check for noises before I announce that I am home, like I usually do on Sundays. Maybe Mom and Dad are still having sex, me and Nikki used to have long sessions of love making ourselves; maybe I should continue running. But just as I think of going outside to run for another thirty minutes my mother enters the front room, sees me and is quickly hugging me and asking how my running was. I tell her it was not nice and she asks why. \"Because Tiffany was not running today either.\" I tell her. She looks at me, concerned. \"Are you sure? Maybe she just went running across a different area…\" She says. \"Mom, I went to her house and it was empty. Lifeless. I know that because before I left I stopped to listen for sounds and couldn't hear any. And she always runs by the neighborhood.\" I tell her. As much as I try to conceal it my voice stills sounds worried. \"Well, maybe..\" \"Mom, she always runs by the neighborhood.\" I am losing patience. \"It's okay Pat, just give her time. Perhaps she went out—\" \"Where?\" I interrupt her. She sounds like she already knows where Tiffany is gone, and I don't like it because I miss Tiffany and I want to know where she is and Mom is not telling me and it irritates me. \"I don't know, Pat, just somewhere…\" \"Mom,\" I cut her off and take her shoulders in my hands. \"Where is Tiffany?\" I say as I shake her. My voice is cutting steel. \"I don't know Pat…\" she says, but I don't believe her. \"In the last letter she gave me she said you were her girlfriend. Tell me where she is Mom, I need to know. Don't hide it from me Mom, you can't hide everything from me, you know you can't!\" I am shouting at the last sentence. I want to beat up Mom for not telling me where the only girl I have learnt to care about is. But I don't do that. I remember the last time I unintentionally hit my mother, I regretted it so much afterwards it was enough to make me want to kill myself. I must stay focused, Tiffany would not approve of this, as much as she would understand it. I take a deep, steadying breath and stare directly into my mother's anxious eyes. I decide to calm myself down this way because in the future I don't want to have to close my eyes every time something bothers me. I must learn. After some seconds I am myself again. Mom finally dares to speak once more. \"We haven't spoken properly since last Sunday, Pat. I don't know where she is or where she's gone. I was just merely suggesting that maybe she ran around a different area, that's all, Pat. Please, I don't want you to worry yourself.\" I say nothing. \"Please, Pat…\" Mom pleads, but I intervene. \"Okay.\" I say simply. I let go of her and hastily make my way upstairs, into my bedroom. I have no energy to deal with anything else. I think about letters as I lay on my bed, facing the roof. All those letters that I sent to Tiffany thinking she would pass onto Nikki. All the weeks I spent, thrilled and delusional, thinking that Nikki would come back to me, thinking she had forgiven me and would love me again no matter what because she had been accepting and writing all those letters. I don't care about any of that any longer. I'm not mad at Tiffany anymore. I never was mad with her. I was an idiot. And now she hates me, I think. I begin to remember every reply I ever got from Tiffany in those letters where she pretended to be Nikki. No matter how much it bothered me that she faked being Nikki, she still did a pretty good job at it. I believed every single one of them, even the one where she reproached me for sending two hundred photocopied pages of my diary— My diary. It's still here, somewhere hidden inside my bedroom, inside this very room. I stand up, restless. I need to find that diary for reasons that are foreign even to me. I scramble through my things until I find the lifeless object that served as my solace and relief for many months. I open it and start to read. \"Dear Nikki… I miss you so much…\" \"Dear Nikki… miss all the freckles of your face, when apart time is over I will give you a kiss for every single one of them…\" \"Nikki, I have found out apart time has gone on for longer than I thought…\" \"…cannot wait to kiss your delicate lips again…\" \"… I am practicing being kind rather than right…\" \"… I love you so much…\" \"Dear dolly..\" \"Dearest Nikki..\" \"Nikki…\" \"Nikki…\" \"Nikki…\" Nonsense. I close the diary and throw it on the floor. All that lifeless object contains is a bunch of nonsense and irrational sentences obviously written from a very mentally ill man. I am not that man anymore. It is very hard for me to believe that I actually wrote that at some point of my life, as none of the emotions I describe in those pages have remained with me. I don't love Nikki. I was right to look for and read the diary: old movie is definitely over. There is no going back, no need to look back either. I retake the diary in my hands and tear it in half. I don't want to see this rubbish ever again. I go down to the kitchen and toss the diary into the bin. When I turn, Mom is looking at me, with this look on her face that shows how insecure about talking to me she is. \"Will you join me for lunch, Pat?\" she asks timidly. I accept and we both have a quiet meal. Dad does not join us, however. I think he must be in his study because the living room is empty and he is usually in the living room on a Sunday. It doesn't bother me, though. I have bigger matters to worry about. When I am done I stand up and kiss Mom a quick goodbye before I go outside again. I need to find Tiffany. I try to walk steadily as I make my way to her house, but I cannot extinguish the butterflies that form on the pit of my stomach and the worried thoughts that are constantly flashing through my mind as I take one step after another towards her household. Please be there , I beg. But she is not there. Just as this morning, the house is lifeless. Where are you, Tiffany. I look around, maybe she is watching me from a distance; maybe she is watching me from inside her parent's house. There is no one to be seen around however I don't abandon my hope and opt for knocking on Tiffany's parent's front door. If she's not inside perhaps they can tell me where she has gone so that I can go and look for her because I am worried about her and I want to see her again and I don't want her to hate me. I knock three times before someone finally answers. \"Who is it and what do you want?\" says a voice from behind the door. \"Is Tiffany there?\" I ask. The door opens, ajar. A pair of eyes then stare at me, doubtfully. \"Pat?\" The voice says. \"Yes. Is Tiffany there?\" I repeat. The door opens a little bit more, revealing the feminine figure of Mrs Webster, Tiffany's mother. \"She's not in here. What do you want with her, Pat?\" She asks me. \"I want to find her because I need to speak to her\" I say. Suddenly a male figure is standing behind his wife. Mr Webster. \"Hey you selfish bastard, what do you want with my daughter? Don't you think she's been hurt enough already?\" I am paralyzed. \"Are you here to shout at her a little bit more? Wasn't yesterday enough?\" He goes on. I stare back at them, my face blank. The words Tiffany's dad is saying should drive me mad, but instead they make me feel guilty. I feel bad, I feel ashamed, I feel awful. And I can't help it. \"I just want to know where she is, I won't shout at her, I promise.\" I say in my defense. He rolls his eyes and then disappears. Tiffany's Mom remains stuck in her place. And then she says: \"We don't know where she is. She is old enough to make her own decisions anyway. You're best off just going home and coming back tomorrow. I'm sure she'll be here by then.\" She tells me. She tries to hide it but I recognize the worry in her voice. And I believe her; I believe what she is telling me, because any mother that speaks with worry is a mother telling the truth. I thank her and turn away. I start to get frustrated because I can't get hold of Tiffany, when suddenly I remember that there is a chance she might be at her sister's house. So I turn and initiate my run towards their place. When I get there I waste no time and knock on the door. My best friend Ronnie opens. \"Pat! What's up, man?\" He asks me. \"Hi Ronnie,\" I say. \"I was wondering if you could tell me where Tiffany is.\" \"Tiffany?\" He asks, his face darkens. \"Yes. Do you know where she is?\" I insist. \"No man, I don't.\" His voice becomes hard. I Know Ronnie's still mad at Tiffany for writing those letters to me, and I don't like it, so I just stare at him with a locked jaw. I want him to know I am being serious. After a brief moment he asks \"Have you tried her house?\" \"There is nobody in there.\" I say. \"I've just been there and even talked with her parents. They say they don't know. I was also up there this morning but she wasn't home back then either.\" \"I don't know where she is, I'm sorry Pat. But say, what do you need her for? I thought you two had already made up.\" \"I just want to talk to her.\" I explain. \"Well, we—\" \"We invited Tiffany to dinner a couple of days ago,\" Veronica cuts him, materializing from behind his back. \"She said she would do her best to try to make it but called me yesterday and said there was something she had to do today, someplace she had to go. We haven't heard from her since.\" I am a little surprised at what she is saying because I thought Tiffany would be here. \"Do you know where she's gone?\" I ask, anxiously. \"I don't know. When I asked her she refused to tell, and when I asked how she was going to get there she said she would take the train, that's all I know.\" Ronnie and Veronica look at me with enquiring faces, but I don't tell them why I want to find or talk with Tiffany. After some brief seconds Veronica makes a comment on how she must go back to attend little Emily and then leaves. \"You OK, pal?\" Ronnie asks me. He must sense my worry. \"Yeah, don't worry about it.\" I say, and then walk away. I walk up and down the main road so many times I end up losing count. Tiffany's taken the train; I don't know why, I don't know where, I don't know what for. It kills me. I just want to talk to her, that's all. But she's not here, she's not with me , and I miss her and I want her so bad. Even if Dad doesn't approve of her and Ronnie thinks she's a bad influence and Jake has threatened to kill her. Jake. My brother who supports me in everything and who bought my season tickets for the football that I obviously wanted to watch. My brother threatened to kill the only woman I care about. Of course I had already talked with him about this and he agreed to leave Tiffany alone, but I don't think he actually got the message I was trying to put across because when I warned him I didn't know I needed Tiffany. My brother who maybe, just maybe is involved in all of this. Maybe he called Tiffany and told her to get a train and meet him some place to talk with her, probably about me. Maybe my brother is with Tiffany right now. I stop walking. I need answers. I know I sound crazy, but I am allowed to act crazy, especially when it concerns matters such as Tiffany. I run back to my house and then ask Mom for money for the train. When she asks why I throw some evasive answers and then exit the house. I can hear her voice shouting behind me as I run down the road, but I don't look back. I need to get to Jake as soon as I can. I hope on a train to Philadelphia and then walk down Market Street and Second Street until I find the high-rise building in which Jake lives. I still remember his exact address. When I enter, the doorman asks my name and who I am visiting. I give him the details he wants but I am a little annoyed with him because he does not remember me from the last time I came. Next, I get on the elevator where the man with the monkey costume is waiting for me and he takes me to the tenth floor after I mention my brother's name. The blue hallway and thick red carpet open themselves up to me as I look for Jake's door number. 1021. I immediately start banging the door until my brother answers. \"Pat?\" he says after he opens the door. \"I need to talk to you\" I say. He lets me in and then we are both sitting in his leather couch. \"So, what do you need to talk with me about?\" He asks. I look around, no sign of Tiffany… or Caitlin. \"Where is your wife?\" I ask. I feel weird referring to Caitlin as my brother's wife. \"She's up in New York doing some recordings. What is it, Pat?\" He repeats. \"Where is Tiffany?\" I say, my face harsh. Unforgiving. He's taken aback for a moment. \"Tiffany? What? I-I don't know-why-why would I know where that lying bitch is?\" He raises his voice. And I lose it. I grab his shoulders and smash him against the couch. \"Listen Jake, I need Tiffany, do you understand? I . Need . Her .\" I emphasize the word 'need' as I want him to understand this utmost necessity. \"She's not a bitch and she already apologized for lying. So stop it, stop it!\" I am shouting. \"And you know what? I have already forgiven her, and so has Mom and so have Ronnie and Veronica. So I think you should follow and forgive her once and for all already. I know we talked about this last time but this time I'm serious, Jake, she's the reason I am here, she's the reason I'm sane. I need her.\" I finish telling him, my voice barely more than a whisper. And then I let go of him, put my hands on my face and start to cry. I cry with loud sobs as Jake pats my back and tells me to calm down. I cry because too many things are happening all at the same time and I cannot keep up with them. I cry because a week ago I was a totally different man but now Tiffany has completely changed me and I can no longer recognize myself. I cry because I want Tiffany like a kid wants a lolly and I want to hold her and to kiss her and tell her that she was right: I just needed to find closure to start living my own life, and that thanks to her I have found it and my own life has no meaning without her in it. After some time I stop crying and look up at Jake. His face has changed; now the features have softened, transforming his face into pure apprehensiveness. I am much more relaxed now, and Jake can see that too, but what I cannot hide and Jake has already noticed are the features of my face which indicate worry all over the place. My brother hesitates a bit before speaking to me but finally manages to get the words out of him. \"I'm sorry, Pat.\" He says, and I can hear a tiny quiver in his voice which only happens when someone is telling the utter truth. I have heard this quiver before on Tiffany and that's how I recognize it in Jake, but it has also reminded me of her and the fact that I am sitting in front of my younger brother crying my heart out because of her momentarily absence. \"I didn't-I never—\" He tries to go on but has a hard time finding the right words. \"I never knew you needed her this bad.\" He ultimately says. After some 'don't worry's' and some 'it's okay's' he manages to calm me down and comfort me. And now that we are both thinking straight Jake asks me where I think Tiffany has gone. \"I don't know,\" I reply. \"Her sister Veronica told me something about how she was going to get a train to go someplace. But I don't know what place and I can't think of any either.\" I pause, and think. Where would Tiffany be right now? I cannot imagine her spending a whole day in a clothes store looking for the best deal of a new Versace dress, so I strongly doubt she has gone out shopping. She literally lives with her parents so she hasn't gone to visit them because I was just there and she wasn't with them. Same thing with her sister. There is no place I can come up with and it upsets me. Before I can start crying again Jake says \"If she got on a train that must mean she is going far and maybe will not return until much later. Cheer up, Pat. I know how it feels to need someone because that's exactly how I felt when I first met Caitlin, but there is no need to stress yourself about this because let me tell you: she will come back soon.\" My brother definitely has a point, but he is seeing things from a 34-year-old-happily-married-man, not from a 35-year-old-fucked-up-desperate-man. I remember I am the one on irritating medication, the one who spent four years in a mental hospital and the only one of us allowed to act crazy; and I make no excuses and no apologies about my behavior. After some more minutes at his place I decide to head home again. There is nothing else to do here. Back at home things have not improved either. Mom says she has tried calling Tiffany's cell phone but apparently it is shut down so she has not been able to contact her. Veronica and Ronnie called to notify the same problem and Tiffany's parents are starting to get worried about her as well. I learn this is about the first time that Tiffany leaves so early in the morning and spends so much time outside without letting anybody know. Normal families wouldn't worry about their fully grown daughter disappearing for days, but Tiffany is like me so of course they're going to worry. However now that I know this a very unpleasant feeling has settled itself in the bottom of my stomach, liver, pancreas, lungs, mouth, etc. I can hear Dad in the living room watching TV so I go directly upstairs and lay on my bed for the time being. I close my eyes and try to get some sleep even though I have never taken a nap in my life, but this so-not-nice feeling is making me feel sick and I can feel the need to throw up so I remain unmoved on my bed, trying to hold my lunch in. When I open my eyes the sky's crystal blue has transformed into marine blue. I close my eyes again. I open them and the sky has turned purple and pink with bits of dark blue here and there. I close my eyes. When I open them for the final time darkness swallows me and I worry I might have woken up in the middle of the night. I sit up, look at the clock and see it's almost ten pm. I have missed dinner but to be honest I am still sick so I don't feel bad at all for not joining Mom at the table. Then the thought of a missing Tiffany hits me and I stand up and run back downstairs. \"Mom! Have there been any news about Tiffany yet?\" I ask at the thin air. Then Mom comes up to me, her face sheet white, not one pint of pink on her usually rosy cheeks. \"No… nothing.\" She says. Her tone is so extremely low I actually have to listen hard to hear what she is saying. I stare at her but she looks down at the floor, like she's hiding something. And then I hear the house phone ring. Once. I am looking at Mom, none of us moving. Twice. I am running to get it. Three times. \"Hello?\" I ask, breathless. \"Pat,\" the voice says. \"It's Jake.\" I remain silent waiting for his next words, but his next words don't come and I worry. \"What is it?\" I ask with a barely audible tone. \"It's about Tiffany…\" He stops for a few seconds, but then he's rushing. \"You told me she got the train today. I didn't want to believe it when I saw it but it's on the CNN news, everybody's talking about it, there are sirens everywhere and I don't know how to tell you this but you probably… oh Pat I'm so sorry I just, Pat listen I'm sure she was not there, she was not there, don't worry Pat, she was not there…\" At first I don't understand what my brother keeps on telling me, I can only recognize a few words here and there, like 'accident' and 'deaths', but after a while it becomes obvious what he is trying to say, and although my heart does not want to register it, my brain and reason do. There was a malfunction on one of the trains coming back from Delaware to Philadelphia and due to this another train accidentally crashed onto it. There have been 47 deaths. This happened only a few hours ago. Tiffany is still not back at home. No one has been able to reach her. Her aunt lives not far from Delaware. Tiffany probably went to visit her, and took that train to come back. Tiffany is probably dead. The phone drops from my hand, leaving my too agitated brother on the line. My first thought is 'this isn't happening'. I refuse to believe anything of what Jake tells me, he is lying. He is just playing a sick joke on me for some reason. So I quickly walk to the living room, hoping to clarify my doubts with the CNN news. Surely nothing about train crashes is being reported. But when I enter the living room I stand frozen. The images show the body of a woman in a stretcher being transported into the ambulance, but the paramedics are just wasting their time, because everybody knows she's dead. My eyes wander to the bottom left of the screen, where there is usually a short summary of the news being reported above, but just as my rational brain expected I cannot find any kind of comfort in there. \"… ESTIMATED 47 DEATHS IN AFTERNOON DELAWARE TRAIN ACCIDENT…\" I read. And then something breaks inside me. I can literally feel my heart dropping from where it should be and going down, down to the bottom of my stomach, down to the bottom of my guts, down until it is no longer inside my body. I don't know what I do next, if break down and cry or continuously shout at the TV; everything happens so fast I cannot register anything. And then the room is spinning and somehow I am banging my head against the wall and sobbing at the top of my lungs as the word \"Tiffany\" escapes my mouth after each whimper and bang on the wall. \"Tiffany—Tiffany—Where—Are—You—Tiffany—Tiffany\" I cry. I don't think I notice Dad's strong arms around me until I am looking directly into his eyes. For a moment I fear he might hit me, but his face shows worry instead of annoyance. For the first time in years, probably, my father is worried about me. I try to stop crying as I look at Dad's face, but instead of stopping, I only manage to cry even more and even louder on my father's shoulder. He simply holds me. He does not hug me back, he does not pat my back, he does not say comforting words like my brother did earlier today. But despite this lack of expression, I feel accepted into my father's world again. And despite the fact that he doesn't say anything at all, I find comfort on his still embrace. Today feels like a dream. Maybe I am hallucinating. After a while, I pull away from Dad before it becomes too awkward for both of us, and then I manage to reduce my sobs to silent tears. Some part of my brain wants to believe all of this is one big hallucination, that none of this is actually happening and that I am hallucinating because of the pills I took this morning. Maybe I did take the wrong combination after all. But the other, larger and stronger part of my brain knows this is the real world, not some kind of dream, that the train accident actually happened and that there is a strong chance that Tiffany will be dead. I don't know when it happens, but all of a sudden we are getting many phone calls and all the phones in the house are ringing incessantly and Mom is everywhere speaking with everyone on the line. Veronica and Ronnie have also seen the news and they're calling for an update on things –apparently they called earlier as well—they want to know if any of us has been able to contact Tiffany, but my mother has no good news to give to them. Then Tiffany's parents are calling and they want to know the same thing. Again bad news have to be broken and more and more silent tears continue to fall from my eyes. I should have told her earlier. I should have told her earlier. I should have told her earlier. That is all I can think about: I should have told her earlier. And then, just as I am about to start sobbing again, the doorbell rings. I freeze for a second, and then break into a run as I go across the living room and the front room. When I reach the entrance I waste no time and open the door. And then I see her. Tiffany. She's standing outside the house door, wearing a bun which allows two loose strands of her delicate black hair to stand on either side of her face, wearing too much make-up on but the right amount of it for her eyes to exhibit their marvelous deep green color and wearing a lovely red necklace which reflects the tint of her blood red lips. Tiffany. She's alive. She's okay. She's here. My body reacts before my mind does, fulfilling the desire it had so long craved for. Involuntarily I take two steps towards her and my firm lips slant over hers as they claim and own them. Her lips rapidly spread and then our mouths collide with such force I am left breathless. Her hands clamp around my neck as my fingers dig deep into her hair undoing her already disheveled bun. The sensation inside me grows warmer, hotter, spreading all the way through my body as our mouths and bodies move rhythmically. My lips crave hers. My hands own her body, her soul, her very self. Passion. So this is how it feels like. I had never experienced this kind of feeling before, not even with Nikki, and now all I can think about is Tiffany. How much I've missed her, how much I want her, how much I need her. When I pull away Tiffany's eyes meet my gaze with a questioning look. I know she wants to go on, I want to go on, but right now I cannot allow her to keep on kissing me, as much as I like it, because right now I remember that I was very close to loosing her and I remember that there is something I must say to her before she disappears again. So I carefully clutch her face in my hands, look straight into her eyes and say, \"I love you, Tiffany Webster. I love you so fucking much.\" And stare at her long enough to see her eyes dampen and her lips form an unmissable grin before she leans on and her lips are all over mine again.[Chapter 4] A/N: I know this is a really short chapter, but I thought after the last one it would be okay. Sorry for all the incredibly long wait for it, all my excuses are really lame. Anyway, thanks for all your reviews, favs follows and silent reads, they mean the world. Also, thanks to Izzy for being the bestest friend ever, and getting me through this chapter. NO WAY I'M LETTING HER GO NOW February, 14, 2007 After a while, I pull away from Tiffany, both of us gasping for breath after our desperate long kiss. She tastes like strawberries and I savor the bittersweet taste of her strawberry lipstick. Somehow it feels right, because I know Tiffany is one of the most bitter people I have ever met, but at the same time one of the sweetest too, so if anyone was to wear this lipstick, it had to be her. She looks at me, a smile still on her face, and I return smile because I am so impossibly happy and I want her to know that she is the reason for my impossible happiness. I know I am lucky to have Tiffany in my life, but having her tightly gripped in my arms after everything that has happened today just accentuates this knowledge that circles my mind. But then I remember that today Tiffany was gone for the whole day and the question of where she went strikes me. However before I get a chance to ask her anything my mother interrupts our moment of pure happiness as she comes in between us and gives Tiffany a warm hug. \"Oh Tiffany, I am so glad you're okay, and so relieved you've come back! We were all so worried, thank goodness nothing bad happened to you! Please come in, it's very chilly out here.\" Mom says as she guides Tiffany inside. Somehow this scene reminds me of last Sunday, of exactly a week ago, when Tiffany and I came back from the park and Mom opened the door for us and it was also so very cold outside. When we are all inside and Mom has closed the door she goes into the kitchen to prepare some hot drink before giving Tiffany a warm smile again. I think Mom is behaving this way because she must have seen us kiss, but no one has said anything, so I don't either. I look at Tiffany, she seems to be slightly uncomfortable, and then I notice that it is rather warm inside the house and that she is still wearing her coat therefore she must be quite hot. \"Can I take your coat?\" I say, pointing at her long white coat. She takes it off swiftly without saying a word; I take it and put it on the coat hanger without saying anything either. When I turn back, I notice Tiffany is eyeing the living room very coyly. I think she must be thinking about my father and how Dad has never liked her, and I am about to say something when Mom comes into the room again and tells us that our drinks are ready. We go into the kitchen and sit down to have our hot chocolates. Mine is sweet with a lot of foam on top, just how I like it. Tiffany takes a sip and I observe her as she closes her eyes and swallows gradually, taking in the sweet taste of her drink. When she puts the mug down, I realize Mom is watching us rather anxiously. \"Mom is there something wrong?\" I ask. She would be embarrassing in any other circumstances, but after today I don't care about anything else apart from the fact that Tiffany is back; and besides Mom does look a bit distressed so I worry because I don't want her to be distressed any longer as I know that today she has had to go through a lot and it's been mostly all my fault. Mom hesitates a few seconds but then says, \"Tiffany... We have been receiving a lot of phone calls, from your parents and sister... they're all very worried and I am sure would love to hear from you personally...if you don't mind, could you give them a call just to let them know you're okay, please?\" And as if to reaffirm my mother's words, the house phone starts to ring again and Mom gives a meaningful look to reluctant Tiffany before walking off to answer the call. I look at Tiffany but say nothing because I know her parents must be as or even more worried than what I was before and that it's best that she lets them know she's all right as soon as possible. Tiffany sighs and focuses her sight on the chocolate mug. Then I hear Mom's voice on the phone talking to the person at the other end of the line. \"Hello?... Oh Sylvia dear, wonderful news! Tiffany... Yes... Yes I know, I am so glad too... Uh?... Oh, no, no she's absolutely fine... Yes, she's having chocolate with Pat right now, I hope you don't mind? … Sure... Wait, I will hand her over to you... of course dear, any time.\" My mother gestures Tiffany to come over to the phone so Tiffany stands up and walks over to her. \"Hey Mom,\" she says. \"Yeah, I'm fine... I know... I'm still alive...No, not yet... Wha-...No... I don't-...I'll call her tomorrow... Promise... Yeah, okay... I'm fine... I don't know... I said I don't know... Okay, bye... Love you too.\" She hangs up, turns, walks to the table and drinks the rest of her chocolate all in one go. As I watch her, I wonder what she meant with I don't know. Maybe she was answering to a question regarding her whereabouts today, which is weird because she must know where she was the whole day if she is the one that left in the first place; but maybe it is simply a false response to get rid of her worried Mother. I don't know because I don't ask. I catch Tiffany looking out of the window so I look out of the window as well and then words escape my mind before I can stop them, and I say: \"You can stay here for the night if you want.\" Suddenly I have a flashback to last sunday when I asked her exactly the same question in more or less the same circumstances, when it was snowing and I wanted Tiffany to stay yet I didn't know I needed Tiffany. But the difference this time is that she doesn't look at me with surprise like she did last time. Instead, she gives me a quick smile and says \"Okay.\" I am very shocked . I decide to finish my chocolate first because it's really nice, and then I offer to show Tiffany my room. However before we go up, I catch a quick view of dad through the half-opened door of the living room. And then I think about what happened today and how dad got me in his arms and how he held me strongly even though I was screaming and crying so hard. And then I think about tomorrow, and the day after that, and so on, and I think of how I'm sure things will change from now on between me and my dad. Because deep down I know he loves me, and deep down I know I love him too. Once upstairs I show Tiffany my room, but there's not much to show so after the bed and the sleeping bag I fall silent again. Tiffany sits on the bed. After a brief moment I start to say \"Listen, I don't know where you want to sleep, but if you want you can sleep in the guest room, there's a bed and it's so much more comfortable than this one-\" but Tiffany cuts me off and before I can react she pulls me with her into the bed and kisses me again with the same force she did just about an hour ago, downstairs by the house door. I kiss her back and without knowing it my hands are embracing her with a need I never knew to have felt before, but then I realize something is different than before, the kiss is different. Whereas our first kiss was full of passion and desire, this one is full of love and need. It's just as strong yet softer at the same time. I love Tiffany, I think. And there is no way I'm letting her go now. When we break the kiss, we slowly lay back together in bed, neither of us sleeping. I am too excited to finally have Tiffany in my arms so I don't move nor speak, in case it bothers her. I am aware that Mom doesn't know that Tiffany will be staying here and that I'll probably have to tell her at some point, but all my worries disappear when Mom suddenly comes up to my room. As she enters the door, Tiffany and I turn our heads to face her without sitting up or standing up from the bed. To be honest I would not have broken my embrace with Tiffany even if the next World War had started, but I am moved to see that Tiffany shares the same feelings about me as she does nothing to break our embrace either. Mom stands in the doorway, trying to get the words out and I can tell that she's having a hard time in doing so because she constantly opens and closes her mouth. For a moment I worry that she will force Tiffany out of the my bed or even out of the house because I don't want to lose Tiffany again, not even for one night; but when Mom's words finally come they are nothing compared to what I had expected. \"I...\" she starts, then closes her mouth and gives a big sigh. \"I will bring up some more blankets for you two. It's cold outside and you shouldn't be sharing one single blanket\" \"Thank you\" I say to thank her for the extra blankets, but when I look at her I inwardly thank her for being such a good Mom and for accepting Tiffany again into our family, and letting her stay tonight. She returns the look with a smile and I know that she knows exactly what I'm thanking her for, even though I have not uttered it out loud. When Mom comes back upstairs, she puts the blankets on a chair next to the door and also tells us that she will call Tiffany's parents and let them know that Tiffany will be staying here tonight. We both thank her again and then Mom finally leaves, leaving us both alone, for the night. After fifteen minutes or so I reluctantly have to stand up and get the blankets because it is so cold in the bed, even with Tiffany in my arms. I hate having to let go of Tiffany but I quickly embrace her again once I finish pulling the blankets over both of us. From within the bed I feel how she takes off her shoes with her feet and then hugs me tightly. \"Do you want me to lend you some clothes so you can change into something more comfortable?\" I ask her, because I know how women always complain about having to sleep in their clothes and I figure Tiffany is no different. \"No, it's okay,\" she says. \"Just don't let go of me.\" And so I hold Tiffany as I unbelievingly think about everything that's happened today, since the moment I took the pills to the moment I saw Tiffany standing in the doorway, safe and sound. I think about my lonely run this morning, about her empty house, my banging on her door, the look on Tiffany's mom when I asked after Tiffany, the look on my brother's face when I cried in front of him. My brother's phonecall. The news. The crying. My dad's strong arms around me, and finally the doorbell, and Tiffany. I find it funny how this morning I woke up thinking that maybe I would be able to see Tiffany again, maybe run with her and even hug her, and now I have her in my own arms, and she has just asked me to not let go of her. I smile at the thought of this, because I love Tiffany and I know she loves me back, however something unsettles me when I think about all the time she was gone today and how I still don't know where she was. After a while, I ask, \"where were you today?\" but Tiffany shakes her head and whispers \"Don't ask me\", which reminds me of when we were in the dance competition, just some moments away from performing and whenever I tried to talk to her she kept on telling me not to talk to her before the performance because it was bad luck. I also remember how Tiffany hugged and kissed me on the lips after we had performed, and I think that maybe I should not push her into telling me anything yet, because she not a woman that likes to be pushed into doing things and also because I know that she will probably tell me later, in her own time. So I close my eyes as I gently stroke her hair like I did in my basement a week ago, and slowly fall to sleep, with the woman of my dreams warmly wrapped in my arms. In case you were wondering, Sylvia is Tiffany's mum (I made up her name) and when Tiffany responds \"I don't know\" to her mum, she is answering the question of \"where will you sleep tonight?\". I thought about adding it to the chapter but I was pretty happy with how it turned out. :)[Chapter 5] A/N: Turns out if you stick with me long enough, I eventually update. When I started writing this story I promised I would not abandon it, and although it's been two years already, I have this New Year's resolution that I will finish it this year no matter what. So I'm trying! Anyway here's my attempt at closing some of the mystery and some of the loose ends of the book, for now. There is a lot of fluff because I thought it was needed, specially since all the angst in all previous chapters. But don't worry, there will be a bit more angst later on (plus I will attempt to close more loose ends) Enjoy! THE BEGINNING OF SOMETHING NEW February, 15, 2007. When I wake up the first thing I realize is that Tiffany is not with me on the bed. And the first thought that comes to my mind is that she has left me because something happened during the night that I am not aware of and that she didn't like and so she left. The second thought I have is that maybe a bad person came in and kidnapped Tiffany and now I need to save her. I think I have this thought because I remember my Mom saying a thief had stolen my wedding pictures, which means that a thief could have stolen Tiffany too. However I have to force myself to remember how Mom made it all up and how there was never a thief because my parents' house is really safe, which means that nobody has taken Tiffany; but that also means that perhaps my first thought was right. This makes me uncomfortable so I sit up on the bed and call out Tiffany's name in the hope that she can somehow hear me. \"Hey\", her voice says. I turn around and suddenly I am faced with an image of Tiffany standing in front of the window. I sigh with relief because it means none of my thoughts were correct, and that Tiffany is still here and still loves me. \"I thought you had left\" I say. \"I did. I went downstairs to make some tea.\" She says as she points at the blue mug in her left hand. \"But your Mom was already up so she made it for me.\" \"What time is it?\" I ask, suddenly feeling anxious that I might have skipped running routine altogether. \"7 am\". She replies. \"Wanna go on a run?\" I ask. \"It's snowing.\" She says. I look out of the window and then see that it is indeed heavily snowing, but I still ask if she wants to run with me anyway and she shakes her head and smiles. \"I am freezing as it is\" She tells me as she comes up to me and then kisses me softly on the lips. She makes a move to sit on top of me so I straighten both legs and put my arms around her when she sits on my lap. This gesture reminds me of yesterday and how we fell asleep on each other's arms and suddenly I am in a good mood despite the horrible weather outside. \"So what do you want to do?\"I ask. \"I don't know\" She shrugs her shoulders. \"Don't you normally have like a weight lifting-routine or something?\" \"Yeah, but it's very boring to watch\" I say. \"Who says I would be just watching?\" She asks, and I notice her right eyebrow goes up, which is how I know she is simply teasing me. We both laugh and at the end our laughter dies out with our kiss. At the end we decide to go down and have some breakfast, and when we arrive downstairs Mom greets me with a \"Good morning, sleepy head\" and a wink. I decide to have tea, like Tiffany, and some eggs and bacon which Mom cooks for both of us. I later learn that Dad is also awake but already in his study, but that doesn't worry me too much because of what happened last night. When Tiffany finishes she excuses herself and tells me she needs to call her sister Veronica because she promised her Mom last night. Through the hall I hear Tiffany's side of the conversation and how she tells Veronica \"Don't ask me just yet\" in the same way that she told me the night before not to ask her about her whereabouts on Sunday. A minute later she's back and encourages me to go down to the basement and do some working out so we both go down, and I miss my chance to ask her if she ever plans to tell me where she went. I work out for a full hour before I get bored of Tiffany watching me and so I stop. I ask her if she wants to join me, like she suggested upstairs in my room, but she says she's not strong enough to light the weighs and that she doesn't like weightlifting anyway, so I give up. She then holds my feet down on the ground as I do some push-ups but when I have done thirty I stop and suggest we go to the living room and watch some TV. I suggest this because there isn't much else to do in my house and since she doesn't want to go on a run I don't know what else to suggest. And besides, if I know Dad well enough I am sure he is probably still in his study, so the TV should be free. To my surprise, she doesn't mind, so she follows me when I go upstairs. As I suspected, Dad is not here, but then I hear voices coming from the kitchen and I notice one of them is Dad's. He must be talking to Mom, I think. \"What do you want to watch?\" I ask Tiffany as she sits down on the couch. \"I don't mind. Anything will be fine\" I sit down next to her and start flicking through the channels, looking for anything reasonable to watch. After a few moments I feel Tiffany snuggle up around my torso, like she did at Knight's park, and I lean into her as I continue looking through the channels. Eventually, we find an old movie we both like, so we watch that for the next couple of hours, snuggled up with each other. Once the movie ends, I look out of one of the living room windows and notice that it has stopped snowing outside, and you can actually see the sun now. I point this out to Tiffany, and she stands and goes over to the window. I follow her and the wrap my arms around her from behind. \"If you want, we can go out and have a stroll outside. I know it's cold but we can get some chocolate or something. Or I could show you this great hot-dog place not too far away from here, and we can get a couple and eat them in the park.\" I say. She turns her head and looks at me with a smile. \"A hot dog?\" She asks. I nod, and then tell her that it's fine if she doesn't want to leave the house but that my mom will start cooking lunch soon and with everything that's been going on with my dad I don't think it's a good idea if we stay, but she stops me mid-way through and tells me she would love to do just that, so I smile and kiss her cheek. When we get to the hot dog place I am very thankful that it is a Monday and it's a working day and also thankful that the owners decided to resume business as normal, despite the snow, because otherwise Tiffany and I would have starved. Since we left the house, the sun has started to shine a bit more so now all around us there are families with their kids, or children with their friends (or even couples like us) enjoying the benefits of a snowfall, so there is a lot of noise, but it doesn't bother me because I am incredibly happy and I know that Tiffany is too because I see it reflected in her face. And let me tell you, thinking about us as a \"couple\" makes me very happy as well since not long ago I never would have imagined it. We order two large hotdogs with extra onion and sauce toppings, and then we eat it as we walk. I finish mine quicker than Tiffany because I am a man and eat faster, yes, but also because I had been craving one of these babies for a long time and I couldn't wait to finish it. To my relief, when I ask Tiffany if she likes hers, she says she loves it and would definitely love to have another one soon. This adds to my happiness because it feels like I am sharing a piece of my world with Tiffany and we can finally start to have a \"normal\" relationship like any other couple out there, without any of the crap that we had have to endure, and it feels great. Before we know it, though, we find ourselves on the same soccer field we stood on the day when Tiffany said she needed me. As usual, it is filled with children everywhere, but this time even more so because the snow has settled and is thick enough to have a decent snow fight, so lots of kids are doing just that. Then I get an idea, so I reach down and scoop some snow onto my hands, making a firm snowball, and then throw it at Tiffany. She dodges it because she was looking at me when I did the ball, but she still looks at me with an annoyed look on her face. \"Hey!\" She shouts. In exchange, I smile and then throw another snow ball at her, and this time she doesn't dodge it and it hits her right on the chest. \"What the…\" she starts, but she doesn't finish because she is too busy scooping snow in her hands to throw it at me. \"Hit me if you can!\" I tease her, and then we are both running around the field trying to hit each other with our snow balls. It feels so refreshing to run around like this, completely care-free and with the woman I love with me, that for a long time I don't notice the cold from the snow in my hands, even though they start to look coral red. Finally, after a while, I grab hold of Tiffany by her waist and then we hug and kiss and fall down on the ground, panting like dogs. When we get our breaths back, Tiffany rests her head on my chest and hugs me tightly, and I put my arms around her torso and hug her back. It all feels so normal, that when she speaks again I have trouble registering what she is saying. \"I was in Seaford, near Delaware.\" She says, her voice completely serious now. I stay silent, my mind taking a few seconds to take in what she says. \"It is where Tommy and I used to live. It is also where he is buried\" I am taken aback by the mention of Tommy's name so all I manage to say is that I did not know that. Tiffany however does not take notice of my comment and instead continues her story. \"The 7th of February 1992? That was the date when we kissed for the first time. It was quite a cheeky kiss and we didn't actually start dating until a few months afterwards, but that's when we had our first kiss. It is the date both Tommy and I remembered as our \"secret anniversary\". Being with you on this soccer field, I wasn't lying when I told you I needed you. I do. But one part of me felt guilty because my words were influenced by the fact that it was the first time in years that I had been so close to man, and it so happened it was on my secret anniversary with Tommy. When you said you needed me too I was really fucked up. I had half-expected you to reject me, so I didn't know what to do. On one hand I was so happy that I could finally have you for myself, but on the other I was also really scared that you didn't love me back or something along those lines, and that you would leave me for someone else. I was also afraid that you would never be able to get over your Nikki and that's why I distanced myself from you. I wanted to make sure I would be able to cope with you having some kind of feelings towards Nikki if we were to end up together, which it seemed like it. I didn't want to lose you. I don't want to lose you, Pat. Not again, not ever.\" She pauses and remains silent for a few moments. My mind is racing so fast that I can hardly keep track of my thoughts. I want to tell her that I don't love Nikki anymore, that now I love her fully, and that I would never leave her because I don't want to lose her ever again either, but somehow the words will not come out. \"I did go to visit Tommy's grave.\" She continues. \"But I didn't stay long. It's quite frightening, really, how you can love a man for ten years and when you go visit his grave you only stay for ten minutes. But it's true. I guess I don't know what I was looking for. Maybe to relieve that first kiss I had with him. Maybe to ask for his permission. I don't know. But what I do know is that I found... release. I realized that Tommy was dead and that I was no longer in the fog that I had been in before. He was gone but I was still alive, and I realized that if I didn't go on living my life I would lose it too, and would regret it later because I would have lost something that I never thought I would have. I would have lost you. So ten minutes after I arrived I made up my mind about you, about us. I decided that it didn't matter if deep down you still had feelings for Nikki because deep down I still love Tommy. I remembered that you are the only man who didn't shy away when he discovered about my therapist and the only one I've ever danced with, and that if we could pull off such a splendid choreographed dance why couldn't we pull off a relationship? I still think you fell into my life for a reason, Pat. So I left Tommy's grave knowing that, as much as I loved him, I also love you and for now, that's all that matters.\" When she finishes I have to once again pause and digest everything she has just told me. I do not like the fact that she has just admitted to loving Tommy, but instead of getting angry at her I find that I am sympathetic towards her. This feeling confuses me because I did not expect it to overwhelm me this way, however the more I think about what she says the more it makes sense to me. I do not get angry at Tiffany because even though I do not love Nikki anymore, I will never be able to forget her and she will forever be a part of my life in the same way that Tommy will be a part of Tiffany's. I do not get angry at Tiffany because she has just opened up to me, and I know that this is one of those rare occasions that I will live with her because she is not the kind of woman that likes opening up, so that makes me feel special. I do not get angry at Tiffany because I love her, and I now I know she truly loves me back. So instead of saying anything, I hold Tiffany in my arms and kiss her scalp as we rock from side to side and she leans deeper into me, making me understand she knows what I'm trying to express. After a few moments though, I do the math and figure out that if she only spent ten minutes in Delaware then the whole journey shouldn't have taken her more than a few hours and yet she was lost for the whole day. And it bothers me a bit, so although I don't want to push her into saying anything, my curiosity –and the part of me that likes to worry- ends up getting the best of me. \"But Tiffany, if you only spent 10 minutes in Tommy's grave, what did you do the rest of the day?\" I ask. She stays silent for a bit, as if measuring up the pros and cons of telling me whatever it is on her mind. \"I thought about us, and our future.\" She finally says. \"How so?\" \"Just the possible future. After Seaford I walked around for a long time, sometimes even running, and ended up in the near village. I continued to walk but this time I took a residential route rather than just sticking to main roads. And I saw the houses there, which are home to so many families. And I paid attention to the way they lived their lives –the way a married couple walked side by side with each other, the way a woman took care of the front garden, the way a man pulled up his car after returning home from work. Those kind of things. And I said, you know what? If they can pull that off, why can't we? After all, we would only be lacking a car. But that just if we really needed one.\" I smile at what she says, but I stay silent for a couple of seconds, trying to organize everything that is playing on my mind. I know that Tiffany is right, but the mention of the residential area and the families gets me thinking, and somehow I know that this is the beginning of something new, and it means things will change from now on. Perhaps they won't change greatly, but something tells me they will. \"I stopped at an Italian restaurant on my way back,\" she goes on. \"I then had some food and just kind of lingered for as long as I could. After that I continued on my stroll around the residential areas, and I saw the same things again. And it looked… normal. All was fine. It was kind of like a sign from the universe telling me that if we were to lead that life, everything would be fine too. That's when I decided to come back, but first I had to walk all the way to the nearest train station because I didn't have enough money to order a cab. When I got there, I was already in a different station, just on the outskirts of Delaware, so I managed to avoid any risks. I heard about the train accident once I was back in here, but heard that it had happened after I had taken the train, so I would have avoided it any way. But I felt very lucky to be alive nonetheless. I then imagined you all would be worried about me, especially you since you are like me, and so I came back as fast as I could.\" She turns to look at me, and I stay silent because I don't know if she has finished speaking or not and because the gravity of the situation has just hit me. The fact that she is here, with me, is kind of like a small miracle, and also the fact that she says I am like her gets me thinking that maybe she knows me better than I know myself. \"I'm really sorry for leaving like that, Pat. I promise I won't do it again.\" For a moment I can't believe she is apologizing to me, because it's really soon since she last apologized and knowing her like I do, I know she is not the kind to apologize easily, let alone without any swear words in between. \"Tiffany—\" I start, trying to tell her that I didn't ask for an apology and anyway she doesn't have to apologize to me, but she cuts me. \"Pat, stop. I know you haven't asked for an apology, but I don't want things to be like this between us.\" She says, and I think that she has read my mind. \"I don't want to leave you without any explanation and I don't want to worry you like that again. If we're going to be together from now on, we must work on these things. Of course, I expect the same thing from you, but I think you're kind of already there so it's mostly me that has to work.\" Inside, I am laughing and jumping up and down. The fact that Tiffany says that we will be together from now on makes me very, very happy, because I feels like she's committing to being with me forever, which is how I want us to be, and although I don't know if that will be true because you can never predict the future, for now it feels like it will. \"We're going to be together?\" I ask, but I arch my eyebrow to let her know that I am simply teasing her. \"Of course we are!\" She exclaims, but then laughs and doesn't pull away when I plant a soft kiss on her lips. She then looks at me half-serious half-excitedly, and says, \"We're going to make this work\". I stare back and her with a smile on my lips, but before I answer I look up at the sky and see the exact thing we were looking for that day, about a week ago, on this exact soccer field: a cloud that has broken free from a nimbostratus. It is rather small and not like I had expected it to be, but what calls my attention is that the sun is shining from behind and the cloud is full of electricity, creating a perfect silver lining. And I feel so happy because now I see that my mother was right, when back in New Year's Even she said that 2007 was going to be a good year. It is going to be the best. So I put my forehead against hers, put a loose strand of her hair behind her ear and say, \"Yes, we are.\"[Chapter 6] A/N: Not even a thousand words! What a disgrace, I know. But I realised I needed something like this in order to move on with the story, so just take it as a bridge chapter which connects the important events together, or something like that. I think I'll have a couple more chapters like this, just because otherwise I will never finish the fic, but rest assured the following chapters will be longer and stuff. Thanks for sticking with me, even if you are a new reader and you haven't had to experience the two year gap between my updates, haha. Enjoy! I WILL BE ABLE TO LEAD A NORMAL LIFE May , 20, 2007. The following months are probably the best three months of my life, because it's when I'm the happiest, however that also means that nothing really interesting happens so I've decided to give you a brief outline of what happens rather than going to details. During the next few weeks Tiffany and I grow closer. I knew when we had our conversation in the soccer field that we would need to start making big decisions and changes, but I also hoped it would all be for the better. Slowly, I end up spending more time at her house than I do at mine. We both prefer her garage to my attic because there's more privacy and there's less chance of my Mom walking in on us. Most of the time we just lay around, not really talking or doing anything but laying on each other's arms. With Tiffany I know there's no words needed to express what we both feel, because every time she sits on my lap or she puts her arms around me I know that she's saying she loves me through her actions. And she knows that every time I look at her I am expressing it too without saying it, because that's how I feel most of the time. The first time we have sex, in her room, I realize that she's one of these people that can be different persons in the same day, one by day and one by night. After spending the day with typical anti social Tiffany, at night I get to experience how soft, gentle and caring she really is. And I tell her so as kiss her flawless bare chest and she moans in pleasure from my kisses. At first she is really insecure about having sex together because she says she wants to get tested again for my own safety, to show me that she doesn't have any diseases, but I soon manage to convince her that she doesn't need to do that because I believed her when she said she had already been tested. The second and third times are wild, as if she were an Amazonian woman from exotic places. When we wake up the next day we continue our running routine, as if nothing happened the night before, and afterwards we go to the gym my brother got me the membership for. I work out for an hour and a half whilst she watches me because she says she enjoys it. There are no more violent outbreaks from either of our sides, and I get hopeful because I know that if I'm able to control my behavior then I won't need more meds and my life will return to normal, so I will be able to lead a normal life with Tiffany. After a full month, Cliff finally tells me to stop coming to therapy. He says he does not see a reason why I need it anymore, and I get both sad and happy because although I know it means a normal life and I will see Cliff with the Asian Invasion, it also means I won't have the weekly chats with Cliff and that somehow gets me in a sad mood. He also tells me he will reduce my medication considerably and that if I do well enough I should be out of meds in another month or so. When I tell Tiffany about this, she kisses me and laces her arms around me so I can't move. She also tells me I should start looking for a job so we can start saving money to rent a place of our own. I ask her why we need a place of our own when she has her garage, but she tells me she wants to be away from everyone, including her parents. Now that she has me she doesn't need them the same way she did before. Besides, she says, there is a professional dance studio next to a town that's a few miles from here, and she'd really like to rent a house close to it so she can perhaps start working as a dance instructor too. When I tell Mom about our plans, she bursts into tears and tells me it is just exactly what she had been hoping would happen when I got out of the bad place. I am shocked beyond speech when she pulls out an envelope and tells me that inside it I will find all the money I need to pay the upfront deposit of a rented house plus enough to allow us to buy new furniture too. I ask her if Dad knows about this and she says it was him who made her give it to me so soon because apparently they were going to wait until Tiffany's birthday, which is April 17th, to give it to us. And so Tiffany and I embark on a house hunt and a month later we find this small but perfect house on the same town that Tiffany had suggested to me and we end up moving there within the week. Now, I am finally off my meds and I can tell you that I have never been happier because not being on my meds allowed me to look for and find a high school teaching job on a school nearby, which I should mention I was lucky enough to get because with my history you could say it could have been harder. Our new house is small but cozy; it has two rooms plus a small living room, a kitchen and one bathroom. My favorite part is a brown couch which we have on the living room because it is really comfortable and it reminds me of my sessions with Cliff and how I would choose the brown couch only if I wasn't feeling depressed, which has not happened in a while.[Chapter 7] A/N: I might or might not have stolen a few scenes from the movie and adapted them into my fic... I AM MORE THAN HAPPY TO COMPLY June, 5, 2007 Tiffany and I fall into a routine. The first couple of weeks we wake up around 6:30am, get changed into running clothes and run for our usual five miles. The new neighborhood where we live is great, actually. Everything is really safe so I don't panic that some bad men will beat me senseless again. Besides, Tiffany tells me that she'll protect me if that ever happens, and even though I know I am stronger than her because I am a man, I believe her. When we finish running, I go downstairs to the basement and do some weight-lifting. Our new basement is smaller than the one my parents have, which is why I don't have as many apparatuses as I did before, but nevertheless I like it because it allows me to keep fit. I should mention I don't do as much work out time as I used to, because now that I have lost all my extra weight I don't need it, and I like to spend the rest of the day with Tiffany. So I just do around twenty minutes or so, and then go back upstairs to have breakfast, which Tiffany normally cooks. We spend the rest of the day watching TV, laying around, playing Parcheesi, or having sex if she's in one of her crazy moods. Sometimes, we'll go out on the little backyard we have, plug in some music and just dance. She loves it because she says she doesn't want to lose the special dance connection we have, and I agree. After two weeks, I start my new job as a history high-school teacher. The school is a couple of miles away from our house, and since we don't have a car it means I have to walk, but I don't mind it because it gives me the chance to do some work out on the way there. And a week after that, Tiffany is finally given an opportunity to work as a dance instructor with the small dancing studio near our house. Every night we sleep on the bed together, like an old married couple, and every morning I am always the first one to wake up. I should also mention that our sex life is pretty great. Tiffany is on the pill which allows us to have sex every other night without worrying about protection, and because we have such hectic nights we usually end up falling asleep on each other's arms, which I love. In the mornings, I get out of bed, take a shower and get dressed. When I come out, I find Tiffany already in the kitchen, making breakfast. She usually never finishes by time I am done, so no matter what she's making, I take over from her and finish cooking breakfast, unless she decides we'll have cereals that day, which I don't mind. When I take over, it is her turn to go away and have a shower, or simply get dressed. She is always back when I am finishing breakfast, so we lay the table and eat. I like this because it resembles the relay races I used to watch as kid, and it feels great to be part of a team with Tiffany because I never used to be a part of a team with Nikki, and I think this is a good thing. After that, we say our goodbyes and leave for work. I like my new job and my new school. The kids are nicer than in the last one and all my co-workers are very polite and understanding towards me. There is this woman though, her name is Wendy and she must be a couple of years younger than me, but she is always extra nice to me. It makes me think that she wants to have some kind of affair with me, but I know that will never happen because if she ever tries anything I will just tell her that I am in a very serious relationship with a woman I love. Ever since Nikki cheated on me I have learnt what it's like to be hurt, and I don't ever want to hurt Tiffany so I am working hard to make sure I value our relationship together, because I don't want to blow my chance with her like I did with Nikki either. Every Sunday, Tiffany and I take the train back to Collingswood to visit our parents. Mostly we go back to my parent's place because Mom always cooks something for us, like her famous crabby-snacks or something of the kind. Ronnie, Veronica and little Emily sometimes join us, and we have a nice family dinner. Even Dad joins us for those, which is a huge improvement in our relationship, let me tell you. I know it has to do a lot with the new football season –because the Eagles have been winning a lot- but nevertheless it feels nice to finally have Dad be a part of our family again. When we are not visiting my parents on a Sunday, we stop by Ronnie and Veronica's place and spend the day there, or we visit Tiffany's parents. My relationship with her parents started out with some tensions, but now we are okay. They really like that I can make their daughter happy, and I tell them I am more than happy to comply. On the 28th of May we get a phone call to our house, which is pretty strange since nobody usually calls us that much. I offer to pick up the phone, but Tiffany says she's \"got it\". I go over to the living room, where she is, and overhear her part of the conversation, although I don't think you can call it \"overhearing\" if the other person knows you're there. \"Hey V,\" I hear her exclaim, and that's how I know that the person calling is her sister, because Tiffany usually calls her 'V' although I don't understand why if her full name is 'Veronica'. I sit down on the brown couch and listen to the conversation. \"Yeah… Emily? Yeah… Uhm let me think, the 5th? … Sure… yeah sure I'll ask him… Yeah I know don't worry, I'm sure we can pull off something… Sure. Okay bye… bye.\" \"Was that Veronica?\" I ask when she is done, even though I already know the answer. \"Yeah,\" she says, \"She called to invite us over to Emily's second birthday, the 5th of June.\" For a moment I am taken aback because I cannot believe little Emily is growing up so fast, even though she's still only two years old. \"She's turning two?\" I ask, in amazement. \"Yeah\" \"She's grown so fast!\" I exclaim. \"Of course she has. Babies don't stay little forever, Pat. Thank God we don't have to deal with that\" She says. Somehow, this bothers me a bit because I love little Emily, but also because she said 'Thank God' implying she doesn't like children. I don't know if like children myself, but I do know that I would at least like the idea of having a little daughter like Emily, and knowing that perhaps Tiffany doesn't share my idea saddens me. \"So, do we have something planned for the 5th or what?\" She asks. \"You sound as if you don't want to go\" I say. \"Of course I don't want to go, the house will probably be filled with children and I've already got enough of that in the dance studio. Plus Veronica will make such a huge deal of Emily turning two, like always, and it means I'll have to watch my behavior and the way I talk and I fucking hate it when someone restrains me.\" She puts her hand on her hip, which tells me she's annoyed that I asked that, but to be honest with you I thought she adored little Emily too, so I wasn't expecting this. \"But anyway\" she continues, \"It's a family event and my parents will probably reprimand me if I don't show up so not going is not an option. Plus your parents have been invited as well, which means you have to be there too. So, are you going check the calendar in the kitchen or do I have to do everything myself?\" I check the calendar and see that the 5th of June is a Saturday and that we are indeed free, so in the weeks following up to the event we spend our afternoons looking at possible presents that we can give to a two-year-old. Tiffany says we also have to get something for Ronnie and Veronica, but I disagree with her because the party is meant for Emily and not for them. Tiffany insists though, and she tells me how her sister is so very egotistical and will probably be expecting a present for all the effort she will put into the party, so in the end I relent and we end up buying three presents: one for Ronnie and Veronica and two for Emily. Finally the day comes, so we leave the house mid-morning because the party is meant to start at 3pm. I let Tiffany dress me, and I end up wearing a smart black suit, minus a tie because Tiffany couldn't agree on any that looked good on me. She is wearing a short black dress with a light jacket, and her legs are tight-less, which I love because over the past few months I have learnt to adore Tiffany's perfect legs. When we get there –to Ronnie and Veronica's house- her sister opens the door and greets us with a big hug each. \"I am so glad you could make it!\" she says, even though we called several times to let them know that we were coming. \"Hi V\" Tiffany says. \"Hi Veronica,\" I say, and then I pull out the orchid that we bought for them. \"This is for you\" \"That is lovely! An orchid? Wherever did you find it! We have been looking for one to put on top of the fireplace for ages!\" \"Just around\" Tiffany mumbles. \"Well thank you so much!\" Veronica says, and gestures us inside. \"Just you wait until I show Ronnie\" Inside I see that–contrary to what Tiffany had said—, the house is not full of little children running around. \"We'll celebrate another one next week, with all her friends, but we're keeping this one more like a family reunion.\" Veronica tells us. According to Tiffany, Emily's friends are simply Veronica's friends who have kids, not Emily's friends. I know this because I once I asked Tiffany how was it possible for a one-year-old to make friends, and she explained to me how Veronica is the one to force Emily to socialize with some of her friends' babies. In the living room, I see Ronnie with little Emily, Tiffany and Veronica's parents and my Mom. All of them exclaim \"Hello Pat!\" when they see me, but my mom is the only one to stand up and give me a big hug. Veronica shows Ronnie what we got them and in the meantime I see that Emily is dressed like a princess. She is wearing a pink sparkly dress with white tights and a tiara on her head, and she looks s cute that I can't help it when I go over to her, kiss her head and say \"Happy birthday Emily!\" Emily is so happy to see me that she screams, \"Pap!\" and lifts her arms towards me, which I guess means she wants me to lift her up so in the end I am spinning around the room with her. I don't go on for too long, though, because as much as I love to make Emily shriek and laugh, I know Veronica doesn't like it so I put Emily down after a couple of spins. But this somehow also makes me sad, because I wish that Emily was mine and that I could spin her around the room as many times as I wanted without having to worry about her parents. Then Tiffany, who has been watching all of the action from the door frame, comes inside the room and gives little Emily her present. \"Hey princess\" she says, kneeling down to give her a hug kiss on the cheek. \"Look at what we got you!\" The way Tiffany talks to Emily makes me fall in love with her even more, because she uses her really soft and really loving tone which she normally avoids and when I see them both together my heart grows bigger with love for Tiffany. It all looks really normal, like she is meant to be around children, or at least around Emily, and I make a point to let her know later. Tiffany hands both presents to Emily and as soon as they are in her hands, Emily starts to rip off the wrapping paper for both of them. The presents are a giraffe soft toy and a kids' puzzle. I only wanted to get the soft toy, but Tiffany said Veronica wouldn't like it if we only gave her the soft toy because she wants Emily to be a smart child and puzzles help in the development of children, so that's why we ended up buying two things instead of one. However, it looks like Emily doesn't mind, because she first opens the soft toy and then doesn't stop until she has opened the puzzle too, as if the thing that she was more excited about was the opening of the presents and not the presents themselves. We all laugh at this, because Emily doesn't appreciate the actual presents as much, but then Ronnie hands me a beer and we all become engaged on a conversation, sort of forgetting about Emily's reaction. Tiffany's parents talk to Tiffany and I about how things are going, my Mom talks about the excitement of summer and Ronnie and I end up talking about the football season whilst Veronica fuzzes over Emily and tries to maintain a conversation with Tiffany. I notice Tiffany doesn't say much during the whole time, but that doesn't worry me because she had warned me that she didn't like big family situations and would most likely be quiet throughout most of it. After a couple of hours Emily grows impatient so we bring the cake out, which has lots of small candles making out a big \"2\", and sing \"Happy birthday\" to her. We watch as she attempts to blow out the candles, but she misses out more than half, because her breath is so weak, so Tiffany, who is standing next to her, helps her to blow the rest. This again makes me think that Tiffany is always very mindful towards Emily and about how great it would be if Emily was our child, instead of Ronnie and Veronica's. We all get a piece of the cake –which has a princess on it, in keeping with the theme of the party—, and after a few more beers Veronica says little Emily has to start getting ready for bed. Tiffany, my Mom and I take this as our cue to leave, so we all stand up and say our goodbyes. To my surprise, Mom doesn't get emotional this time; on the contrary, she is beaming with happiness and her face looks radiant, almost shiny, which makes me think things really have improved this year and about how glad I am that everything is finally working out. On the porch outside, Mom asks \"Would you like me to drive you home?\" but Tiffany and I decline, knowing that my dad is probably already missing her back home. \"Okay\" she says, and then grins. \"I am so glad we were able to do this. Are you sure things are alright back home?\" she insists. \"Yeah\" Tiffany says. \"Yes, Mom\" I say, trying to make it sound as if it annoys me that she has to ask, even though it does not because I love the fact that my Mom worries so much about me. \"Well then, I guess I'll see you in a couple of weeks, right? You two take care.\" She embraces Tiffany, and I hear as she says \"God bless you, Tiffany\" She then pulls me into a hug and kisses my cheek, before walking off and getting into the car. Back at home, the first thing Tiffany and I do is go directly upstairs and get changed out of our clothes. I get changed mostly out of solidarity for Tiffany, so that she doesn't have to change alone, because she says she hates bras and the first thing she always does is to get them off as soon as possible. However, I also like my suit and I think that I better take it off before I ruin it somehow with dinner or something. Once we're both in a more comfortable wear –some sweat pants and loose t-shirts- we go downstairs and get started on dinner. At Ronnie and Veronica's place we already had some snacks and appetizers but none of that was substantial enough to pass as dinner, so we settle on having something light. When dinner's ready, we lay the table and that's when I mention the events of today to Tiffany. \"Emily looked really pretty today,\" I say. \"Huh? Oh yeah, I guess she did\" She replies half-absently because she is more focused on the food than on anything else. \"Do you think she liked the presents we gave to her?\" I press on, trying to make some conversation. \"How should I know? I have no idea how the minds of babies work, Pat.\" This comment irritates me a bit because it once again shows that she is not too keen on children, but you only had to look at her with Emily to know that she is great around them. So I try to tell her exactly this. \"You were really gentle with Emily\" I say. \"Well, I kinda had to be, didn't I?\" \"Yeah, but what I'm trying to say is that you have gotten very good at being with children, especially Emily, because I remember last year you couldn't even stand her and now you do and it looks really lovely, almost as if it was meant to be, you know?\" At this she stops eating and looks up from her plate. \"Pat, what are you trying to say?\" Her voice is like cutting-steel, and that's how I know I am walking on thin ice, so I just say \"nothing\" in an attempt to drop the subject before things get worse. \"Pat, what the fuck are you trying to say?\" She presses on, and stares at me hard. In the end, even though I do not want to upset her even more, I decide to tell her how I feel because I know Tiffany values honesty more than anything, and she won't be happy if she thinks I am holding something back from her. \"Nothing, I just…\" I sigh. \" Just that you're always so good with Emily and every time you two are together you get this look, so full of love and happiness, almost as if you were meant to be with her, and tonight it got me thinking because it would have been nice if Emily was ours and not Ronnie and Veronica's\" Tiffany is silent now, her mind evidently slowly understanding what I am getting at. \"Huh…?\" \"And you know,\" I continue, before she shuts me down. \"I never told you this before but, back when I was living my old movie, I used to watch Emily and fantasize about having a little daughter with Nikki because I just think baby girls are really cute. And tonight when I saw you with Emily I thought about how great it would be if we had children ourselves, because then I would get to love them and you would always be happy and I would be too…\" \"Are you serious?\" She puts her fork down and looks at me intensely \"Are you fucking serious?\" \"Tiffany—\" I start, but never get around finishing because she cuts me off. \"No! Oh my god… Pat, oh god…\" She bows her head so that she's not looking at me anymore. Since I know Tiffany really well now, I know this means she's angry at me so I try to apologize. \"Tiffany—\" \"What the fuck is this, Pat!? Are you telling me all of this was a lie?!\" \"Tiffany I didn't say that…\" \"Are you telling me that the only reason we're together is because you want to use me as your leeway for having a fucking child!?\" \"Tiffany…\" \"No! There is no way I am having this.\" She stands up and grabs her plate, which is still half-full. \"What am I to you, just some fucking vessel that you use and then throw away? Is this why you decided to give me, to give us, a chance?! So you could fantasize that our children would be Nikki's!?\" \"No, Tiffany I don't want that, I'm sorry I said that, I didn't mean it, I was just-\" \"Fuck you Pat!\" She throws the plate against the kitchen wall and it breaks into four triangular pieces, one of which bounces off the wall and ends up at my feet. The food –half a chicken fillet with some salad- falls on the kitchen counter, making a mess everywhere. The crash takes me so much by surprise that for two seconds I can't move. Tiffany, on the other hand, starts to run towards the entrance door. Suddenly I know exactly what she is going to do, and I don't like it. \"Tiffany!\" I stand up from the table and start shouting her name. \"Tiffany stop, I'm sorry!\" I run all the way to the entrance but I'm too late, because I see her grab a blue jacket, open the door and close it on my face. When I open the door, Tiffany already has a head start on me. I shout out her name several times, but she doesn't turn back. I could easily catch up with her because I am a man and run faster than her, yes, but I don't because I know that when Tiffany is angry she just needs some space and I need to give her that. So instead I go back inside the house and clean up the kitchen mess, hoping that she will come back soon and I can apologize for suggesting such a stupid idea in the first place.[Chapter 8] A/N: Short(ish) chapter again! I might keep this rhythm, actually. Long chapter followed by a short one. I don't know. Anyway, I needed to include something like this because despite everything, Tiffany still has deep trust issues and it's still badly broken (from having been used by all those men). In the movie Pat mentions she has a \"broken wing, but it's being mended\", and that's exactly what's happening here. Her wing is not fully healed, hence this. -Also, I can't write slurred speeches, so just use your imagination for that! I CAN FORGET THAT WE HAD A FIGHT AND SHE RAN AWAY AND THAT ANY OF THIS SHIT HAPPENED. June, 5, 2007 I wait for Tiffany for a very long time. Since she left around 7pm I don't get worried that anything bad will happen to her, because as I mentioned before our neighborhood is very safe. However, as much as I don't want it to happen, the irrational part of me slowly goes into panic when she's not back by 11pm. I think about calling her sister Veronica or even her parents, but I don't because I know that that will worry them if Tiffany isn't there. Instead, I get out some high school papers that I need to mark, sit on the brown couch –deliberately because I am trying to be hopeful— and patiently wait for her to show up. After marking about fifteen papers my eyes start to close because this past week has been so hectic and I've barely gotten any sleep. I don't want to take coffee or tea in case I stay up all night, but I also don't want to fall asleep before Tiffany is back so I end up going up and down the stairs several times to wake up. I think about how the fact that Tiffany left so suddenly bothers a lot, especially since she had promised not to do it again and yet now here she is breaking that promise. It's true that she hasn't done something like this for a very long time -as long as we've been together actually- but I still can't shake off the feeling that she let me and herself down somehow, since I have never, not once, reacted in this way before and she was the one to make the promise in the first place. And then I think that this is not fair on me, and that Tiffany should at least call if she is indeed staying with her family and that this is fucked up and I should have run after her and- I only register the broken glass when I accidentally cut my bare foot on it. Immediately I feel bad that I have allowed myself to get this way, especially because it had been so long since one of my episodes and Tiffany really liked the crystal figurine that I have just thrown and broken. I stop in my tracks and pick up the mess, thinking about how I'm going to need to explain this to Tiffany and that's probably going to make her angrier. When I'm done, I go to the living room, sit down and try to stabilize my breathing. After a while, I put on the TV and will Tiffany to come back. As crazy as this sounds, I actually close my eyes and start praying to God that Tiffany is OK and will come back soon, because I know that somewhere He is listening and can easily watch out for Tiffany. However, soon the clock is striking midnight and Tiffany is not back yet. I think about calling the police, or going out to look for her, but I don't want to make a scene and get a bad reputation with our neighbors because they are all really nice people –some of which I actually consider as friends. I then remember how one time Tiffany told me how she used to stay out all night, back when she was in her fog and having sexual intercourse with every possible man as a way to grieve Tommy, so I settle on waiting until 5am. I do this because I know that Tiffany has done this before in the past, and still managed to be OK. I still pray to God that she will indeed be OK, though, just in case. I am slowly falling asleep when I hear a crash coming from the front door. I look at the clock and see that it is 2am. I must have dozed off at some point because I don't remember putting on the movie which is showing on the television, and I also don't remember hearing any noises before the awful crash. Immediately I am up on my feet and running out of the room in case something bad is happening. I have a good idea of what it is though, and my suspicions are confirmed when I see Tiffany trying to get inside the house. \"Tiffany..!\" I exclaim, before I notice that something is off with her. She is leaning onto the doorway, trying to support herself, and she reeks of pure straight vodka. \"Oh, God, Tiffany…\" I make my way over to her but she pushes me away. \"Fuck off, Pat\" She throws a weak hand at me, almost as if I were a fly and she was trying to shoo me away. Because of this, I easily avoid it and then wrap my arms around her waist, trying to give her some support. \"I said fuck off!\" she shouts this time, and I have to do some manoeuvres in order to close the door so that the rest of the neighborhood will not hear. \"Tiffany, you're drunk. You're really drunk.\" My voice sounds tired and disappointed, as if I were talking to a five year old instead of a full grown woman. I remember my mother talking to me this way, back when I was living my old movie, but now I understand it because sometimes full grown adults can be so much like children that we need to talk to them as if they were exactly that. Instead of getting angry, like I used to do, Tiffany simply laughs. \"I should have known.\" She says. \"You're exactly the same as all the other men. You only want to use me.\" I am trying to walk with her to the sofa in the living room, but her un-coordination and un-cooperation make it all very difficult, let me tell you, and this is why I don't reply straight away to what she tells me. \"All this time I thought we had something real. I thought, seeing as it took us so long to get here and I spent so much time fucking planning everything, I thought we had a chance. But we don't. You're never gonna get over your Nikki\" Her speech is slurred and I have a hard time making out what she is saying. When I do, I try to tell her that she is wrong, that I don't love Nikki and that I am very sorry for suggesting that we have children, but she cuts me off, as usual \"Save it\" She says as she quickly turns around to face me. This move however makes her very nauseous, because next thing I know she is covering her mouth with her free hand. I take this as her cue to vomit, so I lift her off the ground and quickly carry her to the kitchen sink –since the only toilet is upstairs— and as soon as I put her down she starts to vomit. She stays like that for a good five minutes, and I gather her hair in my hands and hold it back so that she doesn't get any of the vomit on it. I remember back when I was in college I would never understand why the girls did this, until Nikki explained to me years later that it was because it's easy to get vomit in your hair and not so easy for it to come out. So I hold Tiffany's hair in a messy bun because I know she wouldn't like it if the vomit got to her hair. After she has stopped, I take her in my arms, this time with her head resting on my chest, and carry her to the sofa. Although she is very tired and I can see it in her eyes, she still tries to get away from my grasp. I use all my man strength to prevent this, and that's when she starts to scream and kick and shout out horrible things, as if suddenly coming awake. This only lasts for four second though, because after that her energy becomes drained. God, she's so drunk. I lay her down on the sofa, put a pillow under her head and take her jacket and shoes off. I go upstairs and grab a blanket and some Tylenol from the toilet cabinet. When I come back downstairs, she's fast asleep. I freeze, because Tiffany looks really beautiful like this, and for a moment I can forget that we had a fight and she ran away and that any of this shit happened. I lean down and kiss her forehead before I have to wake her up, and she sort of smiles in her sleep. I go to the kitchen and bring back a glass of water for her to take the pill with. \"Tiffany\" I nudge her couple of times, but nothing happens. \"Tiffany, wake up\" \"Go away…\" she manages to get out. But now that she's awake, I have to force her to take the pill and the glass of water. I tell her she needs to replace the fluids she's lost from the vomiting, but she still moans in disgust. Finally, I cover her body with the blanket I brought down and silently wish her a good night.[Chapter 9] I CAN SMELL BACON AND EGGS AND COFFEE AND BREAD June 6 th 2007 I try to sleep on the brown couch next to Tiffany, but my neck keeps throbbing and I can't get comfortable, so although I don't want to leave her alone, I end up going to the bedroom upstairs. In the morning, I wake up with a start. I look at the clock and see that it's later than I usually wake up, and I worry that something might have happened to Tiffany. When I check, she's still sound asleep on the sofa, and I relax. I keep hoping that when she wakes up, she won't remember anything from last night, and she won't remember she is mad at me. But deep down I know better than that. I get changed, go downstairs and start preparing breakfast. Once I finish, I wonder if I should wake Tiffany up, but I also worry that if I do she'll have a go at me, so in the end I eat alone and decide that if she wants some breakfast later on, I will cook it for her. Every Sunday, before taking the train to Collingswood, Tiffany and I have been doing a short running routine –less than five miles—, but this time I don't go because I don't want to leave her alone. Since we are not scheduled to meet with any of our families, I know Tiffany will be able to rest for the whole day, but I also know that I will likely spend it on my own. I wait for her to wake up, and in the meantime I finish marking the papers from last night. Finally, around mid-day, Tiffany wakes up. She groans almost as soon as her eyes open and her hand goes to her forehead, which lets me know she has a really bad hangover. I quickly fetch some water and offer her a glass. She tries to decline –which tells me she remembers what happened and is still angry— but I press on and in the end she gives up. After she's had some more water, she leans back on the couch and after a few seconds her breathing gets even, which means she's fallen back asleep. I know she should eat something because her stomach must be empty from last night, but I also want to let her rest because she needs it and because, if I am honest with you, I don't want to face her wrath when she wakes up. I cook lunch to the best of my abilities, because Tiffany is always the one to tell me what to do or help me if I need it whenever I'm cooking, but I still manage to do some pasta and it turns out really well, which makes me happy. When the clock says 1:30pm, I make up my mind about Tiffany, knowing right now she's in a very fragile state and that I am the one that has to look after her, which means I have to make sure she eats something. I go over to her and intent to shake her, but turns out she's already awake, just laying on the sofa, because before I can do anything she says \"Go away.\" Since she's clearly still in a very negative mood, I decide to do as I'm told. I go upstairs to give Tiffany some space, and start planning my lessons for this week. When I come back down, I can smell bacon and eggs and coffee and bread which means Tiffany is in the kitchen and having breakfast. I relax a little, because it means that at least she's not being self-destructive and is putting food into her system. I go to the kitchen, and see her seating there, calmly eating the food. Her hair is a mess, but I notice it doesn't have any vomit on it and I am proud to have held her hair like that last night. Tiffany does not look at me, but I decide to give it another shot. \"I'm sorry\" I say. She doesn't react. \"Tiff. I'm sorry about what I said last night. Please don't be angry.\" She continues to eat her food, forgetting that I am here. \"It was a stupid idea. And I am over Nikki. And I do love you. And nothing's ever going to change that, okay?\" Suddenly she stands up and leaves the room. This makes me sad because it means she's still very much angry at me, and I worry that she will give me the silent treatment for the rest of the week, because I really don't want that to happen. Upstairs, I can hear the shower going on, and then everything starts to get worse. I worry that Tiffany will never want to speak to me again. I worry that this is it and I've blown my chance with her like I did with Nikki, all because of a silly idea. I worry that I have let my parents down, specially my mother, and that Tiffany will ask me to move out of the house and Mom will not let me stay at her house because she is angry that I blew my chance with Tiffany and Ronnie and Veronica will blame me too and so will Tiffany's parents and the rest of the world will hate me forever and how could I have been so fucking stupid and— I need to get out. I am running out of the house before I have another of my episodes. I run for a long time, so long that when I come back the sun is almost completely down. When I step back inside the house, I am much calmer. The running helped and I see things clearer now. I notice Tiffany is back on the sofa, her hair in a ponytail and with different clothes, watching some TV. I realize that all my thoughts were wrong, because if she hasn't left me already it means she doesn't plan to, she's simply still angry. Knowing her like I do, I have a feeling she'll be like that for a couple of days, and then she'll start talking to me again and everything will go back to normal. So this time I don't try to apologize at all. Instead, I go upstairs, have a shower and get in bed. I pick up one of the books Tiffany suggested that I read, called Brave New World, and read until it's way past dinner time. The book is about a dystopian society that has figured out how to apply the process of mass production to actual human beings and everyone is divided into five categories and there's a lot of characters which talk in a funny way because the novel takes place in Britain, and not anywhere in America. Although it's really weird because they never mention God's name (even when saying the regular 'oh my God') I get hopeful that there will be a silver lining towards the end and the book will have a happy ending. I glance at the clock, which says 10pm, go down, and notice that all the lights are off and Tiffany is already sleeping (or pretending to sleep) in the living room. I want to tell her that she can have the bed if she wants to, but I know that she'll just reject my offer anyway so I don't attempt anything. I go to the kitchen to get something to eat, but since I don't want to wake her up in case she's really asleep, I end up having some cereals, and then go back upstairs and try to sleep. The rest of the week goes exactly as I had feared. I wake up every morning just to find that Tiffany is already in the shower, so I have to make breakfast all by myself. When I finish, I wait for her to join me, but she never does. She simply gets ready and then leaves for her morning shift at the studio, where she helps out in the dance lessons for adults. I do the same, and leave for work every morning hoping that when I come back she'll be ready to talk to me again. But she doesn't. Since Tiffany has now been appointed to lead the afternoon dance sessions –where she teaches ballet with a mixture of modern dance to little kids— I usually come from work way before she does. I get started on dinner, but whenever Tiffany gets back, she never joins me. The first couple of days I remain positive, because I know she usually cools down after two days, but when Wednesday comes along and she still hasn't spoken to me, I start to get worried. Once or twice I actually try to make conversation with her, about the weather or her work because I have a feeling she will scream if I try to apologize again, but she still ignores me. Thursday and Friday come and go, and still nothing. On Saturday, knowing that there is no way Tiffany will want to spend it together, I wake up, get changed and go on a run. I must run for at least seven miles, because when I get back my leg is throbbing so much that I can barely walk and that tells me I have overworked it. Still, I have a shower and then continue my day as the rest of the week has been. At some point I hear Tiffany leave the house, but I don't worry because I know she'll be back soon. Since Sunday, she hasn't run away like that. When she's not back by dinner time, I get started on it myself. I try to cook an Asian-style stir fry, since we have one of those 'ready to serve' packets and because it reminds me of Cliff –who I haven't seen for a few weeks because I haven't been to an Eagles game recently— but somehow I end up burning it a bit. It still tastes nice though, and I sit down to eat myself, thinking tonight will be another lonely night, when the most wonderful thing happens. Tiffany, back from her run, comes into the kitchen, serves herself a plate of rice and sits down to eat with me. I look up at her, but she's engrossed in the food, or perhaps simply ignoring me. So I play along and say nothing. After a while, she finally speaks. \"Did you make this?\" She asks. \"Yeah, from one of those 'ready to eat' meals\" I say, a bit wary of how she's going to react. \"It's burned\" She says, but her tone is soft instead of rude or blunt. \"I know. I don't know how that happened.\" She continues to eat in silence, and I start to think that this will be it and she won't speak o me for another week, when she says, \"Thanks for the Tylenol, it really helped.\" I keep silent for a few seconds, not knowing what to say because I have a feeling that if I say the wrong thing, I'll blow everything again. But then she looks up at me, with her gorgeous green eyes and I can see she is begging me to speak so end the end I can't stand I and say, \"I'm sorry, I was a fool, I shouldn't—\" \"No\" She cuts me. I think she is going to get mad at me and tell me to shut up or something, but she continues. \" I'm sorry.\" Since it takes me by surprise, I remain silent, and she takes it as her cue to continue. \"I shouldn't have run away like that.\" She sighs. \"Partly of why I didn't want to talk to you is because I was mad at myself that I broke the promise I made you, and I knew I had to apologize and you know I hate that. So I guess I'm sorry twice over –once for running away like that, and twice for not apologizing sooner.\" \"No Tiffany, I shouldn't have suggested that, it was a stupid idea and I want you to know that I love you, not the idea of having children with you. I had never thought of that before, not even when we got together. I love you, I love your eyes, your nose, your lips, your face, your hair, your legs… I love the way you look at me in the mornings, I love the way we dance together and you always end up throwing us both on the ground to kiss me, I love the way you arch your eyebrow when you tease me\" She smiles at this. \"I love how you smile when I say I love you. Tiffany, I love you , and nothing's ever going to change that, okay? Even if we never have kids and instead we grow old side by side, I will still love your beautiful, crumpled self.\" She laughs a little, and I know that there is hope and everything will be saved. \"It's okay,\" she tells me. \"I get it. I just… have some trust issues, which is why I reacted like that, but I'm working on them. Besides, I have a hard enough time taking care of myself… I don't want to have to take care of a child too. Can you understand that, Pat?\" I tell her that of course I do, and that I hadn't thought things through when I said that because I am an idiot who has no filter, and she laughs. She looks so beautiful when she does this, that I stand up and plant a kiss on her lips, and when she doesn't pull away I smile inside. She leans deeper into the kiss and then we are both panting, wanting more, more. It feels like it's been so long since we last were together that we stumble as we make our way upstairs, unable to get enough of one another. As I lay her semi-naked self on the bed, I realize I am lucky to have such a wonderful woman into my life, and I promise myself I will try to never upset her again.[Chapter 10] A/N I don't know anything about American football, and I'm not a fan either, but since this was so big in the book I felt that I would never make justice to this fanfic if I didn't have at least one football chapter. So here it is! I found a way to make everything fit, though. Hope you enjoy! THE EAGLES SCORE A GOAL AND MY DAD STANDS UP AND DOES THE EAGLES CHANT AND WE ALL HAVE TO DO THE SAME June, 28, 2007 \"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!\" My dad says as soon as we enter into the living room. I look around and see that my brother Jake is here already, and he also stands up and says \"Ahhhhhhh\" so I put both hands in the air and say \"Ahhhhhhhhh\" and then all three of us do the Eagles chant, spelling the letters with our bodies –E-A-G-L-E-S! EAGLES!— and when we finish we start to sing the fight song and I look around I see that everybody is smiling. Today is an Eagles game day, the first one from the Summer season, and Jake and Caitlin are here specially to celebrate that and to have a nice family Sunday. Over the past few months, Tiffany has become tolerant of my love for football. She never joins me when it's game day, or when I go to the stadium with the Asian Invasion, but one time my brother suggested we go for beers after the game and I called Tiffany to let her know this and she didn't mind, which was a very good thing, let me tell you, because Nikki would have never reacted that way. However, since this Sunday is a special day because my brother is here and has brought his wife who is back from touring, and Mom wanted a nice family day, I managed to convince Tiffany to tag along. When we finish singing, my brother comes over and is the first to hug me. Then he goes to greet Tiffany whilst I say hello to Caitlin and let her give me another hug, which is a big deal because although I have grown more tolerant of people touching me, I still don't like to be touched by anyone except Tiffany, Mom or Jake. Dad doesn't come to greet me, instead he calls all of us over to the sofa and we end up complying. Out of the corner of my eye, I can see Tiffany and Caitlin exchanging greetings, and then they both go over to the kitchen where I am sure my mom is cooking something special for game day. Mom comes back just before the game starts, and she pulls me into an awkward hug because I am sitting down and she's standing up, but I can see that she doesn't have her hand on her mouth which means she's not about to cry; instead, she's smiling and her voice is sort of high pitched, meaning she's very happy. \"Oh Pat! How nice that you could make it!\" she says. \"I know Mom. Did you greet Tiffany already?\" I ask. \"Yes, she's in the kitchen helping me with the snacks.\" \"She doesn't like to watch football\" I tell her. \"I know, Patty.\" She says. \"Okay you two shut it up, the game is about to start\" My dad says, and then Mom leaves the room and the game starts and we do the Eagles chant again alongside all the people from the stadium on the TV. My dad is very enthusiastic today because he keeps saying things like \"This is going to be the best season ever\" or \"The luck is on our side this time\", but I can sense that Mom, Jake and I are all a bit worried of how he will react if the Eagles lose the game. Nevertheless, the first half goes great and Richard Edwards, who everybody says is the new man now, scores a touchdown and my brother gets really happy and so does my dad. Jake tells me he will get me an original Richard Edwards jersey so that I can be the man too, since Hank Baskett stopped being the man a long time ago and my old jersey is very outdated. I try to tell him not to, but he insists and deep down I am grateful. I can hear Tiffany and Caitlin trying to have a conversation in the kitchen, but they are both so different that after a while they fall silent and then Mom is talking to Tiffany again and Caitlin comes to the living room and sits down next to Jake, joining in the chant whenever the Eagles score a goal. At half time, Mom brings in her famous crabby snacks plus some BBQ ribs and beers and we finish it all within a couple of minutes because we were all starving. Tiffany joins us for this, and she sits next to me and then leans into my shoulder once she's had enough food. This little movement reminds me of the way a jealous feline might show possessiveness over her mate, but I know Tiffany is not the jealous kind –not since I promised I would never cheat on her— and that she's simply doing it out of love. My brother, my dad and I start talking about football, and Caitlin tries to join in but mostly just listens. Tiffany remains silent throughout all of it, and I know that I am a very lucky man because with her hatred for football you could say she's a very tolerant person and must love me more than she lets on. Everybody seems to be having a good time, especially my dad because the Eagles are winning, but then suddenly Tiffany stands up and runs to the toilet, with her hand covering her mouth. Everybody stops talking for a few seconds but my mom follows after Tiffany so that we don't have to worry about her being alone. However, I still worry because this is not the first time that this has happened. Over the past few weeks, Tiffany has thrown up a few times after eating something that normally would be okay. At first I thought it was food poisoning, because to be honest with you the times she vomited were the times we ate outside or had something that was nearly out of date, but since she didn't show any other symptoms and yet the vomiting persisted, I then started to think it might a vomiting virus. I remember reading somewhere that it can last for several weeks, so I think it must be this and then make a point to convince Tiffany later to go see a doctor. When she comes back, I can hear her conversation with my Mom. \"It's okay, Jeanie, really. It was the milk this morning, I shouldn't have had that but I didn't realize it was out of date\" I hear Tiffany say. \"Are you sure?\" My mom looks worried. \"It might have been the sauce from the ribs, I told Patrick not to get the cheap one but you know how men are, rarely ever listen to what we have to say…\" \"No, it's okay, I'm fine. Besides, if it was the sauce then everybody would be throwing up. Jeanie, it's fine, it was the milk, honestly I'm so sorry…\" \"But—\" \"Mom\" I say, because I know my mother needs a lot of reassurance when she thinks she's made a mistake and I can see Tiffany is losing a bit patience with her. \"It was the milk. I was also feeling ill this morning, but you know how I have stomach made of iron\" \"I suppose so…\" \"Why don't we go outside? Perhaps the heat here just made everything worse\" Caitlin says, and then Jake agrees with her and soon we are all outside doing some catches. Jake, my dad and I are the ones to play and after a few catches Caitlin joins us, but although I enjoy it my heart isn't fully into it because I am still worried about Tiffany. After a while Mom says halftime's nearly over, so we go back inside and sit down to watch the game. However, things don't go as well as we expected. The other team starts off really well and soon they have nearly caught up with the Eagles' score. Everybody starts to get really tense because Dad starts cursing and swearing very loudly, but we keep hoping that Rick Edwards will score another touchdown and the Eagles can keep their scores up. It is in the middle of the second half when Tiffany nudges me and softly asks if she can speak with me, so soft that I have to concentrate to hear it, but when I register what she's saying I see my dad looking very angrily at us so I have to tell Tiffany that I can't talk right now, and it'll have to wait. This however gets her in a bad mood, because she says \"Fine\" and walks off. I can see Caitlin unsure of whether to follow her or not, but suddenly the Eagles score another goal and my dad stands up and does the Eagles chant and we all have to do the same. Even though I try my hardest to remain positive throughout the rest of the game, Tiffany remains in the back of my head –not literally, just metaphorically speaking— and I can't shake off the bad feeling that settles on the pit of my stomach. When the game ends, the Eagles win 17-13, which is a very close win, but it's enough for my dad to stand up and throw his fists in the air and for the rest of us to follow him, and then we dance and sing the fight song and hug each other celebrating the Eagles' win. Once everybody settles down, I look for Tiffany but she is nowhere to be seen. I can see from the window that it's getting late and that we better go back home because we both have to work tomorrow, but I can't find Tiffany. \"Mom, Mom! Where's Tiffany?\" I ask. My mother comes over. \"I think she wasn't feeling too well and went upstairs\" \"Upstairs? What is she doing?\" I ask, but I don't wait for her to finish because I am already half way up the stairs before she can say anything. \"Tiffany!\" I shout. I see her come out of what used to be my old room, and I notice that her hair is a mess and her eye-make up is a bit smudged. I get so worried that the first thing I ask is \"Are you okay?!\" but she waves me away and says she's fine. \"Is the goddamn game finished?\" She asks me, a little too brusquely. \"Yeah\" \"Well can we go now?\" \"Yeah\" I say. I follow her down the stairs, but once we're at the hall I ask what she was doing upstairs. \"I was tired Pat, you know I told you I didn't slept well last night. I was resting my eyes, okay?\" She looks at me and her eyes are cold, which means she's annoyed that I didn't listen to whatever she had to say before. I am about to reply that I can't remember her saying that she was tired or that she had a rough night, but my mom comes into the room so for her sake I end up saying \"okay\". Jake and Caitlin are going home too, so we all say our goodbyes and walk to the train station together. Caitlin tries to talk about music with Tiffany –since Tiffany has to use a lot of it for her dance routines—but Tiffany mostly ignores Caitlin or gives monosyllables responses. Jake and I talk about the game, and about how lucky it was that we won and that even Dad was in a good mood and how great that was, but in the end since we're taking different trains we have to say goodbye at the platform, and I get a little anxious because I can sense Tiffany's mood and I really don't want to be left alone with her just yet. At home, just like I predicted, Tiffany is in a very bad mood. Since we are now alone, I try to get her to tell me what she wanted to say earlier today, but she says it's \"nothing\". \"Tiffany…\" I insist. \"I said it was nothing, Pat. It's fine. Just forget about it, okay?\" \"Tiffany, I'm sorry, I just couldn't get away from dad because otherwise he would have been really angry and me and—\" \"I said it was fine!\" She shouts. This tells me she's proper angry now, so I don't press on. We have some dinner as usual, and although she sits down with me and isn't giving me the silent treatment, she's still not saying much. In the bedroom, when we're both getting ready for bed, I decide to try one last time because I remember one of the reasons my marriage with Nikki didn't work is because I never listened to her, so even if it means Tiffany will scream at me, I have to give it a try because now I know women like to be listened. \"Tiff, you can talk to me, you know?\" I say as I prepare the bed. I think she is going to ignore me, but then she laughs and says \"Oh really? Are you sure you wouldn't rather watch some fucking Eagles game instead of listening to what I have to say?\" \"Of course not!\" I insist, \"Tiff you will always come first—\" \"Yeah, I'll always come first after the Eagles\" \"No, I mean it, you know I always listen to you, but my dad—\" \"You know what? Fuck you\" She hurries out of the room, goes inside the toilet and slams the door shut. \"Tiffany, I'm sorry!\" I shout to make sure she can hear me from the other side of the door. But I don't say anything else, because as you know when Tiffany is angry she just needs some time. Instead, I get changed into my night wear and patiently wait for her to come back. Around ten minutes later, she does, but I can see straightaway that something's wrong. \"Tiff, you okay?\" I sit up on the bed, ready to run towards her in case anything happens. I see she's crying, and I get even more worried because I think that I must have upset her way too much and then I want to kick myself for being such an idiot and putting my dad's priorities first, instead of Tiffany's, specially knowing what a huge deal it was for her to come to game day when she hates football. Tiffany slowly gets on the bed and then curls her arms around me, still crying. I lay us both back on the bed and then stroke her silky black hair, like I love doing. \"Shh\" I say. \"Tiff, I'm sorry, I promise next time I'll listen to you, okay?\" When she doesn't respond, I continue to stroke her hair, and then her back, in the hope that she will calm down soon. After a while, she finally looks up at me. Her eyes are covered in tears, and I want to plant a kiss in both of them because I hate to see Tiffany cry like this, especially knowing I was the reason for it. \"Pat…\" She says softly. I wait for her to continue. \"Pat, I love you. Do you love me?\" Her voice is trembling, and she looks so vulnerable at this moment that I again want to beat myself up for making a wonderful woman such as Tiffany upset. \"Of course I do, Tiffany. I have loved you since the moment I met you\" I say, and as I say it I realize it is true. All the times where I thought I was angry at Ronnie for talking bad about Tiffany, all the times when I defended her, when I looked out for her during my runs, when I tried my hardest to make her happy in our dance routine –all those times I thought I was doing it because she was my friend, and she was going to be my liaison. But it is now that I realize it was because I was in love with her, and I have always known it but never been aware of it. This seems to calm Tiffany a bit, because she smiles, but then tears are falling from her eyes again and she rests her head on my chest, until her breathing gets even and slowly, we both fall asleep.[Chapter 11] A/N I agonised writing this chapter. For real. Y'all better thank InfinityxInfinity95 cause she's the one that kept me going. Oh and go check out her stories! She also writes for SLP and her fics are pretty awesome. Anyway, enjoy! HEALTHY RELATIONSHIP July, 1, 2007 The next couple of days are a blur. Ever since Sunday, Tiffany starts acting weird around me, almost like she expects me to turn on her go back on my words and say I don't love her anymore. On Monday, the strangest thing happens. I can sense the events from the night before playing on our minds, but although I am dying to ask her what is the thing that she wanted to tell me during the football match, I don't dare to because I have decided to give her time. So instead we end up having a normal, quiet breakfast. That is until I mention that I have a meeting after work and that I'll be late for dinner because of it. This is something I had mentioned a couple of weeks earlier, but instead of remembering that, Tiffany freaks out, drops the blue mug she was holding and it falls on the floor, shattering into pieces. I am a little shocked by this, but then she says, \"oh god, you're having an affair\" and her voice is trembling and I can see her eyes watering. I try to tell her that I'm not, that she knows I would never cheat on her because she is the most wonderful thing that has ever happened to me, and that I love her more than she will ever understand; but then she starts to shout that I am a liar and that I don't love her and that she should never have trusted me, all the while tears are streaming down her face. Then suddenly she starts to hyperventilate, and I get worried that this will be something more serious, but when I try to grab her to soothe her down she avoids my grasp and a few seconds later she is out of the door before I can stop her. I of course have a déjà vu moment because it feels like I am relieving the events of the night of Emily's birthday, but this time it's different. Instead of running away because she's angry, this time Tiffany looks really scared, and as much as I hate to admit this, it scares me too. That evening, I can't concentrate during the staff meeting and end up contributing nothing at all towards it, which I don't like because I like to be a functioning member or the school staff and I can't do that if I don't contribute ideas in the meetings. When I get home, I find some dinner leftovers in the kitchen, but Tiffany is nowhere to be seen. Somehow, I sense that she's upstairs in bed already, so I don't panic. Once I am finally ready for bed, I notice that Tiffany is already sleeping, or pretending to sleep, so we don't get a chance to talk to each other. The next morning, Tiffany is up early. She spends a long time in the bathroom, so long that I am done with breakfast by the time she gets back. She is wearing a lot of makeup –more than usual— however I can still see the awful circles under her eyes despite her attempts at covering them. I also notice her eyes are red, but when I ask if she slept well, she replies \"don't you need a shower too?\" I reluctantly go shower, and when I come back Tiffany is finished and ready to leave for work. I think she is going to storm out, like she did the day before, but then she says \"I'll see you tonight\" and exists the house and I am left standing in the hallway not knowing what to do. At first, a part of me wants to get angry at Tiffany, but then I remember that a long time ago Nikki explained to me how a woman's menstrual cycle works and I figure Tiffany must be on her period right now, and that that is probably what she was trying to tell me on Sunday and why she has been acting so weird recently because I know that whenever Tiffany is on this time of the month she always gets a bit like this. So I decide not to give it much more thought and to be supportive and understanding, like I always am, because this time of the month is always the hardest for her. At work, though, the unusualness of the whole situation unsettles me. It is better than the day before, but somehow there is something that doesn't make sense, because out of all the times I've seen Tiffany on her period, this is definitely the weirdest. I think of how she's never cried this much in all the time I've known her, let alone two days straight. I also think about the circles under her eyes, which means she's been having bad nights, but she will not tell me about them, and in the end I am worrying so much that I nearly miss my colleague's invitation for lunch. Back at home, we have a quiet dinner where none of us says anything. I then go to the living room and part of our routine is that she'll usually come over and lay on my chest and I'll put my arms around and we'll watch some TV, but she goes directly upstairs and I end up watching a stupid TV program on my own. The following morning, things play out pretty much the same the same way. I spend the whole day worrying about Tiffany and her behavior and about how there's probably something that she's not telling me, and I don't like it. When we got together and told our therapists about it, they recommended to share as many things with each other in order to have a healthy relationship and 'make it work', as Cliff said, because as I said before the lack of communication between me and my ex-wife lead us to be apart. Even though Cliff is not my therapist anymore, and Dr Lily discharged Tiffany a few months after I stopped seeing Cliff, we still use their techniques on how to cope with stress, anxiety and each other. The way Cliff used to said 'make it work' used to annoy me a bit because it looked like he was saying we wouldn't be able to 'make it work' or that we didn't how to, but now I can see he had a point because Tiffany and I have been sharing everything up until now and now that she's not everything feels wrong and I don't like it. When I come home from work, I find that Tiffany is already home. Her purse is on the side table and her coat on the door hanger. This is weird, I think. Tiffany has a toddlers class on Wednesdays where she handles the smallest children and that means she is never back from work before me. And yet, here she is. But just as I am about to say something about it, I go into the living room and I find her curled up on the black couch, looking into space as if paralyzed by fear. Her eyes are red and puffy, they way they become after you have cried a lot, and unless I'm imagining it I think I can see a trail of dry tears on her face. She doesn't look up when I come in. She doesn't move at all. \"Tiffany, are you okay?\" I ask. When she doesn't respond I move closer to her and start to get a little worried. I think perhaps she is worried about work, perhaps she was fired and that's why she's here so early, but even though I ask her several times what's wrong, she still does not answer. \"Tiffany, goddamn it please tell me what's wrong!\" My voice comes out a little brusquely, and I brace myself for her usual stream of curses, but they don't come, and I worry. \"Do you remember the night of Emily's birthday? When I ran away?\" She says calmly, which takes me by surprise because I was expecting her to shout at me. \"Well, I did a lot of thinking, before I got wasted drunk and came back home. I thought about us, which is funny since it seems like I am always the one having to think about any big decisions because somehow you've always got things figured out.\" I try to tell her that that is not case, but she ignores me. \"And I thought about what you said, about having children.\" She stays silent for a while, and I don't interrupt her because I have a funny feeling I know where this is going, and I'm not sure how I feel about it yet. \"I thought long and hard. I think deep down I realized you were right, but that day I was still pretty mad… at me… at you… so in the end I stopped thinking and got drunk instead. Typical me, huh? Over the course of the following week though, my mind kept going back to what you had said, and I couldn't shake the idea out of my head. What if we had children? What if it was a good thing? What if…? Just the 'what if' was enough to drive insane, even though technically I still am.\" She sighs, and I stay silent. \"Finally, on Saturday, before coming back home, I made up my mind about the whole issue. I was going to apologize to you, and I was going to let God and the universe decide. I was not going to take the pill for one day. Just one day.\" She looks at me, \"I don't keep track of my menstrual cycle. I don't know which days are my fertile ones. I had no idea what would happen if I did not take the pill. I just thought…\" Her voice trembles at this point. \"I thought… maybe I'll get lucky and not… you know. If that's what God wants. Maybe he'll think I'm not ready and nothing will happen.\" Her eyes fill with tears, and I have to stop myself from her clutching tightly against my chest. \"I thought everything was fine\" She goes on. \"I continued taking the pill after that, I thought that that would somehow counteract everything… but then I started throwing up and I knew. I just knew, but I didn't—I didn't want to, and I just…\" She starts to shake her head frantically. \"I don't know what I wanted,\" she says. \"Tiffany what are you trying to say?\" \"I…I'm…\" She tries to tell me, but she ends up shaking her head and getting out a little white stick with a similar shape of a pen, but thicker in diameter. She hands it to me, and I see that inside a little circle, there are two pink lines. And of course I know what it is. And it all makes sense now, why she's been acting so weird lately. Why she's been throwing up so much. Why she's been crying so much. What she wanted to tell me during the football match. It's so obvious I wonder how I didn't see it before. But despite everything that has happened, despite the evidence pointing in only one direction and the truth staring me at the face, I cannot believe this is real. I want to say the word out loud, I want to ask if this is true or not, but I cannot bring myself to do it. So I just stand there, paralyzed, afraid that if I'm wrong all my dreams will come crashing down. Afraid that if I'm not, they will come true, and I don't know if I am ready for that. \"Tiffany, what does this mean?\" I ask at last. \"What the fuck do you think this means, Pat!?\" She snaps, but then brings her hand to her mouth and her eyes fill with tears again and before I know it she's in my arms, crying, and I am comforting her one more time. There are so many things I wish I could say to her, but for some reason the words can't find their way out and instead I end up crying with Tiffany. When I pull away, I hold her face in my hands. God, she looks so worried it scares me. \"Tiffany\" I manage to get out, \"are you saying… are you saying you're…?\" but I can't finish the question because the minute the words are out I know that it's a stupid thing to ask since I already know the answer. However, Tiffany slowly nods and then the reality of the situation hits me. I'm going to be a daddy. I'm going to have a little Emily all for myself, or a little boy Tiffany and I will both love unconditionally, and there won't be any Ronnie or Veronica to tell me what or what not to do, and Mom will be so happy and Jake will be happy too and- \"I'm going to be a daddy!\" I exclaim as I stand up and start jumping up and down and throwing my fits against the air. I am so happy! I am so incredibly happy! After I calm down I look at Tiffany and see that she's not as enthusiastic as I am, which worries me a little especially since she is the one carrying the baby and she should be the most excited out of the two; but then I remember our conversation a few weeks ago, in the kitchen, and how she told me she didn't want children, and I get worried. \"Tiffany, are you alright?\" \"God made a mistake.\" \"What are you saying?\" I start to get really confused because I know that God does not make any mistakes and I thought Tiffany knew this and it overwhelms me. \"This must be a mistake, because I'm not ready. Pat, I'm not ready\" I stare at her for a few seconds, trying to make sense of what she is saying. \"What do you mean? Tiffany—\" \"I don't know!\" She says. She gives me a look which once again shows her vulnerability at this stage, and I want to beat myself up for reacting so euphorically and not thinking about Tiffany beforehand. We stare at each other for what seems like forever. \"I don't know, Pat.\" She repeats. She's biting her nails and I sense how anxious she is about the whole thing. I put both my hands on her shoulders and hope that somehow that will calm her down. \"Tiffany—\" \"I'm not ready to be a mom.\" She looks at me and in her eyes I see fear. For a while I don't know what to do. I know that Tiffany is wrong; every fibre of my body feels she is mistaken. I have seen Tiffany around kids lately and she's great with them. You can tell she has improved a lot from last year, especially since she doesn't even need a therapist anymore. It annoys me that she can't see this, and I want to tell her she's wrong and this will be great and we're going to be great parents. However, somewhere deep down I know I feel exactly the same way as her, and that just thinking about holding a fragile baby in my arms, after having broken so many fragile things in the past, is enough to scare the guts out of me. So instead of answering, I let my actions speak for themselves. I take Tiffany's hand and get her out of the couch. Her face reflects confusion, but I don't explain. I take the iPod from the table and put on some music. Slowly, I position her so that her head is resting on my shoulder and I am hugging her torso. Then the music starts, and everything feels right. This is where I'm meant to be, it is what I am meant to be doing. And nothing feels wrong anymore. I remember this is the woman who got me to give up football for an entire month, despite my doubts about it. This is a woman who perfectly choreographed a dance routine for us, and now frequently does the same thing for other people, including children. This is a woman who has opened up to me completely, who is not scared to admit she's weak, who's not afraid to cry in front of my anymore, or ask for help if she needs it. This is a woman who has improved so much in the past few months she almost seems like a different person; a woman who got me to face my deepest fears, and is slowly learning how to cope with hers. There is something great about all this, and I know that no other woman would be more prepared to deal with a baby after having gone through everything Tiffany has gone through, except for her. So I pull away, cup her perfect face between my hands and say, \"You're gonna be great.\" ","Summary":" A/N: Hello dear readers! This is the first fanfic that I've actually had the guts to upload simply "},{"Movie":"Cats Don't Dance","Title":"30 Worlds Royal Megaforce XXV-Cats Can Dance II","Author":"William Raymer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12826348","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 30 Worlds: Royal Megaforce, Episode XXV: \"Cats Can Dance, Part II\" by William \"Blissey\" Raymer Based on the Warner Bros. Feature Animation (as successor-in-interest to Turner Feature Animation) motion picture Cats Don't Dance Screenplay by Roberts Gannaway, Cliff Ruby, Elana Lesser and Theresa Pettingill Based on a Story by Sandy Russell Gartin \"Princess Rose\" and \"Scarlett Warrior\" concepts taken from the Sofia the First fan-fiction series The Scarlett Saga Created by Ben10Man Previously on 30 Worlds: Royal Megaforce ... The Enterprise began its mission to the Unaligned World of Cats Don't Dance by observing the near-destruction of the Mammoth Pictures studio lot—an incident attributed to future Scarlett Army Office of Special Projects commander Danny Goldsmith. That night, as Danny made plans to return to his hometown—his dreams of Hollywood stardom apparently crushed—William and Sofia watched as a bus driver made offensive comments about Danny's fellow animal actors. Just before William decided to reveal himself and possibly change history, Danny came to the realization that if he wanted to achieve his dreams, he needed to pick himself up and try again. To that end, Danny and friend Peebo \"Pudge\" Pudgemeyer quietly made their way to the Mammoth Pictures publicity department and secretly added the names of several of the animal actors to the list of those who were to get invitations to the world premiere of Lil' Ark Angel —the new Darla Dimple picture—a few days later. On the night of the premiere, William and the members of the Enterprise away team helped Danny and Pudge set up for the big performance they had planned for after the movie screening. However, the activity on the stage behind the movie screen reached the ears of Max, Darla Dimple's gargantuan bodyguard. After a fierce conflict, William and Danny were able to drive off Max. It was then that Pudge told Danny and William that the movie was over and that everyone was getting ready to leave. The time was now... CHAPTER ONE King William of Cinnabar and his away team—wife Queen Sofia, Princess Consort Mal of Auradon, Ferb Fletcher, Lieutenant Sito Jaxa and Scarlett Army Office of Special Projects operative Nick Stokes, resolved from a cloud of red mist alongside future OSP commander Daniel \"Danny\" Goldsmith and friend Peebo \"Pudge\" Pudgemeyer. They could hear the cheering of the audience at the film they had just seen. \"Take your positions,\" Danny said. As Pudge, William and the away team took up their positions, Danny took hold of the curtain and stepped through. \"Ladies and gentlemen, wait!\" Danny said. Gasps of surprise erupted as all eyes turned to Danny. \"Please take your seats,\" Danny continued. \"Today, we've come to honor Miss Darla Dimple. And because Darla Dimple cares, she's arranged a special treat for you: a special live show with an all-animal cast. It may be unheard of, I will admit, but not for 'America's sweetheart, lover of children and animals!' Now, don't try to share all the credit. It was, after all, you who wanted us to perform for L.B., and I wouldn't dream of performing without my friends.\" But, Danny trailed off when he saw that the back row—where the animal actors were sitting—was empty. Darla Dimple burst out laughing, the audience followed suit. Danny frowned, but the look softened when he felt a paw grasp his own. Danny looked over and saw Sawyer Dumas, a white-furred female cat. \"Sawyer?\" Danny said. \"We're all behind you, Danny—one hundred percent,\" Sawyer said. Then, she leaned behind the curtain and called out, \"Don't let them go, guys!\" Danny looked over to see Sawyer's friend Tillie Hippo, William and the rest of the away team restraining the other animal actors from leaving the theater. \"Wait, guys. Just a minute, please!\" Danny said. But, the animals continued to protest. One, T.K. Turtle, even read from several fortune cookie fortunes foretelling of disaster. \"Look, if you're willing to accept what they think of you, then you can go,\" Danny said. Danny then looked at Pudge, William and his team. \"I almost did,\" Danny continued. \"But this evening, friends like Pudge, William and his team...\" Cranston Goat interrupted with \"Well, you should have. Life here for animals is the pits. We're always playing the scapegoat.\" Woolie Elephant and Frances Fish agreed with Cranston. \"Then why are you still here?\" Danny said. The animals fell silent. \"Because you can't forget the feeling, can't you?\" Danny asked. Danny walked up to Cranston and Frances. \"The feeling you have when you two dance together...\" Danny pointed to Woolie. \"...when you play...\" Then, Danny turned to face Sawyer. \"...when you sing,\" Danny finished. Danny then turned back to the other animals \"They cursed you...humiliated you...even slammed the door in your face, but they still haven't made you forget,\" he said. \"Have they?\" T.K. began to thumb through more of the fortunes, but in his nervousness, all of the fortunes fell to the floor...except one. \"'They can smash your cookie, but you'll always have...your fortune,'\" he read. The animals smiled at Danny, then nodded. Finally, with a smile on his face, Danny said, \"Come on. Let's go show them what we can do.\" Out in the theater, Darla sighed after the laughter died down. \"Well, (yawn) it is getting kind of more or less rather late ,\" she said. Danny burst back through the curtain. \"You couldn't be more right,\" he said. Then looking back through the curtain, he yelled, \"Hit it, Pudge!\" William and Sofia pulled the curtain partially open to reveal Pudge. He was playing the saxophone, a slight bit of static electricity from his contact with Darla's bodyguard Max coursing through his head feathers. Danny began to sing. William then smiled at Saywer. \"Good luck, Miss Dumas,\" William said. \"Thanks, William,\" she said before stepping through the curtain to sing and dance alongside Danny. William saw Darla leave the balcony. \"Heads up, guys. Darla might be coming this way,\" William said. Sure enough, Darla burst through a side door into the backstage area and crept up to a lever marked \"Curtain.\" With a devilish smile, Darla flicked it upward. Using his powers as the Scarlett Warrior, William ensured that the curtains did not close on Danny and Sawyer. Rather, he made them open to reveal a cityscape stage set, Woolie seated at and playing the piano. The audience let out an audible \"ooh\" as the song and dance continued. Darla heard the \"ooh\" and looked out to see that her first plan to stop Danny's show had failed. Darla pulled another switch, intending to cut power to the stage lights. This time, the lights did go out for a moment. Darla smiled, but the smile disappeared a moment later as William used his powers to activate a bank of lights that cast Danny and Sawyer in a glorious and colorful shadow. Darla's eyes widened before she moved away. Sofia quickly moved over to restore main power to the stage as the other animals came on stage to sing and dance too. William found Darla climbing a huge ladder, taking out the colored light bulbs and placing them in a cardboard box she held. Then, Darla stood on the overhead catwalk, the box filled with light bulbs next to her. Far below, Danny and Sawyer continued to dance and sing. Darla began to throw the light bulbs down to the stage. Yet again, William used his powers to ensure that each and every light bulb missed Danny and Sawyer, only causing a colorful shower as each bulb hit the stage. Finally, Darla simply dumped the entire box of light bulbs. Once again, William was up to the challenge. Everything Darla tried to do to sabotage the performance, William or the other members of the away team had an answer for. After the song was over, the audience fell silent. Then, as one they rose to their feet and cheered. A platform in front of the stage rose into position, bearing the disheveled and quite angry visage of Darla Dimple. \"I'm the star, you stupid, stupid cat,\" Darla said. Taking a deep breath, she them screamed out, \"I SHOULD HAVE DROWNED YOU ALL WHEN I FLOODED THE STAGE!\" The words \" FLOODED THE STAGE! \" echoed over every speaker in the Grauman's Chinese Theater. Sofia looked over at William, who had a devilish smile on his face. \"You didn't,\" Sofia said, gesturing to the enormous boom microphone that had somehow gotten strapped onto Dimple's back. William simply shrugged his shoulders. The audience gasped as what Darla screamed began to sink in: that the so-called \"America's sweetheart and lover of animals\" had engineered the shocking flood that nearly destroyed Mammoth Pictures' studio backlot, cost the animal actors their jobs and almost ended Danny's dreams of stardom. Darla tried to cover for what she had said by kissing Danny and hugging him. Mal shook her head then prepared to pull a lever marked \"Trap Door.\" Pudge waddled up to Mal and asked her to step aside. \"Let me handle this,\" he said. Mal smiled, then gestured for Pudge to go ahead. Pudge chuckled, then pulled the lever. A trap door on the stage gave way. A heavy sand bag tied to Darla fell down to the orchestra pit below. Darla, of course, went with it. A spotlight flared into life, aimed at the stage, where the animal actors were standing. Sawyer then pulled a piece of paper from inside her dress and a pencil from behind her ear. \"Well now, let's see,\" Sawyer said. Danny's eyes widened, for he recognized the piece of paper as a 7-day checklist he was following in his bid for stardom. \"'Go to premiere.' Check,\" Sawyer began, making a check. \"'Land a big part.' Check.\" Then, pretending that there was a eighth entry on the list, Sawyer smiled. \"'Get the girl?' Check.\" Sawyer then leaned into Danny, intending to kiss him. But someone literally got in the way. Flanigan T. Flanigan, one of Mammoth Pictures' top directors, came up between Danny and Sawyer, causing them both to kiss him. As they gagged and tried to clean their mouths, L.B. Mammoth, the chairman of Mammoth Pictures, had come on stage. \"Get a picture, boys! These kids will be making history!\" he called out. William smiled as he activated his communicator. \"King William to Enterprise ,\" he said. \" Enterprise . Danforth here, \" the voice of Chad Danforth said from the Bridge of the Dimensional Defense Vessel Enterprise . \"Chad, bring us home,\" William said. \" Yes, Your Majesty, \" Chad said. \" Stand by. \" As the Enterprise transporter beam began to claim them, William had no idea that their mission was not over yet. ::TBC::[Chapter 2] 30 Worlds: Royal Megaforce, Episode XXV: \"Cats Can Dance, Part II\" CHAPTER TWO The next morning, as William and Sofia were eating breakfast in their quarters aboard the Enterprise , when a chime came over the comm. \" Bridge to King William, \" a voice said. \"King William. Go ahead,\" William said. \" William, this is The Doctor ,\" the voice from the Bridge said. \" We have an incoming message from Challenger Base via the Dindal Anomaly. \" William stood from the table and made his way to the computer terminal nearby. \"Put it through,\" William said. William gasped when he began to read the text file from the Scarlett Army's Office of Special Projects. It mentioned that Sawyer Dumas would be assassinated by a weapon of unknown function on the day the first film to star the animal actors would begin production...two days from that day. According to the temporally-secure data file, Danny would be so distraught after Sawyer's death that he would kill himself as well. \"Nick, Mal, Sito, Ferb, report to Transporter Room 2 immediately! I'll explain there!\" William said. Sofia followed William out of their quarters. William and the away team resolved from the Enterprise 's transporter beam in the alley next to the Mammoth Studios lot. A janitorial team was tearing down any and all billboards and other signs making reference to Darla Dimple, following the events of the previous night. Robin Venturi, head of the Mammoth Pictures publicity department, smiled when he saw William and the away team. \"Hey, guys!\" he said. \"Mr. Venturi, how are things going for you today?\" William said. \"Amazingly,\" Venturi said. \"The animals were amazing at the screening last night.\" \"So, Mr. Mammoth terminated Darla's contract?\" Ferb said. \"More that that,\" Venturi said. \"Follow me.\" William and the away team followed Venturi to a car, which drove to the desert outside of the city. A huge pile of film canisters, scripts and other film paraphernalia laid in the sand. Venturi held a lit match to the pile. The pile burst into flames led by the volatile nitrate film. \"Mr. Mammoth ordered all traces of Darla Dimple destroyed, as—in his words—Darla's entire career was based on a lie,\" Venturi said. \"Mr. Venturi, I must inform you of a threat against the life of Sawyer Dumas,\" William said. \"What do you mean?\" Venturi said. William then begun to describe the threat on Sawyer. \"We've gotta get back to Mammoth Pictures. Mr. Mammoth must be informed,\" Venturi said. \"The faster the better,\" William agreed. As if on cue, Nick, Sofia, Ferb, Mal and Sito moved to stand in a circle. William led Venturi to hold Mal's hand while he held Sofia's. \"Hold on tight,\" William said. In the blink of an eye, William made the entire away team plus Venturi return to Mammoth Pictures, the car they rode out to the desert in appearing alongside them. \"Mr. Mammoth's office is this way,\" Robin said. \"Follow me.\" William and the away team followed Robin to the studio's administration building, where behind a door marked \"L.B. Mammoth, Chairman and C.E.O. of Mammoth Pictures Corporation,\" Mammoth and Flanigan were discussing the type of film that would best showcase the animal actors' talents. There was a knock on the door. \"Come in,\" Mammoth said. The door opened, revealing Robin, William and the away team. \"Mr. Mammoth, there is a serious situation regarding Sawyer Dumas,\" Robin said. \"She's not pregnant, is she?\" Flannigan said. \"If she is, then...\" \"She's not pregnant, as far as I know, Flanigan,\" Robin said. \"However, there is a threat against her—possibly tied to the incident at the Lil' Ark Angel premiere last night.\" Robin gestured for William to step forward. \"It was brought to my attention thanks to this young man.\" William nodded at Mammoth. \"Mr. Mammoth, I am King William of the Kingdom of Cinnabar,\" William said. \"I have come back in time to protect Danny and his friends from a threat on their lives.\" William described the threat of the A.I.C. \"I highly recommend that a 24-hour security guard be placed on Danny, Sawyer and their friends until the threat against them is eliminated,\" William finished. \"I will promise you this, however: if you do not agree to provide the guard... I will. \" Mammoth nodded gravely. \"All right, King William,\" he said. \"I will get in touch with the FBI and ask for a 24-hour guard on the lot and on Danny, Sawyer and the other animals. However, the FBI may not agree to sending agents. So, I highly advise that you put some of your people on standby.\" \"Actually, you may not have to involve the FBI,\" William said, activating his communicator. \"King William to Enterprise . Chad, do you have the DNA signatures of Danny, Sawyer and the other animals?\" \"DNA?\" Flanigan asked, confusedly. \" Yeah, we do, \" Chad said. \"Then, lock on to each of them one by one and beam them to the ship. Use the cargo transporters if you have to,\" William said. \" Understood, \" Chad said. Ship's Log, supplemental, Chad Danforth recording. At the order of King William, we've beamed all of the Mammoth Pictures animals aboard the Enterprise . Some are getting rather ornery, so King William and the rest of the away team have also returned to the Enterprise . As a time-traveler herself, William has asked Charlie Duncan to discuss the dark future she came from—the dark future that will happen if the Grand Key is nullified. \"That's the story, everyone,\" Charlie Duncan said. \"I can't believe we've stepped into one of those Flash Gordon pictures from over at Universal,\" Woolie Elephant said. \"This is very, very real, Woolie,\" William said. \"All of time and space is threatened by the A.I.C.\" Danny looked at his friends and colleagues. \"Guys, I happen to believe William,\" he said. \"Last night, William and his people risked their lives to protect Pudge and I from Max.\" Sawyer smiled. \"I believe Danny,\" she said. \"Well then,\" William said. \"I'm afraid that until the A.I.C.'s threat is nullified, you're gonna have to remain aboard the Enterprise . \"Whatever we need to do in order to stay safe,\" Danny said. ::TBC::[Chapter 3] 30 Worlds: Royal Megaforce, Episode XXV: \"Cats Can Dance, Part II\" CHAPTER THREE As William, Sofia and Charlie exited the cargo bay where the Mammoth Pictures animals would be staying, William began to stroke his beard. Sofia knew that the action was William's non-verbal way of letting Sofia know that he had an idea. \"E.R.I.N., present position on Dwayne Pride, please,\" William said. \" Dwayne Pride is currently in his quarters on Deck 4, Section 27-1145, \" E.R.I.N., the Enterprise 's artificial intelligence, said. \"Thank you, E.R.I.N.,\" William said before leading Sofia and Charlie to a waiting turbolift. \"Bachelor Officer's Quarters, Deck 4,\" William said. \"E.R.I.N., for Sofia's and Charlie's benefit, play the initial registration voiceprint recording for Dwayne Pride followed by the initial registration voiceprint for Commander Goldsmith of the O.S.P.\" \" Dwayne Pride, \" a voice said. Then, a virtually-identical voice said, \" Daniel James Goldsmith. \" \"They sound the same!\" Charlie said. \"In the World of Girl Meets World—my adopted homeworld—both Danny and King are fictional characters who were played by the same actor: Scott Bakula,\" William said. \"Since Danny and King sound the same, why don't we have King double as Danny on the radio shows Danny is supposed to be doing to promote this film with the animal actors?\" \"But wouldn't that be putting King in danger, William?\" Charlie said. \"Remember what the temporally-locked text file from the O.S.P. said: that the threat on Sawyer would occur on the day that the first movie with the animal actors is set to begin filming,\" Sofia said. \"And besides that,\" William said, \"one of those radio shows is going to be broadcast from right here on the Enterprise .\" After being briefed on William's plan, King signed on. And so, Holodeck 3 near King's quarters was being prepared to act as a radio station. In the holographic recording booth, William and King stood in front of dual microphones adorned with the initials \"MBS.\" In the control booth, Sofia and Chad stood ready to hook the Enterprise 's powerful transmission capabilities into the simulation. Down on the planet below, radios all over America were tuned in to their local Mutual Broadcasting System-affiliated station. The sound of a trumpeting Woolie was followed by a voice calling out, \" The Mutual Broadcasting System, in association with Mammoth Pictures Corporation, proudly presents Woolie is On The Air! And now, here is your host: C.V. Winston! \" Back on the Enterprise , Sofia piped the sound of an applauding audience onto the transmission, then gestured for William to begin speaking. \"Good day to you all. I'm C.V. Winston, welcoming you to Woolie is On The Air!, a brand-new series dedicated to the latest developments from Mammoth Pictures, where the Finest Stars in Hollywood make the Finest Pictures in Hollywood,\" William began, reading from the script that had been prepared by him and Sofia earlier that day. \"Now, as you all know, the debacle at the world premiere of a picture entitled Lil' Ark Angel a few days ago led to Mammoth Pictures severing ties with Darla Dimple and hiring a group of animal actors who have become known as the Mammoth Pictures Animals-Only Company,\" William continued. \"My first guest is the leader of that troupe, whose first motion picture will begin filming later this week under the direction of Flanigan T. Flanigan. Please welcome Danny Goldsmith!\" Sofia piped more \"crowd applause\" onto the transmission. \"Now, Danny, first of all, congratulations on your becoming one of the first animal actors ever to headline a motion picture,\" William said. \"Thanks, Chuck,\" King said. Inside himself, William smiled at the similarities between Danny and King's voices. Back in the cargo bay, Danny and Sawyer were listening as William and \"Danny\" continued the interview. \" So, what can you tell me about the film you're going to start production on later this week? \" William asked. \" I can't tell you much, as 1.)the script hasn't even been written yet; and 2.)Everyone at Mammoth Pictures wants this film to be a surprise. All I really can tell you at this stage is that it will be a musical, \" King said as Danny. Danny turned to Sawyer. \"You know something, Sawyer?\" Danny said. \"This plan of King William's might just work.\" \"I hope so, Danny,\" Sawyer said. \"I just don't want to lose you. Not after what we've both been through over this past week.\" \"And I you. In fact, William gave me something to give to you,\" Danny said, reaching into the pocket of his green vest. It was a ring. \"Danny, are you asking me to marry you?\" Sawyer said. \"Not really...not right now, anyway,\" Danny said. \"After all, we've only known each other for a few days, and you were hostile to me for most of that time.\" \"This ring is simply meant to show how committed I am to you,\" Danny said. He smiled as Sawyer held out her paw. Danny put the ring on Sawyer's finger. A few hours later, William and Sofia walked into the cargo bay and watched as the animals were practicing for the filming of the big movie. Danny and Sawyer and Cranston Goat and Frances Fish were dancing; Woolie was playing the piano; T.K. Turtle was singing. A voice came over the comm. \" Bridge to King William and Queen Sofia ,\" it said. \"Go ahead, Nick,\" William said. \" Please come up here immediately, \" Nick said. \" There has been a new development. \" \"On our way,\" Sofia said. William and Sofia exited the cargo bay, leaving the animals to their rehearsals. On the Bridge of the Enterprise , Nick sat in the command chair and read the information he had been given by Joanne \"Doc\" McStuffins, the Enterprise 's chief physician, who was seated next to him. The turbolift doors slid open, revealing William and Sofia. \"What's up, Nick?\" William said. \"William, Doc completed her examination of the life-sign readings of Darla Dimple and Max that you picked up at the Lil' Ark Angel premiere, and she found some very disturbing readings,\" Nick said. Doc stood from the medical observer's chair and gave William an isolinear data card, which William slipped into a reader slot on his tactical eyepiece. \"Are you serious?\" William asked. \"Very much so,\" Doc said. \"What?\" Sofia asked. \"The Darla Dimple who tried to keep Danny and company from stardom...is not the real Darla Dimple,\" William said. ::TBC::[Chapter 4] 30 Worlds: Royal Megaforce, Episode XXV: \"Cats Can Dance, Part II\" CHAPTER FOUR \"What do you mean, she wasn't the real Darla Dimple?\" Sofia said. \"I checked the life-sign readings from the Darla Dimple who attended that movie premiere last night and compared the quantum signature in her RNA to the quantum signatures of other people in this dimension. They did not match,\" Doc said. William knew from Master Yen Sid and Rose's tutelage that each dimensional plane had a unique quantum signature that could be found in the RNA, or ribonucleic acid, of every life-form living in that dimension. \"While the majority of the Darla Dimple life-sign reading was according to specifications, the quantum signature in Dimple's RNA was not,\" Doc continued. \"So you mean that the real Darla Dimple could be somewhere in this dimension?\" Sofia said. \"I'm saying, Your Majesty, that the real Darla Dimple could be just about anywhere,\" Doc said. \"But I was able to narrow down the possible location of where the real Darla Dimple may be located.\" \"Well?\" Nick said. \"I have fed the coordinates to Gavan's Glory ,\" Doc said. \"The coordinates are down on Earth.\" \"Nick, get an away team together—but remember why we have to leave Chad and Doc here,\" William said. He then turned to Doc. \"No offense,\" William said to Doc. \"None taken, William,\" Doc said. \"I'm sure that Isabella will do just fine in my stead.\" William brought the cloaked Gavan's Glory down in the desert outside the city. William could still smell the smoldering remnants of the nitrate film and other film paraphernalia that he had witnessed ignited that very morning. \"So, what's the plan?\" Isabella said. \"Isabella, you wait here just in case we need medical assistance or backup if things go south,\" William said. \"Got ya,\" Isabella said. \"The rest of us will try to find an entrance to the A.I.C. compound and then locate the real Darla Dimple, whom I presume the A.I.C. is holding prisoner.\" The other members of the away team nodded. \"Then let's go,\" William said. William and the rest of the away team exited Gavan's Glory , while Isabella made her way to the rear compartment. Nick was the one who discovered a hidden entrance. \"Stokes to Gavan's Glory . Lock on to the other members of the away team and transport them to my location,\" Nick said. \" Stand by, Mr. Stokes, \" Isabella said. Moments later, William, Sito, Mal, Sofia and Lennier resolved from Gavan's Glory 's transporter. Nick lifted a canvas tarp painted to look like the desert sands around them. William used his sonic screwdriver to open the hatch. \"Let's get down there,\" William said. William gestured for the other members of the away team to follow him down the corridor near the A.I.C. prison cells. \"Freeze!\" William said. Using his Scarlett Warrior-enhanced hearing, William could hear a familiar voice. \"We may have failed to prevent Danny from succeeding at the movie premiere, Darla , but tomorrow, we'll destroy him by killing his beloved Sawyer!\" William looked at Nick and the other members of the away team. \"That's Robin Venturi!\" William whispered. \"The publicity guy at Mammoth Pictures?!\" Nick exclaimed. \"The same,\" William said. William then stepped out into Venturi's sight. \"Just hold it right there, Mr. Venturi! \" William said. Venturi lunged for the alarm controls, but William whipped out his sonic screwdriver and pointed it at the controls, shorting them out. \"Listen, Robin, there has to be an explanation for this,\" William said. \"Oh, yes, there is,\" Venturi said. Venturi's body wavered and became that of a silver-colored being. \"I am Baby, and I am a Tuffle,\" he said. \"But you were destroyed by Super Saiyan-4 Goku!\" William said. \"Not exactly,\" Baby said. \"Moments before my ship was sent into Earth's sun by SS4 Goku's Kamehameha, I felt myself disappear and found myself reappearing here.\" \"Well then, Baby, I'll be getting rid of you once and for all!\" William said. \"Guys, go free Darla! I'll handle Baby!\" Nick nodded, then led the rest of the away team up to Darla's cell. \"Who...who are you?\" Darla croaked out. \"Nick Stokes, Scarlett Army Office of Special Projects,\" Nick said. \"Now stay still. We'll have you out in a jiffy.\" Darla nodded as Nick and the rest of the away team set to work freeing her. Meanwhile, William and Baby had already fought their way down the corridor. \"The A.I.C. saved me so that I can use my abilities to destroy its enemies,\" Baby said. \"In exchange, when they defeat your band of losers, they will let me have my way with Goku and the rest of those deplorable Z Fighters!\" \"Keep dreaming,\" William said. \"Aura Mask!\" The suit of Red Mask, the leader of Hikari Sentai Maskman, formed on William's body. Baby did not look to be impressed. \"Nothing you do or nothing you turn into can destroy me!\" Baby said. \"Wanna bet?\" William/RedMask said. William/RedMask got into a pose that Baby found dreadfully familiar. \"Wait a minute. Is that...\" Baby started to say. Under his helmet, William/RedMask smiled. \"Oh yes, it is, Baby,\" he said. \"Ka—me—ha-me-HA!\" William/RedMask channeled all of his energy into a blast that sent Baby flying through the ceiling of the A.I.C. fortress...into space...and into the sun. William fell limp to the floor. Nick and the rest of the away team saw William lying still as they approached with Darla slung over their shoulders. \"William!\" Sofia said. \"Queen Sofia to Gavan's Glory ! Get Princess Rose down here stat! King William is down!\" Rose resolved from red mist and saw William. \"What happened?!\" Rose asked Sofia. \"I don't know!\" Sofia said. \"We were liberating the real Darla Dimple from her cell while William was fighting the A.I.C. action commander. Next thing we know...he's like this!\" \"I'll get William straight back to the Enterprise ,\" Rose said. \"You get Darla Dimple back to Gavan's Glory .\" Sofia nodded, then gestured to the rest of the away team. \"Let's go!\" Sofia said. As Sofia and the rest of the away team moved off, Rose slung William over her shoulder and activated her communicator. \" Enterprise , this is Princess Rose. Stand by for casualty,\" she said. Moments later, Rose disappeared, William safely on her shoulder. Five days later... Ship's Log, Mission Date 1,253, Princess Consort Mal recording. King William is still in a coma following whatever happened in his duel with the A.I.C. action commander during the rescue of the real Darla Dimple. Hopefully, we will know more about what happened soon. In the Enterprise 's Sickbay, Doc was performing another scan on William's prone form when the bioscan indicators began to move upward. Doc looked over and saw William's eyes flutter open. \"Your Majesty, are you all right?\" Doc asked. \"Yeah, I am, Doc,\" William said. \"Just have a hell of a headache.\" Doc moved over to press a control on the wall. \"Sickbay to Princess Consort Mal.\" \" Go ahead, Doc, \" Mal said. \"You and Queen Sofia had better get down here,\" Doc said. \"King William is awake.\" A few minutes later, Mal and Sofia ran into Sickbay to find William propped up on a biobed and reading some files on a p.a.d. Every so often, William reached over to pick up a cup of water and take a sip before returning to the p.a.d.'s contents. \"William!\" Sofia said before moving over to William's bedside and slapping him across the face. \"Don't you ever frakking scare me like that again!\" Sofia said. William rubbed the spot where Sofia's palm made contact. \"Sofia, I'm sorry. It's just that I had to do what I had to do to defeat the A.I.C. commander. It's all a part of what Rose taught me,\" William said. \"What happened anyway?\" Mal said. \"Well, the action commander's name was Baby, a shape-changer from the Unaligned World of Dragon Ball,\" William said, placing a data chip into the card reader on the screen attached to William's biobed before moving the screen so that Sofia and Mal could observe the chip's contents. \"The alien race who constructed Baby, the Tuffles, built Baby as a last resort weapon should their species be conquered by the Saiyans. Years after the Tuffles went extinct, Baby arrived on the Earth of the Unaligned World of Dragon Ball following the GT Black Star Ball Crisis and began a reign of terror that was not stopped until the hero Son Goku used the power of his Super Saiyan 4 form and sent Baby's spaceship hurtling into the sun...but, apparently, the A.I.C. pulled Baby from the spaceship moments before it would have plunged into the sun's corona,\" William continued. \"I only channeled all of my power—the Scarlett Warrior powers, the power of the Red Mask Megaforce Change Key, all of it—into a Kamehameha that sent Baby where he belonged.\" \"You mean the Scarlett Warrior powers are gone forever?\" Sofia asked. \"No,\" a voice called out. A white flash of energy resolved into Master Yen Sid, standing side-by-side with another old friend. \"Master Yen Sid, Q2, nice to see you both again,\" William said. Q2, the son of the Q who helped refit the Ambassador into the Enterprise following the Golden Voyagers incident, smiled. \"It's great that your puny humanoid mind remembers me,\" he said. \"No offense.\" \"None taken,\" William said. \"Why are you working with Master Yen Sid?\" \"Q2's father wanted him to learn some responsibility,\" Yen Sid said. \"So he's having me teach him.\" \"So, you said the Scarlett Warrior powers are not lost forever,\" Sofia said to Yen Sid. \"That is right,\" Yen Sid said. \"William simply needed several days of very intense rest in order to recharge.\" \"Thanks, Master,\" William said. \"Until we meet again, Q2.\" Q2 smiled again before snapping his fingers, making him and Yen Sid disappear in another flash of white light. William looked at Mal and Sofia. \"Is Darla all right?\" he asked. \"Yes, she is,\" Doc said. \"In fact, she's been visiting everyday since the rescue hoping that you would wake up. She should be coming in for today's visit right about...\" The Sickbay doors slid open, revealing Darla. \"...now,\" Doc finished. \"King William, you're all right!\" Darla said. She ran up to William and hugged him. \"Now that's America's sweetheart and lover of children and animals,\" William said when the hug broke. \"Can William leave Sickbay?\" Mal asked. \"Sure, as long as he doesn't overdo it for a few days,\" Doc said. William pushed himself out of bed and used his revitalized Scarlett Warrior powers to dress himself. \"Has Darla been registered?\" William asked. \"Yes, she has,\" Mal said. \"However, she has not been assigned quarters yet.\" \"I'll take care of that,\" William said. \"Darla, please follow me.\" William led Darla out of Sickbay. ::TBC::[Chapter 5] 30 Worlds: Royal Megaforce, Episode XXV: \"Cats Can Dance, Part II\" EPILOGUE Ship's Log, Mission Date 1,255, Princess Consort Mal recording. With King William now fully recovered from the battle with Baby, we can finally return to our own time. \" Princess Consort Mal to King William, \" Mal called on the comm. \"Go ahead, Mal,\" William said. \" Would you and Darla Dimple report to the Bridge? I figured you both would like to be here when we set off for the Dindal Anomaly, \" Mal said. \"On our way,\" William said. \"No,\" Darla said. \"What do you mean?\" William said. \"I mean, as far as the world is concerned, Darla Dimple no longer exists,\" Darla said. \"But, it's not your fault that what happened to Danny and the others occurred,\" William said. \"You could conceivably resume your movie career.\" \"I realize that,\" Darla said. \"However, it is the perfect time for me to get on with my life. As a result, I want to begin that new chapter by divesting myself of all ties to the past.\" Darla turned to the nearest E.R.I.N. audio pickup. \"E.R.I.N., prepare for user data modification,\" she said. \"Please change my registration listing from 'Darla Dimple' to \"Nicole Romano.'\" \" Registration data for subject Nicole Romano has been updated, \" E.R.I.N. said. \"\"Well then, Miss Romano, let me officially welcome you aboard,\" William said. \"Thank you, Your Majesty,\" Nicole said. \"Now, we've gotta get to the Bridge. If I know Mal right, she won't wait for long.\" William smiled as he gestured for Nicole to follow him. A few hours later, William was on the Bridge observing as Mal ordered the Enterprise to reenter the Dindal Temporal Anomaly. A voice came on the comm. \" Enterprise , this is Challenger Base. Please respond, \" it said. \"This is the Enterprise , Princess Consort Mal speaking,\" Mal said. On the viewscreen, Danny appeared in his Scarlett Army uniform. \" Good. You made it back, \" the present Danny said. \"Yes, we did, Danny,\" William said. \" That's great, \" a voice from out of camera range said. The slightly-older visage of Sawyer crossed into the range of the viewscreen. \"Hey, Sawyer,\" William said. \"Did you guys ever get married?\" \" Yeah, we did, thanks to you and the crew of the Enterprise ,\" Sawyer said. \" We're even gonna get to start a family soon. \" The camera widened to reveal that Sawyer was pregnant. \"Congratulations, you two,\" William said. \"I'm looking forward to meeting the little one.\" \" As am I,\" Danny said. \"We gotta head back to the World of Sofia the First to resume our royal duties,\" William said. \"Until we meet again, Commander.\" \" The same to you, Your Majesty, \" Danny said before the viewscreen switched to the image of Earth spinning silently in space, Challenger Base orbiting alongside it. \"Bridge to Main Shuttlebay. Prepare Gavan's Glory for liftoff in ten minutes,\" William said. \" Yes, Your Majesty, \" the deck officer on duty said as William and Sofia left the Bridge. World of Sofia the First Kingdom of Cinnabar, Parliament Chamber \"Esteemed members of Parliament, presenting His Royal Majesty, King William,\" the royal clerk said. The members of Cinnabar's Royal Parliament stood respectfully as William entered the chamber. \"Please be seated,\" William said. As the members of Parliament returned to their seats, William began to speak. \"Learned members of this body, the quest to defeat the Army of Inter-universal Chaos is nearing its end,\" he began. \"We have defeated nearly all of the action commanders that are known to exist. All that remains is the Great Leader of the A.I.C., Xur. I swear to you all that our multi-verse will soon be peaceful again!\" The members of Parliament began to cheer. William looked at Sofia, a smile on her face. William knew that with people like his wife by his side, he would be able to fulfill his promise to his people. To be continued in 30 Worlds: Royal Megaforce, Episode XXVI: \"Echoes, Awakenings and Fates\" Plus, the adventures of the Scarlett Army's Office of Special Projects begin in 30 Worlds: Defenders of Animated Earth, Datafile 1 Coming September 2018![Chapter 6] 30 Worlds: Royal Megaforce, Episode XXV: \"Cats Can Dance, Part II\" ALTERNATE ENDING The following is an alternate version of Chapter Five with an alternate ending to the story—one that, I ultimately decided, would be inappropriate in light of Sofia's dialogue in 30 Worlds: Megaforce, Episode XVIII: \"Golden Voyagers,\" in which she said that she wanted to wait to start a family until after the final defeat of Xur and the A.I.C. Except for changing Doc to Mal and the Bridge for Sickbay (and of course, Sofia's non-canonical pregnancy), the canonical Chapter Five of this story is largely the same as it is presented here. CHAPTER FIVE Medical Log, Mission Date 1,255, Doctor Joanne McStuffins recording. After defeating A.I.C. action commander Baby and rescuing the real Darla Dimple, we are preparing to travel to our next destination. Woah. I just found something in the results of my scan on [REDACTED] that King William should know. \" Doc McStuffins to King William, \" Doc called on the comm. \"Go ahead, Doc,\" William said. \" Would you and Darla Dimple report to Sickbay? There are things I need to discuss with both of you, \" Doc said. \"On our way,\" William said. \"No,\" Darla said. \"What do you mean?\" William said. \"I mean, as far as the world is concerned, Darla Dimple no longer exists,\" Darla said. \"But, it's not your fault that what happened to Danny and the others occurred,\" William said. \"You could conceivably resume your movie career.\" \"I realize that,\" Darla said. \"However, it is the perfect time for me to get on with my life. As a result, I want to begin that new chapter by divesting myself of all ties to the past.\" Darla turned to the nearest E.R.I.N. audio pickup. \"E.R.I.N., prepare for user data modification,\" she said. \"Please change my registration listing from 'Darla Dimple' to \"Nicole Romano.'\" \" Registration data for subject Nicole Romano has been updated, \" E.R.I.N. said. \"\"Well then, Miss Romano, let me officially welcome you aboard,\" William said. \"Thank you, Your Majesty,\" Nicole said. \"Now, we've gotta get to Sickbay. Doc McStuffins won't wait for long.\" William smiled as he gestured for Nicole to follow him. As soon as William and Nicole entered Sickbay, they found Doc and Sofia waiting-Sofia's Mobilates perched on Doc's desk. \"Sofia, what's wrong?\" William said. \"William, something has come up that is requiring me to relinquish my Mobilates and pass it to the one I deem worthy,\" Sofia said. Sofia stood up and handed the Mobilates to Nicole. \"Darla, you're the one.\" \"Thank you, Queen Sofia, but I do not answer to the name 'Darla Dimple' anymore,\" Nicole said. \"Oh? Then, what should we call you?\" Sofia said. \"Nicole, but that's beside the point, Sofia. What's wrong?\" William asked. \"Nothing's wrong, William. Something's right-something that will definitely help boost my Key power when the time comes for the Grand Key to be deployed,\" Sofia said. \"William, I'm pregnant...for real, this time.\" Doc slid a p.a.d. across the desk to William. On its display was a file marked \"Sofia Lynn Roland I, Medical Report, Mission Date 1,255.\" \"'Subject is an nineteen-year-old human female in exceptional physical health...and is six weeks into her first pregnancy,'\" William read. William began to sob when he saw the first ultrasound image of his and Sofia's child. \"My God,\" William said. \"I'm gonna be a father.\" \"Congratulations, Your Majesty,\" Nicole said. \"Thanks, Nicole,\" William said. \"King William to Bridge. Set course for the Dindal Anomaly, hyper-light factor 7.\" \" Aye, sir, \" the voice of Sergeant Calhoun said. A few hours later, William was on the Bridge observing as Mal ordered the Enterprise to reenter the Dindal Temporal Anomaly. A voice came on the comm. \" Enterprise , this is Challenger Base. Please respond, \" it said. \"This is the Enterprise , Princess Consort Mal speaking,\" Mal said. On the viewscreen, Danny appeared in his Scarlett Army uniform. \" Good. You made it back, \" the present Danny said. \"Yes, we did, Danny,\" William said. \" That's great, \" a voice from out of camera range said. The slightly-older visage of Sawyer crossed into the range of the viewscreen. \"Hey, Sawyer,\" William said. \"Did you guys ever get married?\" \" Yeah, we did, thanks to you and the crew of the Enterprise ,\" Sawyer said. \" We're even gonna get to start a family soon. \" The camera widened to reveal that Sawyer was pregnant. \"Congratulations, you two. I can't wait for your kid or kids to meet mine,\" William said. \"Sofia's pregnant too.\" \" Small universe, \" Danny said. \"We gotta head back to the World of Sofia the First to tell Sofia's parents,\" William said. \"Until we meet again, Commander.\" \" The same to you, Your Majesty, \" Danny said before the viewscreen switched to the image of Earth spinning silently in space, Challenger Base orbiting alongside it. \"Bridge to Main Shuttlebay. Prepare Gavan's Glory for liftoff in ten minutes,\" William said. \" Yes, Your Majesty, \" the deck officer on duty said as William and Sofia left the Bridge. World of Sofia the First Royal Castle Throne Room, Kingdom of Enchancia Eight Hours Later Baileywick stood with King Roland and Queen Miranda, the rulers of Enchancia, as a court guard called out, \"Announcing King William and Queen Sofia of Cinnabar!\" William and Sofia walked into the throne room and made their way up to the thrones. William and Roland shared a hearty handshake while Sofia and Miranda shared a hug. \"This is a surprise,\" Roland said. \"Just got back from a mission?\" \"Yes,\" William said. \"Roland, Sofia and I have an announcement to make.\" \"What is it?\" Miranda said. Sofia took a deep breath, then said, \"Mom, Dad, I'm having a baby.\" \"Congratulations, you guys,\" Miranda said. \"How far along are you?\" \"Six weeks, according to Doc McStuffins on the Enterprise ,\" William said. \"Just take care of yourselves, you two,\" Roland said. \"This is a happy...but sure to be stressful...time for you both.\" \"Thanks, Dad,\" Sofia said. \"We gotta get back to Cinnabar, so we'll come back when we can. Can't wait to let you feel the baby kick!\" William and Sofia took each other's hand and walked out of the throne room and into a new phase of their lives together. ","Summary":" 30 Worlds: Royal Megaforce, Episode XXV: \"Cats Can Dance, Part II\" by William \"Blissey\" Raymer "},{"Movie":"Silver Linings Playbook","Title":"Between The Scenes","Author":"David N. Brown","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9344206","Passage":"[Chapter 1] After getting positive feedback for \"Letters to Tommy\", I decided it was worth doing at least one more SLP fic. I plan on making this a combination of two different ideas, and this time I don't have an especially clear plan just where I will go with this. That also means I can't say how much this will tie in to \"Letters\". For now, here's a scene with Pat, Senior and the kind of crazy that I usually have fun with. Pat Peoples, Senior shut the door to his study and carefully got out the sports page. He set it down, on top of hundreds of pages of printouts from his friend/ business associate Randall Feinberg. He carefully read the sports page front to back without pause, then read it again, regularly pausing to check something on the printouts. He sighed. He was going to need some help with this. His wife banged the door and then opened it. \"Pat just left for a run,\" she said. \"Just a thought, as long as he's home, you should start talking to him .\" \"He'll be fine, Dolores,\" he said. He thought to himself: Fuckin' fine. For now. \"There's a real world out there, Patricio,\" his wife said. \"Our son has to live in it, even if you didn't. Maybe he would be doing it better if you spent time with him instead of burying yourself in sports statistics.\" When he did not speak, or show any reaction, she shut the door. As soon as she was gone, Pat sighed and shook his head. Jeanie had never understood, and never would. She thought he was obsessed with the Eagles because it gave him an escape from reality, from their family. She had said it often, the way she did when she really believed it. She said he was delusional for thinking he could jinx the Eagles, and on top of that, it was like practicing witchcraft. She even said the reason he got bad moods because he cared more about the Birds than his own family. She would never understand. He knew the truth. He knew there wasn't some force in the universe that would let the Greatest Team Ever lose just because one fan did the jinx. But he knew that everything in this world was interconnected. It was like the butterfly that flapped its wings in the Amazon and you got a fuckin rainy day. There might be a million fuckin things that mattered, but there was always a chance that one fuckin little thing would make all the difference… And the difference went both ways. Jeanie had almost got it there. She had said herself that their worst fights were always after the fuckin' Birds lost, and blamed him and his moods for that. He deserved the blame, he wasn't delusional, but he knew there was another side to it. When he got bad moods after the fuckin Birds fuckin choked, it wasn't just because he cared so much for the Birds. It was because he knew, when the Birds lost, it meant the bad moods were coming. He could try to change it, God knows he had tried, but trying to make things different had only convinced him it was true. He and the Birds were connected , and that was why he loved them. When he jinxed the Birds, he jinxed himself, and not just himself, but his family. Especially Junior. That was why this mattered. Somewhere in here, there was a secret of how to help the Birds, and if he could find it, he could help Junior get better. But to find it, he would need help. God was always on call, but you couldn't really talk to God like you could with a Birds fan. You couldn't talk to dead people, either, because that was witchcraft. But, you could always talk to Phil Silvers. \"I'm dead too, you know,\" said Phil. Pat didn't see Phil, or really hear him, he wasn't fuckin crazy, but the voice was there in his head, and it sounded just like old Phil did in Mad, Mad, World . The voice sounded like a weasely gasbag like Phil's guy, too. You aren't Phil, you're just Phil's voice, Pat thought. He knew \"Phil\" could hear just fine without him talking aloud, which would upset Jeanie. You're a lying sonuvabitch too, which is why you sound just like Phil, but I need all the help I can get. He began reading through all the papers again, for Phil. Phil was a lying sonuvabitch, but he was sharp, and often Phil would catch on to something before Pat did. \"Well, Pat,\" said Phil, \"I don't see what you called me for. All those numbers just prove what anybody can see: The odds on the next Eagles game are exactly even. There is no advantage or disadvantage in either team that isn't balanced out by another.\" Of course, they're even, I know they're fuckin even, Pat thought, but where's the fuckin sign? \"I see, you want to engage in the practice of stichomancy, divination by passages of religious texts or other books of presumed importance,\" Phil said. \"I don't recall hearing of anyone using the sports page before. Well, let's see… If the odds are exactly even, then it means that a good or bad outcome is equally likely. So, it would be logical to infer, assuming the premise, that there is some coming event which will bring either very good or very bad fortune… or perhaps some of both.\" All right, Pat thought, leaning in for a closer look, but how do we know if it will be good? How do I make it good? \"To the second question, I should think you can't,\" Phil said. \"To the first, it might be possible to predict the consequences of one event from the known outcome of another. In this case, if the Eagles win, then it would mean that this second, as-yet unknown event will ultimately prove to be positive, while a loss would mean it will be negative.\" Of course, Pat thought with a nod. It all made sense. Something is going to happen to Junior that could help him or hurt him. And if I can make good luck for the Birds, I can make good luck for him… Just then, Jeanie burst in without knocking. \"Junior's home, and he has great news! Ronnie and Veronica have invited him over for dinner Sunday! Oh, but we're going to have to get him some new clothes, and I guess he won't be here to watch the Eagles game…\" She was startled and a little afraid when her husband turned around and smiled. \"Oh, that will be fine,\" he said. \"Tell him to come up here so I can congratulate him. I think I have an idea what he could wear, too…\" An after note: I wrote a part of this while listening to Passenger's \"Feather On the Clyde\". For the rest, I laughed. A lot. I think I have a right to.[Chapter 2] \"Thanks for inviting Pat,\" Veronica said to Ronnie. She had on her best evening dress, which didn't really fit her anymore after the weight she put on having Emily, and it never really suited her because she was a successful professional woman, not a skinny twenty-something cocktail waitress. But Ronnie knew better than to say as much. He did venture to say, \"It wasn't my invitation. You said you wanted Pat to come over for dinner.\" She began setting the table, and Ronnie resigned himself to helping her, until something jarred him. \"Hey! Hold on!\" he said. He pointed to the fourth plate, still in Von's hands. \"Don't you remember why Pat's been gone? Don't you still talk to Nikki? The two of them are through. Now put that away, quick, because if Pat sees it, he's going to start thinking Nikki really is coming.\" Von calmly set the plate down. \"Oh, didn't I tell you?\" she said. \"I did invite someone else.\" \"Oh my god,\" Ronnie said. \"You invited her, right? I suppose that's what you wanted all along, right? We have to call this off, Von. We can say Emily got sick, or something.\" \"Why?\" Von said, too sweetly. \"Don't you like Tiffany?\" They both knew there was no right answer to the question. \"I care about Tiffany, and I sure as hell care about Pat! Do you have any idea what you're doing? Pat can barely deal with what's already happened to him. Do you know he went looking for Nikki the other day? He still wears his ring, too. At least she moved out of town, thank God , so we don't have to worry about him really finding her. In what universe is Tiffany good for him? What the fuck is your idea of a good match? Alien and Predator go on a double date with Mothra and Godzilla?\" Von brushed right past him on her way to the kitchen. Without a word, she began pulling food out of the oven. He followed her, placing herself at the entrance to the kitchen. \"Von, I swear, I'm not doing this! I'm not having anything to do with this!\" There was a knock at the door. \"Would you get that?\" Von said. It was not a request. Jeanie watched Pat, Senior watching the Eagles game in an otherwise darkened room. He was quiet tonight, the way she had always wished he would be. As she watched him stare coldly at the screen as the opposing team made another unanswered touchdown, she knew to be evermore careful what she wished for. Finally she turned away. \"The fuckin Birds are gonna fuckin lose,\" Patricio said. The Birds were still ahead, and there were only three minutes left in the game, but he knew the signs. \"They are gonna fuckin choke . Fuckin Birds and their fuckin chokes. Put 'em behind, and they can work fuckin miracles to get the win or at least make it close. But give 'em a good lead in a fuckin easy game, and it's like they look for ways to fuckin lose. After I did everything to take the jinx off them and Pat, even talking that quack from Bombay into telling him to wear the jersey, they still fuckin lose. The Birds are fuckin losers, and they're gonna make my son a fuckin loser.\" \"That would seem to be a possibility,\" said Phil Silvers in his head. \"But might I suggest an alternative hypothesis? Granting the premise that good luck is a commodity, it follows logically that, in some cases, one party would only be able to have good luck if another had very bad luck, or else both would have bad luck. Therefore, it seems possible that your efforts to remove the `jinx' from the Eagles failed because the available supply of luck went to Junior instead.\" A cry rang out from the television set: \"INTERCEPTION!\" Patricio nodded, and smiled. Ronnie and Veronica stared at each other across the place settings of their departed guests. Von looked calm, even a little satisfied. Ronnie looked ready to explode. Finally, he jumped to his feet. \"We have to go after them,\" he said. Von drained the last of her wine glass. \"Why?\" she said. \"You know why! You know what she's going to do.\" \"So?\" Von refilled her glass. When he continued to give her the look, she smiled and said, \"If it happens, at least Pat will get his head out from under Nikki's skirt.\" \"Good God, Von!\" Ronnie shouted. \"At least think about her! You know how much trouble she has as it is. Do you think she can get what she needs from him? And do you know what he did to that guy? He was in a coma! When he came out, he was so scared he took out restraining orders on Pat and Nikki!\" He strode to the phone. \"At least we're calling Patricio and Jeanie.\" Jeanie was almost fearful as she approached her husband. \"Pat… Patricio… it's Ronnie on the phone,\" she said. She wiped a tear from her eye. \"He says there was some kind of trouble at dinner… But he won't say what, which makes me afraid… He says we need to make sure Junior comes home tonight.\" \"Don't worry 'bout it, Dolores,\" Patricio said. \"Everything will be fine.\" Jeanie withdrew, and he turned off the TV. Then in the quiet dark, he grinned broadly while tears streamed down his cheeks.[Chapter 3] This is a longer chapter, and a bit of a \"song fic\", though I have kept use of lyrics to what I would consider a minimum. Also, I believe this is a good time to point out that I am NOT portraying Pat, Sr. as schizophrenic. There are significant nuances in the diagnosis which are mentioned here. Ronnie slammed the door behind him as he stormed into the living room. Veronica looked up as if vaguely curious. \"Well, it's done,\" he said. \"I told him about her. Everything.\" \"Really,\" Veronica said, \"why did you think you needed to do that?\" \"He needs to know,\" Ronnie said. \"And you know something? He looked at me like he thought I was the one with the problem. I swear, the way they're spending time together… I'm worried.\" He hung up his jacket and threw himself on the couch. Veronica leaned back with a smile. \"Did you know, he's calling her his girlfriend now?\" she said. \"Tiffany called and told me about it today. He told her, she could be his girlfriend, as long as it's apart time. He says, by being friends with a woman, and treating her like she's his girlfriend, he can show Nikki and everyone that he's better. Then Nikki will end apart time, and Pat will probably get back together with her, so Tiffany won't be able to be his girlfriend anymore, but they can still be friends. You might try telling him that he could be a better friend if he didn't keep talking about another woman with her.\" Ronnie gave a grim laugh. \"He said `probably'? He really said `probably'? I suppose he did it to b kind to Tiffany, but still… You know, he really isn't saying as much about getting back together with Nikki. Like, he talks a lot about how he saved her from the guy he beat up. He's sorry for hurting him, but he says the way he just dumped Nikki proves he was only taking advantage of her, and she would have been worse off if she had gotten more involved with him than she is by herself. I'd have to say, he's probably right.\" He sighed. \"Then what he really fixates on is this idea that as soon as Nikki lifts the restraining order, they will meet each other again, and talk things out. The damnedest thing is, he really doesn't say much about what he wants to happen after that. Of course, he will talk about it like getting back together is a matter of course, but sometimes he says he could let her go. I could call it an improvement, except that he can't get past this obsession with meeting face to face, which is what worries me.\" \"That's because a little crazy is more dangerous than a lot of crazy,\" Von said. \"When people are completely out of it, like a `classic' schizophrenic, the odds are against them doing anything wrong without getting caught quickly. But the ones who have enough rationality to form a good plan can do a lot more damage, if they try. They lose the insanity pleas, too, because in the eyes of the courts, most anyone with the smarts to count his bullets is smart enough to know he's doing something illegal.\" After some time in silence, she added, \"She was going to tell him, you know. We've been talking about what to say. She probably still will, if he doesn't let her know what you told him. I think he will let her… maybe ask her a few questions…\" Ronnie got to his feet and went to the armchair. He started to sit down, but then got up and went to the ipod dock. At the push of a few buttons, a track from a Passenger album started. It was in a fast tempo with a rapping style, and seemed cheerful up to the jarring chorus: \"If you can't be what you want, you learn to be the things you're not… If you can't get what you need, you learn to need the things that stop you dreaming…\" Von sat up a little straighter, beginning to listen, and Ronnie set his magazine in his lap and stared at the ceiling. The song ended, and as the album continued, they finally looked at each other. \"What happened to us?\" Ronnie said, not really as a question. \"Nothing, really,\" Von said. \"Just life, I suppose.\" \"No,\" Ronnie said. \"Not just life, this life. I would have been happy without it, you know. But every time we had something good, you told me you wanted something more. When we had the apartment, you wanted a house. When we got the house, you wanted a bigger house. When we got this house, you wanted a baby.\" Her sad gaze hardened into a stare. \"Come on! You know I love Em, you know I wanted her as much as you, and I would have even if we didn't have all of this. But that's my point! You didn't just want the family, you wanted the whole package. You know, the first time I really felt like I made you happy was when we brought Em home to this place, and you started setting everything up like Helen Homemaker. And that was the first time you made me wonder, if you wanted this more than you wanted me.\" \"Come here,\" Von said. \"Please.\" He returned to the couch, and they kissed. Soon they were stretched out, both knowing where they were headed but taking their time. \"Ronnie… If this was all I wanted, I could have got it for myself. You know I'm right. I could have gone it alone, snagged every promotion that came along. Hm, I probably could have made more money than you ever will. Then I could have bought the big house, mm, and the best baby juice on the open market… But I didn't, because I loved you, and I wanted the best for you as much as for me.\" They were on the couch for a long time, but it didn't seem to take long before they were listening to \"Feather on the Clyde\". Von stirred from her repose in Ronnie's arms at the chorus: \"Well I would swim but the river is so wide I'm afraid I won't make it to the other side… I long for something that's safe and warm but all I have is all that is gone…\" \"That's Tiffany,\" she said. \"Pat too, I guess.\" \"Both Pats, I think,\" Ronnie said with a nod. He thought, and knew she knew he was thinking, what he would never say aloud: When she said she loved him, she had used the past tense. Patricio found the tape at the bottom of a box. He had hidden it carefully from Junior, and even Jeanie thought he had destroyed it. She had never been anything but mortified by Junior's wedding video. Even now, she would remind him how, at his own son's wedding, he had hardly done anything but sit quietly and cry, and not the happy tears that it was supposed to be okay for guys to cry now. All because, she always said, the fuckin Birds had fuckin choked against the fuckin Arizona Cardinals. She would never understand. He shed tears again as he watched the muted tape. He had seen the signs then, and he could see them even more clearly now. They had been everywhere, like fuckin ants on a sugar lump, so clear he couldn't believe how everyone could keep fuckin smiling. It was like nobody even wanted to see, but he did, and he knew what they meant: Junior's marriage was going to end, and it was going to end in pain for him. And Patricio knew why. One day, that one day, he had stopped doing what it took to fight the jinx. Why not? It was two fuckin days from Junior's wedding day! It was the fuckin Cardinals , for fuck's sake! So, he had let it slide. He had let the jinx in, and the jinx hadn't just cost the Birds the game, against the fuckin Cardinals , it had cost Junior his marriage. He jerked the tape out even before it was finished ejecting. He had done this to himself often enough. It was time to move on. It was time to make sure the signs were right for Pat to love Tiffany[Chapter 4] Here's the next installment, with Randy in the mix. I liked the idea of having Patricio and Randy bouncing off each other to introduce a philosophical element in a storyline, and I plan on getting at least one more scene out of it. Also, for the record, I initially gave this story \"M\" just for Pat, Sr's language, and he's a little fouller in this chapter. \"So I tell Junior, why are you still talkin bout fuckin Nikki. Tell me bout this Tiffany broad,\" Patricio said. He opened a beer, and offered another to Randall Feinberg. He rearranged the remotes, very carefully. \"You know, they performed in a dance recital together. That's how I first met her. I went with Jeanie, and it wasn't bad. I mean, it's still fuckin dance, but she can move. I tell you, the whole time, I kept thinking, if only she played fuckin basketball. Now she's talkin' bout going to a semipro competition, and she's got Pat practicing like a demon. You know, I had to talk him into skipping one afternoon to go to the Eagles game. I don't know what he thinks is up, but I know the signs. It's true love, Randy, it's meant to be, same as the Eagles are meant to kick fuckin Giants ass.\" He gave the remote another nudge. Suddenly, Randall spoke: \"`Knowing this first, that no prophecy of the Scripture is of any private interpretation. For the prophecy came not in old time by the will of man, but the holy men spoke as they were moved.'\" Patricio looked askance at his friend. \"What are you fuckin doin spouting St. Peter at me outta nowhere? You hardly even believe in your half of the Bible.\" Randy pointed to the remotes. \"You know what I'm saying, Pat. If something's really in the signs, it's because it's meant to be by the will of God. Do you think you're better than God?\" \"Jesus fuckin Christ, you're makin it sound like voodoo or something,\" Patricio said. \"This isn't about tellin God what to do. It's showin we can read the signs. Then things will go right, for the Birds and everybody else. And you're a fine one to talk, when you're doing the Kabbalah crap…\" \"Kabbalah is about finding insights that are already there in the Torah,\" Randy said. \"It's not meant for foretelling the future: It could, but if you go to it looking for nothing but an answer to a question you already have in mind, you've blinded yourself to most of its potential. Then there's this. Seriously, Pat, you are fuckin insane. Just think about the big picture why don't you? There's millions of Eagles fans, hard as that is to believe, and I'm sure at least half of them are just like you, looking for signs and doing whatever rituals they think will bring the Birds good luck. So what's the fuckin big deal about you? Why are the fuckin crazy things you do more important than their fuckin crazy?\" \"You don't understand, you fuckin Texas kike!\" Patricio shouted. He took deep breaths to calm himself. \"I'm sorry for that, Randy. But you really don't understand. Look, with what you were saying about Kabbalah, I get that, I can respect that. There are signs everywhere, and that's because everything's knitted together, like one big beautiful tapestry. But it's not just about seeing the signs. It's about lining yourself up with the signs. It's showing you have faith that there is a big plan. Because if you don't follow the signs, if you don't have the faith, you're pitting yourself against God, and you pay. That's when the signs go wrong, and the tapestry comes unraveled. It all fuckin falls apart.\" \"Holy sheeiit,\" said Randy, \"you're still worked up about that Cardinals game!\" \"Tell me I'm fuckin wrong!\" Patricio said. \"The fuckin Birds blow a fuckin fourteen-point lead against the fuckin Cardinals, how the fuck does that happen?! And what else happens? Not a week later, Junior gets married to his college sweetheart, and within five years, he goes to the loony bin because of her! Tell me that's a fuckin coincidence, Randall! Tell me I'm fuckin wrong!\" He took a deep breath, and then he smiled. The signs were good. Junior and Jake were at the game. He was in his lucky sweater, in his lucky chair, with all the lucky charms in their right places. And to top it all off, Junior had one lucky girl waiting for him when he got back. Yes, all was good. He picked up the remote for the new sound system and pushed the button to turn up the volume. He frowned. \"Dolores!\" he shouted. \"Did you forget to change the fuckin batteries?!\" Veronica was giving Emily a bath in the sink when the phone rang. \"Oh, that's Daddy,\" she said after a glance at the caller ID. \"Want to say hi to Daddy, Em? Maybe you can talk to Uncle Pat, too.\" \"Pap!\" Em said, and gave a crow of laughter. Von giggled herself as she raised the phone to her ear. \"Hi, hon, Em and I were just talking about you…\" The smile immediately left her face. \"You're where?... What did Pat do?!\"[Chapter 5] This scene is in police procedural territory. It should be clear that I have been intentionally deviating from the movie storyline, mainly with an eye to harmonizing with the novel, and this chapter represents a decision that was especially challenging. My approach was to stick pretty much with events from the movie (including a deleted scene) but develop a \"twist\" on details and interpretation. \"Thank you for coming by the station, Mrs. Jackson,\" Officer Keogh said. \"We're already processing paperwork to release your husband and his friends, and we don't anticipate filing any charges. However, we have to ask some routine questions, especially about one of them, Pat Peoples Jr. I was wondering, would you mind telling me a little about him?\" Keogh led Von to his office, but she knew an interrogation when she saw it. \"Thank you for agreeing to talk,\" he said as he closed the door. \"Again, understand that we have no plans to file charges against your husband or his friend, we're just trying to get a better understanding of what happened.\" \"That's great,\" Von said. \"Can you tell me what happened?\" \"Well, our investigation is ongoing, so I can't be too free with details,\" Keogh said. \"I can tell you that there was a physical altercation between your husband, Mr. Peoples and his brother Jake, and Dr. Cliff Patel, Pat's therapist, and members of a group calling themselves `Native Sons'. Off the record, there is also an unidentified woman with strawberry blonde hair we consider her a person of interest.\" Von kept a perfect poker face. \"By all accounts including their own, the Native Sons are an Eagles fan club who also share certain political beliefs,\" Keogh continued. \"In fact, your husband characterizes them as `racist assholes'. He says, and many witnesses confirm, that these men had a previous dispute with Mr. Peoples, among others, over the use of parking lot space by another club known as the Asian Invasion. He claims that certain members of the Native Sons threatened certain members of Asian Invasion, as well as himself and Mr. Peoples, and began vandalizing the Asian Invasion's personal effects. He claims that he and Jake Peoples tried to assist Dr. Patel, Patel and Jake were injured, and at that point Pat entered the fight, which had already escalated into a general disturbance.\" \"Sounds like racist assholes being racist assholes,\" Von said. \"What do they have to say?\" \"For the most part, they aren't saying anything, which frankly is the main reason no charges are being considered against your husband and his associates,\" Officer Keogh said. \"Off the record, we have enough to prove that the leader of the club told his people not to talk, or- very specifically- press charges. We could charge him with obstruction if we wanted to, but we have absolute proof that he was not involved in the fight itself, and it would seem that he believes they have their own grievances.\" \"I see,\" Von said. \"Was there anyone who did make a statement?\" \"One did,\" Keogh said. \"We're fairly certain that he traded blows with Pat, and probably hit Jake. He refused to say anything about the fight itself, but he was quite insistent that he had witnessed what he believed to be a crime before the fight. He also clearly wanted us to believe, without putting it in so many words, that this act, rather than the prior dispute between the Native Sons and the Asian Invasion, was the cause of the altercation.\" \"Really,\" Von said. \"What did he say he saw? Off the record.\" \"He said he saw an individual, whom he quite confidently identified as Pat Peoples, run up to a woman with, quote, `strawberry blonde' hair,\" Keogh said, glancing very briefly at a file. \"He was clearly excited, and this woman and her companions were clearly very upset. In fact, the witness says the woman turned to run, before she was restrained by a female companion, and he very clearly heard the man say, `I'm calling the police'. He also says that Mr. Peoples kept saying, `I read your letter!' \"Then two other men arrived, matching the description of Jake Peoples and your husband, and restrained Pat. A third man, described as quote, `an old Indian guy, like a doctor or something', arrived and spoke to the woman's companions, and appeared to convince the man to put away his cell phone. He says that the woman and her companions promptly left, without entering the stadium, and Pat Peoples and his companions retreated to the Asian Invasion tent. Reading between the lines, the witness and others from the Native Sons followed them, either out of genuine concern or because of their grudge against the Asian Invasion, and things escalated from there.\" \"That's quite a story,\" Von said. \"I suppose this woman is your person of interest. Any proof she exists?\" \"Two other witnesses confirm some details of the story,\" Officer Keogh said. \"Then, of course, there's the matter of Mr. People's history. As I'm sure you know, he and his wife are in the process of a divorce, and he's under a restraining order prohibiting him from making contact with her. Actually, the order applies equally to Nikki, but she moved out of our jurisdiction. I'm responsible for keeping tabs on Pat, and off the record, a lot of people are very concerned.\" \"Has he tried to contact Nikki?\" Veronica asked. \"Yes, but not lately, and I'm sure I would know,\" Keogh admitted. \"Then you know he's dating Tiffany now,\" Von said. \"She tells me about you.\" \"Yes, I know about the situation with Tiffany,\" Keogh said, very uncomfortably. \"Whatever that situation is. Here's the problem, Mrs. Jackson. It's hard enough to enforce a restraining order against one person. A mutual restraining order is extra trouble, especially since we have to sort out who to charge for a violation. But where things get really tricky is third-party interference. When two people have had a close relationship with each other, there's always going to be other people that have relationships with both of them. There's nothing easier to do or harder for us to prove than trying to get around an order by enlisting help from one of those people. If it comes to that, even the laws are a bit hazy, especially on whether we can prosecute the third party.\" Officer Keogh folded his hands on the table. \"In Pat's case, there have been very specific concerns raised that he might attempt, or already have attempted, to circumvent the order with someone else's help. These include concerns about your family. You yourself are still in contact with Nikki, your husband is one of his closest friends, and now your sister is his girlfriend. It would all seem to be a perfect storm of potential circumvention.\" \"Do I need a lawyer for this conversation?\" Von mused. \"I'm not asking you anything,\" Keogh said. \"I just want you to know, people are asking questions. And strictly off the record, the questions aren't just about Pat. The more we've looked at this, the more Nikki seems like an unknown quantity, and maybe a missing piece. Like I mentioned, the restraining order applies to her as well was to him. She lives across a state line, so we can't keep an eye on her. On top of that, her other `ex' took a restraining order against her, specifically citing persistent communications asking him to support dropping charges against Pat. \"Nobody wants to have to re-incarcerate Pat, Mrs. Jackson. We don't want to press charges against someone just for trying to help patch things up between two friends. We don't even need to know what's really been going on. We just want to see things fixed up before we have to do something.\" Von nodded, and walked out. Ronnie was waiting for her, with a look on his face like a sad puppy. \"Pat and Jake are waiting outside,\" he said. She stifled him with a passionate kiss and a tight embrace, observing with satisfaction the surprised and approving glances of various passers-by. \"You're a good man and a good friend,\" she said. Then she whispered, \"Now if you want to be a friend… get my sister away from Pat.\"[Chapter 6] This chapter is ramping things up, especially for Von. To me, the role she's falling into here is what makes sense of her character, both per the book and the movie. Writing a \"tough\" female character isn't going out on a limb for me (in the kind of stories I usually write, there really isn't room for any other kind), but Von's on a different level than any of them unless it is (pardon the plug) Cass from my Terminator fan novel \"The Rookie\". I actually got a fair amount of sympathetic reader feedback about \"her\", and I am aiming for some of the same qualities in Von. \"I'm going to kill her!\" Jake declared. \"I knew something was up with Tiffany yesterday, as soon as she proposed the second bet! Seriously, I'm going to her house right now, and I'm going to tell her, if she goes near Pat, I'm going to kill her!\" He stormed out, slamming the door behind him. Pat, Senior sighed and bowed his head. \"Patricio,\" Jeanie said earnestly, \"Patricio, we have to do something! Say something!\" He opened his eyes again, and met Veronica's expectant gaze. \"You've got no proof,\" he said. \"You don't have one of these letters, you haven't seen any of these letters. No fuckin proof.\" \"Look at the circumstantial details, Mr. Peoples,\" Veronica said. \"Think about how Pat kept asking people for help getting a letter to Nikki- until he started spending time with Tiffany. Think about the envelope that Pat took from your study, and how Pat refused to give an answer when Jeanette asked him what he did with it. Think about what Tiffany said about Pat agreeing to dance with her in exchange for her help. Think about how she basically manipulated you into accepting a bet that would require Pat to go through with the contest! And think about this, even if I am wrong about what's happened, it's clear that we were all wrong about Pat, and Tiffany. His apparent improvements with her have not brought a resolution to his problems, including his manic urge to contact Nikki. At best, he has been able to exercise some control over his impulses. At worst, he has only learned to mask his mental state and real intentions while waiting for a better opportunity to go after what he wants.\" \"Do you think this would stand up in court?\" Patricio countered. \"It wouldn't have to,\" Von said. \"This isn't the 1950's, but it isn't the seventies either. Nobody wants to go back to electroshock and lobotomies, but people starting to ask whether it's really a good idea to let mental patients come and go like the hospitals had revolving doors. In this climate, even a suspicion that Pat had tried to do something inappropriate could be enough to have him returned to institutional care.\" \"What about Tiffany?\" Patricio said with a wave of his hand. \"She's your family ...\" Von went silent, though her nostrils flared and her face began to flush. Ronnie spoke: \"There was a mental competency hearing for Tiffany, around the time she lost her job. The records are sealed, but her case can be reviewed, and if any proceedings occur over her interactions with Pat, it will be.\" Patricio came to his feet. \"Don't hide behind your man, or your mumbo jumbo!\" he shouted directly at Von. \"I may not be a fuckin paralegal, but I know how those fuckin things work. Somebody had to ask a judge to lock her up. Only judges don't take requests from just anybody. Do they? No, the only people they usually listen to are the family. What the fuck did you do? Testify against your own sister? Or were you the one who got it going in the first place?\" His voice rose as he closed with her, until he saw something in her eyes behind her poker face. Then he murmured, almost in awe, \"Jesus fuckin Christ... whathefuck did she do?\" \"We try to help Tiffany keep out of trouble, the same way you do with Pat,\" Von said. Her voice was cold and forceful, though a tear ran down her cheek. \"I don't think anyone could imagine how bad she was then- except the people who've seen Pat. We hated what we did, but it was the only way to make her try to get her shit together. I was happy, I was proud of her when she beat everything. After seeing what she was able to do for herself, I really thought she would be good for Pat. I hoped the two of them could help each other. I was wrong, and I'm sorry. I apologize, to you and Jeanette, and Ronnie, and I would apologize to the two of them, too. But I can't allow the current situation to continue, Mr. Peoples. My sister has enough trouble as it is. \" \"Jeanie...?\" Patricio looked to his wife. She shook her head and covered her eyes. \"We already talked to her,\" Ronnie said. \"She agrees that it would be best for Pat and Tiffany to withdraw from the competition, and have no contact with each other for at least six months. If they will not agree to these terms, we are fully prepared to apply for a restraining order forbidding any further contact between her and Pat, and both their cases will be reviewed in court. She also made contact with Randall. He has agreed to nullify the parlay, in exchange for payment for your original bet. I am prepared to pay him, and provide you with as much money as you would win from the bet.\" \"Fuck off, I never asked for no fuckin charity,\" Patricio snapped. \"And what you're talkin' about would destroy Junior and Tiffany. Some people are better off apart, but a fuckin court order is no way to make it happen. That's why Junior's been so messed up over Nikki: He got so upset when they told him he couldn't even talk to her, he stopped thinking about what was wrong between them in the first place. I say, if you have two people with enough of their marbles to sit down and hear each other out, then let them do it, and they can figure out what's best. Anything else, and you're messing with the signs. You're fighting what's meant to be, and you can tell that to Randy.\" Ronnie turned a sad gaze to Veronica, and was unnerved to see her smiling. \"You have a point, Mr. Peoples,\" she said. \"It does seem possible that the restraining order are doing more harm than good. Pat clearly interprets the terms of the order, particularly the mutual nature, as a sign that Nikki is herself being forced away from him. The order also presents significant complications in settling their divorce proceedings, and of course, it is the principle reason the police are suspicious about Pat. \"So perhaps we can kill two birds with one stone here: Pat and Tiffany can be allowed to participate in the competition, and you can honor the terms of your parlay if you insist. To ensure that Pat is motivated, tell him Nikki might be there.\" Patricio and Jeanie looked at each other. \"Then I will ask Nikki if she will agree to a supervised meeting with Pat, after the dance. If she agrees, arrangements can be made to relax the terms of the restraining order. Then, if the cops and the courts give the matter any further attention, they will infer that both of them already wanted to arrange a meeting, and look the other way accordingly.\" \"What are you doing?\" Ronnie said as they walked to the car. \"What are you really doing?\" \"It's like what you told me Pat says,\" Von said with a too-sweet smile. \"Nobody should give up on a marriage. You agree, don't you?\" \"Honey... Of course I want to give Pat the chance to talk to Nikki about reconciling,\" Ronnie said. \"But we both know what the chances really are, even if she wanted it as much as he did. What happened already happened, and there were reasons it happened. The best thing for the two of them is and always was to make peace and move on.\" \"That's what I thought myself,\" Von said. \"But now, I have to disagree. I've talked to Nikki, and I know she's ready to give him another try if he asks. Besides, it's never too late to save a marriage... Right?\"[Chapter 7] Patricio huddled in the attic, watching Junior's wedding video on a little TV-VCR combination he didn't bother to mute. \"Talk to me, Phil,\" he said. \"The signs went wrong... and it's my fuckin fault. I thought sending Junior to the game would get the jinx off the fuckin Birds. So I told him, skip your practice with Tiffany, you already did plenty. I even said I thought maybe she was putting a jinx on the Birds. I broke 'em apart, same as I fucked up his marriage, and now everything's broken! The Birds are losers, my son's a fuckin loser, and I made em fuckin lose! Help me, Phil, you gotta fuckin help me!\" Suddenly he heard Jeanie's voice: \"Phil isn't here. Phil isn't real.\" Patricio looked up, and saw the Angel. The light from the Angel did not illuminate the surrounding attic. Instead, it burned pure white, straight into the back of Patricio's eyeballs, even when he covered his eyes in a vain effort to block it out. \"Fear not,\" said the Angel. It was Jeanie's voice, Jeanie as she had sounded when she had told him she would accompany him to the sockhop at age fourteen, and at the same time as she had sounded at twenty when she said yes, she would marry him; when she said he was going to be a father; when she said Junior was getting married; when she said Junior was coming home. It was the transmutation of the sum of every good and beautiful thing he had ever known, which was why it sounded like Jeanie. As Patricio looked upon the Angel, he dropped straight to the attic floor. Weak and terrified as an infant, he raised his head to look upon the Angel. He knew it for the Seraphim of the vision of Isaiah, but obviously the prophet had been unequipped to do justice to it. There were six wings upon the Angel. Two beat the air, two shrouded the body, and two, little more than canards, covered the head like a hood. But the wings were not like any bird's, without feathers, joints or even rigidity, but as flexible and ethereal as silk. The only thing like them he had beheld on a living thing had belonged to creature called a sea butterfly, a snail of all things, that he had once seen on a fishing trip with his old man. The outer wings of the Angel undulated as furiously yet rhythmically as the mantle of that shelless swimming mollusc had when it swam right out of a cupful of plankton, yet the Angel stood perfectly in place, just as if the purpose of its mighty efforts was to remain before the eyes of a mortal creature spinning on a mote of cosmic dust that spun round one ball of gas on the edge of a swirling galaxy hurtling through ever-expanding space. \"I'm sorry, God,\" Patricio said. \"I didn't understand the signs. No, I confess, I did something worse. I was proud. I thought I could change the signs. Please, don't punish Junior, or Tiffany. And whatever you do to me, please tell your Angel not to open those other wings .\" \"Fear not,\" said the Angel. \"But I am afraid,\" Pat said. \"I can't see the signs!\" \"Fear not!\" said the Angel, and it was like Jeanie telling Junior not to worry about the monsters under the bed. \"But what's the sign?\" he cried out. \" Fear not!\" And then Patricio was alone. An after note: The Angel here is based on a very old concept that previously surfaced in one of my fantasy/SF stories. A sketch of it is posted on my \"exotroopers\" blog.[Chapter 8] Veronica and Ronnie sat at the dining room table in their bathrobes. \"We gave each other a week,\" Von said. \"What do we have to show for it?\" \"Pat bought a ring today,\" Ronnie said. Von tilted her head in interest. \"He went off and did it himself when we were out, but he didn't hide it. He said he had some money that he'd kept with his personal effects, and he wanted to buy a gift for Jeanette. Then he showed it to me. It is just an opal.\" \"You fuckin idiot,\" Von said, pinching the bridge of her nose. \"Opals are big nowadays. It's `the unique engagement ring' . And not having to buy from either warlords or a South African cartel probably makes a good selling point. Then there's another fun fact, it's the October birthstone. Who do we know born in Octiober?\" \"Nikki...\" Ronnie put his face in his hands. \"That's circumstantial, though. Three out of the five years they were married, Pat forgot her birthday. Besides which, it's not really Nikki's kind of ring. It's called a black opal, mostly deep blue, but there's this red center that really looks like fire. The first thing I thought, and I know you're thinking it too: `This is for Tiffany... '\" There was a pause. \"You don't think...?\" \"What do you think?\" Von said. \"So I suppose that's it for the Pat front.\" She gave him a silent look, and he sighed. \"I talked to him about the game. He gave me this.\" He pushed a letter into her hands. \"Dear Pat,\" Von read, \"`I appreciate Tiffany acting as my liaison... Please remember she is taking significant risks, as am I... I respect your desire to pursue reconciliation, and especially your willingness to accept it as a possibility to explore rather than a foregone conclusion. I would be happy to come to your dance competition, though I can make no promises, and even if I come, you should not expect to see me. I believe that watching how you and Tiffany perform together could tell me much that I want to know in deciding our future, but I do not wish to be a distraction to you or to Tiffany…'\" Von laughed. \"`I can tell that Tiffany cares for you deeply, and would like to be far more than the good friend she is to you… I admire your desire to sustain a friendship with her, even if we reconcile. But I must say up front, I could not accept such an arrangement if we renewed our vows, nor would I accept it in her place. We have both been too close to you, even intimate, to share you. At some point, you are going to have to choose one of us and let the other go free.' Yeah, that's our drama queen. Oh, here's the kicker: `If we are unable to meet at the dance, please come to the park where you proposed. I promise that I will give you my answers there, if not in person then through our liaison.'\" Von smiled. \"Much better. You should lead with your strongest exhibit, Ronnie. Here's what I got.\" She pushed a dozen photocopied pages across the table. It was hand-written notes, riddled with corrections, annotations, insertions and wholesale crossing-out. Ronnie's drowsy eyes widened. \"I went in my parents' annex while Tiff was with Jeanette. I was awarded a key by the court, if you remember. I had to do a lot of looking, and Tiffany's going to know I was there. But I found the originals for these. My guess is it's a draft of a letter she plans to deliver at the park.\" \"It's all here,\" Ronnie said. \"This is her full confession. She admits making the offer to be his liaison with no intention of contacting Nikki, reading the full contents of his letters to her, and forging letters in Nikki's name. She even quotes samples of letters to prove it.\" \"It gets better,\" Von said, taking the other pages back. \"She goes on to say that she wanted a physical relationship with him as soon as they met, and that it was her intention to `do it with the lights out so I could pretend you were Tommy'. Mm, she says quite a bit more, you don't need to see that. Then she finishes by saying that, by getting to know him as a friend, she has been able to develop a much deeper appreciation for him. She says she is in love with him, and begs him to try to love her instead of continuing to endanger his freedom with his impossible quest to reunite with Nikki.\" \"You know what he told me when I convinced him to show me the letter?\" Ronnie said. \"He said he wrote it and all the others himself, without even talking to Tiffany. He said, I quote, `I just forgot it wasn't real.' He's ready to say he had a delusional episode. He'll be sent back, and he knows it, and he'll do it, just to make sure Tiffany and Nikki don't get in trouble.\" He sighed. \"We have to destroy these,\" he said. \"If anyone sees this, Pat's going away, and the only way Tiffany doesn't go to jail is if she loses another competency hearing. And that would be the real crime, because all that this really proves is that they actually found a way to work through their troubles. I am destroying these, right now.\" He walked briskly to the office, and the shredder buzzed. Nikki smiled. \"I'm erasing them from the computer, too!\" She glanced to her purse, where she kept a tablet computer and really did like to think her husband's manhood was stowed for safekeeping. She got up and met him with a kiss as he emerged from the office. \"There's one more thing I wanted to talk to you about,\" she said. \"I know what you're doing in the garage. I want you to know, if that's anything like a fetish you have going... I can keep an open mind.\" He pushed her to arm's length. \"What are you going to do?\" he said, knowing the answer. \"We are going to do what has to be done,\" Von said. She took him by the hand, and lead him toward the bedroom. \"We still don't really understand what's going on with Pat, but I know Tiffany. She's controlling your friend with a fantasy, and it has to stop. If we give him something real, it short circuits, and she learns a lesson.\" Ronnie halted in his tracks at the bedroom door. \"Von,\" he said, \"we need to talk. People can be wrong, Veronica. Tiffany was wrong. She admitted it in that letter. She was wrong about what Pat wanted, she was wrong about what kind of guy he was, and in the end, she was wrong about what she really wanted. We could be wrong about them, too! I still don't think the two of them together is a good idea, but I'm giving it an open mind, and you should too!\" She gave him a gaze that was utterly cold. \"But that's what this is really about, isn't it? I told you I'm sorry! I'm sorry that I let us get to a place where you thought you had to worry! But nothing happened. Nothing was ever going to happen!\" \"Then there's nothing to talk about,\" Von said. Then she shed her robe, and there was no more talking after that.[Chapter 9] This represents my first idea for a scene between Patricio and Randy, and I considered using it as the basis for a \"one shot\". The concept is real, and I have encountered it in several SF/ fantasy stories. Patricio was unusually reserved as they watched the Bengals game. Randall eyed the crooked remotes. \"What, no juju?\" he said. \"Fuck the juju,\" said Patricio. \"Maybe God just wants to watch the fuckin game.\" Randall nodded. After a while, the Eagles scored, drawing into the lead by four points. \"The odds on this game are close,\" he said. \"Everybody still calls Cincy the Bungles, but this season they've fielded their best team in a decade. And after the loss to the Giants last week, the Birds need this game if they're going to stay in the running for the playoffs.\" \"We'll see,\" said Patricio. At the half, both teams had scored again, but the Bungles had earned an extra point to narrow the lead to three. \"You know, Patricio, there's something I've been thinking about with the signs... Have you ever heard of the term `synchronicity'?\" \"Nope,\" Patricio said. \"Sounds like engineering crap.\" \"Actually, it's a concept of metaphysics, proposed by the psychiatrist Carl Jung,\" Randy said. \"He called it `an acausal theory of relationships'. The general observation is that sometimes, two things happen that are so similar and close together that it seems like they should be related, even if there's no apparent way that they could be. If you go by cause and effect, then you have to look for some hidden connection, like a third event that could effect them both, or discount it as coincidence. Jung figured, maybe there was a third possibility. Maybe there's a force or principle in the universe that guides seperate events to similar outcomes at about the same time. That's what he called synchronicity. \"Take that Cardinals game. At the end of the day, the reason the Birds choked- I mean the regular, cause and effect reason- was that they just got cocky. They figured, it was the fuckin Cards, what could go wrong. And you let the juju go because you were cocky, too. That's not cause and effect, and it's not coincidence, it's synchronicity. And maybe it happened with Junior, too. He went into a marriage without really being prepared for what it would take to make it work, and he tried to keep it going by coasting along instead of making the effort. He was just plain fuckin cocky, just like you and the fuckin Birds were about the Cards. Synchronicity.\" Patricio nodded, pursing his lips in thought. After a while, he straightened the remotes. \"Patricio,\" Randy said, \"do we need to talk about next Sunday? Because I've been hearing some talk. There's talk Junior and that girl might be breaking up. There's even talk Junior's wife might be coming back in the picture. Then there's some crazy talk that the police are looking at the girl for something. It seems to me, maybe it's better if they do back out.\" \"Don't worry 'bout none o' that,\" Pat said, \"everything's going to be fine.\" He thought to himself, synchronicity . The Eagles won by 14 points.[Chapter 10] I now have a complete draft of this story. After writing this scene, I settled on the ending. \"Welcome home, Ronnie,\" Von said as her husband entered. She was setting the table. There were three places. \"What's this?\" Ronnie said. \"Who's coming?\" Von was silent. Then the knock came at the door, and Ronnie answered it in resignation. \"Hello, Nikki.\" \"I'm glad you came,\" Veronica said, \"and I hope you will be comfortable if we talk about Pat.\" \"I just want to make sure he's okay,\" Nikki said. \"People are asking me questions…\" \"He's better than okay,\" Ronnie said. \"I hardly recognized him when I saw him. He has a better attitude too. He's really into self-help, and he's living it out. He made his motto, `Excelsior'...\" \"`Ever upward,\" Nikki said with a nod. \"I heard he's seeing Tiffany.\" \"They're dance partners,\" Von said. \"They spend a lot of time together, but they're just friends. He says it's good practice. Actually, they're going to be in a big recital this Sunday, and his family would like to extend you an invitation.\" \"There's a restraining order,\" Nikki said. \"They were the ones who made it apply to me.\" \"Yes, but they've realized that was a mistake,\" Von said. \"Patricio says, it's better if you can meet together and work things out.\" \"Work things out...?\" Von met her husband's eyes, and he knew his cue. \"He's still crazy about you!\" he blurted out. He lowered his eyes from Von's frown. \"No, I don't mean- well, you know what I mean! He still loves you, he isn't mad at you, and he understands that there were a lot of problems in your marriage that he caused. He wants a chance to do better.\" Nikki looked to Von. \"He is better,\" she said. \"To be honest, he's improved so much, I had a hard time believing that going back to you would be an improvement. But then I got to understand that you're the reason he's done so well. Everything he's done has been to win you back.\" \"They said he tried to write letters to me,\" Nikki said. \"There was the football game…\" \"That was a misunderstanding,\" Von said. \"As far as Pat's concerned, it never happened. Actually, we're just finding out that there were problems with his medications. Apparently, two of them don't always go together, and one of the problems is that people mix up what's present and what's past. He remembered the letters you used to send each other in college, and he thought you were trying to write to him now. They changed the meds, and he's better. \" \"I see,\" Nikki said. \"Then how does being with me help him?\" \"You're part of his past,\" Ronnie said. \"You can remind him what happened when, and what didn't.\" \"Right!\" said Von. \"And another thing is, you're so calm, and stable. You're good at listening, and you don't start arguments. Oh, and you wouldn't believe how good he looks… Tell her, Ronnie…\" Ronnie nodded and opened his mouth, mustering the prepared bill of goods in his mind... but he literally couldn't talk. \"Look, Nikki, I think you and Pat had a good thing together,\" he said. \"I think you could have it again, better than before. And you should meet together, at least once. But I don't think you should come to the dance competition. Please don't. It's not that Pat isn't ready for it... I don't think you are.\" Von and Nikki embraced each other at the door. \"Thank you for coming, and thank you for agreeing to come to the competition,\" Von said. \"And remember, whatever happens, you'll always be the one who introduced me to my Ronnie.\" \"Actually,\" Nikki said, \"you introduced me to Pat, too.\" \"Was it? I forget.\" \"Yeah, it was one of our double dates! Pat was your date, and Elizabeth set me up with Ronnie, which I found out later was because Pat asked her to find him a date, and somewhere along the way we switched off.\" \"You're right, I do kinda remember that,\" Von said. \"Actually,\" Nikki said, a little more boldly, \"I felt bad, because Elizabeth told me Pat was your steady boyfriend.\" \"Did she? I don't know where she would have gotten that idea.\" Von embraced her old roommate again, and smiled like a shark. \"Well, I will see you Sunday!\"[Chapter 11] It was in Pat's dreams that he saw the Angel. He was on his old man's boat, watching his old man sleep, when something lit up the twilight sky bright as day. The Angel's form was like the first, but he was sure it was not the same one that usually visited him. The light that came from it was different, not pure and scalding white, but actinic blue around the mantle wings and scintillating red-gold in the shrouded face and body. It dropped from the heavens like a meteor, with its outer wings half-furled like a diving eagle, and its second pair drawn tightly over its already shrouded face. It seemed that one wing was lame, and it was obvious that it was going to crash. But the Angel banked and bore up within a foot of the water's surface, and it shot upward before descending again, to hover almost within arm's length of the boat. His old man kept sleeping. \"Who are you?\" Patricio said, leaning forward over the edge of the boat. \"You may call me Excelsior, because I will always rise, even when I fall,\" said the Angel, and its voice was Tiffany's. \"I'm the one looking out for your fucked-up son while he learns to fuckin take care of himself.\" \"Holy shit, you just said the f-word,\" Patricio said. \"Angels aren't allowed to drop the f-bomb. Are they?\" \"I'm a fuckin angel,\" said Excelsior. \"We can break the rules, if it's for His mission. And I handle special assignments, so I have more leeway than most. That's why I'm talking to you.\" \"Yes, thank you!\" Patricio shouted. \"I believe! Just give me the sign!\" Excelsior drew back, and Patricio ran after it. He promptly discovered that one couldn't count on walking on water, even in dreams. The water came up to Patricio's chin, though he knew it was barely four feet deep. \"Come on, if you're on a mission from God, tell me the sign!\" The Angel leaned down, and Patricio averted his eyes from the blinding brilliance that came through the veil of the mantle. \"The only sign we will give you is, fear not, \" said Excelsior \"Have no fuckin fear. No more fuckin guilt, either. And stop asking for fuckin signs, and start reading the ones that are fuckin in front of you. The sign is, fear not. \" \"I understand,\" Patricio said. \"It's Tiffany. She is the sign. And the sign means, whether the Birds win or lose, whether Junior wins or loses, even whether he wins or loses her , he can get through it, because he has you watching out for him.\" \"Fuckin finally,\" Excelsior said. Then the Angel shot up to the heavens. \"Glad you could be here, Randy,\" Patricio said. \"I want you to see Junior and his girl win!\" \"That's good, because seeing it's the only way I'll believe it,\" Randall said. \"Seems to me you should have scouted this event, Patricio. I don't know dance, but I know talent when I see it. I see lots of it, but I don't see it when I look at Junior, or his broad. And say, where are they?\" \"You don't need to see them, you just gotta see the signs,\" Patricio said. \"I thought you'd know by now, Randall, you bet against the signs, you get burned, baby!\" \"Patricio... seriously, I can't get you,\" Randy said. \"Usually, when you do these things, you got a reason, even if it's not any kinda reason that would make any kinda sense to anybody else. But this is a whole other kinda crazy. Why do you think the Birds are going to beat my Cowboys? Why do you think your son will score in this dance contest? And why do you think it's going to happen on the same night?\" \"It's synchronicity, Randy!\" Patricio exclaimed happily. \"It's the game, it's the contest, it's the two of them, and you know what? My bet is on them, and even if I lose every dime to you, it will be worth it just to show I believe in Junior, and I believe in her.\" Randy carefully appraised Patricio's grin. \"Damn it, Patricio,\" he said, \"you almost make me wanna lose. Almost .\" \"That's readin' the signs, Randy,\" Patricio said. \"It's all there to see... Waita minute. Waita fuckin minute. Whathefuck is this?\" Nikki was walking in between Ronnie and Von. \"What's goin on, Patricio?\" Randy muttered. \"Any new problems?\" \"No,\" Patricio said as he met Von's smug and smiling gaze, \"just one fuckin old one.\" This chapter started out as about half of chapter 7. I moved some \"set-up\" forward to round this out. I expect it will be obvious that the next chapter is going to be Von \"vs\" Patricio, which I hadn't actually planned on. Once I thought about it, I concluded that the two were perfect to play off each other. Patricio appealed to me from the start as a character that, given a situation, would respond in pretty predictable ways, which is the kind of character I like working with. (I also truly find a schizophrenoid character to be relatable and understandable, which I'm absolutely certain from long experience is just me.) Von is the kind of character I have to envision doing any number of things for any number of reasons, which is what has made this interesting.[Chapter 12] \"Hey, Patricio!\" Ronnie called out. He waved back to his wife and her companion, Junior's wife Nikki. \"Look who could make it! It's practically a Christmans miracle!\" \"It's a fuckin disaster,\" Patricio said. \"Look, we agreed she could be here, but it was supposed to be low profile. Come in, watch the dancing, have a talk, exchange some papers, no big deal. We didn't say nothin about marching her straight in the front door! And where's she gonna fuckin sit?\" \"With us,\" Von said as she and Nikki caught up. \"Front and center... Here, Nik, why don't you go find our seat?\" Patricio shook his head. \"What about Tiffany?\" \"We'll go talk to her,\" Von said. She led Ronnie upstairs by the arm. It was a matter of minutes before Jeanie said, \"We can't find Tiffany.\" Patricio stalked upstairs. He glimpsed a slamming door at one end of the hall, and Von and Ronnie walking the other way. He tailed the pair, and when Von excused herself to go into an open, empty room, he followed. As soon as he was inside the door, she slammed it behind him. \"You looking for me? Then let's talk,\" she said. \"Junior will find her,\" Patricio said. \"He will leave with her.\" \"If my sister doesn't break up with your son tonight,\" Von said, \"I'm going to court tomorrow.\" \"I don't fuckin get you, Von,\" Patricio said. \"You know Pat, and you know Tiffany, and you know Nikki too, and still you move heaven and earth to put a woman who can hardly raise her voice back together with a guy who doesn't know when to shut up. What gives? Whathefuck's your game? What is it between you and Tiffany?\" \"You want to know, I'll paint you a picture,\" Von said. \"Picture me, two weeks after I had my baby. I'm disgusting, I'm exhausted, Em's learning to really be fussy. But my wonderful husband has been so helpful and completely understanding, and my baby sister has just offered to help around the house for a little extra money while she's getting back on her feet. So we're all together for brunch in bed, I have Em in my arms for her midday meal, and what do I see? My sweet little sister, looking my wonderful husband over the way she does when she's getting ready to jump on a man like a tiger on a piece of meat. And then I see this look on her face that says, she knows she can take him.\" \"Holy fuck,\" Patricio said, \"and you set her up with my son?\" Von shrugged. \"Bottom line? It's better to throw the tiger your leftovers than let it in your dining room. I knew he would give her a challenge, too. For what it's worth, I thought there was a chance he would get away. Sorry, Mr. Peoples, but you've got your family, and I have to deal with mine. But when she started acting like she cared for him, when she finally got interested in something more than a quick lay after what she was going to do to me ... that was too much.\" \"So that's it?\" Patricio said. \"You're willing to break your sister's heart, and Junior's, and Ronnie's, and drag Nikki into it to boot, all to punish her for something that didn't happen?\" \"Didn't happen, Mr. Peoples?\" Von said. \"Nightmares are made of the things that don't happen. It's the things that didn't happen that make you worry what could have happened, and could still happen, and what could be happening. It's what makes me want to brain the father of my baby every time he tells me no, of course not, he would never cheat, so stop asking where he's been...\" \"Whathefuck do you expect?\" Patricio said. \"No man wants to tell his woman he's weak, never mind a woman like you! We have a hard enough time admitting it to ourselves. And you should know, as a lawyer and somebody who's been in-laws with a cop, that nobody knows what kind of crazy, stupid thing people might do until they actually do it. Are you mad that after all these years, he's still got enough pride to tell you what he wants to believe?\" \"It's not about Ronnie,\" Von said. \"It's Tiffany. She has to learn, there are men she can't have. My men .\" Patricio nodded. \"Now we're getting down to it, aren't we?\" She reached for the door, but he blocked her path. \"I knew about you. Junior wrote home about you. He said you were fun, but so bossy. Makes me wonder where Nikki really fits in all this. Is keeping her with Pat what you need to feel better about losing him? Or is it your idea of payback? And let's talk about you a minute. You know what kind of bad place your sister was in when she thought about hurting you. So whathefuck is your excuse? What kinda fuckup did it take to make you want to do this? Did you just look yourself in the mirror one morning and say, `I'm going to hurt four people for the rest of their lives this month'?\" \"Get out of my way, Mr. Peoples, or I will scream,\" Von said. \"Do whatever you want,\" Patricio said. \"It won't change the facts. Holding onto hope can tear your guts out; just look at Pat. But holding onto a grudge will rot you from the inside out, and so will holding onto your control. And you can take it from me, when you try to control everything, that's when you lose it all.\" Von's lips peeled back in a snarl, and she raised her hand as if to scratch or slap. Instead, she threw her arms around Patricio and started to sob.[Chapter 13] Here's the \"wrap-up\" chapter, which is mostly what I already had in mind. The lyric at the opening is from my pick for the best \"Passenger\" song I've run across; if anyone wants to look it up, I would recommend a \"Tram Session\" video. Thanks to everyone who comes through all the way! Von and Ronnie ate breakfast by ther fireplace, listening to Passenger: \"Sometimes you can't change, and you can't choose, And sometimes it seems you gain less than you lose. Now we got holes in our hearts, Yeah we got holes in our lives... Well we've got holes, we got holes, but we carry on.\" Ronnie was telling her about watching the last game of the Birds' season at the Peoples household the day before. \"I still say, you should have been there week before last,\" Ronnie said. \"Pat asked me to invite you, and I told you something was going to happen. It was the whole family, and Tiffany was getting along with everybody, especially Patricio... She even went along with it when he caught a neighbor kid wearing a Vikings shirt under his jacket... Then when the game started, she just climbed in Pat's lap, and I swear, they hardly moved until the last time-out. Then, right before the Birds went for the touchdown instead of the goal, he asked her to go help Jeanette get the crab cakes out of the oven. Then when she came back, he was on one knee... Of course, practically everybody had a camera out... And you know what she did? She took his hand, sat back down and said,`Pat, I'm going to tell you something you don't know... I love football.' Then DeSean made the throw, and everybody shouted, `YEEESSS!'\" She glanced up from a magazine and smiled. \"And hey, Pat wanted to tell you thank you for handling the papers, helping Nikki... Say, is it true she met with Tiffany this week?\" \"Yes, Nikki asked for it, so I convinced Tiff to come along for a meeting,\" Von said. \"It was kind of funny, they didn't really talk about Pat. Tiff told Nikki a bit about Pat's self-help stuff, but mostly, Nikki kept asking questions about assertiveness training, and Tiff told her a lot. Then we all shook hands, and Nikki went home.\" Ronnie nodded. \"It sounds like she's going after what's good for her right now,\" he said. \"I always said, what Nikki needs most is to learn to stand up for herself. I always knew that's why Pat didn't take care of her the way he should have, and I think it's the real reason she had the affair with the other guy; she just couldn't put her foot down with either of them. That self-help stuff, it really could turn things around for her, you know, show her she can run her own life. Then, in a year or two, who knows, she might be ready to try with a guy who's good for...\" His already nervous banter trailed off at his wife's downcast gaze. \"Ronnie,\" she said with dry eyes but a quavering voice, and then she thrust a manilla envelope into his hands. \"If this is what you want, I'll give it to you. I'll give you anything you want. Just... let me see Em.\" He leaned over to look at her. \"Von... If you need an answer, there's nothing to say.\" Pat surveyed the sports section. The Birds were done, and they hadn't gone all the way, but that was okay. Now, the sports page was alight with stories about contract renegotiations and draft picks, including a deal to keep DeSean Jackson. \"Synchronicity,\" he said. Then he picked up to make the call, and tell what needed to be done. Not because it was the alternative to something bad, but because it was good, and it was meant to be. \"Hey, Junior!\" he said. \"Yeah, I know, but they got a long way, and things are looking very good for next season... I saw it, tha man's still there... Well, actually, no, that's not what I wanted to talk to you about. I'll tell you why, I wanted to ask you a question... You ready to marry that girl yet?... Of course, but I mean the ceremony... You don't know when? Well,then, I've got an idea for that... How about today?\" Veronica ran toward the sound of Emily's cries, while Ronnie tried to figure out how to silence the squeal of the smoke alarm that had woken her. ","Summary":" After getting positive feedback for \"Letters to Tommy\", I decided it was worth doing at least one"},{"Movie":"Cats Don't Dance","Title":"Darla's Christmas Carol","Author":"PerkyGoth14","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11663080","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Based on an RP and the classic Charles Dickens story that has been done to death by literally everybody else. Only OC's are owned and everybody else belongs to their respective owners. This is a Christmas present for all my readers, watchers, and friends. Happy Holidays, everyone! It was the merry month of December and all were in anticipation of the holidays. Everything was decorated and all was cheery and happy for the season to be jolly. However, there was one unhappy child. Darla was wearing a red Santa hat with a pink bow sewn into it, wearing a pink winter coat with a white and lighter pink striped scarf, she was wearing a green skirt with red and white dots, and black boots. She had to stay after school today since it was the last day before Winter Break and she was looking rather grinchy than happy like her classmates. \"Darla, are you sure you don't want to go home? I could call your parents and tell them to pick you up.\" Her teacher assured. \"Whatever...\" Darla grumbled as she came into the classroom. Darla's teacher could tell something was wrong, but she decided not to call Darla's adoptive family if she didn't want them to come. She then took out tissue paper of red, white, and green colors and put them in a corner for now. The other kids were putting up their glittering white paper snowflakes they made earlier that week in Arts and Crafts. \"I hope Aunt Anita and Uncle Roger can make it,\" Amber, was of course, the happiest of all the kids due to being nearly constantly cheerful. \"It'll be just so much fun to sing carols with Uncle Roger on the piano.\" That sounds great, Amber, I can't wait to spend Christmas with my grandparents with Mom and Dad baking cookies.\" A girl student smiled. Patrick's car was seen driving up to the school, obviously to pick up Darla. Darla groaned slightly, she recognized Patrick's car and walked over to it and hopped in the backseat. The others called to her, hoping to see her tonight at the pageant, but Darla gave forced smiles and waves, though they did not seem sincere. \"So, how was school today?\" Patrick smiled. \"It was fine...\" Darla said as she helped herself to the seat-belt. \"You sure? You don't seem like yourself.\" Patrick said out of concern. \"I'm fine...\" Darla sighed as she stared out the window. Patrick then drove the car to home. \"Are you excited about tonight?\" \"Sure... Excited...\" Darla folded her arms. Patrick could tell there was something wrong, but he tried not to pry at it and make Darla feel worse than she already was. Darla sighed as she stared out the window and saw happy children doing their favorite winter activities: Building snowmen, making snow angels, baking cookies, and decorating the tree. \"So, um, can you guess what we'll be doing as soon as we get home?\" Patrick asked, trying to break the ice between them. \"What's that?\" Darla slightly mumbled. \"We'll be baking Christmas cookies and decorating the tree and also maybe build a snowman.\" Patrick told her. \"Fantastic...\" Darla sounded uninterested again, even more than when Amber of all people would invite her to do such activities. Patrick was still worried. \"Hope you still got your lovely singing voice for tonight...\" he chuckled anxiously. \"I bet you're happy for your friend Anne-Marie too, this'll be her first Christmas with a real family.\" \"Hmm...\" Darla turned her face. The rest of the ride home wasn't any much better. Meanwhile, Cherry was even in a Santa hat and she carried a bowl with paper in it, she was in the church that was once abandoned from her ancestors, but currently a home to Forte. \"Merry almost Christmas, Cerise.\" Forte said. \"Mm-hmm...\" Cherry said, shuffling the bowl a little. Forte took a name out of the bowl, he kept it to himself, but looked curious. \"Um, what is this exactly?\" \"Secret Santa,\" Cherry explained. \"You take a name out of a hat, and the name you pick out, you have to buy a present for, but you keep it a secret until you give the present. I was thinking some friends we've made during adventures could stop by today, pick out a name, and send gifts from all around the universe.\" \"Don't they have Santa where you're from?\" Cherry asked. \"Oh, non...\" Forte shook his head. \"We called him Saint Nicholas from 280 AD... Cerise, do you believe in Santa Claus?\" \"Not so much anymore now that I'm older, but if a little kid's around, I pretend for their sake...\" Cherry shrugged as she shook up the bowl until someone would come pick a name out of it. \"Well, that's a good thing to know.\" Forte said. \"Yeah...\" Cherry shook the bowl again, anxiously waiting for someone to arrive. \"COME ON ALREADY!\" Lightning flashed from the closet door which only meant one thing... \"Oh, the Spellmans are here!\" Cherry cheered slightly. \"...I hope...\" \"Yes, let us hope that is them.\" Forte said. And to their luck, it truly was the Spellmans. \"Oh, thank you...\" Cherry looked relieved. \"I never thought I'd be so happy to see you guys.\" \"Hey, Cherry...\" Sabrina greeted as she took the bowl and pulled a name out. Salem hopped up on the table. \"Secret Santa's, eh? I remember when we did this with Uncle Quigley.\" \"Yeah, except you made every name into yours!\" Hilda reminded him. \"What can I say, I just loved getting presents.\" Salem said innocently. The Spellman sisters rolled their eyes. \"Could we pick names too?\" Zelda asked. \"If you want...\" Cherry shrugged. \"I put every name I could think of in this bowl.\" Hilda and Zelda also drew names. \"Can I draw a name too?\" Salem asked \"Sure.\" Cherry held out the bowl to him. Salem smiled as he drew out a name and tucked it into the Christmas sweater Hilda and Zelda made him wear. \"At least Drell's not here...\" Cherry mumbled under her breath with a rather wicked chuckle. But then her chuckle was ruined with three familiar shadows one of them shadowing over her. \"He's right behind me, isn't he?\" Cherry bit her lip instantly. Hilda, Zelda, Salem, and Sabrina slowly nodded. \"Merry Christmas!\" Cherry grinned anxiously, showing the bowl out to them. \"Merry Christmas.\" Drell said. Skippy waved, tipping his hat. Penelope took a name out of the hat, already knowing the custom. Drell took one name out, but didn't like it. \"I hardly know him...\" he placed the name back. \"Drell, it's a Secret Santa, whoever's name you pick out of, you have to stick with it until Christmas day, so whatever name you take out now will be your Secret Santa, no exceptions.\" Cherry scolded. \"Oh, fine...\" Drell put his hand back in, picked out a name, then smirked rather darkly to Cherry's way, which made the others look to him, then her, and then him again. \"Oh, I picked my Secret Santa... I guess he or she is in for a treat... I just wonder what to give them this year...\" Cherry slowly shut her eyes. \"For the love of butter, PLEASE let him draw again!\" Drell put the name in his pocket and didn't allow the name to be put back. \"Okay, my turn.\" Skippy said, putting his hand in the hat before he drew out a name. \"What's that?\" Drell pointed up. \"Cherry, you have moss on your ceiling.\" \"It's mistletoe,\" Cherry said, then jumped out of his way, knowing what it would mean and would happen if she was stuck under it with him. \"If two people are under the mistletoe together, they must kiss.\" \"She's right.\" Penelope added. Skippy took the name out of the hat, he looked to Zelda and noticeably blushed, but he kept quiet, like his old self. \"I wonder what Atticus and Mo are doing with their families.\" Penelope said. \"Atticus and Mo are going to Darla's school tonight, there's a pageant,\" Cherry explained. \"The second graders are gonna sing a song together and their teachers are gonna give them each a gift before they leave.\" \"How nice...\" Salem smirked. \"Think I could pose as a second grader?\" \"SALEM!\" Hilda and Zelda scolded. \"What? It was a joke!\" Salem laughed nervously. \"Note to self: After Salem's 100 years are up, turn him into a cow if he screws up again.\" Drell said after conjuring up a tape recorder. \"Well, I'm sure Darla must be excited.\" Penelope smiled. \"I would hope so, she's a little kid after all.\" Cherry shrugged. \"Are you going to the pageant too?\" Sabrina asked. \"I might...\" Cherry shrugged again. \"I was invited...\" \"Great.\" Sabrina smiled.[Chapter 2] At the Fudo house, there definitely was Christmas spirit there, well almost, except for one little girl. Jessica was even home, she giggled once she saw some decorations that looked like they were made by little kids, in fact, they were. They were her old decorations she made in school when she was around Darla's age. Darla was in her bedroom and stared out the window as everyone else was merry and festive, but she was not. She looked as good as the Grinch in Whoville and she sulked slightly. \"Who wants to put the angel up?\" Emily asked as she took out the top ornament. \"I think it should be Darla.\" Atticus suggested. \"Yes...\" Jessica agreed, then looked around. \"Where is she?\" \"Darla, we're putting the tree up, you should help us!\" Emily called from downstairs. Darla put her hands to her face and shook her head as she continued to sulk in her bedroom. \"I... Hate... Christmas...\" she mumbled to herself. \"Hello! Darla, are you okay?!\" Patrick called. \"Maybe I should check on her.\" Atticus said. \"She's been mopey like that all day...\" Patrick frowned. \"Hmm...\" Emily hummed. \"Wonder what's wrong...\" Atticus went up and knocked on the door. \"Go away!\" Darla demanded. \"Come on, Darla, it's Christmas,\" Atticus said. \"Come downstairs and put the star on the tree, please?\" Darla folded her arms, she then took a deep breath, and followed him downstairs. \"How could you be grumpy on a holiday like Christmas?\" Atticus asked her. \"It's none of your business...\" Darla scowled. Emily smiled to Darla and handed her the topper ornament. \"Come on, Darla, you can do it if you put your mind to it!\" she cheered with a laugh. Darla rolled her eyes, she climbed up the step ladder and put the star on and growled. \"There, happy?\" she mumbled, still rather miserable. \"I don't like this tone, Darlene...\" Patrick sounded strict. \"I hope you don't act this way during your pageant.\" \"Yeah, everyone's going to be there.\" Jessica said. Darla hummed firmly, she climbed down and went straight back up to her room and slammed the door behind her. \"What has gotten into her?\" Emily sighed. \"I haven't seen her act like this before.\" \"This is out-of-character...\" Atticus agreed. \"I'm still gonna find out, whether she wants me to or not.\" \"I know you'll find out what the deal is.\" Jessica believed in her younger brother. Atticus started his way back to Darla's room to find out what was wrong with her. Patch walked across the room, looking ready for the holiday. \"Oh, Patch, my mother sent this just for you!\" Patrick forced Patch into a red sweater with a green collar and cuffs, and it had blinking white lights on it. Patch paused and stared at the sweater, rolling his eyes slightly. \"Terrific...\" he mumbled. \"Oh, come on, it's not so bad.\" Emily said. \"Yeah, easy for you to say...\" Patch lightly chuckled as he scratched behind his ear. \"I just hope evil takes a holiday for the Pound Puppies.\" \"I'm sure it will.\" Jessica soothed. Patch smiled and stretched, joining the family in their Christmas traditions. Darla was sitting in her desk chair, staring out the window as she stroked Maisy like a Bond villain. \"Okay, Darla, why are you petting me like a James Bond villain?\" Maisy asked. \"What?\" Darla then noticed what she was doing. \"Oh, sorry...\" Maisy screeched and dropped from her hold to take another nap. Darla rolled her eyes and continued to stare out the window. \"Darla, open up or I'm coming in!\" Atticus called. \"I'd like to see you try!\" Darla retorted, she had barricaded the door with her bed, a toy chest, her computer, and her shoe boxes. But she had forgotten something, Atticus had the strength of Hercules, so getting inside was a challenge, but not a big challenge. \"One... Two... THREE!\" Atticus called, he didn't get the door open at first, he then suggested that she must have barricaded, so he slammed the door down, but fell over Darla's other stuff. \"Darla, what's this all about?\" \"None of your business, I just wanna be alone!\" Darla ran out of her room. Atticus tried to grab her, but she was quicker than she looked. Darla went in the bathroom, locked the door, and sat down in front of it, hugging her knees as she looked very upset over something. \"Man, who knew Darla was such a Scrooge?\" Atticus scoffed. \"A Scrooge?\" Maisy laughed. \"What's next, three ghosts visit her?\" This then gave Atticus an idea that just might help them with Darla's attitude. Maisy yawned and stretched, going to take another nap. Atticus was still curious about Darla, but he was going to try out his idea. He then called Cherry since Mo should be on the way by now. Cherry gave a forced smile after more Secret Santas had come, then answered his phone. \"Cherry the Elf, what's your favorite color?\" she greeted. \"Hey, Cherry, look, Darla is being a Scrooge and we need to find out why and also to get her into the Christmas spirit and I think I might have an idea how we can do it.\" Atticus told her. \"And just how do we do that?\" Cherry asked as there were a few names left in the bowl. \"This reminds me of when I tried to make Gem like Christmas...\" Sabrina spoke up. \"By using some Equestrian magic.\" Atticus said before telling Cherry his entire idea/plan. \"Oh, boy...\" Cherry sighed a little. \"Just trust me, okay, here's what we do...\" Atticus started to explain. Cherry listened while she worked at the same time, but once she got everything, she planned on coming to the elementary school Christmas pageant and meet them there when she would be done, she then hung up. \"Great... Yet another Christmas Carol...\" she sighed about this plan, but she would go through with it. \"Need any witch magic?\" Sabrina offered, taking out her wand. \"I think Equestria's got this covered, Sab.\" Cherry told the teenage half-witch. \"Oh, okay, just wanted to offer some help.\" Sabrina said. \"Well, I dunno...\" Cherry shrugged. \"We'll see I guess...\" Sabrina shrugged too. \"Have fun at the pageant, sorry I can't go, but decorating the house is so exhausting.\" \"Can't you just zap your house ready?\" Cherry asked. \"Aunt Hilda and Aunt Zelda said carolers might see us...\" Sabrina stood up and got ready to go. \"Well, see ya around!\" \"Bye, Sabrina!\" Cherry waved. \"His plan will work.\" Forte said. \"Yeah, yeah, it's Atticus...\" Cherry said as she then filed her nails since the bowl was nearly empty. \"Aren't you concerned for Darla yourself?\" Forte asked. Cherry shrugged. \"She's not my family.\" \"No, but she the adopted little sister of your best friend who's like a brother to you.\" Forte said. Cherry looked to the screen, breaking the fourth wall. \"Is he guilt tripping me? He's freakin' guilt tripping me!\" \"Think of how Atticus's family must feel,\" Forte told her. \"They have a Merry Christmas and Happy New Year coming up and their new relative to celebrate her first with a real family, but she's as mad as a hippo with a hernia.\" \"You've been hanging around Zazu again, haven't you?\" Cherry glanced at him for that unusual euphemism. \"Yes, I have.\" Forte nodded. Cherry rolled her eyes. \"I was gonna already help, you know...\" \"Sure you were.\" Forte said. Cherry looked at the last few names. \"Alright... Now Atticus, Mo, and Darla need to pick their names, I'll wait until later...\" she then put a top over the bowl. \"Great.\" Forte smiled. Cherry went to meet her parents and tell them that she was leaving now to Darla's school since it was getting close to the time. Christmas in the Brown house usually either meant that Aunt Sarah would come over with her cats or not, no one could tell, only if she appeared or not. Mo and the dogs hoped she wouldn't come over, but James and Elizabeth hoped she would. Mo held her brother's hand down the stairs as Elizabeth was on the phone with the woman now. \"Aunt Sarah might come over...\" she groaned, looking to see how Junior felt about his great-aunt, she often spoiled him for being the baby of the house. \"Well, let's hope that if she does, she gets to be in the Christmas spirit.\" Scamp said. \"Scamp...\" Junior smiled, hugging his dog best friend. Scamp smiled and nuzzled against him. \"Sad news,\" Elizabeth frowned slightly. \"Aunt Sarah might not make it for Christmas, so far, the flights are delayed so far and she might not be able to leave her house by plane.\" \"Oh, what a shame...\" Mo chuckled. \"Guess we'll have to suffer without her.\" \"Now, come on, Mo, it's Christmas.\" Elizabeth said. Mo sighed at her adoptive mother. \"Sorry, Mom...\" Elizabeth then went to comb Junior's hair since it was almost time for the Christmas pageant. \"Mo, I want you to have something,\" James walked over with a beautiful pink necklace with ruby trinkets attached to it. \"This belonged to my mother... I was always hoping I would have a daughter to give it to one day and I thought you would like it.\" he then hooked it around her neck. \"I'm not crazy about jewelry, but thanks, Dad!\" Mo smiled proudly. \"You're welcome, dear.\" James smiled back. Mo sniffled as she hugged her adoptive father. She was happily adopted ever since the Fourth of July. James and Elizabeth may not had been her real parents, but they became the parents she had always wanted since the perished punishment of her biological ones. Angel smiled too, joining in the moment as she finally had a family too. Colette wandered into the house with a tennis ball in her mouth that had a golden ribbon on it, she then set it down under their tree. \"Perfect! Oh, I hope he'll love it...\" \"Oh, I'm sure that Patch will love anything you give him, dear.\" Lady smiled. \"Thanks, Mom...\" Colette nuzzled against her mother. Lady smiled, happily nuzzling her back. Danielle giggled as she ran in with a slipper. \"Danielle, where did you get that?\" Lady gave her tomboy daughter a look. \"Nowhere...?\" Danielle smiled innocently. \"Danielle?\" Lady asked suspiciously. \" DARLING, WHERE'S MY OTHER SLIPPER!? \" James called from upstairs. \"Uh, I guess maybe it was from here...\" Danielle chuckled nervously. She truly did take after her brother. \"Put it back, you can find something else for Copper.\" Lady giggled. Danielle sighed, she picked up the slipper, and went back to James and Elizabeth's bedroom to return the slipper. \"Wait, how'd you know it was for Copper?\" \"Lucky guess.\" Lady smirked, knowing her daughter secretly liked the hound dog, even if she didn't believe in romance due to being a tomboy. \"Um, okay, I'll take your word for it.\" Danielle said. Lady chuckled. \"I wish we could go to the pageant.\" Angel pouted. \"Don't worry, I'll tape it for you guys.\" Mo promised. \"Thanks, Mo.\" Angel smiled. \"Of course,\" Mo smiled back. \"Anything for my best friends.\" This made Angel smile and nuzzle up to her best friend/owner. Mo smiled, hugging Angel right back. \"Oh, I love you, Angel...\" Angel nuzzled her back. After Junior had his hair combed, Mo went ahead to meet Cherry and Atticus so they could go to the pageant together. \"I sure hope this works.\" Patrick said once they were told about Atticus's plan. \"We'll try later tonight if she acts up.\" Atticus told his father. Jessica and Emily nodded. Darla got on her coat and joined her new family to drive to the school once it got really dark.[Chapter 3] Amber smiled as she walked with her parents, very excited. \"Are you ready, Amber?\" Her father asked. \"Oh, absolutely...\" Amber smiled. \"I just know this year will be a pleasant surprise.\" \"Break a leg, dear.\" Her mother hugged back. Dave and Ms. Miller came by with the Chipmunks and Chipettes as well. Brittany was looking in a mirror to make sure her hair was nice and would catch a lot of attention. \"Brittany, you look perfect.\" Jeanette assured her. \"Of course you think so, just look at yourself!\" Brittany retorted. Jeanette and Eleanor sighed to their drama queen of a sister. \"No pranks now, Alvin, Santa's watching and so am I!\" Dave folded his arms. \"Who me?\" Alvin chuckled. \"Pranks? Surely you think I've matured since last year!\" \"I don't know, you tell me?\" Dave asked, showing every prank Alvin had done over the years. \"This year will be different, honest!\" Alvin chuckled. \"Hmm...\" Dave folded his arms. \"Simon, keep an eye on your brother before showtime.\" \"Will do, Dave.\" Simon agreed with him. \"Look, here comes Darla!\" Theodore pointed as he was eating one of his candy canes. \"Great, she must be really...\" Alvin said before seeing Darla and how she was acting. Darla looked like a sourpuss, she trudged through the snow and joined her classmates. \"Let's get this over with...\" The others looked concerned and overwhelmed of Darla's behavior, they then went on stage to get ready. The teacher wished them luck and promised them a special surprise before they would go home for the holidays. The guests all took their seats and some took out their phones to film this for future generations of the talented children. \"This plan of yours better work, Atticus.\" Patch whispered after he snuck in and then saw Lucky there as well, under a chair next to him, telling that Dot was there too. Lucky smiled to Patch. Patch smiled and hid with Lucky, trying to be quiet so they wouldn't wreck the show. Mr. Talbot came out on stage after the lights dimmed and the curtain was closed right now and a spotlight was shined on him. \"Ladies and gentlemen,\" he greeted. \"I would like to say thank you for joining me tonight for the Clyde C. Crashcup Elementary School's Christmas pageant. We have a very talented group of boys and girls with us and I ask that you please turn off all cell phones, no flash photography, and please take this time to open all candies or lozenges... Thank you...\" he then nodded and walked off the stage to take his own seat. The curtain was pulled back to show the second graders with a light above them and the audience clapped for them. \"Hey, Lucky, I guess you came to watch the pageant too?\" Patch guessed. \"Yeah,\" Lucky chuckled. \"Wouldn't miss it for the world.\" Patch huddled closer to him and kept his eyes forward. \"Hope this goes well...\" he whispered softly. The school music teacher was now playing piano to start the song for the second graders to sing along to. Forte scoffed, even though he was in the audience, he could spot the mistakes that the music teacher was making which really grinded his gears. \"It's A, B, G, not A, B, D!\" Cherry added, surprisingly enough, then looked around. \"Why do I know that?\" \"I have no idea.\" Forte said. The children started to sing their choir together, filled with spirit and whimsy as they were instructed to do so. Darla was a little flat though and did not have as much energy as the others. This would be noticeable once it would be time for her solo. Patrick, Emily, and Jessica were excited about this since Darla had a lovely singing voice for her age. \"Why do I have a feeling that she's not going to give it her all?\" Forte asked. \"Because she's a lemon...\" Cherry spoke up. Forte looked to her. Cherry shrugged. \"Looks cute and sweet, but just sour, bitter, and leaves a bad taste in your mouth.\" Darla walked to the center stage and sang her solo, but didn't sound cheerful and excited about Christmas like the others did, which made the audience members frown a little. A baby was even screaming and crying. Mr. Rochelle and Flanigan always told Darla to tune out the audience, but she found herself unable to, that baby really got on her nerves with the screaming and crying. \" ARE YOU GOING TO GET THAT!? \" Darla yelled at the mother. Amber simply covered her best friend's mouth with a nervous smile as the curtain was now closing, telling everyone that they would go into intermission. The audience members mumbled to each other, very shocked and worried, especially from Darla's outburst. \"Darla, what's gotten into you!?\" Amber scolded her best friend. \"Nothing, just leave me alone!\" Darla growled, sounding like her old self. \"Can't we just finish this pageant so we can all go home already!?\" \"Okay, I think you need to just go home and get a little rest.\" Mr. Talbot told her. Darla growled viciously and stormed off. The others looked very worried of Darla's sudden rotten behavior. She had changed since Atticus offered for her to be adopted by his family and was happier as the days went on since she had a real family, something had longed for what felt like her whole life. But now, she was a grump and no one knew or understood why. \"Oh, poor Darla...\" Eleanor frowned in worry. \"I just can't stand snobby people...\" Brittany scoffed. \"Do you think Atticus has a plan to show Darla the Christmas spirit?\" Theodore asked. \"I'm sure he does.\" Simon encouraged. \"If anyone can help, it's him, plus he's Darla's brother after all, even if not biologically.\" Jeanette agreed. \"I just want my friend back...\" Amber whispered, showing a rare display of a frown on her face. \"I'm sure that Atticus will be able to get Darla back to her good old self.\" Alvin smiled. The teacher handed the students their presents, revealing to be teddy bears of different Christmas colors and she promised to see them after a Happy New Year. As soon as Darla got home, she slammed the front door open. Patrick and Emily scolded her, but she didn't care, she just ran up to her bedroom, got into her pajamas, and went to bed. \"Mom, Dad, I'll be home later, I wanna meet the girls.\" Atticus said, planning on meeting Cherry and Mo for his idea. \"Alright and good luck with your idea/plan.\" Emily told him. \"Don't need it, Mom!\" Atticus ran off. \"How was the show?\" Maisy asked as she was napping underneath the tree. \"A disaster...\" Jessica groaned a little, retiring to the couch. \"It was just fine until Darla acted out! Man, what is that girl's problem? When I was her age, I couldn't wait for Christmas break!\" \"Maybe something bad happened in her past.\" Maisy said. Jessica still looked scornful, but she said nothing after that. She hadn't considered it. She then curiously looked up to Darla's bedroom and grew thoughtful. \" 'Here's an early Christmas present, pathetic mortal' ...\" Cherry read a card as she was given a present. She then flinched and slowly and carefully opened the present, and flinched once she removed the top. She then took out a gift card and read the dedication. \"'Your Christmas present this year is that I'm not going to torture you with bad karma until the new year' ... Aww! Thank you, Drell!\" \"You're welcome.\" Drell said. \"GAH!\" Cherry flinched and looked around. Drell's laugh was heard from nowhere. \"That's not funny, man!\" Cherry scolded. \"That is NOT funny!\" \"Yeah, yeah!\" Drell's voice said. Cherry grumbled. \"I'll kill him...\" \"You want me to come down there?\" Drell threatened. \"No, no, no, no!\" Cherry insisted. \"It's fine, really, just stay where you are, Happy Holidays!\" Drell laughed and then his voice faded. Cherry breathed in relief, she then looked out the window and saw Atticus and Mo were on the way, she invited them in and quickly shut the door so they wouldn't let the heat outside. \"Alright, are you two ready to get started on the plan?\" Atticus asked. \"Sure... Who's gonna be Marley?\" Cherry asked. \"Which one's Marley again?\" Mo scratched her head. \"In the original Christmas Carol, he was an old business partner of Scrooge's before he died and he warns Scrooge about the three ghosts.\" Cherry explained. \"First off, I'll be Marley and second, I'll just say that I'm a ghost that has come with a warning.\" Atticus said. \"How could you get to be Marley?\" Cherry asked. \"Because Darla's my sister now.\" Atticus put his hands on his hips. \"Oh, fine...\" Cherry grumbled. \"Good, oh, wait, better disguise myself first.\" Atticus said. \"We'll get to that once we arrange our ghosts,\" Cherry said. \"Okay, Ghost of Christmas Past, Ghost of Christmas Present, and Ghost of Christmas Future... Ooh, I love that part...\" she smiled rather evilly at the last one. \"No, Cherry, after I go as the ghost with the warning, I'll have to arrange who will be what.\" Atticus said. \"Who put you in charge anyway?\" Cherry scoffed. \"Cherry, please just let him do this.\" Mo said. \"Fine...\" Cherry gave him her notebook open to a blank page. \"Go crazy.\" \"Thanks.\" Atticus smiled. \"Alright, what do we do?\" Mo asked her boyfriend, sitting at the table with them. \"Well, obviously, we have to find out why Darla doesn't like Christmas and also show her the spirit of Christmas and what will happen if she doesn't change her ways.\" Atticus said before starting to write. \"We'll go into her past like the story though.\" Cherry then added. \"Sounds like a plan, because, no offense, but I don't think flat-out asking her is gonna get us anywhere.\" Mo added with a shudder about Darla's rotten behavior today. \"True.\" Cherry said. Atticus continued to write until he had written the whole story/plan for them. Cherry and Mo came to Atticus's sides so this could go all according to plan. \"First thing's first, get our medallions.\" Atticus instructed, showing he already had his. \"Got mine too.\" Mo showed hers. Cherry left for a moment to go to her bedroom, and then came back with her medallion. \"Alright, time to do our own version of A Christmas Carol.\" Atticus said. \"Like that hasn't been done before...\" Cherry broke the fourth wall again. The three put their hands together and made it official. \"Let's do it to it!\" they cheered together. \"Oh, before I forget...\" Cherry took out the Secret Santa bowl. \"Pick your names please.\" They did so to find out who's names they would pick. \"Okay, now we can start.\" Cherry said, putting the bowl away. \"I'm sure this will work...\" Mo took a deep breath. \"Right, let nothing stop us!\" Cherry proclaimed as she stood up out of her chair. \"Who wants hot chocolate?\" Michelle called. \"Okay, right after hot chocolate, we'll start.\" Atticus said. \"Agreed.\" Cherry and Mo said. They all then took their sips of hot chocolate while Michelle made her Christmas candy to give to friends and neighbors. After the delicious cups of hot chocolate, Atticus, Mo, and Cherry grabbed each others hands. They then bowed their heads and recited an Equestrian spell to allow them to do what they wanted to do. They had to unleash the magic and make Darla enjoy the Christmas season and get her happiness back for a happy holiday.[Chapter 4] \"Pfft!\" Darla scoffed as she closed her curtains. \"I'm misbehaving... They're all imagining things... They're just jealous of me...\" she was then about to grab her doorknob with a small yawn. \"Oh, well, things will be all better in the morning... They almost usually are.\" She was right about that the next morning would be better, but what she didn't know was that she would learn a lesson during the night. She gripped onto the doorknob, but then she heard a cry of pain. \"Oh!\" Atticus straightened his face out and glared to his adoptive younger sister. \"Darlene Shirley Fudo...\" \" Don't call me that!\" Darla sneered. \"Whatever,\" Atticus ignored that. \"I come with a warning, you are going to be visited by three ghosts, and-\" \"You're gonna teach me to like Christmas, blah, blah, blah, can't you get any more original with your story plots?\" Darla folded her arms. \"Okay, listen, this is the only way that I thought that could teach you and it will.\" Atticus said. \"Yeah, yeah...\" Darla opened her bedroom door and slammed it shut behind her to go to bed. \"This will be a challenge, but this will work.\" Atticus said before vanishing. Darla took her hair ribbon out, straightened out her nightgown, and climbed into bed, turning out the light and sliding down her sleep mask. She then yawned and started to instantly fall asleep, lightly snoring. She slept for about a few hours until her alarm clock went off at 1:00 in the morning. Darla flinched slightly as she sat up in her bed and just saw that it was 1:00 in the morning. \"Oh, well... Not like that means anything...\" she then shrugged and went right back to sleep, unknowing that a 'ghost' would come visit her right about now. \"Darla, wake up, it's time for your first ghost visit.\" Mo's voice said sweetly. \"Lemme sleep, Mama Emily...\" Darla groaned slightly. \"It's not Mama Emily, wake up!\" Mo then assertively said. \"Huh?\" Darla pushed up her sleep mask, then looked to see Atticus's girlfriend. \"Mo, what're you doing here and why are you dressed like that?\" \"I'm not Mo, I'm the Ghost of Christmas Past,\" Mo greeted, wearing a white gown with a wreath in her hair with candles sticking out of it. \"Come along, we have lots to see...\" \"Do I have to come?\" Darla asked. \"I could always bring you along with my magic.\" Mo said. \"Never mind, I'm coming, I'm coming.\" Darla said, not wanting to be forced to come along. \"Take my hand...\" Mo instructed sweetly. Darla took Mo's hand, as she did, they were transported out of Darla's bedroom and now going elsewhere, Darla screamed slightly at the flying around and they were going to a house that looked very poor and nearly broken down. \"This isn't my house...\" Darla said. \"Yes, it is, it was the first home you've ever known...\" Mo told her. \"See?\" they then looked into the now glowing windows. And inside, was a memory Darla could remember like it was yesterday. \"I remember this!\" Darla smiled slightly. \"This was my very first Christmas!\" A brown haired woman was carrying a bundle in a pink blanket. \"I hope Daddy has enough money for presents this year... Merry Christmas, Darla... I love you.\" \"Ma!\" the baby seemed to pipe out and reach out her chubby arms to her mother. A blonde-haired man came through the door, carrying a bag. \"Ho, ho, ho!\" \"Mom... Dad... It's me, Darla!\" Darla tried to call to her parents, but they could not hear or see her. \"I'm sorry, Darla, but these are only shadows of your past, they can't see or hear you.\" Mo told her sympathetically. \"That's not fair...\" Darla frowned as she watched the flashback. \"I got her medicine too...\" the man said as he sat down next to his wife and newborn daughter. \"I also got her a little friend... It's used and been through so much, but I think she'll accept it...\" he then took out a gray stuffed bear that had several stitches and patches. Baby Darla took the bear and instantly hugged it. The couple smiled as they had a very Merry Christmas with their new daughter. \"Mommy... Daddy...\" Darla had a tear roll down her cheek. \"I miss you...\" \"Come, we got more to see.\" Mo told the girl. \"Oh, c-can't we stay a little bit longer?\" Darla asked. \"I'm sorry, little one, but we can't.\" Mo said. Darla sighed, she then wiped her tears as she saw her baby self being loved by and highly admired by her parents on the lovely holiday of Christmas. Mo then took Darla to a later date. Darla was around four-years-old now, she was known, but not by all yet, her first movie had just come out the year before, so a fairly nice amount of people knew who she was. She was with LB Mammoth at a mall to meet Santa Claus in person and an elf would give the visiting kids some cookies. \"Do you remember this part of your memories?\" Mo asked. Darla tilted her head. \"I think that was after I was adopted...\" she then saw herself with shorter curls, wearing a purple jacket with a lighter purple skirt underneath with a white scarf and white boots. \"Oh, there I am!\" There was a slow kid on Santa's lap next who was taking a rather long time to tell what he wanted. \"You're holding up the line, kid, move it!\" Mammoth called. Younger Darla noticed this and seemed influenced by the rather rude behavior. \"Yeah, move it!\" she then ran down the line, cut in front of everybody, and then put herself on Santa's lap. \"That's when I learned I shouldn't let others push me around...\" Darla told Mo. \"I'd always be second fiddle... Second rate... I had to show them what I was made of.\" \"By being rude to others?\" Mo asked. \"Well, did you ever think about how your actions got to affect those kids that day, especially that boy?\" \"I never thought about it...\" Darla pouted, she then turned her head as she saw the kids whisper mean and nasty things about her, despite being a celebrity around the time this had happened. Mo then took Darla to her mansion in Hollywood. \"MORE!\" Younger Darla demanded to Max at the small pile of presents. Max zipped off and came back with a large present. \"Aww...\" Younger Darla opened the box to see a large baby doll that many children wanted at the time, she then grew angry, feeling it wasn't enough. \"MORE!\" \"And he kept on giving you more and more and more and more,\" Mo said. \"And why is that? Because nothing seemed to ever be enough for you.\" Darla wiped her eyes, realizing she was a lot worse as a small child than she was up until she tried to flood Stage 13 with Cherry and Atticus in it. \"It's not easy though... It was a time of family, peace, and love! I didn't have a family! I lost my family in an accident!\" she then started to cry. Mo then took Darla back into her bedroom, Darla was still on her knees and cried, she then looked around and saw where she was. \"Was it all a dream...?\" the little girl muttered to herself. She then looked at her glass of warm tea that Emily must have left for her, she took a drink of it and decided to go back to sleep. \"Oh, well,... Dream or not, I need to hit the hay...\" Cherry, Atticus, and Forte were now waiting for Mo to come back. And where she appeared, seconds later. \"There she is!\" Forte called. \"Well, how did it go?\" Cherry came to Mo's side. \"Did you scare the daylights out of her?\" \"Well, it worked and where she was tears.\" Mo said. \"Awesome!\" Cherry cheered, then realized what Mo said. \"Tears?\" \"Poor girl...\" Mo sighed a little. \"I didn't know she had such a rough childhood...\" \"We all did, Mo...\" Cherry comforted. \"Yeah.\" Atticus added. \"It was just so... Oh, I don't even know how to describe it...\" Mo said, she then snapped her fingers and was back in her normal clothes again. \"Okay... That's better.\" \"Alright, next is the Ghost of Christmas Present.\" Forte said. \"Which one's the Ghost of Christmas Present again?\" Cherry looked at the notebook. \"That would be me.\" Atticus said. \"Alright, get in your costume then.\" Cherry told him. Atticus nodded, snapping his fingers, and got ready for his ghostly appearance once it would be around 2:00. \"So far so good...\" Mo shrugged. \"This will work since this plan is one Atticus thought of, it definitely work.\" Cherry assured her. Forte looked over the plan until it would be Atticus's time to shine.[Chapter 5] After waiting for a while, it was finally time as Darla's alarm clock went off at 2:00, causing her to groan. \"I'm going to dismantle that thing as soon as it's morning...\" \"Darla... Darla...\" Atticus called in a ghostly tone of voice. \"Ugh, now what?\" Darla sat up in her bed, turned on her light, and slid up her sleep mask, then saw her adoptive brother in a green robe with a fruit hat on his head. \"Oh, it's just you, Atticus... I told you not to come in my room without my permission!\" \"I am not Atticus, I am the Ghost of Chirstmas Present,\" Atticus told her. \"Now come along.\" \"Not this again...\" Darla grumbled, she then got out of bed and joined his side. \"Let's just get this over with.\" Atticus took Darla's hand and went to take her to the present which was their living room of Patrick, Emily, and Jessica, still getting ready for Christmas like a family normally would. \"That doesn't look too bad...\" Darla folded her arms. \"Oh, no?\" Atticus made her take a closer look on what was going on without her in present day. \"I still can't believe that she acted like that.\" Jessica groaned out of frustration. \"Jessie, she's probably just having a hard time adjusting...\" Emily soothed her eldest child. \"I don't care,\" Jessica scoffed. \"I've always wanted a little sister and look where it's got me! I hope Santa brings a big lump of coal for that little brat!\" \"Jessica, you shouldn't speak that way about your sister!\" Emily scolded. \"I don't care, she's not even my real sister, that girl deserved what happened to her at Mammoth Pictures, I never wanna see her again!\" Jessica lashed out and stormed upstairs. \"Jessica always loved Christmas because we'd all be together...\" Atticus lamented. Darla frowned, feeling bad for Jessica's words, but she could only blame herself. \"It's all my fault...\" \"There's one last thing you have to see before my time is up and you get to see the next ghost.\" Atticus told her. \"Hm?\" Darla looked up at him. He grabbed her hand and they both were then taken to another location where Amber would be. The tree was up and Amber's parents were making sure the tree was all ready. Amber was setting the presents under the tree, she then looked at one of the presents she had that was for Darla and hummed firmly. \"Something the matter, Amber?\" her father asked. \"Oh, just thinking about something at school...\" Amber said, though she didn't sound cheerful like she usually was. \"Dear, what's the matter?\" Her mother asked. \"Just... Nothing...\" Amber sighed. She then put the present in her arm and went to her bedroom, looking at all of the pictures she and Darla took together, promising to be best friends forever. She then opened her closet door, threw the present in, making it land against her laundry basket, she shut the door, and came back downstairs. \"What kind of best friend doesn't tell the other their problems?\" she huffed slightly. She then sighed as she fell to her knees by the window and hugged them as she was in a hallway. \"Darla, you should know... You told me nothing could change, you told me you wouldn't allow this, you tossed the holiday around like it was a hopeless folly! ...But... You're wrong...\" There was a small melody coming into the background and Amber was about to sing. There was a twinkling night star shining as the song finished and the images faded. Darla ended up in tears again, she now felt guilty for making those around her now angry at Christmas like she was earlier. This time, she didn't end up in her bedroom, she was now in an empty bedroom. \"Oh, thank goodness that's over, I don't think I could've taken anymore...\" Darla flopped against the bed, going back to sleep, not noticing the change yet. Atticus came and wiped his eye slightly, Darla and Amber's moment really got to him. Cherry wore a loose black robe. \"So, how did it go?\" \"Sh-She's ready.\" Atticus said, still wiping the tears away. \"She better be, cuz here I come...\" Cherry said before putting her hood up to hide her face. \"Are you ready for this, Cerise?\" Forte asked. \"It's the role I was born to play,\" Cherry grinned rather sinisterly. \"Hey, can I have a syc-\" \"Non!\" Forte refused. \"Hmph...\" Cherry folded her arms then. \"You better get going, she's about to notice that she isn't in her room.\" Mo said. \"Alright, I'm going...\" Cherry then pressed on her medallion to send her to where Darla was.[Chapter 6] Darla was sleeping, but she woke up instinctively this time, without the alarm. \"Dangit...\" she then flopped back and saw where she was and it didn't look at all familiar. \"Wait... This isn't my room!\" \"Or is it?\" Cherrys' voice taunted. \"Wh-Who's there?\" Darla hiked up the blanket, shivering then, she then saw Cherry in her black robe, coming for her. \"Erm... Are you the Ghost of Christmas Future?\" \"Surprised to see me?\" Cherry folded her arms. \"I-I take it that y you are here to show me of what's yet to come?\" Darla asked. \"Yes, indeedy...\" Cherry said, holding out her hand. \"Get ready, kid, because it ain't pretty.\" Darla took Cherry's hand without hesitation and in a flash of light, they were brought into the future, also known as Christmas of Yet to Come. \"Where... Where are we?\" Darla asked. \"The future, Darla...\" Cherry told her. \" Your future...\" This was truly an unpleasant sight. \"Too bad Atticus and Jessica are never coming back...\" Older Emily told her husband as they were very elderly now. \"It's probably for the best...\" \"Yes,\" Older Patrick agreed. \"Now it's just us... Let's not have a tree this year, the kids are all grown up and scattered around the country.\" \"Oh, but they would want it, well, not all of them, one of them and I am not saying, who wouldn't want a tree.\" Older Emily said. \"Even though she wasn't our own, I miss her very much...\" Older Patrick leaned against his wife. \"Ghost... What... What happened to me?\" Darla asked. There was then a huge gust of wind blown and they were in a cemetery. Two older red-haired adults, a man and a woman, were at an open grave as the casket was lowered six feet underground. \"She was my best friend...\" the woman said. \"She was a brat when she was younger, but I thought I could've changed her, but I guess I was wrong...\" \"Come on, we shouldn't let you suffer, it's the holidays after all...\" the man took his wife's hand and they walked off together. \"You're right.\" The woman nodded. Cherry and Darla went to grave. \"Oh, well, at least she's with her parents now...\" the man soothed his wife. Darla watched the couple, they looked familiar, but she wasn't sure. \"Spirit... Who's lonesome and spoiled grave is this?\" Cherry took out her phone, pushed the flashlight app, and shined the light to show 'Here Lies Darlene Shirley Dimple-Fudo'. \"No!\" Darla gasped. \"Why yours, Darla!\" Cherry showed her face to scare Darla straight. \"THE MOST EXPENSIVE GRAVE IN THE CEMETERY!\" she then laughed rather wickedly. \"No! Please, spirit, tell me that these can be changed, I promise I'll love Christmas in my life I'll change! I'll change!\" Darla told her before falling down into her grave which seemed like it could go on forever. Cherry smirked. \"So you wish it, so it shall be...\" she said before disappearing. Darla yelled as she fell through her grave, when the coffin opened up, everything looked dark. Darla was trapped in her covers and struggled and popped her head out and looked around to see she was in her true bedroom. \"I-I'm alive! I'm young! I'm gonna be okay!\" she then rushed to the window and opened it as the Chipmunks and Chipettes passed her house during their carol days. \"Guys! Hey, guys!\" \"What?! What do you want now?!\" Alvin asked. \"What day is it, guys!?\" Darla called. \"It's Christmas Eve, Darla!\" Simon and Jeanette called. \"That's wonderful!\" Darla smiled. \"What're you guys doing!?\" \"We're about to sing carols!\" Theodore called. \"Wait for me, I'll be right down!\" Darla called back, shutting the window and going to get dressed. \"Is she going to be joining us?\" Alvin asked. \"Sounds like Atticus's plan worked like a charm.\" Simon smiled. \"Oh, God bless us, everyone!\" Eleanor cheered.[Chapter 7] Jessica groaned as she was in her room, she then saw Darla coming to freshen up in the bathroom. \"Hey, punk, I got a few choice words for y-\" \"Oh, Jessica, I love you so much!\" Darla hugged her. \"You're the best big sister ever, whether by blood or not!\" \"Oh, um, th-thank you, Darla, but don't start thinking that will make up for what you did last night.\" Jessica said. \"I understand...\" Darla said softly, she then went to the bathroom to quickly brush her teeth and wash her face, she then went to get dressed. Jessica was surprised, but she was still a little mad for Darla's performance last night. But then she thought of why Darla was acting this way and knew that Atticus's plan must have done the trick to turn the little girl back to the kind and caring girl they knew. Patrick was now putting presents under the tree, tomorrow night, they would all open one present before bedtime while Emily was baking cookies for Santa Claus's visit. Darla was dressed with her coat, scarf, and boots, and she hugged her adoptive parents as soon as she saw them. \"I'm going Christmas caroling with the Chipmunks and Chipettes, be back later!\" Patrick and Emily blinked as Darla smield to them and went off with her friends, they then smiled to each other and went back to what they were doing. 'Great job, Atticus.' Emily thought to herself with a smile. \"The Mane Six got us two presents each,\" Cherry told Atticus and Mo, handing them their Equestrian presents. \"Mine are from Pinkie Pie and Applejack.\" \"Mine are from Rarity and Fluttershy.\" Mo observed. \"Mine are from Twilight and Rainbow Dash.\" Atticus said, happy to get a present from Twilight since she was also like a sister to him. \"So, what are you waiting for, open them.\" Forte urged them. \"You already know that they cannot open more then one present on Christmas Eve.\" Celestia's voice told him. \"Celestia...\" Cherry, Mo, and Atticus whispered. There was a glowing of the alicorn's horn and she briefly appeared, making a small visit to them and she smiled. Cherry, Mo, and Atticus bowed to the famed alicorn princess. \"Oh, you don't have to do that,\" Celestia chuckled. \"I admire what you all did for little Darla.\" \"Oh, you saw that.\" Atticus smiled bashfully. \"Yes, I did and I must say, you three did an excellent job pretending to be the Ghosts of Christmas past, present, and future.\" Celestia smiled. \"It was no trouble...\" Mo said softly. \"So, is Darla going to still like Christmas?\" 'We can't predict of what the future will bring for now, but this year, I know she will,\" Celestia said to them. \"You've all made me very proud.\" \"Well, we couldn't let Darla be back to her old self when we first met her in Hollywood.\" Atticus said. \"Indeed...\" Celestia agreed. \"Well, have a Merry Christmas you all and a Happy New Year... I must return for the Annual Hearth Warming's Eve festivites...\" she then nodded her head and faded away. \"Talk to you all later...\" Cherry then looked to Atticus and Mo, handing them presents for both of them. \"So what you two get?\" Forte asked. \"It's Christmas Eve...\" Mo reminded. The two then opened their presents. \"A junior detective kit!\" Atticus saw his present. \"The newest Nancy Drew book!\" Mo saw her present. \"Interesting.\" Forte smiled. Atticus and Mo hugged Cherry. \"Ew, touchy feely people!\" Cherry flinched like she was disgusted by her friends' emotional responses, but she actually smiled. \"Admit it, you like it.\" Forte said. Cherry rolled her eyes.\"Whatever...\" Atticus and Mo really loved their presents and would show them off later tonight. Cherry then sat down in her father's chair. \"Oh, well, I don't need presents of my own... As long as they're not clothes, I'm fine.\" \"Great.\" Forte said. Forte, Atticus, and Mo left their presents for Cherry under her tree. There was then another knock at the door. Cherry sighed and opened the front door and saw the Chipmunks, Chipettes, and Darla at the door, singing Silver Bells. And where Darla's singing was more beautiful than last night. The Chipmunks and Chipettes smiled to Darla, even Brittany did. Darla sang with more heart and effort, sounding truly sincere and was blissfully awarded back with her Christmas spirit. \"Wow, Darla, you sound much better than you did last night.\" Cherry said, acting surprised. \"Thank you, Cherry.\" Darla beamed. \"Glad to have ya back, kiddo.\" Atticus playfully poked the girl's button nose. \"I'm glad to be back to my good 'ol, self Atticus.\" Darla smiled and then remembered Amber. \"You're thinking of Amber, aren't you?\" Jeanette asked. \"Well, she is my best friend...\" Darla reminded. \"If you need to go see her, go ahead.\" Simon smiled. Darla smiled, she hugged the Chipmunks and Chipettes. \"I'll be back later!\" she then ran off to see her best friend in the whole wide world. \"Oh, Amber, I hope you forgive me!\" she then prayed to herself as she rushed off to the Smith house. \"Let us hope that Amber will forgive her.\" Theodore said. \"I'm sure she will.\" Eleanor cooed. Darla kept rushing to the Smith house, she stepped on an icy part of the driveway, then slipped and fall flat on her back. \"Gah! Oww...\" No one came for Darla, she was alone on the ice and it felt even worse, until... \"Darla?\" Amber's voice came over top of the girl. Darla looked up to see her best friend standing over her. \"A little help?\" Amber sighed, even though she was angry with Darla about last night, she was still her best friend and decided to help her up. Amber's parents did not appear to be home as Amber unlocked the front door and helped Darla onto the couch to heal her back a little so she could walk back home when this would be over. \"I came to apologize...\" Darla said to Amber. Amber was sitting across from Darla, firmly folding her arms and looked terribly unhappy. \"I-I mean it,\" Darla insisted. \"Amber, you are my best friend and I can't live with myself if I knew my best friend was mad at me. I was being a selfish, spoiled, obnoxious brat and I should not have acted out. You stood by me when no one else would on my first day of school after I was adopted. I know you're mad, but please, just listen to me and know that I am very sorry for what I did.\" \"D-Do you really mean it?\" Amber asked her. \"Yes...\" Darla said to her best friend. \"I don't care what I get under that tree tomorrow morning... Christmas is spent exchanging humble gifts, but the best gift that either of us can give or gain from each other, is the gift of hope and friendship.\" Amber thought about what Darla said and noticed her friend was sincere, she didn't say anymore and scooted closer to Darla, giving her a warm and gentle hug with a smile, though had a tear roll down her cheek. \"Merry Christmas, Darla.\" she whispered. \"Merry Christmas, Amber...\" Darla smield. Amber smiled back, she then remembered something and went to her bedroom. \"I'll be right back!\" \"Take your time!\" Darla called back. She then felt something funny in her chest and held it. \"Guh... I feel funny... Like, not bad.. But I feel all tingly...\" \"That's the gift of doing good to others, Darla...\" a female voice said to her. Darla looked around, she did not recognize the voice, but there was now a glowing light and there came the famed alicorn of Equestria herself. \"Princess Celestia?\" she assumed based on what she was told of the land of talking and singing ponies. \"You are correct, little one.\" Princess Celestia smiled. \"Wow, you look majestic and graceful as Atticus describes you.\" Darla smiled. \"Why, thank you,\" Princess Celestia said to her. \"I also want to reward you with a special surprise tonight before you fall asleep... I'm afraid it won't be permanent, but after all you've been through, you deserve it... Be a good girl, Darla, I'll be watching from Canterlot.\" \"I promise, Your Majesty.\" Darla promised. \"I know you will.\" Princess Celestia smiled before she faded away right before Amber would come back down. \"I'm back, I found what I was looking for.\" Amber smiled. Darla smiled back. Amber hopped back onto the couch and handed the gift wrapped box. Darla took it. \"Thank you.\" She did not open it. \"Aren't you gonna open it?\" Amber offered. \"Aren't I supposed to wait until tomorrow?\" Darla asked. \"Well, yes, you are suppose to wait until tomorrow to open the rest of your presents, but on Christmas Eve, you can open just one present.\" Amber told her. \"Hmm... I guess a present from my best friend will be good, considering you're my only one.\" Darla smiled. \"I'm your only best friend?\" Amber sounded amazed and touched. \"Well, yeah...\" Darla smiled to her. \"I never had any friends my own age before I met you, if it wasn't for you, I'd probably never would have made any other friends... I'll make more when I grow up, but you're my favorite.\" \"Awww! Thanks, Darla.\" Amber smiled. Darla smield back. \"You're very welcome.\" \"Well, open your present.\" Amber encouraged. Darla smiled, she then gently opened her present to see a small white box that had a curvy pink D on it in a darker pink heart. There was a golden lock, so she gently opened the box and there was a lullaby like tune with two girls that resembled the two of them, hand-in-hand, and skating around an ice pond together as best friends. \"Oh, Amber, this is absolutely lovely!\" she beamed. \"I hoped that you would like it.\" Amber smiled. \"Where did you get this?\" Darla wondered. \"I made it.\" Amber replied. \"You made it?\" Darla looked to her best friend. \"Well, Mom helped, but yeah...\" Amber smiled. \"Aw! Amber, you're the best friend in the whole world.\" Darla smiled, hugging her. Amber smiled, hugging her right back. \"And you're my best friend in the whole wide world.\" Darla wiped a joyful tear, she felt very good about this and it was this Christmas that she learned to love the holiday again.[Chapter 8] Once Darla's back healed up, she went back home. Amber smiled and waved to her, wishing her a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year. It was now getting late and everyone was joining their families as it was late Christmas Eve now. \"I wish I could join you all for Christmas Eve, but I gotta get to the Pound Puppies.\" Patch said. \"Can't you stay?\" Emily frowned to her son's Dalmatian puppy. \"I'm sorry, but the Pound Puppies celebrate this once a year as well, I'm going over to help with decorations.\" Patch said. \"Well, as long as it's for a good cause...\" Emily bent down and pet him. \"Have a good time.\" \"Tell the others if you see them!\" Patch smiled to her, then dashed out the doggy door to meet Lucky at the others. Colette looked out the window, seeing Patch going to meet the other Pound Puppies, so she grabbed the tennis ball she got for him and rushed out to catch up with him before he would leave. \"Can't be late.\" Patch said while running. \"Patch, wait!\" Colette muffled. Patch felt rushed, he then recognized who called for him, so he stopped and turned to see his girlfriend. Colette panted and looked a little dizzy, but she kept the ball in her mouth, she stopped a few steps behind him, trying to catch her breath. \"Colette, I'm sorry, but I must get going now.\" Patch told her. \"I know...\" Colette gasped, dropping the ball, but pushed it over to him with her nose. \"This is for you... Merry Christmas.\" \"Oh, thank you, Colette.\" Patch smiled, accepting the ball. Colette smiled bashfully, it was not totally visible because of her fur, but she was blushing. \"I thought you would like it.\" Patch smiled as he carried the ball in his mouth. \"I'll treasure it forever!\" he muffled. \"Great.\" Colette smiled. Patch and Colette shared a nuzzle together. \"Tell the others I said Happy Holidays.\" Colette said to Patch before going to get herself home. Patch nodded in agreement that he would do that and he went to meet his fellow Pound Puppies. \"I have a feeling that this Christmas Eve will be a magical one.\" Colette smiled. \"Aren't they all?\" Patch chuckled, overhearing that. Colette came back home and joined her family by the fireplace. \"Hey, Colette, did Patch love your present?\" Scamp asked. \"Uh-huh...\" Colette smiled, feeling proud of herself. \"I just thought he'd enjoy it.\" \"Well, I'm glad it all worked out, dear.\" Tramp said to his daughter. \"Thanks, Dad.\" Colette smiled. \"So, where's Patch heading to anyway?\" Scamp asked. \"Pound Puppies meeting...\" Colette yawned a little due to how warm she felt now, but kept her smile. \"He said something about an annual celebration.\" \"Cool, sure wish we could join in.\" Scamp smiled. \"Mm-hmm...\" Colette agreed. Cherry was at the church, she was sitting in a storytelling chair with her Santa hat on her head and there were little kids who had joined together to hear her version of the Night Before Christmas. \"Twas the night before Christmas and all through the house, not a creature is stirring, not even a domestic spouse... The stockings are hung by the fake fired chimney with care, in shattered hopes of actually your parents being there. My friends and I are all snug and warm in our beds, while visions of Michael Jackson dance in my head. My father in his robe, my mother in her gown, and me, who only brings happy smiles into bitter frowns...\" 'Maybe I should have let someone else tell the story so then the children wouldn't have nightmares.' Forte thought to himself. Cherry kept reading until the kids started to sniffle and start to cry from her nightmarish descriptions of how she saw Christmas Eve evening. \"Hey, I'm not getting paid to hear you brats whine!\" she scolded. Cherry's parents came with cookies and presents, dressed as Santa and Mrs. Claus. \"Go get your gifts.\" Cherry put the book up, folding her arms. The kids ran away to get what they wanted and remembered their manners this time. Cherry smirked that they did, she was trying to scare them straight for being rude to her earlier. \"You do realize that you were suppose to read them a Christmas story,\" Forte said. \"You're just lucky that Krampus isn't here.\" \"Krampus?\" Cherry glanced at him. \"Let's just say he's someone you wouldn't want around.\" Forte said. \"Okay then...\" Cherry shrugged. Forte handed her a present with dark forest green wrapping paper and shiny red ribbons. Cherry took it and put it away for now. \"Thank you.\" \"Make sure you open it on Christmas.\" Forte said. \"Mm-hmm...\" Cherry hummed, then handed him a present. Forte took it. \"You didn't have to get me anything...\" he was touched and surprised. \"I know...\" Cherry glanced away from him. \"But I'm touched that you did get me something.\" Forte said. \"Whatever...\" Cherry folded her arms then. \"So, you don't hate me as much as you claim.\" Forte hid the present in his coat pocket. \"I never said I hated you!\" Cherry looked back at him. It was true, Cherry never hated him. \"Are you sure?\" Forte asked. \"If I hated you, I would've said something...\" Cherry folded her arms. \"Maybe I don't... Dislike you as much as I used to.\" \"Shuddap...\" Cherry growled slightly. Forte stroked her hair. Cherry flinched at first, but then allowed him to do what he wanted to do, she looked grumpy as usual, but she actually allowed him to touch her. \"This is an amazing Christmas.\" Forte said. \"Ho, Ho, Ho...\" Cherry puffed air out from her cheeks. Soon, it was very late and everyone was tucked up in bed for the night. \"Good night, Darla...\" Emily told her adoptive daughter. \"Good night, Mama Emily...\" Darla yawned. \"Um, Mama Emily? I'm really sorry about how I had been acting lately, I-I promise it'll never happen again.\" \"It's okay, dear, I'm just glad you're back to your happy cheery self.\" Emily smiled. \"Yeah, so am I...\" Darla said, then yawned a little. \"Sounds like you learned your lesson.\" Emily smiled as she went to the door then. \"Yeah, I just wish it hadn't been so exhausting.\" Darla said before curling up to go to sleep. Emily wondered what the little girl meant by that, but just smiled. \"Good night, dear...\" she whispered before going out to shut the door behind her and get some sleep herself. This truly would be something Darla wouldn't forget. The blonde girl fell asleep, lightly snoring again, there was a small glowing outside her window. There was a transparent blue sphere that was flying into Darla's new bedroom. Two adult human figures wandered out from it, both wearing white loose robes with wings, and golden halos above their heads. Darla was sound asleep and did not notice the figures yet as she was in a deep sleep. \"Oh, my precious baby.\" Her biological mother said. \"She's grown up to be so beautiful...\" her biological father added. \"Just like you...\" Darla stirred slightly in her sleep. \"Mommy... Daddy...\" Darla said in her sleep. Darla's biological parents were touched, they decided to just let Darla sleep, but they also decided to give her a sign that they had visited. They took out the mangy old teddy bear that they gave to Darla on her first Christmas with a card attached to its tummy and set the bear down. Darla smiled in her sleep and hugged the bear once she felt it around her arms. The now angelic couple then decided to come back whenever possible and just let Darla sleep until she would happily wake up tomorrow morning like a typical happy child would on Christmas morning. \"Goodbye, Darla, we love you...\" the biological parents whispered before disappearing back to Heaven. This truly was a magical Christmas that Darla wouldn't forget. The next morning, Darla, being the little kid in the house, was the first one awake and she sat up in her bed, rubbing her eyes. She then looked down and saw something she had not seen in seven years. \"Snuffy!\" she gasped at her bear, even if it was dirty and very old, she then saw the note. \"'Dearest Darlene, Never forget that you have been in our hearts your entire life and still are to this very day. We love you very much and really hope you keep doing great and better things for yourself. We wish we could just be there with you to celebrate, but you have an even better and healthier family to look after you now. Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year, Forever yours...\" she then gasped once she saw the names. \"Mommy and Daddy...\" She then heard a knocking at her bedroom door. Darla set the bear and note down, then gently landed her feet into her slippers and she opened her bedroom door. Maisy, was of course, asleep, but she smiled in her sleep because of what today was. \"Morning, Darla.\" Emily smiled. \"Morning, Mama Emily...\" Darla smiled and hugged her. \"You coming down to open your presents?\" Emily hugged her back. \"Wouldn't miss it!\" Darla beamed, rushing downstairs. \"Should have know you wouldn't miss opening presents.\" Emily giggled. Darla laughed a little back, she then sat with Atticus on the floor in front of the present stack. Jessica was making breakfast for everyone to eat after they would open presents, once she put it in the oven for now, she joined her family in the living room. \"Oh, I can't wait to start.\" Darla smiled. \"There's the good old Christmas spirit I know and love!\" Jessica beamed. Patrick and Emily sat on the couch while their children were on the floor, anxious to open their presents. \"Wait, where's Patch?\" Maisy noticed something missing. Patch then came in through the doggy door. \"Whew, delivering those many pets in one night was a lot of work.\" he said, slightly exhausted. \"You delievered pets on one night?\" Jessica was surprised. \"Who do you think you are, Santa Paws?\" \"No, they were delivering presents while me and the entire Pound Puppies at Shelter 15 had to deliver every puppy we had to because the rest of the Pound Puppy members were sick.\" Patch said. \"Oh, sor-ry...\" Jessica slightly rolled her eyes at her error. \"You can open your presents later then...\" Patrick suggested, gently petting Patch as he looked very wore out. \"Thank you.\" Patch said. He then started to instantly fall asleep. The Fudo family then opened their presents to see what they were given. Atticus was not surprised when he opened his present from Twilight to see it was a book. \"Should have known.\" Atticus smiled. \"Was there every any doubt?\" Jessica teased, she may not had known Twilight personally, but she knew how much the Princess of Friendship loved her books. She was given a new cell phone, once she saw her new one, she took out her old one, deleted almost everything off of it, then handed it to Darla. \"Here you go, kid, your own cell phone.\" \"Wow!\" Darla loved it. \"Do you like it?\" Jessica asked. \"I feel like a teenager!\" Darla giggled, then saw a number. \"Hey, who's Christopher?\" \"Oh, give me that!\" Jessica took the phone back, pushed a button, and handed it back. \"No one you need to worry about.\" \"Riiiight...\" Darla slightly rolled her eyes, but loved that she had her own cell phone now. \"He's her boyfriend.\" Atticus whispered to Darla. \"Atticus!\" Jessica scolded. \"Which one?\" Darla giggled, knowing how Jessica dated many boys in her lifetime so far. \"It would be the one she met at Atlantica.\" Atticus said. \"Oh, I see...\" Darla chuckled. \"None of us can talk, Darla.\" Jessica teased. \"What about Urchin?\" Darla turned beet red and she took another one of her presents, shaking it by her ear. \"Can't hear ya, trying to find out what this is!\" \"Okay, okay, enough talk, time to continue opening presents.\" Atticus said. This made everybody laugh as they then continued to open their presents, enjoy each other's company, and have another Merry family Christmas together with many more to come. The End ","Summary":" A/N: Based on an RP and the classic Charles Dickens story that has been done to death by literally "},{"Movie":"Cats Don't Dance","Title":"CDD Drabble Collection","Author":"Tomocopter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9134227","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Tillie had been sitting with Sawyer for hours; the two had been trying on dresses for the premier since soon after both had received their invitations. If they were going, they were going in style. Both were relaxing on her couch, both relieved to have the down time before meeting the others. It would be a tense time for all of them. Tillie glanced at Sawyer, choosing to ask the questions that had been on her mind since the evening before. 'You haven't heard from Danny, have you?' 'And how exactly would I have?' Looking up Tillie could see she wasn't angry. Just sad. 'Well...I was wondering how we got these invites.' 'How am I to know? Listen, I doubt he had the capacity to get us in here.' Tillie glanced down, before catching her eye again. 'And what if he is there?' Sawyer smiled at that. 'I guess I'll just need you to protect him from the others while we catch up.'[Chapter 2] It was impressive how quickly L.B. could get a hold of his lawyers. It had been a little over an hour since the end of the premier, and since then he had already cancelled Darla's contract and signed Five-Movie deals with all of them. There was a reason why Mammoth Studios was the best around. They had all managed to sneak out the back entrance of the theater, with the agreement that they would all gather at L.B's office the next day. They were tired, and needed some time to rest before any major decisions were made. Sawyer was getting ready to head home when she felt a large hand on her shoulder. She smiled, knowing exactly who it was. She turned to look him in the eye, noticing that for the first time since they had met again that he looked nervous. 'Listen', he said, eyes showing his nerves, 'I know that this was all pretty sudden, and I understand if you don't-' Sawyer cut him off with a kiss, pressing herself softly against him before looping her arm around his. 'Walk me home?'.[Chapter 3] Sawyer was coming to realise that Flanagan could be a hard task master. In truth, right now he was probably just acting tough after so much time spent working with Darla. Almost all of the animals working on his new picture had at one point or another seen him being totally dominated by a little girl. He probably just wanted to prove that he could take control of his cast. She couldn't say it wasn't working. All of her friends had left hours before. They were less than a week into shooting, and the majority of her scenes were being filmed early, meaning that they were all apart more than they were together. She was finding it hard, but she had to admit that she was enjoying the opportunity to work on her craft without having to worry about her friends. Saying that, she wouldn't mind a little more time with one special someone. She hurried out of the studios, eager to get home and rest, maybe give Danny a call. That was her plan, but this plan was hindered when she saw the tabby slumped against the wall outside her changing area. He jumped up as he saw her, trying to both get himself and the bouquet he held in order. Daniel Kelly, you're going to make me go soft. 'Well, well, I certainly hope you're here for me. Otherwise you could make a girl jealous.' Danny smiled at that, before handing over the flowers with a little more enthusiasm than was probably necessary, although at this point Sawyer had to admit that she was beginning to find it sweet. 'Well, I was kind of hoping that you might want to, you know, come out for dinner? I've had a couple of free afternoons and I've found a couple of nice restaurants, so I thought we could...' he trailed off, clearly hoping that she would respond and end his misery. 'And the flowers?' 'I can be romantic if I want to! Well, kinda.' He was embarrassed now, and looked away from her while he tried to get his nerves back. Sawyer had a sudden burst of sympathy for her almost-boyfriend; reaching forward, she placed her hand in his before giving him a quick peck on the cheek. 'Anywhere within walking distance? I don't want to take a cab.'[Chapter 4] Danny as good as collapsed onto his bed in the El Greco hotel, grateful for the chance to relax. It had been a long day, between long hours spent in the studio and all too short hours spent with Sawyer. He was more than happy with both of those things, but he did have to admit that he was glad for the break. He often found it difficult to sleep in his hotel - it was far more quiet than he was used to. As one of five children, particularly in a family which had managed to have two sets of twins within a year, too much silence could leave him feeling uneasy. He had to admit that he was missing them. His siblings and in-laws had been some of his closest friends, and even with the new, wonderful friends he had in Hollywood he was beginning to miss his buddies back home - especially when most of them were pretty much morally obligated to like him. *Knock knock* Danny groaned, barely dragging himself towards his door. Upon opening the door he came face to face with a nervous looking hotel employee, who pushed a telegram into his hands and left, mumbling some apology for disturbing him. Danny looked at the telegram in his hands, and grinned when he saw the return address, immediately tearing it open. Mr. Movie Star, We figured we had better give you some official recognition of everything that has happened over the last few weeks. We all knew you could do it Dan, and you can only imagine how proud we are of you. Dad has spent more time bragging to his suppliers than actually doing business over the last few weeks. We may need to see a few of those royalty checks the way he has been acting. On a more serious note; get a decent apartment once you can afford to; We plan to pay plenty of visits, so you had better have as much floor space as possible. Don't waste your money; none of us will be able to look at you if you blow more money than any of us could ever dream of seeing on something ridiculous. And finally, seal the deal with that Sawyer of yours; we've never met her and we already like her more than you. (Just kidding - kind of.) Mom, Dad, Ben, Josh, Kate, Ciara, Etta, Salli and Paul. Danny grinned at the telegram, before pinning it up by his mirror. He might have been a bit generous when talking about his family liking him.[Chapter 5] 'I can't believe how cute you were!' 'Past tense? I'm offended.' Danny and Sawyer had found themselves on Sawyer's sitting room floor, sorting through boxes of photographs that her father had sent. In theory she was only supposed to be organising them, but once Danny had arrived any hope of that happening went out the window. She had decided that a little nostalgia wasn't always a bad thing. Danny seemed to be having a fantastic time as he looked through pictures of Sawyer as a baby, her dance recitals and family photos. 'I really wish we'd gotten to take more photos when I was kid, this is a riot!' 'If any exist I want to see them - call it revenge.' Danny seemed to go quiet after that, and looking over Sawyer could see why. He was holding one of the few photos that existed of her with her mother. She was probably just about one, sitting on her mother's lap while smiling up with one of those genuine smiles which you only truly see in children. Danny handed it over to her. 'Do you miss her still?'. Smoothing the corners out, she set it into place in a photo album. 'Yeah, sometimes. I never really knew her, but sometimes I'm jealous of my friends who can just call up their mothers when they have a problem, you know?' Danny wrapped his arm around her shoulders. 'I'll have to introduce you to my Mom soon, you'll barely be able to handle the love'. That got a smile out of her. 'As long as she doesn't hate me. We'll have to get a nice photo taken together so we can make her think I'm taking good care of you.' 'I'll need a copy so I can prove that you're actually real.'[Chapter 6] 'Compared to a two day bus ride, getting the train home seems like such a luxury!' 'Thank God you aren't getting a plane with me, I don't know how your fragile system would handle it.' Danny had brought his suitcase over earlier that morning so he could help Sawyer pack, figuring that it would save them both time in the long run. Well, that was their excuse anyway. Their first several months in Hollywood had been more than kind to both of them, and after much nagging from their families they had both agreed to make the journey home once their latest films had wrapped up - It also helped that if they both left at the same time, it would limit the time they spent apart. Together the two had finally managed to get her suitcase in order, allowing them both to just slump back on her bed and take a breather for a few moment. 'I really don't understand how you can have that much stuff.' 'Girl thing, you wouldn't understand', she said, before turning on her side to look at him. 'Listen, don't freak out about this, but Dad's planning a trip West in a couple of months.' Danny didn't understand the relevance for a few moments, but it seemed to dawn on him all at once as his face fell.' Sitting up, Sawyer placed her hands on his shoulders and pinned him down. 'This isn't bad! He just thinks you sound like a nice guy and he wants to meet you because of that, I swear it isn't a bad thing!' Danny looked unconvinced. 'What if he hates me? You're an only child, he has a big stake here!' That got a laugh out of Sawyer. 'I think I have it worse here. When we get married you get on in-law, I get like ten. I don't think you get to be the nervous one.' She leaned down to give him a quick kiss before letting him up. 'Now come on and pay attention to me for a while before we both need to go. We'll have to encourage our families to travel in future.' Danny smiled at her. 'So, \"when\" we get married, eh?'[Chapter 7] 'Hollywood hasn't changed ya; you're still the same ugly son of a gun you were at home!' Danny laughed, pulling his brother into a tight hug. It had been months since they had seen each other, and absence really did make the heart grow fonder. Even if you wouldn't know it from those two. Ben was only a year older than Danny, but most would struggle to see any strong resemblance. Ben was tall and stocky; Pop had always said that he never knew a man who looked more like a farmer's son. Danny mom always said that all of her children had the same joie de vivre, and at these moments Danny knew why. Breaking apart, Ben reached into his bag, pulling out an overly large leather bound book. Oh no. 'The family photo album dear brother! You and I are going to go meet that lovely young lady of yours and I'm going to bring her on a tour of the life of Danny Kelly! I think she'll especially appreciate three year old you; Dad still calls it your \"nudist phase\"'. Danny groaned in embarrassment, following behind his brother. This would be a long trip. Not that he expected sensitivity from Ben, but this was just cruel. \"Mom also told me that she's ordering ya to take Sawyer back to Kokomo soon. Think she's worried that you might mess this one up too if she doesn't intervene'.[Chapter 8] Danny sat with his face buried in his hands, trying to ignore the peels of laughter coming from the two people he sat with. '-Dad says that he'd scream the house down if they tried to dress 'im! Always said he was a weird one, the rest of us were always nice and respectable.' 'Trying to be one with nature Danny dearest? I always knew that too much country air could do strange things to a growing boy.' Danny peaked out at Sawyer and Ben from between his fingers, shooting them an embarrassed smile. The two had gotten on like a house on fire since they had been introduced, probably due to their shared passion of giving Danny a hard time. His brother had taken out his photo album, and everything had just gone downhill from there. The photos kept coming, and Sawyer had gotten suitably distracted by a picture of a five year old Danny dancing around their kitchen, clearly lost in the moment. 'Haven't changed much, have you?' she quipped, but a softness came over her face at that, as if s he suddenly remembered how much affection she had for the man sitting across from her. Ben seemed to just about register the change in tone, and turned towards Sawyer. 'Tell me, what do you see in this guy here? I hate to think of a girl as smart and as pretty as you getting stuck with my baby brother.' Sawyer laughed at that, but in the same moment reached across to lightly hold Danny's fingers, running a thumb over the back of his hand. 'You do make a compelling argument. Still, I must say he's far from the worst guy I've ever met. That got a grin out of Danny. He and his siblings loved to tease each other, and it was rare to get a sincere comment out of anyone when they got on a roll. Always nice to feel appreciated. Ben gave a hearty laugh at that, clapping Sawyer lightly on the back. 'Mom'll be glad to hear that! She's relieved to know that there's someone around who might actually stick with 'im! Plus I think you're already my favourite in-law, so I wouldn't mind if you stuck around...' ","Summary":" Tillie had been sitting with Sawyer for hours; the two had been trying on dresses for the premier s"},{"Movie":"Cats Don't Dance","Title":"Cherry's Adventures of Cats Don't Dance","Author":"PerkyGoth14","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10960456","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Cherry was having a normal morning. She was bored in her kitchen and poured a bowl of cereal as she watched people on TV and had her dreams of life in the big city. Nothing could make this day interesting. Then a call came it was her friend Atticus. Cherry answered her phone, lying it over her shoulder. \"Yeah.\" \"Hey, Cherry, it's Atticus.\" Atticus said over the phone. \"Okay, what's up?\" Cherry asked as she went to put her bowl in the sink, quickly ran water in it, and she walked down her home hallway to flop on her bed. \"How would you like to come to Hollywood with me?\" Atticus asked over the phone. \"How'd you manage that?\" Cherry had to ask. \"I have my sources, so what do say, you wanna come?\" Atticus asked over the phone. \"I dunno... Hang on a second.\" Cherry said as there was a knock at her door. Atticus could hear another voice on the line, but Cherry's voice sounded in denial. \"What's going on over there?\" Atticus asked himself. \"Oh, nothing... Just making a deal...\" Cherry said on her phone. The other person had taken the phone from her and spoke into it based on how he was told how it worked. \"Cerise can't talk now, may I take a message?\" \"Actually, I can tell you this, leave her alone! And tell her to give me her answer after you leave.\" Atticus said over the phone. \"I'm sorry, but the little lady has feigned illness of being home alone to skip her lessons for the day,\" the man told Atticus. \"You can meet her up afterward.\" \"Maestro...\" Cherry nearly growled at her new mentor for making this happen. \"Wait, Maestro, as in, from Beauty and the Beast?\" Atticus asked over the phone. \"I don't know what you could be going on about, but the little lady needs her lessons, she'll meet you in an hour at the church across the street from her home.\" Forte told the boy. \"Alright, Forte, I'll see her at the church.\" Atticus said over the phone. \"Thank you, goodbye now... How do I turn this cursed thing off?\" Forte asked. Cherry had taken the phone and snapped it shut since it was a flip phone and she glared at the man. \"I guess I'll have my answer from Cherry at the church.\" Atticus said as he hung up his phone. A little while passed and it was close to the end of Cherry's lessons. \"Very good, my dear.\" Forte said. \"Can I go now...?\" Cherry sounded very bored with him. \"Atticus is waiting for me...\" \"Very well, you may go, besides your lesson is over today.\" Forte said. \"Thank you!\" Cherry quickly left him and came out the door. Atticus was at the church and where he was waiting for Cherry. Cherry came over and came to see Atticus on the steps. \"Over here.\" \"So, how was your lesson with Forte?\" Atticus asked. Cherry groaned a little, shaking her head. \"The usual... My fingers dancing across the keyboard and being told how to speak in French... He is so annoying... I think I liked it better when he hated me when I was a kid, I didn't even want organ and French lessons!\" \"So, what's your answer about coming with me to Hollywood?\" Atticus asked. \"Anything to get some excitement and away from Maestro Snooty over there...\" Cherry deadpanned. \"He already discussed it with my parents when I played a sonata on my own, so my things are all packed up in my room and ready to go.\" \"Great.\" Atticus said. \"I still think I liked Maestro Forte better when he scared the crap out of me when I first met him.\" Cherry was zipping up her backpack once they were in her bedroom. Atticus showed he had everything he needed packed. \"Okay, good,\" Cherry agreed, she then looked over to see a framed portrait of one of her favorite men and tried to hide it from Atticus. \"Let's go then. Maybe we'll accidentally bump into someone and get into an acting role.\" \"Yeah.\" Atticus said. The two took their ways and decided to take a trolley. Before they knew it, they were in Hollywood where people's dreams come true. The trolley stopped as a white cat was coming on board and she wore beige clothing. \"'Scuse me, pardon me, excuse me...\" the white cat walked on, looking for a place to sit as she had a cup of coffee in her hand, she looked very rushed. \"That's my source.\" Atticus whispered to Cherry. \"Your source?\" Cherry looked over. The white cat kept coming and finally found a seat and sat with the two kids. \"Pardon me, I'm so sorry...\" \"That's alright, by the way, would your name be Sawyer?\" Atticus asked. \"That's me,\" the cat, Sawyer, replied. \"Which one of you phoned in to come into Hollywood?\" \"I guess he did?\" Cherry shrugged, gesturing to Atticus. \"Yep, that would be me.\" Atticus said. \"Well, welcome, I'm afraid I can't help you out much, but I'll give you a place to stay and unfortunately, I have to work.\" Sawyer told them. \"Where do you work?\" Cherry asked. \"Farley Wink's Animal Acting Agency,\" Sawyer explained. \"I find parts for animals in this town in movies... This town's a little tough on us furry species.\" \"As in the Farley Wink's?\" Atticus asked. \"Yeah...\" Sawyer didn't sound too proud of her job as she took a sip of her drink. Suddenly, there was a big bump and Sawyer accidentally spilled coffee on herself. \"Oh, just what I need!\" Sawyer snarled and sighed. \"Anyway, he's looking for two of every animal for parts in the next Darla Dimple movie.\" \"Oh, my grandma loves her movies, they remind her of when she was a little girl.\" Cherry sounded proud. \"Yeah, the same with my mom.\" Atticus said. \"He still needs two chickens, two lions, and two cats.\" Sawyer explained. \"Why don't you audition?\" Cherry asked. Sawyer then laughed out loud. \"Are you kidding me? I'd rather work overtime!\" \"Okay, too bad they don't have any openings for two human kids.\" Atticus said. \"Maybe you could help the director?\" Sawyer shrugged, then looked over. \"Oh, nip! My stop!\" she pulled down the string to stop the trolley. \"Come with me.\" she told the kids. Cherry and Atticus followed her out and tried to avoid the incoming cars. There was another cat, but male and orange who was dancing around and nearly made them back up against a fountain as he rushed off. \"Where's he off to?\" Atticus asked. \"I don't know and frankly I don't care, that cat's given me nothing but trouble!\" Sawyer got out of the fountain as her hat with the feather dripped over her. Cherry got herself out and wrung out her hair. \"I thought black cats were the unlucky ones.\" \"Watch it, sister, you could get in trouble for saying things like that.\" Sawyer reminded her. \"Yeah.\" Atticus said as he helped them out of the fountain. \"Ex cuse me.\" Cherry rolled her eyes. \"Come on, we better go before I'm late.\" Sawyer led them into the animal agency. \"Alright\" Atticus said as the followed her.[Chapter 2] Inside the room, there was a hippo, a fish that was smoking, a grumpy looking goat, and a cowardly looking turtle. \"Sawyer, what happened to you?\" the hippo giggled. \"D-Did you walk under a ladder?\" the turtle hid in his shell. \"S-Smash a mirror?\" \"Have you looked in one lately?\" the goat scoffed. \"Some guy happened.\" Atticus explained. \"Really?\" the hippo asked. \"Orange tabby?\" \"Yeah.\" Sawyer said as he hung up her coat and hat. \"Green vest?\" the hippo then asked. \"Straw hat?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Oh, what a counicky dink!\" \"How'd you know?\" \"Oh, hippo intuition,\" the hippo giggled, then took a hold of Cherry and Atticus and spun them all around to meet everyone. \"My name's Tillie, that's Cranston, Frances, TW...\" she spun them all around which made them dizzy and smiled friendly to them. \"So, new in town?\" Cherry moaned with her eyes all around. \"Just on a little vacation...\" \"Yeah.\" Atticus said. \"What are your names?\" Tillie asked. Cherry and Atticus gave their names. \"Lovely names, I hope you enjoy your stay here!\" Tillie giggled. Sawyer then went on the phone to take some calls as there was a lamb sitting by waiting for his big chance to be in the movies. \"Maybe that call could be that lamb's time to shine.\" Atticus said. \"You need a lamb for the Moses picture?\" Sawyer asked which made the lamb get excited, but quickly sick to his stomach. \"Oh, a sacrificial lamb? Sorry, fresh out!\" she hung up, stacking her papers. \"Everyday I ask myself, why do I put up with this?\" \"For the glamour.\" Frances smirked. \"What, this pig sty?\" Sawyer deadpanned as she went to work. \"No offense, Herb... Unless of course you're referring to the glamour of filing, the romance of typing! ...Tillie, what're you doing?\" she looked down to the hippo. \"Just freshening you up, you'll wanna look pretty in case you meet someone nice~\" Tillie mused. \"He's here, isn't he?\" Atticus asked while his eyes were half closed. \"Yeah, right, as if he's gonna come waltzing right through that-\" Sawyer walked off, but the door opened on her as the portly man known as Farley Wink came out with the orange cat from earlier. \"You're gonna be big, kid, you're the cat's meow!\" Farley praised, then leaned in. \"You can meow, can't ya?\" \"Of course,\" the cat told him as the human man went to get Sawyer and he had seen the kids. \"Oh, hello.\" \"Hey.\" Atticus said. \"My name's Danny,\" the cat told them. \"I'm gonna be in the next Darla Dimple picture now, this is my dream come true!\" \"Sounds like you're excited.\" Cherry said to him. \"I really am, I made this plan out for this week so if I play my cards right, I'll be able to land my first big part in the pictures, I got an agent and came here, then I'm gonna land a big part and go to my movie premiere!\" Danny grinned. \"Cool.\" Atticus said. Farley was talking Sawyer to join the movie and got Danny to be there with her and they had to go to Mammoth Pictures. \"Let's go with them.\" Cherry said to Atticus. \"Yeah.\" Atticus said. Danny, Sawyer, Cherry, and Atticus were walking out of the agency and walking around the place known as Mammoth Pictures. There were chickens discussing their roles, a bull walked by with a hat on his head, mumbling to himself, and there was a tiny black dog with ruby slippers on, clicking them together and told to get into a basket. \"So, looks like we're gonna be the only two cats on the ark, huh?\" Danny smiled at Sawyer. \"Pretty great, huh?\" Sawyer sighed. \"So much for preserving species...\" \"Maybe it'll get better.\" Atticus said. There were giant foot steps coming beside the group to reveal an ape holding an airplane and a tower in his arms. \"Hey, Kong, how's the picture coming?\" Sawyer called to him. \"Oooh!\" the ape looked down at them. \"Don't get me started!\" he then stormed off. The group then kept walking after Danny got starstruck briefly and they passed a giant board of the famed child actress who was labeled as America's Sweetheart, Lover of Children and Animals for the upcoming filming of her next feature motion picture: L'il Ark Angel. \"Cool.\" Atticus said. Sawyer led them to the set. \"So pink and fluffy...\" Cherry sounded like she was about to suffocate. \"Come on, let's continue on.\" Atticus said. There was a penguin in a blue sailor suit trying to get attention, but was taken out of the way as he carried a bunch of desserts and accidentally bumped into Danny, Cherry, and Atticus. \"Uh-oh, I'm busted.\" he mumbled. \"Hey!\" Danny greeted. \"Hey, you're the cat from this morning, aren'tcha?\" the penguin greeted. \"And your friends with humans?\" \"You could say that.\" Atticus said. \"What're you doing here?\" Danny asked, helping him up. \"Oh, that ice thing is just my side job, the name's Peabo Pudgemeyer,\" the penguin shook his flipper with Danny's paw. \"But you can call me Pudge.\" Suddenly a bell rang. \"Oh, I'll talk to you later, it's time to start, Danny, don't forget your costume.\" Pudge got his hat on and left with a donut. \"He's right.\" Atticus said. \"Guess I'll go then.\" Danny left to get changed with the other animals. \"What should we do?\" Cherry looked around. There was light humming heard in a heart-shaped chair that was turned from them. Atticus just shrugged. Cherry took a look over the chair. The humming came from a little girl who looked around the age of seven with her curly blonde hair in a pink hair bow, pink frilly dress, and a ballerina tutu with a pair of feathered wings with a golden halo. She was eating a bunch of sweet snacks. \"That must be her.\" Atticus whispered. \"Should we say hi?\" Cherry whispered back. \"She looks busy.\" Atticus whispered \"Yeah, I guess you're right,\" Cherry walked away with Atticus. \"She looks a bit chubbier in person... Must be baby fat or the camera.\" \"What are you two doing here?\" the director walked toward the kids. \"No one's allowed on set unless they're two animals, the people working with the movie, or Miss Dimple's personal assistants.\" Atticus tried to think of something to let them stay there. \"Umm...\" Cherry wasn't sure what to say. \"I see,\" the director started to push them out. \"Well, kiddies, see you some other time, be sure to check out other things and come to this movie once it premieres in the Chinese theater!\" 'Come on, Atticus, think of something.' Attics thought. \"We're her assistants.\" Cherry said quickly. \"Really?\" the director stopped them. \"Y-Yeah, she hired us.\" Atticus said. \"Interesting... Well, she should be ready to begin by now.\" the director walked off to see the girl. \"Sweetie, are you ready?\" \"Yeah, yeah, let's go.\" Darla nearly scoffed as she tugged on the rope tied around her waist to go above the floor and come down in the movie like a true angel coming down from Heaven. ' This is going to end well. ' Atticus thought. \"Quiet on the set!\" the director called sharply. \"QUIET! Miss Dimple is ready to began! Lights, camera, action! Cue the elephant!\" An elephant wearing a suit muttered as he stuck his head in through a board for his head and people put tusks, a short fuzzy wig to put on his head, and started to film as the elephant trumpeted and the glossy pink curtain had the movie logo on and the chorus started as they parted. \"Great start.\" Atticus whispered. Darla was being lowered by a stagehand as she carried her parasol and sang the movie's song and she sang about how the people were so bad and the Lord made the rain come down, drowning the cities and towns, and all of the people drowned, but she decided to help the animals by building an ark. \"Cool.\" Atticus whispered. \"Shh.\" Cherry shushed him as Darla sang her little song. \"Sorry.\" Atticus whispered. Darla got to the cute part of the song and was talking about what each animal said with each animal replying by their animal noise and not speaking like they all could. ' So far so good. ' Atticus thought. Darla got to the dogs and cats about to go to the lions, though Danny sang his line than just say it. Danny then came back and continued to sing his line and bring it to life. Darla tried to keep calm, but she couldn't take it anymore. \"CUT! Cut, cut, cut!\" \"Cut?\" the director sounded in dismay. \"Oh, yes, cut, cut!\" Saywer pulled Danny out of the way. 'I stand corrected.' Atticus thought. \"Let me down THIS INSTANT!\" Darla yelled. \"Lower Miss Dimple, hurry, hurry, lower Miss Dimple!\" the director cried out. Darla growled, then screamed as she slammed in the middle of the floor with her legs sticking out. Cranston was laughing while TW looked very nervous. \"Ooh, a little sour under that sweetness.\" Cherry observed with a smirk. \"You're telling me.\" Atticus whispered. Darla settled herself and started to torment the director. \"And who here's an angel?\" she grinned, smashing his glasses, then continued to torture him. \"CAN YOU TELL ME WHO HERE IS AN ANGEL!?\" \"Why you are, Darla, sweetheart, celebrity, darling!\" the director soothed, then got choked a moment. \"Angel...\" \"That's right, I am an angel!\" the spoiled brat threw him down. \"I...Am... An Adorable... Little... ANGEL!\" Many of the assistants rushed to Darla to calm her down by giving her a picture of a baby to sign, a hot fudge sundae, a choo-choo train, her doll, and even a rubber ducky. ' Sour, more like evil. ' Atticus thought. \"I... Hate...ANIMALS!\" Darla yelled out, sending them all off and pointed sharply toward Danny. \"Especially THAT ONE!\" Danny backed up nervously, accidentally making the rope send Darla into the air and fly all around the studio. \"Get me down from here!\" Darla yelled. \"FLANAGIIIIN!\" \"Should we help?\" Cherry asked sarcastically. \"Might as well.\" Atticus said sarcastically. Cherry and Atticus then just sat down and watched the show. Darla screamed as she knocked down the adults like bowling pins and she was the ball. She finally had enough. Time to unleash her secret weapon. \" MAAAAAAAAAAAAX! \" Suddenly, everyone got terrified quickly. \"What's gotten them all spooked?\" Atticus asked. Suddenly the wall broke apart and there was a very tall and bulky man coming, dressed sharply. \"Whoa...\" Cherry blinked up at him. TW hid in a crocodile's mouth and Tillie hid behind a bird, expanding his wings. \"That guy looks like he's the size of a giant.\" Atticus whispered to Cherry. \"Looks like King Kong with his fur shaved off and got into toxic waste.\" Cherry whispered back. The giant man put his hand up as Darla swayed around and she crashed into his giant hand. \"Yes, Miss Dimpool?\" Darla breathed heavily in severe anger and pointed to Danny, glaring down at the orange tabby. Max leaned in and cracked his giant knuckles, making the other animals spread apart. Atticus gulps. Max had grabbed Danny and made him agree with how the movie is supposed to go and even made him slam in the middle of the floor right next to Sawyer. \"Will that be all, Miss Dimpool?\" \"For the moment, thank you, Max,\" Darla smiled, patting his head and allowing him to go back home and wait for her. She then came down between Cherry and Atticus. \"Hair and make-up, now !\" \"Yes, Miss Dimple,\" Atticus said and then whispered to Cherry. \"Let's just do it, so, then, we don't get kicked out.\" Cherry nodded, then decided to do Darla's hair to make the curls bouncy. \"I haven't seen you two around here before...\" Darla said as they attended to her. \"Are you interns?\" \"Actually, we're your new assistants.\" Atticus said. \"Just came in today.\" Cherry added. \"Hmm... Well, get to work then,\" Darla shrugged it off, folding her arms and letting them work, but she had the smile everyone in Hollywood knew and loved. \"This'll be my best movie yet! Next to Darladdin, then of course my western flick, Darla Got Yer Gun, my first movie where I'm an orphan on the streets rising to fame, and then Yankee Doodle Darla!\" \"That's great to hear, Miss Dimple.\" Atticus said, while he did her make-up. \"Uh, your parents must be so proud...\" Cherry said then. \"Um, right...\" Darla seemed to have sort of emotional fit towards that word. Parents. \"Wait, do you have a mom and dad?\" Atticus asked while still doing her make-up. \"That's not important right now, just work!\" Darla nearly snapped. Cherry filed the girl's nails. \"Sorry, just asking...\" \"Well, no one asked you!\" Darla huffed. Atticus was almost done with Darla's make-up. \"Okay, you're about done.\" Cherry said. \"Hurry it up, will you?\" Darla sounded agitated. \"I don't have all day!\" \"Okay, I'm done with your make-up.\" Atticus said as he was completely finished with her make-up, which was perfect. Darla smiled and allowed herself to be back up into the ceiling to come down from the clouds. \"Okay, people from the top!\" the director announced and glared at Danny. \"And I hope there will be no more interruptions!\" Danny shook while Sawyer put his hat back on his head. \"Well, Danny wasn't expecting that.\" Atticus whispered. \"I don't think anyone was...\" Cherry said quietly as the movie took a second take, this time, it managed to get done all the way properly. \"You're telling me.\" Atticus whispered. Darla yawned a little as she was lowered again and she was ready to go home and get some beauty rest. \"What a day...\" Cherry and Atticus were about to leave the set. \"Where do you think you're going?\" Darla called to them. \"You're supposed to be taking me home, Christie and Armando!\" \"Actually, our names are Cherry and Atticus, Miss Dimple.\" Atticus said. \"Whatever,\" Darla got her coat on. \"Just take me home. Max is probably too busy cleaning to drive me right now.\" \"Great...\" Cherry grumbled, taking the girl's hand. Danny was being made fun of by the other animals as it was getting quite dark. Atticus and Cherry then took Darla home. Darla walked into her fluffy pink home. \"Max, I'm back!\" She walked in, it only seemed to be her and her butler there, no friends, no family, no nothing. \"She must be lonely, the only one here except for her is Max.\" Atticus whispered. \"Maybe that's why she's a little bratty...\" Cherry added. \"Shh, don't say that out loud or else she might hear you.\" Atticus whispered. \"I guess we better get out of here...\" Cherry walked out since Darla hadn't called for them. There was a picture on a stand by the door that seemed to have a married couple on it. The woman had curly ginger hair with brown eyes and she wore a slender black dress with white pearled earrings and a necklace and ruby red lips and the man next to her had a white suit with wavy blonde hair and blue eyes. With them was also a girl with black hair in a ponytail in a yellow dress. \"That must be her with her parents.\" Atticus whispered. \"How can that be? That girl has black hair.\" Cherry pointed. \"Hey, what're you doing?\" Darla looked to them as she was in a fuzzy pink robe now, then gasped. \"Don't look at that! DON'T EVER LOOK AT THAT!\" she swiped the picture and hid it from them. \"Sorry, Miss Dimple, we won't, we promise, right, Cherry?\" Atticus asked. \"Right.\" Cherry nodded. \"Just get out of here...\" Darla growled, going upstairs. And so, Atticus and Cherry left.[Chapter 3] Danny and Pudge were dancing together with some random piano music that seemed to come from nowhere. \"Where's that music coming from?\" Atticus asked. The group turned over and went to behind a wall. There was a little hut not too far away and it seemed to be the source of the music. \"Come on, we better check it out.\" Cherry told the guys. \"Yeah.\" Atticus said. The group came closer and saw that an elephant had been playing the piano. They wondered about him a little and looked behind them to see the Mammoth Pictures logo and put it together. \"It's him!\" they all said together. \"Woolie the Mammoth!\" The elephant laughed, having so much fun with his music and even spun in his song. This made the group in the tree back up a little, then it flung them in right through the window and crashing into his place. \"Oh, my.\" Atticus said. Woolie congratulated Pudge to his addition to the music despite accidentally crashing onto the keyboard and he looked down to see Danny, Cherry, and Atticus. \"If my old eyes aren't failing me, I'd say you're the fellow who caused all that commotion today!\" Woolie was talking to Danny as he hid behind a couple of cushions. \"Y-Yeah, I suppose I really upset Miss Dimple...\" Danny tried to hide himself. \"Yes, that jolly good show!\" Woolie then laughed to show he was friendly. \"You're not mad at him?\" Atticus asked. \"Of course not, that's the best performance I've seen in years!\" Woolie chuckled. There was a high whistle heard. \"Oh, tea time, excuse me a bit.\" Woolie stood up and walked across the place, making the others lean one way by force and the piano hit them all in the face. \"Ouch.\" Atticus muffled. \"Did you know the peanut is not a nut at all, nor a pea for that matter...\" Woolie said as he got a pot holder on his trunk to get the tea, unaware of the injuries inflicted on his new friends. Every time Woolie took a step, everyone would go another way. \"Sugar?\" Woolie asked. \"Yeah!\" Pudge beamed, but then Danny covered his beak as they went sliding again. \"No, thank you.\" Atticus said. Woolie got the sugar for Pudge, sending them flying again. They even crashed against the keyboard and were in a daze. \"Mommy, is the ride over?\" Atticus asked while being in a daze. Woolie then handed everyone their peanut tea and was about to sit down. \"Oh, I forgot the cream, would you all like some cream?\" Everyone quickly told him no and didn't want to go through that whole mess again. \"Alright, suit yourselves.\" Woolie sat down which made the tea jump out of their cups and splash back down, though Cherry and Pudge didn't get it back into their cups. \"You're amazing on the piano.\" Atticus said. \"Yeah, that was quite the song,\" Danny agreed. \"Did you write it for some movie?\" \"Oh, no,\" Woolie chuckled a little. \"No movie...\" \"Did you write it for yourself?\" Atticus asked. \"Indeed, I was also self-taught, do you any of you play?\" Woolie asked. \"Unfortunately.\" Cherry mumbled. \"Kind of, and I also sing and dance.\" Atticus said. \"Yeah, that's why I'm here.\" Danny added, smiling. \"You shouldn't waste your talent, Woolie.\" \"Well, it's the same for everyone,\" Woolie pointed behind them with his trunk. \"See for yourself... So many broken dreams...\" \"Wow.\" Atticus said. There was TW shown being like a pirate, Cranston and Frances were doing the tango, and there was a last picture of a familiar white cat having a good time with her fur curled up. \"Is that Sawyer?\" Danny asked. \"Poor Sawyer,\" Woolie sighed. \"I thought she'd be the one to make it. The heart of gold and the voice of an angel.\" \"Who would've guessed?\" Cherry asked rhetorically. \"Yeah.\" Atticus said. \"But, I thought Hollywood was always looking for some kind of talent.\" Danny looked back at the elephant. \"Talented people , not animals...\" Woolie said softly. \"You see, the spotlight will never be on folks like you and me.\" Danny, Pudge, and Woolie all had saddened expressions. This also saddened Atticus and Cherry. Danny then thought of something. \"Unless... We remind 'em...\" he said as he played a few keys. \"Of what?\" Cherry asked. \"Why they came here in the first place.\" Danny explained and they came up with an idea for all the acting-less animals in this town. \"They're holding roles for the jungle stampede in a Tarzan movie, we can round 'em all up that way.\" Cherry suggested. \"Yeah.\" Atticus agreed. \"About what time?\" Danny asked. \"Sometime in the afternoon, maybe after lunch?\" Cherry shrugged. \"Yeah.\" Atticus said. Everyone decided to do just that and meet in the afternoon tomorrow and bring back their hidden talents from the human public. \"So, where are we going to stay?\" Atticus asked. \"I'm staying in a hotel if you guys care to join me.\" Danny offered. \"I gotta get myself home anyway.\" Pudge agreed. \"It is rather late.\" Woolie looked at the time as he sipped the last of his peanut tea from his great-grandmother's recipe. Atticus and Cherry then joined Danny. Cherry slept on the extra bed, Danny slept in his bed, and Atticus slept on the couch. They would meet Pudge later after breakfast and then go to the alley as they would hold auditions to be in the Tarzan movie to be part of it. The least they could do is animal roles and not be a star, unless they were like Lassie the wonder dog. \"Tomorrow is going to be a new day.\" Atticus said. \"Sure is, guys, get some sleep.\" Danny got himself ready and climbed into his bed. \"See you all in the morning...\" Cherry yawned as she covered herself to get to bed. And so, they all were asleep.[Chapter 4] The next afternoon after breakfast at Pinky's diner, they all met up like they said they would. Danny looked over to see the animals lined up after the director for the Tarzan movie had requested only a water buffalo and everyone else was to leave. \"Now's our chance, guys.\" He led them over. \"Hey, everybody!\" Pudge whistled, getting everyone's attention. \"Look who's back,\" Cranston scowled. \"I wish he'd consider himself stuffed.\" \"I know a divine taxidermist, darling,\" Frances smirked. \"Did my first husband.\" \"I hope this works.\" Atticus whispered. \"Hey everybody, gather 'round, don't let this old town get ya down,\" Danny made a droopy dog smile, then went to a couple of horses. \"Look at you there with the long, long face.\" \"Hey!\" one of the horses looked to the other. \"He must be talkin' to you!\" \"You take this and you take that, come over here, TW, and put on this hat,\" Danny continued as the animals seemed to cheer up a bit. \"If we all work together, we can make our dreams come true. Let's show the world what we can do.\" \"Hit it, Pudge!\" Cherry called. Pudge nodded, then was playing with a drum set made from junk. Danny started to sing about his rhythm to everyone and then joined in the dancing and had some fun. Even Frances and Cranston got in the spirit. Sawyer seemed to overhear the commotion and had herself come down to see everything. \"Guys, what's going on here?\" Sawyer asked Cherry and Atticus. \"We're showing everyone what we're made of.\" Atticus said. \"Sawyer, why don't you sing?\" Danny asked. \"We heard you're a natural.\" Cherry added. \"Who told you that?\" Sawyer scoffed. Woolie answered with a trumpet as he played his piano for everyone. \"Well?\" Atticus asked. \"This is a waste of time, Danny'll never dance in the movies!\" Sawyer insisted. \"Did I say movies?\" Danny tilted his head. \"No, we're just having fun, come on!\" Sawyer rejected, about to walk away, but Tillie bumped her against Danny and the other animals, Cherry, and Atticus encouraged her to try it. Sawyer then gave in. Danny and Sawyer made their own dance together and even had a good time. They dipped together and Sawyer looked into Danny's eyes and she looked back, but quickly walked away. \"Like I said, dancing's a waste of time...\" Sawyer walked away. \"Darn... I lost her... What am I gonna do?\" Danny was lost as he stood next to a poster of the famed movie magic maker, L.B. Mammoth. \"Well, you didn't think it was a waste of time once before.\" Atticus said. \"That was a long time ago, guys... It's time to move on...\" Sawyer kept walking. Danny had an idea. \"Why don't I get you an audition for L.B. Mammoth?\" \"L.B. Mammoth?\" Sawyer looked back with a laugh. \"Head of Mammoth Studios?\" \"Yeah, all we have to do is ask Darla Dimple.\" Atticus said. \"Besides, after nothing but her, he'll be starving for it!\" Cranston laughed. \"You guys are dreaming~\" Sawyer continued to walk to get back to work. \"Maybe we are, but so were you a few minutes ago.\" Danny retorted. Sawyer paused for a moment, but then she kept walking. \"D-Do you really think guys can get us an audition with the boss?\" Pudge came to the three new friends he made. \"It's worth a try,\" Cherry said as they were passing a Darladdian and the 40 Thieves poster. \"We'll need a way to get to him though.\" \"Yeah, anyways, let's get going before she notices us not there.\" Atticus said. The group had walked away. When Danny, Cherry, and Atticus got back to the hotel, they were surprised that at the front desk, they had mail. \"Invitation for you, Mr. Cat, Mr. Fudo, and Miss Butler.\" the concierge handed the frilly pink envelope sealed with a pink heart to them. \"Who could it be from?\" Danny asked as he took the envelope. \"Who knows?\" Atticus said. \"I'm pretty sure I have an idea.\" Cherry mumbled sarcastically. Danny opened the envelope to see it was an invitation to tea at the Dimple mansion. \"It's from Darla, she wants us to come over for tea.\" \"That's oddly nice of her.\" Atticus said. \"Yeah... Very oddly nice...\" Cherry got suspicious of the child star. \"Well, we better get going.\" Danny said as he went with them to the Dimple mansion. Danny rang the doorbell when they climbed up the fluffy pink hill, it seemed to be all pink and hearts with this kid. Max came to the door and looked down at them. \"Yes?\" \"Um, we're here to see Miss Dimple.\" Atticus said. Max opened the door and gestured for them to come inside. After the last guest came in, Max shut the door and went to the foyer where Darla was and he came to help her into her seat. \"Thanks for coming over, Candace, Artemis, and Donald...\" Darla said as she came in. \"Actually, it's Cherry, Atticus, and Danny, Miss Dimple.\" Atticus corrected. \"Oh,\" Darla giggled. \"Sorry...\" she kept her cheerful childish grin and gestured to a bowl. \"Animal cracker?\" Cherry shook her head and Danny seemed hesitant. \"No? More for me!\" Darla beamed as she bit the head off a cat one and threw it to Danny. \"I wanted to apologize for what Max did the other day... He's so bad sometimes...\" she patted her large butler's hand. \"Ow...\" Max said which caused Darla's curls to fly back briefly. 'I've never seen her so nice, other then when she would be acting.' Atticus thought. Danny and Darla discussed what happened during the first filming for Li'l Ark Angel, then Darla had said she wanted to make it all up to them. \"Oh, you don't have to...\" Danny said, then got nervous as Max shoved them all in chairs, giving them forks, and slices of strawberry cake as he wore a frilly pink apron. \"Oh, but I insist!\" Darla chirped. \"Is there anything you need? Isn't there something I could do for you?\" she was reaching for another cracker. \"I don't think so.\" Cherry replied. Darla then crawled to face them with her dimpled and babyish face. \"Isn't there a certain someone, with a certain studio, that I could introduce you all to?\" \"Well, now that you've mentioned it, we were wondering if ,*gulp*, I mean, if you wouldn't mind, calling L.B. Mammoth and see the animals perform.\" Atticus suggested. \"Why, Asgard, I'd be delighted!\" Darla snatched a cracker, still smiling. \"Idea! Maybe your animal friends could all do a number in my movie!\" \"You think so, um, Miss Dimple?\" Cherry asked the young actress. \"It's just what the picture needs,\" Darla explained. \"I'll give you full use of my sound stage, ark, and anything else you may need!\" \"Thank you, Miss Di-\" Danny thanked her. \"Ah, ah, ah, call me Darla!\" \"Thank you, Darla!\" \"Don't mention it.\" Darla grinned, biting off another cracker head and tossed it aside, giggling like the child she was. \"This is amazing news.\" Atticus said. \"Sawyer could do a romantic ballad and maybe even Woolie could do a piano solo!\" Danny cheered as he started to eat the headless animal crackers. Darla stared wide-eyed with a small smile. \"Did you hear that, Max? Woolie... The elephant ... Could even play his solo!\" Max groaned and rolled his eyes. This caused for all three of them to gulp. \"D-Don't you think that would be a good idea?\" Danny asked nervously. \"Well, I think...\" Darla curled her finger in her curl, stringing it, but it bounced back to normal. \"Do you three really want my advice?\" Danny, Cherry, and Atticus agreed. \"Well...\" Darla decided to explain in song as the table turned into a piano and Max started to play it by candlelight and a spotlight shined on the girl. And where it was amazing to them as at the end of the song, all three of them were jaw dropped by how it was. \"Leaves ya kinda speechless,\" Darla smirked as she closed their mouths, lying on the tea table. \"Don't it?\" Atticus nodded his head. Danny, Cherry, and Atticus followed Darla as she was seeing them out and she arranged the plans of them to see L.B. Mammoth Friday at 3:00 sharp and not to tell anyone she was involved in it. She didn't like to advertise her charitable work. \"Thanks, Miss Dimple!\" Danny beamed. \"Thanks a lot!\" \"You're welcome, Dino, Andrew, and Clarice!\" Darla waved them off. \"Goodbye!\" \"Ta-ta, see ya in the movies!\" Darla fluttered her eyes at them before gently shutting the door. \"I still don't trust her...\" Cherry looked back to the door. \"Me neither.\" Atticus said. \"You guys coming?\" Danny called and asked on his way down. \"You go on ahead... I think I need to check something...\" Cherry said as they still stood by Darla Dimple's mansion. \"Same with me.\" Atticus said. \"Okay, suit yourselves...\" Danny shrugged and continued to walk off. Cherry looked into the window. \"Is L.B.'s press conference still Friday at 3:00?\" Darla asked as she got on the phone with the publicity department. \"Oh, thank you sooo much!\" she then hung up and she developed an evil laugh. ' I knew it, she really is evil. ' Atticus thought. \"What are we gonna do?\" Cherry asked as Darla went to her bedroom as the sun was slowly setting. \"Well, first, let's see what her plan is.\" Atticus said. Cherry and Atticus moved to a window to the spoiled brat's bedroom window. Darla climbed up onto her vanity table as she was slid into her robe, her hair bow was disposed of and replaced with electric hair curlers as she took out a tube of lipstick and made a crude drawing of kitty cats in love and wanted to drown them all. And what better way to do it then to have them all in the ark and wait for L.B. Mammoth and have him see the mess and blame the animals for it? \"Okay, now, that, is pure evil.\" Atticus said. \"Shut up, Max!\" Darla hissed as she grinned wickedly for her plans. She then looked into her mirror and deeply scowled as she saw two figures in the background. Cherry and Atticus ducked down. \"Max, fetch those abominations!\" Darla commanded. \"Yes, Miss Dimpool...\" Max droned and had captured the two, bringing them inside. \"What do you two want now?\" Darla wasn't even bothering with her cute and adorable act. \"We know about your evil plan.\" Atticus said. \"Oh, you do, do you?\" Darla smiled darkly. \"And I guess you're going to tell everyone?\" \"Of course we are!\" Cherry growled. \"I think I have a better idea, Max, throw them in the dungeon!\" Darla folded her arms. Max was going to throw the kids into the basement of the house, slowly walking to the door. \"Goodbye, you two, let's hope you all don't drown with the flash flood on Friday.\" Darla cackled. \"Why are you doing this?\" Atticus asked Darla. \"What has anyone ever done to you to let you become so evil?\" \"That doesn't matter, leave my sight!\" Darla snarled. \"Darla, just let us help you!\" Cherry called out. \"No, I don't trust anyone but Max, not leave me unless you are willing to become my loyal servants!\" \"It isn't fun just having Max around.\" Atticus said before he left. Darla put her hand up. \"Dungeon, Max!\" Max agreed and threw the two kids down in the basement and slammed the door, locking it from the other side and went back to help Darla with anything she may need or want. Cherry rubbed her neck from the rough landing. \"What are we going to do?\" \"I don't know, maybe dig.\" Atticus suggested. \"Dig in a basement?\" Cherry looked at her nails that nearly had been chewed off. \"I doubt there's a shovel in here...\" She found a treasure chest and opened it, looking through some old things such as baby clothes and fancy gowns for women and there was a wooden pipe too. Cherry then took out a very old and ratty teddy bear, but couldn't find any shovels. \"I have two shovels.\" Atticus said as he showed two shovles. \"Where'd you get those?\" Cherry asked as she shut the box filled with things that seemed to belong to a big family and not a little girl who lived alone. \"I brought them, somehow I knew we would need these. Anyways, what did you find in that chest?\" Atticus asked. \"It was just standing there collecting dust,\" Cherry shrugged. \"Looks like it'd been lost for years...\" she opened it up again and showed him the stuff inside of it, including a baby with a curly tuft of hair who looked very happy and carefree like many infants. \"A curly haired baby? Do you think that could be Darla as a baby?\" Atticus asked. \"I guess,\" Cherry shrugged. \"Wonder where her family is?\" \"We'll figure that out later.\" Atticus said. \"How're we gonna shovel out of a house?\" Cherry asked. \"I never shoveled before...\" They continued to dig until finally they were out of the house. Cherry and Atticus popped their heads out as they were on a set for a wild west movie which seemed to have stopped. \"We are out of here!\" Cherry climbed out with him. \"Uhh... Now where do we go?\" \"Which way to the set of Darla Dimple's newest movie?\" Atticus asked the camera man. \"That way, kiddo.\" the camera man pointed down south where there were two other movies, but there was Stage #13 for Li'l Ark Angel starring the one and only Darla Dimple. \"Thank, you, sir,\" Atticus said, before turning to Cherry. \"Come on, Cherry, there's no to lose.\" Cherry got herself out and followed Atticus. \"Come on, we have to warn everyone!\" Stage 13 was completely empty, no one was there. No directors, no camera crew, no producers, no animals, no nothing. \"Where is everyone?\" Atticus asked. \"Maybe they're done for the day?\" Cherry shrugged again. \"Yeah, maybe.\" Atticus said. \"But how're we gonna tell everyone!?\" Cherry cried out. \"Okay, let's just calm down, we'll tell them as soon as possible.\" Atticus said. \"We apparently don't have a lot of time...\" Cherry said back. \"I know.\" Atticus said. They both made their way to the hotel, they would warn all the animals tomorrow.[Chapter 5] But the animals were too excited to even pay attention to them. Could this get any worse?\" Atticus groaned, then asked. \"Hey, Atticus, Cherry, our little angel sent me a new copy of script and looks like she's included you two with all of us.\" Danny said as he as he gave them both a copy of the script and winked when he said little angel. \"Oh, boy...\" Cherry murmured. \"We're dead.\" Atticus said, then looked at Tillie. \"Hey, Tillie, do you know anything about what happened to Darla's parents?\" \"Huh?\" Tillie asked as she got some powder together. \"Darla's parents? They're probably glad they don't have to worry about their spoiled brat of a daughter anymore... Frankly, if I had a child like that, I don't think I could stand it!\" Cherry was too busy cringing in her new outfit to pay attention to the conversation. \"So, you don't know where her parents are or even know if they're still alive or *gulps* dead?\" Atticus asked. \"Never knew and probably never will find out, maybe she killed them.\" Tillie shrugged, laughing a little, trying not to think too much about Darla right now. \"Come on, we gotta get in the ark.\" Danny came to the two in his costume. They all got inside the ark, after getting in their costumes. They all waited inside the ark to show L.B. Mammoth their stuff, unaware that he had a press conference today and was going to show the press the newest Darla Dimple movie. The animals were also unaware that Darla and Max were planning to flood the stage and get the animals thrown out of Hollywood forever and she would still be the lovable child actress everyone believed she was, when obviously she wasn't. ' This is going to end badly, I just know it. ' Atticus thought. Danny and Sawyer held each other as Tillie accidentally rolled into them, crushing them. \"Whoa, okay now!\" Cherry tried to keep her balance. The ark was splashing out of Stage 13 and was taking L.B. Mammoth and Flanigan the director with them. Tillie was star struck that she started to sing and had Frances and TW in her hands. Sawyer was arguing with Danny about who should be driving after Sawyer retorted that it stunk. They even crashed into a costume department, Sawyer and Danny were Egyptian, Tillie was a Renaissance woman, Flanigan was a jungle man, and LB Mammoth was just in his underwear now with a water buffalo hat. \"This is a disaster, how could it get any worse?!\" Atticus exclaimed. Soon enough the ark stopped and everyone was starting to sink. LB glared at Danny and Sawyer. \"You animals will never -\" \"Nibble kibble in this town again!\" Flanigan finished for him as they were both underwater now. Cherry helped Atticus out of the water, she was able to breathe underwater now after she had met Ariel and King Triton. And where she got Atticus back up to the surface. \"You okay?\" Cherry knelt over him as the water dripped from her dark hair. Atticus coughed out water. \"Y-Yeah..\" he said. Cherry half-way smiled. After the flood cleared out, all of the animals were thrown out of Hollywood's gates. \"But it wasn't!\" Danny called out, then grew low and sad to see his new friends. \"It wasn't their fault...\" As they all sulked, a limo pulled up and window lowered to reveal Darla grinned sadistically. \"Nice working with you, Danny, Cherry, and Atticus!\" she smirked, then fell back, laughing. \"Singing and dancing animals!\" Max took out a very soaked Pudge and dropped him on the road as the limo drove off. 'I would love to teach that girl a lesson.' Atticus thought. Sawyer looked over. \" She was your little angel?\" \"S-She said she wanted to help us...\" Danny explained. \"And you believed her?\" Tillie asked. Danny felt very lost now as the other animals decided to leave. \"There's no room in the spotlight for folks like you and me...\" Woolie said before leaving. \"Go home, son...\" ' This can't be how it ends. ' Atticus thought. \"Oh, my...\" Cherry moaned as everyone was leaving. \"What're we gonna do now?\" Danny had already left to go back to his hotel room. \"Right now, I don't know.\" Atticus said. Frances, TW, Tillie, Cranston, Sawyer, and a few of the other animals decided to go to Pinky's Diner. For once in his life, Atticus didn't know what for him and Cherry to do next. Danny was thought on leaving town. Cherry went to the diner to get a roast beef sandwich for a late meal. Sawyer was slowly stirring her tea as she was given her cup. Cranston felt like he had no choice but to leave show business and go to the farm like a real goat. Tillie tried to convince everyone to try Broadway, having heard hippos were very big in Broadway, to which Frances replied they were big everywhere. TW spoke up, which made everyone but Sawyer, Cherry, and Atticus start blaming Danny for all this mess. And where Atticus didn't want to hear anymore from the other animals, so he just went outside. Sawyer felt the same way and left the diner, taking her umbrella as she seemed to be the most sad about Danny leaving. She hummed and sang a little song to herself about how she had loved Danny, but he was going to be gone. He believed in her the most and she just turned him away like an old overcoat. Unknown to her, Atticus, Cherry, and Tillie were listening while she was singing. Sawyer cheered herself up a little bit as she walked along as the rain ceased and her fur became a little curly. Tillie sighed and leaned against the restaurant, making it back up and the customers inside scream. \"Guys!\" Sawyer gasped as she looked to see the three of them. Tillie blinked and pulled the diner back. \"You were amazing.\" Atticus said. \"Oh, come on, not really...\" Sawyer said to the kids. \"Um, I know it's none of my business, but you can still catch Danny at the bus stop...\" Tillie said with a nervous smile, then dashed off. \"The bus stop?\" Cherry wondered. \"Oh, no, he must be getting on a bus back to his hometown.\" Atticus said. \"We better get him.\" Sawyer said quickly, voicing general concern for Danny. \"Come on!\" Cherry called. The three of them tried to get to the next bus which was going to Kokomo before Danny would be gone forever. All three of them ran as fast as they could. It was too late, Danny had already left off the bus. Sawyer felt so heartbroken, she looked down to see Danny left his straw hat and saw his Hollywood checklist. Her eyes filled with tears as she pouted and looked back at the leaving bus. \"Oh, dear...\" Cherry sounded grave in worry and sadness for the cat girl. 'This can't be how it ends.' Atticus thought. Sawyer hung her head and was sulking to get home now, very depressed and brokenhearted. \"I'm not giving up.\" Atticus said. \"Atticus, he's going home, what more can we do?\" Cherry said to him. \"We can stop that bus.\" Atticus said. \"I don't know about that.\" Cherry shrugged. Atticus was already on his way to stop the bus.[Chapter 6] The bus had already stopped before Atticus could do anything. Danny was coming out from the doors and ran into the human boy. \"Atticus, what're you doing out here?\" \"Stopping you from leaving.\" Atticus said. \"I just got an idea, but I'll need your and Cherry's help, you two believed in me, also Pudge.\" Danny then said. You got it.\" Atticus said. Cherry had caught up. \"What's going on?\" \"Hang on, first let's get Pudge.\" Danny said to them. The three of them went by the L'il Ark Angel billboard as Pudge had packed an ice cube in a hobo sack and seemed to had been walking off, looking lost and hopeless. \"Hey, Pudge.\" Atticus said. \"Hey, guys...\" Pudge said lowly. \"You're not gonna quit, are you?\" Danny asked. \"What other choice do I have?\" Pudge asked. \"All animals have been thrown out of Hollywood cuz of that Dimple kid.\" \"Darla made that mess?\" Cherry asked. \"Yeah, she and that big guy Max flooded the stage!\" Pudge explained. \"We can use this information somewhere in the plan.\" Atticus said. \"We have to make sure the gang's all together, but we have to get to the publicity department.\" Danny suggested. \"Come on, but we'll have to be quiet, hopefully no one will notice any difference when the invitations are sent to the movie's premiere.\" Cherry added. \"Yeah.\" Atticus said. The four gathered together to get to the publicity department and kept quiet so that the guard that was asleep wouldn't hear them and arrest them. Once they got in, Danny got to the typewriter and included TW's, Sawyer's, Frances', Woolie's, and Cranston's names to the invitation list. Cherry and Pudge stood by the door in case anyone would happen to walk by. The invitation's were sent out. In the morning of the day of the big movie premiere for Li'l Ark Angel, everyone was getting ready. Darla as usual was being spoiled by everyone who worked for her and pampered her to look her best. Everyone else in Hollywood was getting their best clothes ready and a lot of fans in the audience had their autograph books and cameras ready to see the stars shining in the night. Darla was wondering where Atticus and Cherry were since they were her assistants. She then decided that she didn't care and just finished getting herself ready for the big show tonight. Won't be long now as she would remain the biggest star and those animals would have crushed dreams. Unknown to her, Atticus and Cherry were with Danny and Pudge. Finally, Darla was ready to go as she wore a nice fur coat over a red dress with pink puffed sleeves with a matching skirt and tiny heart in the center with an adorable red bow on her little curly head. She was waiting impatiently for the older stars to have their shots in the spotlight before LB Mammoth, finally she could be seen. There came a little boy in the crowd who wanted Darla's autograph and rushed to her to get it after she had signed her name and put her tiny hand and foot prints into the wet cement like the older celebrities. Her time had come. While this was going on, Atticus and the others were getting ready. Cherry was wearing a bright green dress which seemed to compliment her skin tone and she had a big black rose-like flower in her hair as she was backstage with the others while the movie would start and the others would get in with Darla, LB Mammoth, Flanigan and Max in the balcony with a bunch of treats and stuffed animals for the little brat herself. Danny wore a green suit with a bow tie, Pudge wore an orange vest with a red bow tie and Atticus wore a dark blue suit. And where they were getting ready for the rest of their plan. The movie was getting to its very cute and cuddly part where Darla promises to help and protect every 'eensy-weensy' one of the animals and cuddles with them, making the audience gush. Cherry hid a chuckle as she could've sworn she heard Cranston mutter; \"Shoot me.\" Danny was moving the piano with the candlelight, getting Pudge's saxophone, and a drum set ready, but they had accidentally let the cymbal go flying, but they caught it in time before hitting the floor. Pudge looked in the cymbal and rearranged and snapped his bow tie, no one could've heard that, right? But Max did. Max vanished behind the balcony's curtain and made his way backstage. The ones backstage were almost all set, they just had to wait for the movie to end. \"It's almost time, I'll go hit the lights.\" Danny told his friends. \"Check!\" Pudge nodded. \"Nothing could possibly go wrong now.\" Atticus said. Max was now right behind them and staring them down. Pudge was being lifted up and was rubbed against Max's bald head and placed on the ceiling, sticking due to static electricity. \"Danny, watch out!\" Cherry whispered loudly. Danny slowly turned around and saw Max, making him panic and fear for his life. \"Run for your life!\" Atticus whispered loudly. Danny tried to hold off Max with the candlelight on the piano for Woolie. Max snorted over the candle, making Danny fly back against the wall, but he went up the rope to the roof door to escape from Darla's master servant. Max growled at the kids, he would deal with them later and he was going to get Danny. \"Hold on, Pudge!\" Cherry whispered loudly up to the penguin in distress. Danny and Max were going to fight on the roof while Cherry and Atticus would get Pudge down. Cherry found a ladder and stood by, not climbing up it. \"What're you waiting for?\" she asked Atticus. \"I'm coming.\" Atticus said. Cherry watched him go and held the ladder. \"Thanks, guys...\" Pudge said to them as the boy helped him down. \"No problem, buddy.\" Atticus said. \"I think the movie's getting close to ending.\" Cherry looked over her shoulder. \"Yeah.\" Atticus said. \"Where's Danny?\" Pudge asked. \"Up on the roof,\" Cherry's eyes widened. \"He had a run-in with Max.\" They then went up to the roof. \"Danny, the movie's over, everybody's leaving!\" Pudge called as Danny seemed a little beat up as he watched the Darla balloon fly away. \"Whoa... You're a mess...\" Danny looked back to them. \"Come on, we're wasting time!\" Cherry sounded impatient. \"Yeah.\" Atticus said.[Chapter 7] \"Do you really like me?\" Darla was heard as the crowd applauded after the movie ended. \"Wait!\" Danny came out with his new friends as the people were on their way out, but the cat had got their attention. \"Please, everyone t-t-take your seats! Today, we've come to honor Miss Darla Dimple, and since Darla Dimple cares, she's planned a special treat for you! A whole new live show!\" The crowd went wild then. \"With an all animal cast!\" Cherry put in, which made the clapping stop just then. \"Unheard of, yes, but not for America's Sweetheart Lover of Children and Animals!\" Danny added. Darla growled, grabbing a teddy bear, but then hugged it as the spotlight was on her, but the head popped off. She then hid it behind her back, looking around nervously. \"M-M-Max...?\" This was going according to plan. Mammoth looked at Darla like she had some explaining to do. \"And we wouldn't dream of preforming without our fr-\" Danny smiled, then the spotlight showed the respective animals weren't in their seats. \"I-I-I...\" \"Silly cat,\" Darla smirked. \"Run along now, skit skat, Mr. Kitty Cat and your friends... Isn't he cute? Run along and play, Mr. Kitty!\" She taunted as the audience laughed at their downfall. Danny grew nervous and wasn't sure what to do now. He then looked behind him to see Sawyer's paw was in his and that she had brought the friends with her in Tillie's hold. Cherry and Atticus went backstage then to talk Cranston, TW, Woolie, and Frances into doing this tonight. It was now or never. \"Come on, you guys, perform tonight, please?\" Atticus asked. When the group seemed really hesitant, Danny got them to stop. \"If you're willing to accept what they think of you, then you can just go!\" Danny yelled to them, then calmed himself down. \"I almost did...\" \"Well, you should've!\" Cranston argued. \"Working for animals is the pits, working the scapegoat!\" \"Quickly forgotten.\" Woolie added. \"Working for scale.\" Frances finished. Atticus, Cherry, Pudge, and Danny weren't going give up that easily. \"Then why are you still here?\" Atticus asked them. \"Because you can't forget that feeling, can you?\" Danny added to the question as he came to his friends. \"When you two dance,\" he looked to Frances and Cranston, then looked to Woolie. \"When you play,\" he looked back to Sawyer. \"When you sing...\" He looked down to the turtle. \"They haven't let you done, have they?\" TW took out his numerous fortune cookies he collected, then took a really helpful one out. \"'They can smash your cookie, but you'll always have your fortune'.\" Everyone felt good then. \"Come on, guys, show them what you can do.\" Cherry gave a thumbs up to her new friends. \"Yeah.\" Atticus said. \"Oh, boy, oh, boy, oh, boy!\" Tillie giggled as she did a little dance in excitement. \"Well...\" Darla yawned as she waited with the audience. \"It's kinda getting kinda more or less rather late !\" \"You couldn't be more right, hit it, Pudge!\" Danny came from behind the curtain. Pudge played his saxophone as an intro to the incoming song for the animals to preform to the crowd and wow them. \"Excuse me, ladies and gentlemen, if you could be so kind, someone very special here, is about to speak her mind.\" Danny said to the crowd. Sawyer ripped off her hat and made herself look more stylish in her movie premiere dress and started to sing. Darla looked around and decided to try to ruin the show, this was her night after all. But Atticus and Cherry were back there and acted as if they were going to help her ruin the animals' performance. Darla smirked. \"Nice to see you two come to your senses...\" she then tip-toed to the curtain to drop it, but it actually showed more on the front stage and the audience oohed at it. The little girl growled and went back as she saw that failed. \"Darla, why don't you turn the lights out on them?\" Cherry suggested. \"Great idea.\" Darla grinned, slamming the lights off. The lights did indeed go off, but bright lights came on, making Danny and Sawyer as silhouettes, but the audience loved that too. \"Oops, I guess that didn't help.\" Atticus said. Darla used the ladder that was used to help Pudge get down, but the girl climbed up it with a bunch of bulbs in a box as she looked down to see Danny and Sawyer. She was going to knock them on the head, but when she threw the bulbs down, it just made the stage look prettier. \"Sweet, sweet karma...\" Cherry smirked. \"Yep.\" Atticus said. Darla even tried to use some steam on the animals, but the machine bolted open, sending her flying across stage and smacking herself against the wall. Why wasn't this working? She had help and assistance too. This scene was making Atticus and Cherry laugh at what was happening to Darla. Darla tried to hook up TW as he was given a solo in the song, but nothing would work. She even tried to sabotage the light show with a wrench, but she got herself electrocuted. Darla was beating herself in the head as her plans were failing and saw the Granddaddy of All Switches. Her eyes flamed as she climbed up to pull that switch and finally win. She laughed insanely, if this didn't work, nothing would. \"Whoa...\" Cherry looked out and saw what was happening, this was like the best movie premiere after show in years. \"And for the grand finale.\" Atticus said. Darla stumbled backwards and made herself fall as the song was ending. Cherry and Atticus came as Sawyer ended the song and the crowd was blown away. One guy's teeth fell out, but the crowd loved it. LB Mammoth and Flanigan also approved and Hollywood decided to give animals a chance to be in the movies with that kind of talent. Atticus and Cherry came out. It was a great show, until... Darla came up, mangled up a bit as she crawled over toward Danny and slapped Pudge. \" I'm the star... you stupid, stupid CAT!\" she grabbed Danny's collar, unaware of the microphone above her head. \"I should've drowned you all and killed Cherry and Atticus WHEN I FLOODED THE STAGE! \" Her last sentence echoed, thanks to the mic. Darla grew nervous then and tried to be all innocent again for the crowd. Pudge chuckled, then threw the trap door lever. Darla was pulled down. \"MAAAAAAAAAAAAAX!\" After that, Darla Dimple, America's Sweetheart Lover of Children and Animals was no more. Frances gave a kiss to Cranston, Woolie and Tillie hugged, Pudge and TW shook hands, electrocuting the turtle. \"Let's see... ' Go to premiere ',\" Sawyer took Danny's list. \"Check... ' Land a Big Part ', check. ' Get the girl '?\" she smiled at the orange cat. \"Check.\" Atticus and Cherry then helped with that last one by pushing the two cats closer together. Danny and Sawyer were about to kiss, but then Flanigan accidentally came in the middle of them. \"Get a picture, boys,\" Mammoth said as the camera crew from the press were going to put this in the newspaper. \"These kids are gonna be making history!\" Danny and the others went with LB Mammoth and Flanigan to start their new lives.[Chapter 8] Cherry and Atticus were on their way, as the theater cleared out, but there was Darla, now in a blue jumpsuit and a pink bandanna as she had been reduced to as a janitor and was forced to clean up the mess she made. \"Should we help her?\" Cherry asked Atticus as they were the only ones left. \"Might as well.\" Atticus said. Darla was mopping around and glared up at her two 'assistants'. \"What do you two want?\" \"We're gonna help you clean up.\" Cherry offered. Darla scoffed. \"Yeah, right, like you'd really help me after what I'd done.\" But she was surprised to see that they were helping her clean. \"So, Darla, what do you think you're gonna do now since you're not a celebrity anymore?\" Cherry asked. \"I don't know what else to do...\" Darla put the mop up as she looked at the stage. \"I could go home, but Max won't be there and they're probably gonna auction it off...\" \"We could help you out with that too, wait, what about your parents?\" Atticus asked. \"Can't they help you?\" Darla looked to him, then looked down drearily. \"I-I don't have parents... Not anymore...\" \"What happened to them?\" Atticus asked. Darla held herself as she walked to the distance, looking up to the sky as if it provided an answer. \"They died in a car accident with my big sister... I was only four-years-old and with a nanny... I didn't have any other living relatives, so I was sent to an orphanage, but that's where I also got my start...\" \"You first movie was about an orphan girl who becomes a celebrity when a movie producer adopts her.\" Cherry remembered. \"Yes, that one is true,\" Darla sighed. \"LB Mammoth came to the orphanage to look for a new kid to represent since he thought children were just adorable and would see a lot of his movies with a child, so there was a talent show, the winner would be adopted by him, this bully girl was going to outshine me, but I was better than her, so I got to win.\" \"What happened to the bully girl?\" Atticus asked. \"I don't know,\" Darla shrugged. \"I was just told to go pack up my bags in my room and I went with Mr. Mammoth in his limo and drove off to my new home of Hollywood. But now... I'm not famous anymore and he won't represent me because of you and your dumb animal friends!\" \"We didn't intend on making you a street urchin, Darla...\" Cherry tried to soothe. \"Well, you did, and now I have nowhere to go!\" Darla huffed. \"I'm not going back to that orphanage! Neither of you can't know what it's like to have a family and then have them be taken from you, then finally get a home where no one takes care of you except someone like Max, then have yourself be taken away from the only happy place you'll ever have!\" \"Darla, would like to come back home with us?\" Atticus asked. \"What?!\" Darla gaped at him. \"Where would I stay!?\" \"Yes, Atticus, where would she stay?\" Cherry asked, a little on the edge, it was a nice thought, but could they handle it? \"With me and my family.\" Atticus said. \"Oh, I don't know...\" Darla rubbed her arm. \"Come on, it's about time we got home anyway,\" Cherry said. \"I'm sure Mrs. Fudo and Atticus's sister maybe have some new clothes for you.\" \"Can we at least see the mansion before anything happens to it?\" Darla wondered, she had some hidden stuff there after all. \"Sure.\" Atticus said. The three of them went to the glittering mansion. Darla opened the basement door and went down the stairs. \"Help move this thing.\" Cherry and Atticus went with Darla and pushed out the chest that was inside the house, if anyone destroyed the house, they shouldn't this too. \"Hey, it looks like it'd been opened,\" Darla put her hands on her hips, looking a little cross. \"That's a little bit of our fault.\" Atticus said sheepishly. \"Sorry, but you did lock us down here, we couldn't help but notice...\" Cherry admitted. Darla sighed. \"It's fine... Well, goodbye, house... You were the perfect place for me to roam in when not posing for the newspaper, starring in a short film, or winning a youth award just for being me...\" She looked back to her mansion in all its pinkness in glory. \"I just hope whoever owns this place now will take good care of it...\" \"Well, let's get going.\" Atticus said. Cherry and Atticus got their stuff and got on the bus to take them home. Darla was joining them and was trying to ignore the bus driver's remarks about her now and she shoved up the trunk under the long seat in between her new friends, if they wanted to be her friends. \"I'm really sorry about this, Darla...\" Cherry tried to console. \"You must be emotionally crippled.\" \"You know, I never realized how lonely I was until everyone started to hate me for being a bratty kid...\" Darla sighed in depression. \"Well, you won't be alone with where we're going.\" Atticus said. \"Thanks, guys...\" Darla sounded confident now. \"I never had a real friend before...\" \"Well, we're your family now and you'll be Atticus's new sister, I don't know them very well, but I'm sure Atticus's parents will like you, even his sister.\" Cherry encouraged. \"Yeah, they're very nice and my sis is a fantastic singer.\" Atticus said. Darla smiled, then her eyes felt heavy, she started to lean over Cherry and fell asleep on the way back to their homes. Cherry let her arm out and she put it around the little girl. Three hours passed until they arrived at their home town. Cherry decided to let Atticus and Darla get to his place alone for more time for them to get to know each other better while she went to her house to see her parents after a long week away from the house. Darla held Atticus's hand as they were going to his house, wheeling the trunk behind them. \"Atticus, what if your family doesn't like me?\" \"They'll love you, of course, I'll explain everything to them so then they will understand.\" Atticus said. Darla heaved a struggled sigh. \"Okay... Looks like this is it...\" she bit her lip with her gapped teeth as she and Atticus got to the front door. They both then entered inside. Darla walked in, looking around. \"It's so ordinary looking...\" she muttered, not aware that not everyone could afford big luxuries like she could. They both then took off their shoes. \"They must be in the living room.\" Atticus said. Darla shrugged and followed him to see a couple of adults with an older girl indeed in there. She quickly hid behind Atticus as they started to notice he was back from Hollywood and wanted to know how the trip was. \"Well, it was exciting and I brought home someone that I think should be a part of our family,\" Atticus said, before looking behind him. \"Come on out and meet your new family, Darla.\" Darla poked her head out and came out to see the Fudo family face-to-face. She had a small smile and had her arms behind her back, still nervous about what Atticus's family would think of her. \"She really needs a loving family.\" Atticus said. Mrs. Fudo came over to get a closer look. \"Why, it's that adorable little girl on TV! What on Earth are you doing here?\" \"Atticus said I could come and stay...\" Darla rubbed her arm, staring at the floor. \"I got into trouble back home...\" \"What happened?\" Mr. Fudo asked, sounding a little strict, but not meaning to scare the girl. Darla saw she had no choice and it would be painful if Atticus explained for her, so she told the new family what had happened and what she had been reduced to. \"Wow, bummer...\" Atticus's sister remarked. \"So, can she be a member of our family?\" Atticus asked them. \"Well, if she can promise to be good now.\" Mr. Fudo made a compromise. \"Oh, yes, I learned my lesson, please!\" Darla was on her knees with her hands together. \"I don't have anywhere else to go! Please let me stay with you all!\" The older girl shrugged. \"It's fine with me, I always wanted a sister... Welcome to the family, I'd say, my name is Jessica.\" Darla smiled. \"Okay, Jessica...\" \"I'm Emily Fudo and this is my husband, Patrick, you can call us Mom and Dad if you want, but you will not be bossing us around or throwing an angry temper tantrum to get your way, okay, Darla?\" Mrs. Fudo added. \"I understand... I promise to be a good girl from now on.\" Darla agreed. They then had went to the orphanage and signed the adoption forms making it official. Darla had some shines of her old bratty self, but she quickly got over it and realized that she had only missed something that made her apart of who she is, she had missed her family. Not only did she get new parents and a new older sister, but she had a brother now. Darla was given new clothes by Emily and Jessica as promised and soon enough, she would be able to be enrolled into an elementary school and maybe even make some friends. She was nervous though on her first day when Emily dropped her off, but when she came back to see Atticus and Jessica again, she told them about this new friend she made on her first day of second grade named Sophia. And where they were proud of her. Darla found out what the common saying money can't buy happiness truly meant and she was very proud of herself for having Atticus help her and she never missed being a spoiled brat with treasures from the public as she had her own family to love her unconditionally and was never a spoiled princess ever again. The End ","Summary":" Cherry was having a normal morning. She was bored in her kitchen and poured a bowl of cereal as she"},{"Movie":"Cats Don't Dance","Title":"Darla's Revenge (Cats Don't Dance)","Author":"Leo the Tiger","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12150601","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Darla's Revenge: A Cats Don't Dance Fanfic Chapter 1 Darla Dimple groaned and grunted as she finished up her latest mop job. She couldn't believe it. All her fame and fortune. Gone in an instant. Gone when she opened her big mouth. She just couldn't get it out of her head. After all, that fateful night, at the debut of \"Li'l Ark Angel,\" she was the star. She was. Darla Dimple. She was the star. And yet, that obnoxiously irritating cat with the orange fur, that cat with too much ambition, that cat with the talents but not worthy to be praised, known to all simply as Danny, just had to have that big break. In the end, there he was, on top of the world, and there she was, down in the dumps, never to be in show business again, and was nothing more than just a janitor to Mammoth Pictures. \"At least it pays,\" she said to herself, \"but I'll never forgive that cat! He took away everything I had! Well, almost everything.\" (She did still have her house and her money, which surprised a lot of people, but she no longer had her enormous valet, Max, so she had to spend some of it on a new set of valets and maids, just to keep her huge pink heart-shaped mansion going. To her knowledge, she had no idea where Max was, and chances are he was still flying away on that big balloon. Who knew where he'd end up?) \"I was the star! I was! It was my night! Who put the microphone on me anyways? Revenge! I will have revenge! But how?\" She continued to ponder how to get herself back in showbiz. Meanwhile, the studio had finished filming its take on the classic musical \"The Music Man,\" with Danny in the title role as Prof. Harold Hill, and Sawyer (naturally) as the librarian. (Woolie the Mammoth, although doing a bit of acting himself, had chosen mainly to focus on music composition, and had done the score and book for this film production.) The film was set to premiere at the famous Gruman's Chinese Theater the following week; the delay came about when the workers noticed the roof damage. The employees assumed it was Darla's fault, because she had (unintentionally) confessed that she flooded the stage instead of the animals when she got tangled up in the microphone. (You can only imagine the grief L.B. and Flanigan went through when she confessed.) \"What a fun role that was do,\" Danny commented as the cast left the studio. They made their way over to a fancy restaurant L.B. and Flanigan had invited them to, and Flanigan was having to get used to adjusting himself to directing the animals instead of Darla. \"That may be my favorite one yet.\" \"I figured you'd like that one,\" said L.B. \"It suits you. Tell me something, though. What happened exactly?\" \"About Darla flooding the stage?\" \"Yes. That cost me a fortune to repair everything. I took it out of Darla's big salary, though; if she's making any money on top of her janitorial duties, it's royalties from the films.\" \"As far as I know, it could only have been her. I had wanted to get an audition with you so we could prove that animals have just as big the talent and potential as humans. Yet humans always got the good parts. Next thing I knew, the ark was moving. It wasn't supposed to. It was just supposed to be a special effect for our performance. She must have chosen to turn the thing on full blast.\" \"She must have, because I was giving a press conference. What got you to get use of it, anyway?\" (The group was now riding with L.B. in his limo.) \"She invited me to tea, and said she wanted to apologize for what Max did to me that first day of filming Li'l Ark Angel , because there was the incident where I upstaged her.\" \"Oh, yes; you went off-script. I watched the replay of that during the editing. Of course, I can see why you did that now.\" \"Uh-huh.\" \"So what did she say after she apologized?\" \"She wanted to make it up to me and the other animals. She decided we should do a number in her movie. She gave me full use of the ark, sound stage, and anything else.\" \"Well, I knew there was something going on, because in the press conference, I was laying out the recipe for a Darla Dimple movie. After listing all the things that go into it, I said, 'Mix it all together, and what do you get?' Then I pressed the green button, the doors opened up, and the flood began. And when it finally ended, Flanigan and I proclaimed you animals would never get work in this town again. Boy, was I wrong. How was I supposed to know Darla was as evil and psychotic as could be?\" \"How could anybody know? She covered it up so well,\" said Cranston. \"After nothing but her, you had to be starving for a new star or two.\" L.B. nodded. \"So my plan B,\" Danny continued, \"was what you ended up witnessing at the theater. I didn't learn until afterwards that Darla had been sabotaging the equipment, or at least trying to, but she only made it better, so we went along with it.\" \"Had me fooled; I thought it was genuine.\" \"Then suddenly, as we got our standing ovation, there she was, all tangled up in the equipment, and she must have had a microphone stuck to her, because she screamed at us, saying she should have drowned us all when she flooded the stage.\" \"I couldn't believe my ears,\" Flanigan put in as the group arrived at the restaurant. \"I thought my career was over.\" \"So did I,\" L.B. added. \"But it wasn't. In fact, it's practically tripled the revenue my studios have been bringing in ever since that performance. You kids are something else, you know that?\" \"Thank you.\" As everybody walked inside to eat, they couldn't help but think to themselves that these were better days. Danny also pondered just how different life would be if he had just gone back to his hometown of Kokomo, Indian. Instead, he and his friends were big stars. L.B. would later reveal that the cat with the talent was bound to have a recording contract coming, because he loved to sing as well dance. (It was also possible Sawyer would get one of her own, because she could also sing so beautifully. As it happens, she was still doing secretary work for Farley Wink, but she was abruptly having to adjust her schedule to her other career in the showbiz world. After all, Danny said to her, \"Your life isn't back there in that office. It's here.\") Cranston and Frances were big stars in their own right, having been established dance partners long before Hollywood began shunning them in favor of humans. T.W. was getting his own career going, although he wasn't singing as much as Danny. Tillie probably had the least amount of films with her in the title role, but she didn't care. She saw all the brighter things in life. The group continued to talk over their meal, and it all became clear to everybody. It only made sense that it was Darla's doing, because she wanted all the fame and fortune to herself, and she supported the Hollywood mindset that humans were superior to animals. L.B. then stated he regretted not knowing the reasoning or the history behind that mentality, but that was the way life was. Everybody was also happy that they had finished \"The Music Man\" just in time, because very soon, World War II (or WW2 for short to some people) was to break out, and the studios would be forced to put a few projects on hiatus in favor patriotic short training films (one of which would feature Danny conducting the U.S. Marine Corps Band). All the while, it wasn't going to stop Darla from what schemes she was plotting. After all, she was the star, and she wanted her fame back. She'd do anything to get it. She just wasn't sure what. Only one thing was for sure: she was on her own, for Max had long gone since Danny popped the balloon. TO BE CONTINUED[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 The next day was anything but good for the animals and their boss. WW2 had broken out, as a result of the Germans invading Poland. It didn't help that Japan had already been at war, invading the People's Republic of China, but the conflict was now at a global scale. What did this mean to Mammoth Pictures? The studios wouldn't be doing enough films a year to meet their normal budget expections. They'd be forced to fit to rationing conditions. They'd be doing a lot more short films to promote the attitudes and propagandas of the war, and the fact Danny would appear as a drum major conducting the U.S. Marine Corps Band would help with that. Danny, however, returned to his hometown of Kokomo, Indiana, since he was both on vacation and doing the film production company a favor by promoting \"The Music Man,\" by serving as an actual drum major leading such a band. Sawyer and the other animals just watched as spectators. Kokomo had never had such a big celebration as it did that day, because the pride of the city was now Hollywood's biggest star. Bigger than Joan Crawford, Cary Grant, or even W.C. Fields. \"And to think it was once Darla Dimple,\" Danny said in a speech he gave on a Presidential-style podium after the parade, which the press put in the newspaper for the next day's edition. \"I was thrilled to star in a movie with her. Of course, that was before I knew the real her. I'm impressed I wasn't hurt when Darla's huge valet, Max, smashed me into the floor. It also didn't occur to me until too late that the truth about Hollywood was that it was showing favoritism to humans. I wasn't happy that the animals were accepting the human supremacy. I almost even called it quits and came back here just for the simple farm life, or even for a factory job. But I'm so glad I didn't. Mind you I couldn't have done it without these magnificent seven over here!\" He motioned to Sawyer, Cranston, Frances, T.W., Tillie, Woolie, and Pudge, and the crowds cheered for them. The press had a few questions to ask Danny, mainly regarding how Darla flooded the studio and got him and the others framed for it. \"It was so frustrating, because it wasn't their fault,\" he replied. \"They weren't going to get even a simple meow, woof, growl, or whatever animals do.\" \"So how did they find out she did it?\" \"She said so. Remember, she was actually trying to sabotage the show, which has now been considered the greatest impromptu performance in history. Why? Because 1) we can actually sing and dance, and 2) her attempts to sabotage it made it better. She must have gone through a trap door, because she emerged with a microphone attached to her head. She screamed that she should have drowned us all when she flooded the stage, and the microphone picked up the comment. She has never been in a movie ever since.\" \"What was your first movie since then, if this wasn't it?\" \"This was it.\" \"Oh, sorry.\" \"And what stage was it?\" \"Stage 13. Talk about unlucky.\" Meanwhile, the navies of the world that were fighting the war had reported sights of a huge splashdown, and were complaining about hearing a series of groans and calling for Darla Dimple. That could only have meant one thing: the runaway balloon had run out of helium, and Max was trying to find land. Of course, he had no knowledge of the fact Darla was now nothing but a grumpy janitor. As a result, he was determined to get his own back on the animals. He just wasn't sure how to do it. Nobody knew about Max, so he just decided to play it safe and stay out of sight. It was a good thing he could swim. (Also, he himself decided to get rid of Danny and Pudge right before the performance, which almost led him to miss it.) Darla got the news about Max splashing down, and she determined it was him. She continued to plot her big scheme, but at the same time she was worried, because she had replaced him with normal human-sized maids and butlers. How was he going to react? Would his own plan to get revenge on her and the animals conflict with what she had in mind? And what's more, how would she effectively break the news to him that she was nothing more than just a janitor? Not to mention, she had a big debt to pay off, because she was allowed to keep her mansion. (It spawned a number of protests, by the way, all of which wanted her to be stripped of everything. Instead, she still had her mansion, and she still had her handprints in concrete at Gruman's Chinese Theater. Soon, the animals would have their handprints in concrete, save for Pudge, who elected to decline.) Danny and his pals didn't hear about the splashdown until they returned to Hollywood. \"You don't think that was Max, do you, Danny?\" Pudge asked nervously. \"Could be,\" said Danny. \"Who else could make such a big splash? And he wasn't even doing a circus act.\" He began to scat the melody and rhythms to \"Entry of the Gladiators.\" And rightfully so, since one of what was though to be his idiosyncracies became one of his most beloved trademarks. (His favorite one to scat was \"The Stars and Stripes Forever.\") When he finished, he continued, \"One thing is for certain. If he comes back, he'll want his revenge.\" \"What would we do?\" \"I don't know, but surely we'll think of something.\" \"I hope so.\" Sawyer discussed the same thing with Farley Wink as she returned to what was now just a part-time job for the animal agent. \"I don't know, Farley,\" she said when he asked if it was Max, \"but I wouldn't be surprised. All I know is that it prevented enemy gunfire, because war's broke out. As if we didn't have enough of those, but still, it's frustrating.\" \"I know, right? Adolf Hitler's not the first one to conquer the world. Maybe they'll make a movie about him and make him really stupid.\" \"At the risk of getting killed by him, yes.\" Sawyer sat back down and continued to type. Farley walked back into his office and began answering more phone calls. All the while, it was just a matter of time before Darla would hatch her scheme. TO BE CONTINUED[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 About three weeks later, while Danny was facing problems with being typecast as a drum major (upon discovering he had the natural abilites to lead a band), Max had finally managed to swim undetected and make it back to Hollywood. All he could do was walk around, looking for Darla. He groaned at the sounds of the music he heard, because he still believed that Darla was still the star she deserved to be. When people caught sight of him, however, they ran and fled for their lives screaming. All they could do was hide, given the circumstances. Finally, Max had made it back to Darla's mansion. He looked inside, and saw Darla sitting here, but when he caught sight of the other maids and servants, he burst the door open, leading them to scream and hide. \"Max?\" she shrieked. \"What are you doing here?\" \"YOU DARE REPLACE ME, MISS DIMPLE?!\" he bellowed. \"No, no! You don't understand!\" she argued, trying to cover the truth with a lie. \"They're just temporary!\" Max let out a groan, and then picked her up, scaring her for once. \"HOW DOES THE PRINCESS GO?\" he said. \"Uh, Max?\" Darla began, trying to reason with him. He misinterpreted her repsonse, and so he replied, \"VERY GOOD!\" He then pushed her out from under his thumb, and she tumbled to the ground, much like she did when she told Flanigan to lower her after she called for a cut, when Danny upstaged her. The other maids and servants rushed to help her back up, and she soon devolped a splitting headache. Eventually they all managed to talk some sense into the huge valet, and he listened attentively. He continued to moan and groan all throughout the story that was news to him, and when she got to the part where she revealed she was now nothing but a janitor, it continued to anger him to the point of no return. He still held a grudge on Darla for allegedly replacing her with the others, but in the end, they compromised, and Max got his job back but was held back so the others could do their jobs. After all, it was a big mansion, and since Darla was allowed to collect royalties for all the films she had starred in prior to her accidental confession, she had enough money to keep the house going, and enough to pay everybody. Later, when the other servants and maids had gone, Darla consulted with Max privately. \"Yes,\" she confirmed. \"I do still want my movie career back. I was the star, after all. It was my night. And yes, I should have drowned them all when I flooded the stage. And yet, because the microphone picked my voice up, there I was, having confessed the truth about the flooding, and the next thing I knew, I fell through a trapdoor. One of those animals must have done it. Then I called for you, not knowing where you were.\" \"IN FRANCE, MISS DIMPLE!\" \"France?\" \"YES. IT WAS THAT CAT! JUST LISTEN TO THIS!\" Max turned on the radio, which picked up an interview with Danny. The press just couldn't get enough of him and his role as Prof. Harold Hill. And why wouldn't they? \"That was Max who must have made the splashdown,\" he said, \"because the last time I saw him was on the roof of the theater. He's loyal to Darla, so he must have heard us setting up for the performance we planned to do. It was impromptu, of course, the performance. But when he showed up backstage, which has to prove he's got super-hearing, or something, he decided to go on his own, without any prompting. So he punched all the holes in the roof that the people have been spending weeks to repair, just to grab me if not kill me. Eventually I tried to escape on the big Darla balloon, which he eventually climbed on, and he chased me back to the theater.\" \"Then what happened?\" \"He laughed as he prepared to put an end to me, but then he felt the balloon touching one of the pointy points of the roof. I asked him what he asked me when he interrupted the filming of Li'l Ark Angel , which were, 'How does the kitty cat go?' He said, 'Meow?' I said, 'Very good.' Then I pulled the rope, popped the balloon, and off he went. Then we could go do our show, and you know the rest.\" \"Indeed.\" By that point, Max turned off the radio. Darla continued to ponder over what to sabotage or ruin next in a last-ditch effort to get her stardom back, but she decided it was better to just rest that day, and so she did. She did, however, make a phone call like she did before, and as before, the people on the other end were ignorant towards the fact she was plotting a scheme. \"Publicity department,\" the operator began. \"Is L.B.'s next big press conference over the animals still Thursday at 3:00 p.m.?\" \"Yes, it is, Miss Dimple.\" \"Oh, thank you so much!\" She hung up and smiled that evil smile of hers. Meanwhile, after the press finished talking to Danny to put the story in the paper, the cat walked on home, whistling to himself, and singing the lyrics to the song \"I Want a Girl (Just Like the Girl that Married Dear Old Dad).\" He also gave himself an idea for what was to be expected, because he was not only involved in acting, but in singing. Specifically, he and the musicians that would accompany him and Sawyer (one being Woolie on piano, with T.W. also making contributions on other instruments) was a mix of jazz, old-school vaudeville songs, and even marching songs with lyrics (and the marching songs were because WW2 was going on, and morale needed boosted). And having just done \"The Music Man,\" some of those numbers would naturally be included in these recordings. In instrumental recordings, he'd play the trumpet (since he could play it), whereas Sawyer just sang. Many things were happening not just in Hollywood, but in all of America at this time. It was just a question of what happened when, and what was to come later on. TO BE CONTINUED[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 The next day was the first of several recording sessions of Danny and Sawyer as jazz vocalists and performers. The difference was that Sawyer only sang. It happened in the afternoon, since the morning had seen the animals film a patriotic training short film, and rightfully so; it was WW2, after all. L.B. Mammoth was just grateful he didn't have to put the whole studio on hiatus, at least not until the first U.S.O. gig. Danny could also play the trumpet, whereas Woolie contributed on piano, and T.W. did a few auxiliary percussion instruments to add to the effect. As for the other animals, Cranston had taught himself to play the clarinet, but Frances and Tillie did not. Of course, Pudge played the saxophone. There were more vocals in the music than there were instrumental tracks on this first album, simply titled \"Danny & Friends\" after what was to be the groups name. (Alternatively, the band thought about calling themselves \"Danny the Song & Dance Cat and His Orchestra,\" with Sawyer just as the featured vocalist, since many big band numbers had a woman sing it more so than a man sing it, as far as one knew.) Overall, it went well, even with the few re-takes. Anything that was improvised was accepted on the first go. Otherwise, some tunes required multiple takes, including partial takes. The producers also had to promise the animals they wouldn't show any bias involved, considering Hollywood was once cruel to animals and always gave humans the better parts. (Not even L.B. figured out where that started, but he just went with the mindset. That was why the secret of his success was \"Simple; it's Dimple!\" But when the animals had put on a great performance, even he and Flanigan were applauding.) But that night wasn't a night to remember, not just because there weren't any films to show or performances to give. It was a night to be frightened. Sawyer couldn't believe it as soon as she stepped into her house. \"What the...?!\" she exclaimed. \"My house! It's been ransacked! Help! I'm calling the police, and then I'm calling Danny! He'll know what to do!\" The cops arrived with Danny later that night. \"What happened here?\" he asked Sawyer. \"I don't know,\" she replied, all upset. \"All I know is that I came home and my house was a mess. The cabinets are broke; all my dishes have been cracked, and my dishwasher's flooding the kitchen!\" \"Was there anything that got stolen?\" asked the cops. \"And why is there a hole in the roof?\" \"As far as I can tell, nothing has been stolen, officers. It's just all broken, and it's going to cost me a fortune to get all of it replaced. Good thing I have insurance.\" \"Yes.\" After some more investigations, the police confirmed that nothing was stolen, but everything was broken. Later red alerts revealed that the same thing happened to all the animals except Danny, who still hadn't bought a house with his payday yet, considering he hadn't been in Hollywood all that long, and was still in his hotel room. Woolie's home also wasn't damaged at all, because it was that home located inside the studio. (After the revelation that the flooding was Darla's doings, the ban was lifted, and Woolie's home was replaced, brand new, at no cost to him.) The only one that didn't seem to mind the flooding was Frances; after all, she was a fish. She was, however, upset with the hole in the roof and all the stuff that was broken. \"Oh, sorry about that,\" she said when the flooding got to the officers when they checked her house. \"It's the dishwasher. My other washing machine also flooded to the brim.\" \"That's apparently happened to you and all your friends, except the mammoth,\" the police replied. \"This is a whole crime wave.\" The investigation's continued, and Danny commented that he had a hunch as to who was behind it. Meanwhile, Darla and Max laughed their evil laughs all night long. TO BE CONTINUED Cats Don't Dance © Warner Bros., Turner Feature Animation, and everybody else who owns the rights[Chapter 5] Chapter 5 \"You don't suppose that was Darla, do you, Danny?\" Pudge asked Danny when the cat came by to see his best friend after the penguin's house was totaled. \"Who else could it be?\" Danny replied, shrugging his shoulders. \"Why else do you think she would sabotage us?\" \"Because she wants to drown us?\" \"She said that the night of the Li'l Ark Angel premiere. She was the star of the movie, yes, but all I wanted was for Hollywood to understand that animals have star quality just as humans do. Neither one should be superior to the other one.\" \"Then what do you think it is?\" \"I could be wrong, but I think it may be because she wants to put us out of business so she can get back into show biz. But the public doesn't trust her anymore. Not after she confessed that she flooded the stage. It was her. Believe me.\" \"How come she didn't get you?\" \"I don't have a house here yet. I'm still in the hotel room I am renting.\" \"Oh.\" The two got to work on cleaning some of the rubbish up, and then hired a service that would do the rest of the damage repair, of which Danny would later recommend to his other friends (except Woolie, who had already had his house replaced by means of reparing the studio; although he still was the mascot, he was earning extra writing the music as well as directing it). Danny also made sure L.B. Mammoth and Flanigan knew about the ransacking, whether or not it actually was Darla and Max's doing. But what it guaranteed (alongisde the perils of WW2) was that the animals wouldn't have any work for a while. None of them complained, however, because the difference between this and the day Darla flooded the studio was that at that time, nobody knew it was her, and so the animals felt they weren't even going to get a simple \"meow,\" \"woof,\" or whatever. This time, everybody knew Darla's dark side, so the big executives of Hollywood wouldn't want to hire her even after she turned over a new leaf, if she was ever to turn over a new leaf. (Chances are, the experts said, that if she were, she'd give up being in showbiz and go to do something else.) Taking advantage of not been able to do any acting, the animals continued their music recording careers, and even began to tour locally in various clubs. Each club decided to hire extra security in order to ensure Darla wasn't going to get inside. Each club featured the big band and a few small combos, each of which had Sawyer sing, and had Danny sing and/or play the trumpet. As mentioned before, it featured Pudge on saxophone, and occasionally Cranston on clarinet. A random lion that would have been alongside Danny had the ark performance gone as planned instead of Darla flooding it, and was the lion that Danny originally interrupted in order to get more limelight time in, played the drums. Darla, meanwhile, wasn't in the mood to go to any of these clubs and ruin the shows, because she was still gloating over the animals' homes being totaled. \"Laughable, isn't it, Max?\" she grinned with an evil grin. \"Anything they earn now will go towards reparing their homes! And I can come out way ahead of them! I'll be back in the movies in no time!\" Both continued to laugh the whole night through. All the while, Max still held a grudge on the ones who allegedly had replaced him according to his wrong instincts, and secretly wanted to get rid of them. But that was to be put on hold, given he was loyal to Darla's main ambition of getting her back in the spotlight, and getting the animals (or at least Danny) out of it. TO BE CONTINUED Cats Don't Dance © Warner Bros., Turner Feature Animation, and everybody else who owns the rights[Chapter 6] Chapter 6 The next day, the insurance companies is association with the animals' acting and singing careers announced that the animals themselves didn't have to pay a penny out of pocket for replacement of their homes and/or posessions. Darla overheard this while working on her janitorial duties. To her surprise, she also heard that her movies were still as popular as ever, even though she had been exposed as a fraud when she confessed that she flooded the stage. The difference was that while she'd continue to profit off her movies, she just wasn't going to star in any more of them. Still, she wanted her real job back. \"How'd that happen?\" she said to herself. \"That's good that my films are still popular, but there's more just waiting to be made. And they should star me, not that stupid cat! I'll never forgive him!\" All together, since her unplanned early retirement, she had clocked up another $4 million (net worth), but that wasn't satisfying to her. She always wanted more. More movies. More money. More stardom. More of everything. She just seemed to get greedier and greedier by the minute. Darla had another problem, however. Because she had ransacked the animals' homes with the help of her enormous valet, she had the police hunting her down, and the press was siding with the police (a true rarity in journalism, because the press, as everybody knows, villifies the police to the point of no return). People even placed bets as to how long it would take the police to arrest her and have her tried as an adult. Of course, Max would break her out of jail easily, assuming the jail had prison guards too stupid to keep her contained. With Darla's infamy, it wasn't very likely. The animals discussed this at a nearby diner, where they drank coffee along with their breakfast meals (although Frances had water with hers). \"How do we prove it was Darla?\" Pudge asked. \"I don't know,\" said Sawyer. \"Nobody saw her do it if it was her. All I know is that I left my home all in one piece, and when I came back, it was in pieces. I do believe the police are doing some finger printing.\" \"And then there's that big, dumb Max,\" Pudge continued. \"I was going to slug him for you, Danny, on that first day of filming, but I didn't want to hurt the guy.\" \"Yeah; if I didn't know better, or if I did know better, I'd say it was Max who actually destroyed our homes,\" Danny replied. The group then paused for a second, and then all had a flash of insight. \"Hey!\" they all exclaimed in unison. \"That's it! It was Max!\" \"So the charges would go on him instead of Darla, right?\" Tillie chimed in. \"I think so,\" said Sawyer, \"but he does what Darla tells him to, so she's still guilty, one way or another.\" The next day, the police reported that all finger prints found on various things, as well as other investigative journalism and detective work, confirmed that it was Max's doing, but since he was acting on Darla's behalf, it only complicated things for the girl formerly known as \"America's sweetheart, lover of children and animals.\" In truth, she loved children, but hated animals. The police had not caught Max, however, because he had gone into hiding (at Darla's insisting), and all the while, he still wanted to get rid of her other servants and maids so he could be her sole valet. \"I can't afford to do that, Max,\" she sobbed. \"Remember, I'm only a janitor now.\" \"WHATEVER, MISS DIMPLE!\" Max snorted. \"I WON'T HAVE IT!\" \"You have to have it!\" \"I WON'T!\" He stomped off, and soon he was his own villain. Yes. You guessed it. He destroyed the homes of the maids and servants. He even destroyed her palace! When they reported this to Darla the next day, she continued to sob her eyes out. Her plan was kaput, all by the means of her own valet. At that point, she lost it, so she called the animals to her mansion the next day. \"Whoa!\" Pudge exlcaimed. \"Your home is a mess!\" \"Yes!\" Darla cried. \"Yes! It's all over now! My life is through! All I wanted was to be the star again! Now I am bankrupt, and just being a janitor won't pay for this! Not to mention, they were victims as well.\" \"Harsh,\" Danny exclaimed. \"Tell us, though. \"Was it your idea to sabotage us?\" \"It was, but Max took it too far. I wanted him to damage your homes, but he destroyed them entirely. Tell me something, though. How come he didn't get you, Dino?\" \"It's Danny,\" Danny replied. \"Oh, yeah. Danny.\" \"I don't have a home. I've only been in a hotel room.\" \"Oh.\" \"He hasn't got to that yet as far as I know. But if we don't find a way to stop him, he'll possibly destroy all of Hollywood. Listen, Miss Dimple; I'm sorry if I upset you on that first day of Li'l Ark Angel , but at the time, I had no idea Hollywood was showing the humans favoritism. All I wanted was to prove that animals have talent. I guess I took it too far.\" \"You did, but looking back at it now, I can see why you did that.\" Darla contined to sob the tears as she, for the first time, was able to make an effective apology. She gave hugs to each of the animals. Then she asked if she could have a good scream, and they said yes. She walked outside, and she let out a big scream. Max continued to groan and grunt as he continued his rampage of various houses. He even destroyed L.B. Mammoth's home, and Flanigan was homeless as well. He just ignored the remark, for he knew what was coming, but from 50 miles away, he could hear Darla letting out her big scream. \"MAX!\" she bellowed at full volume. \"YOU'RE FIRED!\" TO BE CONTINUED Cats Don't Dance © Warner Bros., Turner Feature Animation, and everybody else who owns the rights[Chapter 7] Chapter 7 Now it was getting even more complicated. How were Darla's films still so popular, even though absolutely nobody in show biz wanted her to come back? What snapped Max into going beyond what the girl he served told him to do? She told him to damage the homes, not destroy them. They were ransacked. The only ones that escaped were Danny, because he had no home yet, and Woolie, because his had already been replaced and was still inside the studio. In fact, because Max was rampaging to destroy Mammoth Studios in his quest to destroy all of Hollywood, and for absolutely no reason whatsoever, the studio postponed any future picture filming dates so that they could help relocate Woolie's home to a safe spot (although just temporarily). At a press conference, with tears in her eyes, and airing live from the jail cell she was in (at least until the trial), and she was in jail because she was accused of destroying all the houses at first, Darla spoke to the people about everything, complete with a podium with microphones. \"This is what fame and fortune does to you, people,\" she said, \"but the whole fault is my own, or so I felt. I wanted to be the star again, and I wanted the animals out of my way. But just to clarify, all I told Max to do was cause damage to their homes, not to destroy them. And I didn't see him do it. I knew he did it, because I could hear him. In fact, I think the whole world heard him, even with this crazy war going on. Greed overtook me because I let it, and now, I have thrown my whole life away. \"You weren't specific?\" asked the press. \"No, I guess not. But listen to this. It is true that I told Max to damage the homes, but wasn't specific, but it's also true, as you well know, that Max came to the assumption that I fired him in place of those other servants and maids, but I didn't know he was coming back. I didn't officially fire him until he destroyed my huge pink mansion, and this was after he destroyed the homes of the other servants and maids. The good news is that not a single innocent life was hurt yet. The bad news is that this is going to cost us an arm and a leg times 2,000 just to replace everything. Now I'm here in jail, awaiting the trial to determine where exactly I fit in, because some say it was entirely my scheme to get rid of the animals, which is not true; I just wanted them out of the way so I could be the star again. That night was my night, after all. Li'l Ark Angel was my last movie. And yes, I did try to sabotage the show the animals put on, but all it did was make it better, as well as cause me injury. I don't know where that microphone came from, but because it was there, you all heard me tell them that I flooded the stage. I flooded it indirectly; I gave Max instructions, and he did all the work, because he has all the physical strength I lack.\" \"So what turned Max against you, then?\" \"Again, it goes back to him spotting the other servants and maids. I tried to talk him out of it, but he wouldn't listen to me. Eventually we got him to listen to us, and I thought he was genuine. Nope; he was acting. Ironic, isn't it? Now he's out there causing chaos, and there's no army to stop him because the war is happening. Or is there? Whatever has to be done, we have to stop him. But the rest of the destruction? That's entirely his doing. There's no reason he's doing it. He just decided to do it.\" \"Will he ever be your valet again?\" \"Never. I'm through with him. I'm not done with this town, but I'm done with Max.\" Indeed, the California National Guard had been called out to stop Max on his rampage of terror, but wasn't having any luck. While the rest of the animals took cover, Danny sneaked out to try to stop Max. \"Are you nuts?\" Sawyer exclaimed. \"No, I'm Danny!\" Danny smiled, cracking a joke. A grizzly bear listening in scatted the traditional drum response to a joke. \"Where's he going?\" Pudge asked as he ran off. \"I don't know,\" said Sawyer, \"but knowing the way he jump-started all our careers, I wouldn't be surprised, whatever he does.\" By now, half of Hollywood was in rubbish, almost making it look like a tornado came through and hit the city. It was causing many of its biggest celebrities to relocate to New York City, assuming Max wasn't going to go there. He wasn't; he was just destroying Hollywood and the entertainment industry. The quick-thinking cat figured to himself, however, that the best way to defeat Max was for one of his tactics to be put to good use. An upcoming film was to star the celebrated feline as a circus ringmaster, so he decided that since Alcatraz Island wanted Max (and they had set up a special solitary island prison cell just for him, designed to prevent him from ever escaping), he might as well get there in the circus style. Max's ears heard the whistling from Danny's drum major whistle he used to play Prof. Harold Hill (and Danny was wearing his drum major's uniform for this). Naturally, he followed Danny, wanting to smash him to bits. But what Max didn't know was that Danny was luring him into a trap. He only realized it was a trap when it was too late; this occured when he gasped over smashing a rubber ducky while standing on top of a net. \"Where'd he get the net?\" asked Pudge. \"Who knows, darling?\" Frances replied. \"Who knows anything? This makes no more sense than my first husband.\" \"I guess it's one of life's unsolved mysteries,\" Cranston chimed in. \"Best to leave it at that. Besides, now that I've come to trust the cat, I'm certain he knows what he's doing. And to think I used to be so skeptical of him.\" Max bent down to grab Danny, laughing an evil laugh all the way. When he saw the net, however, he began to cringe. As before, Danny asked him, \"How does the kitty cat go?\" \"Meow?\" Max said weakly, again sweating bullets as he did before. \"Very good!\" Danny pulled on the net, and it engulfed Max inside. Then the soldiers sent to stop him helped Danny push him into a huge giant cannon. They set it up so that it would aim Max right for the cell, and the scene was not only attracting the public, but the press as well. Multiple military bands even launched into the traditional circus tune, \"March of the Gladiators.\" When it was all done, Danny called the audience's attention with his whistle. \"Ladies and gentlemen,\" he said with the true ringmaster style, \"now direct your attention to the center ring! You are about to see the Great Maxoni perform the world's biggest human cannonball!\" The trumpeters played a fanfare, and the drummers began a very tense drum roll that crescendoed to an almost deafening tone. The onlookers were also given protection for their ears in advance, considering the large \"BOOM!\" that was about to sound from the cannon. Danny himself lit the match and lit the fuse that was to fire the cannon. Because Darla had been let of jail temporarily so she could watch this, she said to herself, \"Oh! Good riddance! Now I can get back to my rehabilitation in peace, although I still want to go back into show biz. But the animals have won this day yet again. Oh, well. I'll be back! But not now. Bye-bye, Max!\" She smiled her own evil smile as the fuse continued burning. Max, however, being who he was, and having gone insane, assumed Darla was the one who arranged all this as payback for him destroying her house, and his destruction rampage was revenge on her for firing him after he destroyed her house, because he was loyal to none but himself and her, assuming he would be her only valet. Thus, when the big moment came, and the big \"BOOM!\" occured that shot him out of the cannon, he bellowed, \"YOU'LL PAY FOR THIS, MISS DIMPLE!\" And yes, as Danny was hoping for, he landed right in the very cell that was prepared for him. The crowds knew it was a success because there was no splash, so the bands performed a cymbal crash and a \"Ta-da!\" trumpet fanfare as the crowds cheered. Darla spoke some more after that to continue her press conference. \"As you can see,\" she concluded, \"we both wanted revenge. I had a reason, though; he didn't. We both failed. After all, revenge doesn't pay, just as crime doesn't. Where the whole thing about Hollywood making animals inferior to humans started, you ask? I don't know. I just accepted it, and I was your typical spoiled brat about it. Yet none of you knew my dark side until I confess I flooded the stage, although now you know that Max did as I told him to. I still accept repsonsibility for it, and the punishment of kicking me out of show business and reducing me to a janitor was a justified one. But Max is gone now.\" The animals ran to congratulate Danny. \"Why?\" Sawyer asked, still stunned by everything. \"Why'd you have to do it that way?\" \"I knew he couldn't resist me,\" Danny replied. \"He's still stuck in the mentality of how life was before Darla was exposed as a fraud. He wants to eradicate animals. Well, he did. He can't get out of that prison cell now. It's wound up and locked up tighter than a drum. I just don't have the proper ringmaster's clothes yet, so I wore this instead.\" \"Is this also a teaser for that upcoming movie?\" Woolie asked. \"It is; why?\" \"Now I know what music to write for it. It's so much fun, writing music!\" \"Not to mention performing it!\" \"Indeed.\" The bands struck up tunes to boost the morale of the people, and to celebrate their victory over Max, and the ingenious insticts of Hollywood's favorite cat. That night, the public was treated to some more jazz. But one question still remained: what was to become of Darla? TO BE CONTINUED Cats Don't Dance © Warner Bros., Turner Feature Animation, and everybody else who owns the rights.[Chapter 8] Chapter 8 The next day, the trial began. Danny and the other animals did have to testify against Darla, but at the same time, the judge and the jury were confused on how to rule this trial. After all of them solemnly swore on the Bible that they would tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, the judge found and determined that everything he heard was the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. Darla's ambition was to push the animals out of the way so she could get back into showbiz, but she had lost the urge to murder anybody. At the time she flooded the stage, she just wanted them all fired so she could be the star all the time; she only said she wished she had drowned them when her screaming was picked up into the microphone. In his testimony, Danny remarked, \"It was all culture shock to me. I might have been better off on that first time if I had just done what I was supposed to, but I was naive and ambitious. And I wasn't happy, nor was I willing to accept the truth that humans were superiors to animals in Hollywood. I'm amazed many of them stuck it out and just went with the propaganda. I wanted to change that. I wanted the public to accept us animals, because we have the talent, too. So why did you humans ignore us? Why did you treat us like dirt? Where did that start? We may not know the answers to some of these questions, as much as I wish we did, but one thing's for sure. You have to be optimistic, not pessimissitc.\" \"Have you finished your rehab yet, Darla?\" the judge asked. \"Not entirely, because there's still a few days to go,\" Darla replied, \"but the urge to do evil is gone. It was all the bad dreams I had following the scene where Max destroyed my house that convinced me that life in the spotlight wasn't worth it anymore. All I can say is that I'm sorry! There's a reason I have been reduced to a janitor. All I wanted was to be the star again. But being the star all the time isn't healthy. The 99.99% of people who are not famous and never will be famous have it so good. They don't know how good they have it! They don't have the press following them around everywhere like I did, and like the animals do now. Is it a wonder, therefore, that the ordinary people can have a marriage that lasts 50+ years, while the celebrities like myself don't last even one year, or even one month? I'm amazed everybody let me keep the big mansion, to be honest, and it's taking a lot of people just to keep it going.\" \"If I have to have my studio pay for some of the repairs, so be it,\" L.B. Mammoth chimed in. \"I just regret not using those animals to start with, because if they have the talent humans have, they should be used to exploit it. I now have the mascot of my studio writing music for my films, and sometimes directing it if necessary. He's so good at it.\" While the jury had their long discussion, Darla said to Danny, \"You know how you said you thought about leaving Hollywood forever after I flooded the stage with Max's help? Now I'm wanting to do the same thing.\" \"Do you, Miss Dimple? Why?\" \"Well, for one thing, it's over. You defeated me.\" \"Well, here's the truth. I didn't want you to end your career like that. All I wanted was for animals to get noticed because they are just as talented. I didn't intend for humans to stop being in films altogether. When we filmed 'The Music Man,' we portrayed humans and animals living side by side in peace and harmony.\" \"Really?\" \"Yes, really. You only got fired because you flooded the stage. Had you let things go as planned, you'd still be a star. You'd just be in one movie while I'd be in another.\" \"So how come you sing as well as act?\" \"The singing is a backup. Remember, we have World War 2 going on.\" \"Oh.\" \"In fact, the Germans had to delay attacking the Polish troops because Max made that big splashdown. I didn't know where that balloon was going to end up. I just popped it to get him off my back so we could perform. We had no idea that was you doing all the special effects.\" \"Because I wanted to sabotage the show. All I did was hurt myself while it made everybody happy.\" Darla couldn't stop herself from shedding tears at this point, and all Danny could do was give her a hug, which he did. Later, the jurors returned. \"Has the jury reached a verdict?\" the judge asked. \"We have, Your Honor,\" said the head of the jury. \"We, the jury, find the defendant, Miss Darla Dimple, guilty, in terms of when she flooded the stage, because her valet was obeying her orders. However, we find her not guilty, when you speak about the destruction of Hollywood, because as we have seen, her valet took all matters all upon himself to destroy the town. She owes a fine, we determined, that would go to repairing all the homes of the animals, and the servants and maids, that Max destroyed. However, she does not have to pay for her own home's repairs.\" \"That sounds fair,\" said Darla. \"What's the fine?\" \"$200,000 is what it totals,\" said the judge after looking at the records. \"Will that work for you?\" \"It will work.\" \"Oh, and there's also 20 hours of community service to be done. Don't worry; we'll help you get started with that.\" \"Okay.\" \"Case dismissed.\" The judge banged his gavel, and the court was adjourned. Darla then approached the bench at the judge's asking, and he gave her instructions on where to go the community service, and how to do it. The next day, Darla got to work on completing the community service, while Danny and his friends continued to promote support for the efforts. From that day forth, everything went uphill for everybody. Darla began to show true signs of repentance, and made sure she kept her promise never to be a spoiled bratty princess ever again. In due time, she was to return to showbiz, but it was a gradual process, and she found more satisfaction sharing the spotlight with the animals. And when she finally got back into showbiz, the movie she starred in would turn out to be her biggest success yet. Why was it so successful? She got to be the star, but she got to share the glory with the animal stars. The musical number at the end helped make it a big success. Overall, everybody was happy. Danny the Song and Dance Cat was the biggest phenomenon in both Hollywood and in popular music, but it worked out so well since he was able to maintain a balance with the new and improved Darla Dimple. THE END Cats Don't Dance © Warner Bros., Turner Feature Animation, and everybody else who owns the rights The Music Man © Meredith Wilson and everybody else who owns the rights ","Summary":" Darla's Revenge: A Cats Don't Dance Fanfic Chapter 1 Darla Dimple groaned and grunted as she finish"},{"Movie":"Cats Don't Dance","Title":"Cats Can't Wait","Author":"MajorTomLives","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7741627","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It happened almost like clockwork. All across America, the movie houses began screening the Mammoth Pictures newsreels that arrived late Sunday afternoon. Produced weekly, the newsreels filled the gap left in the lives of people who would rather spend the afternoon at a movie house than read the paper. Studio logos appeared, followed by the shrill, yet powerful announcer's voice, narrating the title cards on screen. From New York to Chicago, Seattle to Hollywood, silver screens were lit up with the big story of the week. For many viewers, the biggest story of their lives. \"This is 'News on the March!', for the week of April 17th, 1939. Coming to you from Mammoth Studios in Hollywood, California! Friday was the gala premiere of 'Little Ark Angel' at Grauman's Chinese Theatre, staring popular child actress Darla Dimple. But attention quickly fell from the littlest starlet when a group of animals took the stage, stealing the show.\" The newsreel faded quickly from a stock photo of Darla to a group of animals, dancing on stage. Two cats, a penguin, a hippo, a turtle, a goat, a fish, and an elephant, all grinning wildly. \"Orange tabby Danny, Siamese Sawyer and the rest of their gang proved definitively that the human-centered film industry might want to give the animal kingdom a second glance. Keep on dancing, Danny!\" \"Cats Can't Wait\" In one particular movie house in Hollywood, the same orange tabby was excitedly squirming in his seat as the newsreel ended and a Dagmouse cartoon short began playing. \"News is really starting to get around, isn't it?\" Danny whispered excitedly to Pudge the penguin, seated next to him inside of a jumbo bucket of popcorn. He threw a few stray kernals in his mouth before replying. \"Sure is. You think we'll be getting more work now, Danny?\" Danny laughed. \"Are you kidding? I wouldn't be surprised if Farley Wink was up to his ears in phone calls, clamoring for us. We're celebrities!\" It was true. In the mere two days since the now infamous premiere, the collective phones of Danny and his friends had hardly stopped ringing for more than a minute. Newspapers seeking statements, agents attempting to sign them away from Farley Wink's Animal Agency, even human film stars wishing congratulations. Danny had nearly fainted the night that Gene Kelly called, and was barely able to speak from starstruck. Once the Dagmouse cartoon ended, the program had reached the beginning again. Danny leapt up from his seat, and Pudge crawled out from the bottom of the now empty popcorn bucket. Exiting the theater, Danny and Pudge stepped out onto Hollywood Boulevard just as the sun was beginning to set. As what was left of the sunlight shone on the art-deco tourist traps and boutique stores along the busy street, Danny grabbed hold of a passing trolley. Pudge, barely paying attention, held onto Danny's leg at the last minute and was swept up with the momentum of the street car. Hollywood. The streets weren't as gold as Danny had been led to believe back on the farm in Indiana, but they were still beautiful to him. He looked up, watching as theaters, hotels and stores began switching on their neon lighting for the night. As much as he had loved the stars back home, there was just something about neon text that just made Danny's fur stand on end. In the distance, he could see his current residence, the El Greco Hotel, do the same, as well as the more towering Mon Signor and Hollywood Tower Hotel. \"When are you going to find a new place, Danny?\" Pudge asked, after having grabbed onto the metal lip of the streetcar himself. Danny, still transfixed by the artificial lighting, shook his head. \"I'm not sure. I was kinda wondering about that myself.\" Danny nudged his penguin friend with his tail to get his attention, then jumped from the streetcar. Instinctively, he took his trademark boater from his head, held it out, and caught Pudge in it before setting him down. Replacing the hat on his head, Danny began to dance his way down the street. Whistling, he stopped to browse the selection of a floral cart along the street. Grabbing a bouquet of roses, he turned to the young swan standing near the cart. In his usual fashion, he was so caught up in his own ideas that he was oblivious to the somewhat shocked look on her face. \"How much for these roses?\" Danny asked, grinning. The swan bowed her head sheepishly. \"Take them. Thank you so much,\" she replied quietly. Danny shook his head. \"Now now, I can't just take these!\" he laughed. The swan just hugged him and turned away. It was now Danny's turn to stand looking shocked. \"Hey, come on!\" Pudge cried, butting into Danny's stupor, \"We're going to be late!\" Shaking his head, Danny turned to follow Pudge down the street. Stepping into the waiting room for Farley Wink's Animal Agency, Danny and Pudge found themselves in the middle of a party in progress. Ragtime piano was coming in full force from Wooly the Elephant, as the various animal actors under Wink's management danced throughout the room. Always a big hit, Tilly the Hippo pulled Wink himself out from his office to dance, however begrudgingly. T.W., a turtle, nervously shuffled back and forth, looking around in constant fear that a jubilant animal might step on him by mistake. And Francis and Cranston, fish and goat, were locked into what appeared to be both a dance and argument. \"Shows what you know, you dried up old cod!\" he shouted, laughing as he spun her around. \"Heh! I haven't seen dancing like that since my second husband went belly-up!\" she retorted. Danny laughed, doing his best to sidestep the crowd. He was grabbed by Wink, who managed to break away from Tilly long enough to spot the cat in the crowd. \"Everybody!\" he called out over the music, \"Danny's here!\" Danny felt his face begin to heat up as the room erupted into cheers. \"This cat has done the impossible! We're getting calls off the hook for animal roles like we've never seen! We've got parts for lions! We've got parts for tigers! We've got parts for bears!\" \"Oh my!\" Tilly called out, then giggled at her own joke. \"Yes, everyone, and now that the man of the hour is here, we can really get started!\" Wink then brought out a box full of party hats. Francis and Cranston exchanged a look of heavy sarcasm. Danny, managing to escape the cacophony inside, slipped out onto the catwalk. Sawyer, still dressed in her business attire, leaned against the iron balcony, looking out at the city. \"Nice night,\" Danny noted, sliding up next to her. Sawyer smirked and gave him a sideways glance. \"Why aren't you in there?\" Sawyer laughed shortly. \"Why aren't you? It's your party.\" Danny whipped the bouquet of roses out from behind his back and into Sawyer's face. She gasped lightly in surprise, taking them slowly from Danny. \"I only came because I heard this famous feline was going to be here.\" \"You're crazy, Danny.\" \"Maybe I am.\" Sawyer shook her head, smiling as she turned back to the city again. \"You know what you're doing about your living situation yet?\" Danny scratched his head. \"Still no idea. I don't know what I'll be able to afford, what with the new jobs and all.\" Sawyer took a slow breath in, held it as she closed her eyes, and then let it out slowly. She looked at the bouquet of roses in her hands, then gently put them down next to the two of them. Danny watched her closely, not sure what to make of her body language. He lost his train of thought when she turned back to look at him, and he found himself looking into her gorgeous brown eyes. \"Danny, I know you're excited about what happened at the premiere...\" Sawyer began to speak, only to be cut off. \"I still can't believe it! We're finally going to be able to live our dreams! Pudge and I were just at the movies today, and Mammoth Pictures just released a...\" \"Danny!\" Coming off a little harsher than she had hoped, Sawyer sighed again as she watched the life and energy leave Danny's face. \"What I mean to say is, maybe you should think about getting a day job. Just for right now!\" she clarified, as Danny's eyes widened. \"Just until the big roles start coming in, okay? You don't see me putting in my two weeks with Wink, do you? Give it a little time.\" Sawyer wrapped her arms around Danny's waist, and put her head into his shoulder. After a moment, she looked back up at him to see that his smile had returned in full force. \"That's my Danny,\" she said softly. The largest and grandest of the Hollywood movie studios was, without question, Mammoth Pictures. But very recently, a new studio had begun to take its own crack at the market. Wilbur Dagmouse, a cartoonist from Kansas, had come to Hollywood in order to make animated cartoons to run before the feature presentations of bigger studios. The cartoons had become an overnight sensation, featuring a cavalcade of lovable, dopey, animated animal characters. \"You see the problem, don't you?\" Dagmouse sat behind his desk, as he always did in the evening. His office, lined with cel drawings of his characters and Oscar statuettes won by his cartoons, was dimly lit. As his visitor had not been invited, he had no choice but to assume this was by design. \"I haven't the strangest idea of what you're talking about,\" he replied, attempting to mask the unease in his voice. He couldn't see who was in his office with him, but he had a sinking feeling he had heard the voice before. \"All your money and fame. Your entire studio. It's built on stupid, useless, animals. The comedy that keeps people buying your dumb cartoons comes from stupid. Useless. Animals. If, perhaps, animals began getting staring roles, being portrayed as intelligent and rational, you'd be out of a job. Worse, they'd probably vilify you as an anti-animalist. Someone in the way of animal rights. And progress.\" Dagmouse gulped. Besides his popular animal cartoons, Dagmouse was a devout believer in human progress, to the point of having some of his designers draw up plans for an entire planned community based on progress. \"What do you propose I do?\" There was a flash of curls as the short girl in front of Dagmouse turned on her heels and walked toward the door. \"Leave everything to me, Wilby. I'll let you know what I need from you later.\" The door opened and shut. Pouring milk into a cup, adorned with an image of his famous cat character, Kitten Kenny, he shook his head. \"Jiminy Cricket..\"[Chapter 2] Another morning waking up at the El Greco Hotel. Danny stretched his arms out widely, his eyes attempting to remain closed to shut out as much of the California morning sun as possible. Looking at the chrome alarm clock next to his bed, he realized he woke up earlier than he had expected to. With a smile, he shut the alarm off and quickly prepared himself for the day. He noticed a slip of paper on the floor near his hotel room door. Picking it up, he read it aloud. \"Danny, as per our current arrangement, your stay with us will end tomorrow night at 7:00pm. As we are in need of all of our rooms, we would appreciate your cooperation in a prompt and speedy checkout. -The Management.\" He whistled to himself, then set the paper down on his dresser. \"No pressure or anything...\" Looking into the mirror with a huge grin, he began to talk himself up. \"Danny! Going out to get a job! No pressure now, it's no different than singing and dancing – just put on a good show and everyone will come out smiling!\" Danny stepped out of the Mammoth Studios personnel office, his face significantly more glum than it was when he left the hotel. Taking a moment to sit down on a wooden bench outside of the building, he saw T.W. slowly walking by, opening yet another fortune cookie. \"Hey there, T.W.,\" Danny greeted him, half heartedly. T.W., startled at first, turned and walked over to Danny, sitting down next to him. \"Oh, hi Danny. Just checking my daily fortune,\" he replied, taking the small slip of paper out of the cookie. \"So you're cutting back to one a day now?\" Danny asked, almost jokingly. T.W. nodded. \"Yup! Just one a day. Unless of course it's really bad, then two. Or three if my luck is really...\" T.W. stopped, realizing Danny was drifting off into his own thoughts. \"I just don't understand it, T.W. What does a cat have to do to get a job in this town?\" T.W. didn't hear him, however. He turned to his fortune instead. \"The worst is... yet to come?\" T.W. gasped in horror. Danny watched in amazement as the turtle dashed off in a hurry to find the nearest Chinese restaurant. Danny walked up to the Brown Derby, the world famous restaurant of the stars. Outside stood a burly doorman, quick to hold his hand out in Danny's face as he tried to enter. \"Hey, no animals in the Brown Derby,\" he barked. Danny smiled, trying to remain positive. \"I'm not here to eat, I'm looking for a job!\" Danny held out his paws, attempting to put his best foot forward. The doorman first began to move forward, as if he was about to shoo Danny away like a stray. Then, in midmotion, he moved his hand up to his chin in thought. \"Actually, the boss did say something about us needed to hire a few new waiters. Can you take orders?\" \"Can I? I lived on a farm my whole life, I certainly can...\" \"Yeah, yeah, you'll do. Get an apron on and start learning the ropes, cat.\" The doorman stepped aside to allow Danny to enter. As he passed by, Danny tipped his hat, and offered a polite, \"It's Danny, thank you,\" before entering the restaurant. The doorman rolled his eyes and went back to ogling a movie billboard with Joan Crawford on it. Working at the Brown Derby wasn't difficult at all for Danny. Having been the youngest at home in Kokomo, Indiana, he had been used to running around taking orders. Waiting tables came naturally to him. Unfortunately, he had hardly considered how he'd react to being surrounded by celebrity after famous celebrity. Upon approaching Jimmy Stuart's table, Danny tripped over his own feet, spilling drinks all over the flustered actor. Later, he knocked steak sauce all over Katherine Hepburn and, in his rush to help her clean it out of her dress, ended up touching Howard Hughes' food, causing him to demand it taken away and burned. Once he had helped Charlie Chaplin find his hat, he figured the worst was over and that the day would proceed as planned. He approached a table in his section that had just been seated by the doorman, only to find none other than Wilbur Dagmouse seated at the table. \"Wow... Um, well, hello Mr. Dagmouse! It's a pleasure to see you here today!\" Danny greeted the cartoonist warmly. With a small smile, Dagmouse paged through the menu. \"Thank you, cat,\" Dagmouse addressed Danny. Danny's whiskers twitched slightly. Even before everything began to go wrong for him with other patrons of the restaurant, they always referred to him the same way. Cat. Danny normally wasn't bothered by things like that, but the amount of disrespect being shown to him, especially by people he considered his peers, was starting to get on his nerves. \"Heh heh... My name is Danny, and I'll be taking your order today,\" he smoothly redirected the conversation. Dagmouse turned to look at his waiter, and chuckled to himself. \"Danny, huh? It's so nice to see you again so soon!\" Danny opened his mouth to ask for an explanation, but Dagmouse continued talking, \"I happened to be at the Little Ark Angel premiere the other night and saw your fantastic performance.\" \"Well!\" Danny puffed up his chest a bit, \"Thank you, Mr. Dagmouse! We're excited that the world can finally begin to see what animals have to offer...\" \"So what's next for you then? Has Mammoth Pictures signed you to a three picture deal?\" Danny stuttered to a crawl. \"Um, well, no... not exactly...\" \"No?\" Dagmouse asked, taken aback. \"Well certainly there have to be offers pouring in from other studios, then? Does Cosmopolitan Studios want to sign you and your friends? Or Turn of the Century Minx?\" Danny could only shake his head. Dagmouse tutted and handed the menu to Danny. \"What a shame. You animals really could go somewhere. Speaking of, can you go get me some coffee? Cream and two sugars, if you don't mind.\" Defeated, Danny nodded and walked away. Dagmouse turned back to face the other, empty, side of the table. \"He didn't seem like that bad of a cat. What do you have against him?\" Peeking out from under the table, dressed in a hooded trenchcoat, Darla Dimple cast a dark glare at Dagmouse. \"...and don't forget to file away any ducks under the file for Stormy Weather. They're still calling for them over at Cosmopolitan.\" \"Yes, Mr. Wink, right away,\" Sawyer dutifully replied. Wink, putting on his hat and coat in front of the mirror, took a moment to straighten his eyebrows before turning back to Sawyer. \"Sawyer, this place would be a wreck without ya. I almost hope that Hollywood never calls your name just so that this place doesn't fall apart the second you leave.\" \"Wow,\" Sawyer replied, \"That was almost a compliment.\" \"Ya gotta take what you can get. See ya tomorrow,\" Wink waved as he threw open the front door and walked out. Seconds after the door slammed shut, it slowly began to open again. \"Farley, what did you forget now?\" Sawyer groaned, rolling her eyes. She turned to see not Farley Wink, but Danny standing in the doorway. Her eyes widened at the sight of him, his face crestfallen and hurt, a Brown Derby apron haphazardly tied around his waist, and the hat of a bellhop nearly falling from his head. \"Hiya, Sawyer,\" Danny quietly uttered, walking over to her desk. She watched as he slowly pulled up a wooden chair and slumped into it, his head falling onto her desk. Sawyer removed the hat from Danny's head and slowly stroked his fur. \"Danny, what happened to you?\" she asked softly, attempting to lift his chin up with her paw. \"Has it always been this bad for animals in Hollywood?\" he finally managed to spit out. He looked up at Sawyer, her compassionate eyes feeling every ounce of sadness in his broken body. She had no answer for him. \"I just don't get it. Mammoth Studios wouldn't give me a temp job, I got fired from the Brown Derby for accidentally starting a fight between W.C. Fields and the Marx Brothers, and I couldn't hold down a bellhop job for longer than an hour before I was fired. And no matter where I went, I was always called 'cat'. It didn't matter if I told them my name or not, I was just 'cat' to them.\" \"There's a reason no one believed you could do what you did, tiger,\" Sawyer explained, shaking her head. \"This town's got rules. The humans make them, we follow them. That's just the way it is. And it means we get the short end of everything.\" \"But what happened, Sawyer? What happened to us all becoming stars, like L.B. Mammoth said we would?\" Sawyer scoffed. \"It hasn't even been a week, Danny! You know how long it takes to make a movie? How long it takes to write one? Wink has been on the phone all week with the studio heads, each of which has entire screenwriting departments working on new scripts for animals. It takes time, Danny! You have to be patient!\" Danny raised his head. \"New scripts for animals?\" he asked, curious. Sawyer nodded. \"So, we can't stand on our own as actors and talent? We have to have specific scripts written for us?\" The corner of Danny's mouth was beginning to twitch slightly. Pulling Danny to his feet, Sawyer embraced the distraught cat tenderly. \"Give it time, everything will work out.\" \"But what am I going to do? I can't get a job, I'm running out of money, I have to move out of the El Greco tomorrow night...\" Sawyer sighed deeply, then tightened her hug. \"If you need a place to stay...\" she began, feeling every word slide down her spine like ice, \"...I suppose you can stay with me.\" Danny's eyes opened wide. He spun around, looking all over Sawyer's face for even the slightest hint of sarcasm. \"You mean it?\" She rolled her eyes. \"If you don't get too over excited about it,\" she clarified. \"I'm not that kind of girl, Danny.\" At first, Danny's mind reeled, attempting to come up with the perfect reassurance. But then a smirk cracked across Sawyer's mouth, and Danny was instantly reassured. \"I guess I'll go get my things?\" Danny grinned. Sawyer rolled her eyes harder and ruffled Danny's hair.[Chapter 3] Author's Note - in previous chapters, I've used fictional stand-ins for Hollywood film studios. You will notice that in this chapter, there is a real studio name listed. Since said studio went bankrupt back in the 1940s-1950s, I consider it fair game for use in the story. Alright, now that we got that out of the way, back to the cats. \"I still don't feel comfortable with this, Darla.\" Dagmouse was once again in his office, but it was clear who was now in charge. He paced back and forth around the room, while Darla sat at his desk, leaning back in his chair and putting her feet up. \"Your entire cartoon empire, Dagmouse,\" she reminded him. \"It's going to fall big if you don't take just a teensy weensy bit of my advice.\" \"But I don't even know this cat! Or anyone who would do what... you're suggesting I arrange.\" Darla smiled. \"I know a young, ambitious producer just here from New York. He's got stars in his eyes and probably doesn't know a thing about the business. We can take advantage of his good nature and use him as bait for Danny and his friends.\" \"Who?\" Darla pulled a manilla envelope from below Dagmouse's desk, placing it down flat. Dagmouse cautiously picked it up, and looked inside. A photograph headshot of a rising radio and voice acting talent. Dagmouse's brow furrowed in confusion. \"He's not a producer.\" Darla made a motion with her fingers for him to turn the photograph around. Reluctantly, he did, and found an article cut from an entertainment newspaper pasted to the back. \"He just signed a big ol' two picture deal with RKO Pictures. He's the perfect trap.\" Running his fingers across his thin moustache, Dagmouse sighed. Darla giggled menacingly. \"You win. I'll make the calls.\" \"Morning, Sawyer!\" Sawyer blinked slowly, her face scrunching up into a yawn. As her vision shifted into focus, she saw Danny in her kitchen, flipping flapjacks. The rustic, chintzy furniture hadn't been her first choices for the interior design of her home, but she had to make due with what she could afford. It obviously didn't phase Danny, though. He was already right at home, having found everything he needed to make breakfast without even waking her. Though she'd never admit it, Sawyer was impressed. Without a word, she slinked behind him to her coffee pot, and began to set her brew. \"How'd you sleep?\" Danny asked, unphased by Sawyer's lack of response. She shrugged. \"Well, I slept great! Your couch is really comfortable, you know. Hah, I guess you would know.\" He flipped the flapjacks again, their milky white color slowly turning brown. Sawyer looked at them curiously. \"I didn't know you could cook,\" she finally said, her voice significantly quieter and lower. Danny turned around. \"Are you okay? Getting sick?\" his expression fell from joy to concern quickly. Sawyer shook her head. \"Danny, it's morning. And I'm not a morning cat.\" She placed her coffee pot on the stove and turned on the burners. \"I don't understand how you can always have so much energy.\" \"Well, I always woke up early in Indiana. There was always work that had to be done, you know. And if my brothers and sisters had chores, they weren't going to let me sleep while they were working.\" Danny placed the flapjacks onto a plate and brought them over to Sawyer's dining room table. Two places were set with plates, silverware, and glasses of milk. Sawyer walked over and sat down, smirking and taking a drink from her glass of milk. \"What was living on a farm like?\" Sawyer had never thought to ask Danny about his past, although to be fair, she had only first met him a little over a week ago. In a way, this frightened her to death, someone who she had just met a week ago had slept on her couch. Part of her was screaming out in terror, but her long-dormant romanticism was now making the decisions for her. Danny swallowed a bite of flapjack after pouring syrup onto them. \"It was fun at times. Lots of wide open spaces to run around and play in, I had a lot of really great friends...\" He sighed, his face shifting emotion a bit. He let his face fall into his orange paw and stared at the table in front of him. \"My brothers thought I was crazy. They were country cats through and through. My sisters were actually the ones who I was closest too, they'd always play pretend or want to dance and sing, and I was always their partner. No other boys my age wanted to dress up and hang around girls.\" Sawyer laughed softly, watching Danny closely as he continued. \"Every week, I'd go with my sisters to the movie house in town. My dad would have to drive us, we lived pretty far out of town, so it was always an event. That's when I decided that I wanted to move away to Hollywood.\" Sawyer put her paw on Danny's and gently squeezed it. He looked up at her, smiling. The moment was broken by the telephone obnoxiously ringing behind Sawyer. Startled, her claws dug into Danny's paw as she leapt up to answer it. She realized what she had done when she turned around to see Danny clutching his paw, blowing on it. \"Oh no, Danny, I'm so- Hello? Wink, what's this... I'm going to be there in... Can't this wait? Oh. Wait, what?\" Danny, preoccupied by his paw, didn't notice the thunderstruck look on Sawyer's face. \"Oh, of course I'll tell him... T-thank you! I'll make sure he gets there right on time. Thank you, Farley. Goodbye.\" Sawyer slammed the phone down, and rushed over to look at Danny's paw. \"Don't worry about it, Sawyer!\" Danny laughed, \"I'll be fine. What was that all about?\" Sawyer looked up at Danny, attempting to speak but not quite able to get the words out. Danny brushed his uninjured paw against Sawyer's cheek, who nuzzled it affectionately. \"Danny...\" she began slowly, her voice quavering. \"Farley Wink just got a phone call from RKO Studios. I'm supposed to take you there to meet Orson Welles.\" Danny's jaw dropped. Inside a RKO soundstage, Danny passed grip after grip, busy working on a major film a few buildings over. Danny had seen busy soundstages before over at Mammoth Pictures, but this place had a completely different feel. The air tasted sweeter, the lights were brighter, and the people even seemed to be more respectful of him. Or maybe he was just viewing the studio through the lens of his own excitement. Either way, Danny found himself almost skipping to the small rehearsal room that he had been told to go to. The door, painted with the adornment 'Welles, A-113,' stood before him. He took a deep breath and knocked twice. He winced in pain slightly, only after knocking did he remember the bandages on his paw from that morning. \"Come in,\" came the familiar, sultry voice that had permanently glued Danny and his sisters to their radio set back home. He opened the door and entered the office. It wasn't very fancy, L.B. Mammoth's office was far more impressive at Mammoth Studios. Instead, there were a few pictures of Welles and his team at Mercury Radio, and a few radio and theater awards scattered about. \"You must be Danny,\" Orson Welles addressed his guest. Danny, growing dizzy at the mention of his name, could only nod. Orson laughed and stood up, walking over to Danny. \"Come now, Danny, I'm hardly someone you should be afraid of. I'm as inexperienced as you are at this point.\" \"But I've listened to you on the radio for years!\" Danny squeaked out, in disbelief that someone with a presence as commanding as Welles would dismiss his achievements. Welles laughed and walked back over to his desk, pulling a script out of a drawer. \"Radio and theater aren't the same as the pictures, Danny. I've never directed a picture, and you've never starred in a picture. So I think we're a perfect match, aren't we?\" Again, Danny could only nod. \"Have you ever read Heart of Darkness, Danny?\" \"Um, no sir, I haven't,\" Danny replied. Welles handed the script to Danny, who began to page through it slowly. \"It takes place in the African Congo, dealing with the darkness and evil that took place during the era of colonialism. And I would want you to play the lead, a steamboat captain named Charlie Marlow, who is the audience's vantage point to view this evil.\" \"Wow,\" breathed Danny. He was a fairly speedy reader, and even by just paging through the script, he could tell that it was brilliant. \"We produced the story for our radio program, and it was received tremendously. However, I always thought it would translate very well to the silver screen. I know that dark drama isn't exactly your cup of tea. As I recall, you're more of a song and dance cat.\" Danny laughed, \"Yeah, I suppose that's more what I'm known for.\" Danny's head began to rush with excitement when he realized that Orson Welles had only referred to him as a cat once, and it hadn't been in place of his actual name. \"And I think that you could do wonders in musicals, no doubt. But it's clear from what I'm reading in the trades that while your friends made a huge splash, the industry isn't ready for animal leads just yet. Someone has to make the first move. And I want it to be you and me, Danny.\" After that, everything was just a blur to Danny. He was pretty sure he signed a contract, and that he and Orson Welles had exchanged a few more pleasantries before he was shuffled off to the costume department in order to get his measurements. Then he was taken to the promotional department, and his photograph was taken from every conceivable angle. Many hands were shaken, many bulbs flashed. And as quick as everything had happened, Danny found himself boarding a streetcar and joining Sawyer in a bench seat. \"Orson Welles...\" was all Danny could say to her when she asked him about his day. She shook her head, smiling. She slowly stroked the bandages on his paw, her own little non-verbal apology for the morning. \"You did it, Danny,\" Sawyer purred, wrapping her arms around him. Without warning, Danny turned his head and pulled Sawyer into a deep kiss. Her eyes widened in shock. When the two of them broke, her face couldn't hide the growing terror within her. \"Wh-why did you do that?\" she asked him nervously. His stunned face slowly grew into a wry smile. \"I wanted to.\" Sawyer allowed her head to rest on Danny's shoulder, smiling. All the while, thinking 'Now I've done it...'[Chapter 4] Danny hardly noticed the past three months flying by. How could he? Heart of Darkness was inches away from beginning filming, and Welles had been keeping his star cat busy. Between rehearsals, character sessions, and having to act in the occasional RKO newsreel (as per his contract with the company), the time for his Hollywood adventure had finally come. One Thursday night, on the main soundstage that Heart of Darkness would be filming, Orson Welles assembled his cast and crew at the end of their working shifts. Stepping onto a soap box on the steamboat set, his towering presence brought the entire soundstage to silence without a word from him. \"Everyone, next Monday, we begin principle photography on Heart of Darkness,\" he announced, to the excitement and cheers of his crew. Excited himself, Welles grinned widely as he watched the exuberance of his fellow craftsmen. Danny shot him a smile right back, nudging his costar in the film (also a cat, at Welles' insistence) and sharing a grin with him as well. \"I must take a moment to say, thank you all. This studio has given a know-nothing radio man ultimate control over a major motion picture, unthinkable in this day and age. But, as most of you are well aware, that's not the only thing unthinkable about this film we're making. We're boasting the first ever major motion picture that places animal actors, particularly cats,\" he added, winking at Danny, \"in every lead role! This film is history in the making, my friends. And because of that, RKO has extended a special, surprise invitation to you all.\" The cast and crew looked at each other, not sure what to expect. Danny smiled wider, as Welles had let him in on the secret earlier in the week. It had taken every fiber of willpower he had to keep his mouth shut about it. \"As you may or may not be aware, RKO is the distributor of Dagmouse Animated Pictures. And, tomorrow night, will be the gala premiere of Mr. Dagmouse's, and the world's, first feature length animated film: Kitten Kenny Goes Hollywood. And as the cast and crew of the most anticipated film in RKO Pictures history, you've all been invited to the premiere!\" As to be expected, the crew exploded into excited chatter and fuss. Orson stepped down from his soap box and addressed Danny directly. \"I've been told to offer you extra tickets for your friends from Mammoth Studios,\" he said, holding out an envelope for Danny. \"I trust you'll know where to find them.\" Danny's mouth was locked in a constant grin as he accepted the envelope from Welles, who pulled his paw into a handshake. Despite having worked closely with him for several months, Danny still couldn't get over how Welles never once treated him like an animal, never ruffled his hair, or jokingly pulled his tail... Danny was always an equal to him. And it took a lot to keep him from bursting into tears every time he realized it. With the tickets in hand, Danny rushed out of the studio lot and toward the streetcar line, excited to share the news with his friends. \"A Dagmouse cartoon?\" Sawyer nearly spat saying the name. Pinky's Diner, a little dive a few blocks south of the Mammoth Studios backlot, was a usual haunt for the animal actors during lunch breaks and late night coffee runs. Danny was right to assume his friends would be here, instantly pulling up a chair next to Sawyer. Wooly was attempting to introduce Tilly to peanut tea, while Cranston and Francis were bickering. T.W. watched Danny with great interest, as he hadn't seen him at all in several weeks. \"Yeah! We're all invited to the premiere of the first ever feature length animated cartoon!\" Danny gushed, distributing the admittance passes amongst his animal friends. Sawyer gingerly accepted hers, hissing lightly. Danny turned in surprise, only to see Sawyer smiling back at him. \"D-did you just hiss at the ticket?\" Danny asked in astonishment. Sawyer shook her head, pursing her lips into a small smile. \"Yes, she did,\" barked Cranston from a booth over. Sawyer quickly crumpled up a napkin in front of her and threw it at Cranston. She turned back to Danny, who was staring in disbelief. \"Sawyer... I mean, I thought you'd be excited...\" Danny mumbled, unable to contain his disappointment in her reaction. Sawyer sighed, and tried to take Danny's paw. A chill went down her spine when she realized how far she had to reach in order to take his paw into her hand, and how he didn't even try to offer it to her. A deadly silence fell over the diner, with all eyes on Sawyer and Danny. She sniffed lightly before speaking. \"Danny, have you ever watched a Dagmouse cartoon?\" she asked him slowly, as if she was begging him to really listen to her words. True to form, Danny completely missed her subtle point. \"Of course I have, they play before every major movie. I thought you knew that,\" he explained, inducing a groan from Sawyer. \"Yes, I know, Danny. But have you ever really watched a Dagmouse cartoon? And understood what was going on?\" Danny's face twisted in confusion. Sawyer shook her head. Out of nowhere, T.W. jumped up onto the table and grabbed Danny by the cuff of his shirt. \"Wilbur Dagmouse hates animals! It's clear with every drawing that's ever flown from his pen! He hates us!\" \"Hates us?\" Danny exclaimed, stepping back in surprise. He lost his balance, falling onto one of the stools lining the counter. Seeing all his friends at once, he realized they were all solemnly nodding in agreement with T.W. \"Dreadful stuff, that,\" Wooly sniffed, turning his trunk up. \"We're portrayed as goofy morons, darling,\" Francis chimed in, flicking ash from the end of her cigarette. \"You go to the movies every week, Danny,\" Sawyer reminded him, standing from her seat and walking over to him. She put her arm gently around him. \"You've never been offended by Kitten Kenny?\" \"What? No! I think he's hilarious! He's just a cartoon character!\" he added, after seeing the looks of horror on the faces of his friends at his answer. \"He's not real.\" \"Danny, do you even understand the gravity of what we did at Mammoth Studios?\" Wooly had left his booth, and was taking tremendous steps over to where Danny was seated. The entire diner shook with the shockwaves of his steps, finally ending in a climactic BANG when he sat down nearer to Danny. \"Well, of course!\" Danny replied heartily. \"Lad, I don't think you do,\" Wooly replied, shaking his head. \"You may not have noticed it back in Indiana, but in Hollywood, us animals had been treated as second-class citizens for decades. We haven't just been kept out of the movies. We've been kept out of jobs, out of neighborhoods, out of sight. For a very long time, we did the work that no humans would want to do.\" \"What?\" Danny turned to Sawyer, hoping that she wouldn't confirm what he was hearing. She ran her paw against his cheek, sympathy in her gaze, but she still slowly nodded. Danny felt his soul sink. \"If it hadn't been for you, old boy, we might have never broken through the barrier. And things are starting to get better, if you haven't noticed. But it's the work of men like Dagmouse that'll hold us back.\" Wooly looked at Danny though his tiny spectacles. Danny could feel the warmth in his gaze, but it did little good. \"Maybe... if we meet with him... we can change his mind,\" Danny said, slowly allowing optimism to flow back into him. His friends didn't share his sentiment, however, as the sounds of groaning, disagreement, and Cranston mumbling \"Oh, not this again...\" filled the diner. \"Wait...\" Sawyer called out, attempting to silence everyone. After a moment, the diner returned to it's eerie silence. \"Maybe Danny's right.\" Sawyer spun around to smile at Danny, and to catch a glimpse of his smile again. She shook his head playfully before turning back to the other animals. \"If we could convince L.B. Mammoth to give us a shot, I don't see why we can't sway Wilbur Dagmouse in our favor as well.\" The animals slowly began to come around. Danny and Sawyer exchanged another look, and she could see the immense gratitude in his eyes without him having to say a word. \"Goodnight, Sawyer,\" Danny said, sitting himself down on his couch and preparing to sleep. Sawyer stood in her night gown at the foot of the staircase, watching Danny for a minute. \"You know,\" she began, walking over to him, \"the bed's big enough for two.\" Danny turned around in surprise, Sawyer had been keeping him at an arm's length for a while when it came to affection. Occasionally the two would hold hands or kiss, but for the most part she found it distasteful, especially in public and around their friends. Between how Sawyer had been at the diner, and now this, Danny's mind was quickly reeling. \"You mean it?\" he asked cautiously, unsure whether Sawyer was serious or not. He got his answer as she took his paw and led him upstairs to her room. Sawyer and Danny entered her bedroom as she switched on the light. There wasn't much to look at, just her modest bed, a few pictures and a vanity mirror on her dresser, but that didn't bother Danny in the slightest. Sawyer disappeared into a connecting bathroom in order to prepare for bed, leaving Danny to look around. On her vanity mirror, Sawyer had wedged a few old photographs into the grooves along the edge of the mirror. He laughed softly at the sight of Sawyer as a kitten, held in the arms of her mother. Her mother didn't make an appearance in any of the other pictures. The rest showed young Sawyer in dance practices and singing in front of a small audience. Danny wasn't given much time to contemplate the photos, as Sawyer reemerged from the bathroom. \"I forgot about those,\" Sawyer murmured, putting her hands behind her back. Danny broke into a smile. \"Aw, don't tell me you're embarrassed by these!\" he said, walking closer to her. She shook her head. \"No, I'm just not one for too much nostalgia. Ready?\" she asked him. He nodded and climbed into the bed. Sawyer walked over to shut off the light, and she too got in bed. She crawled over next to Danny, wrapping an arm around him. \"Danny?\" she asked, slowly. He turned to her, his eyes adjusting to the dark. \"Yeah?\" \"You know I believe in you, right?\" Danny pulled Sawyer against him tight and she sighed, content. Grauman's Chinese Theatre was all decked out in lights for the Kitten Kenny Goes Hollywood premiere. Danny stood in awe, taking in the sight of all the Hollywood brass coming out in droves to support a cartoon. He hadn't had a chance to enjoy the last premiere he attended, in part because he had found himself being chased by an enormous manservant across the roof of the building, so he wasn't going to waste this one. On his arm, in a flowing red satin dress, Sawyer smiled as widely as she could manage given the circumstances, which equated to barely above a smirk. She flinched lightly when a photographer, aiming for the celebrities entering the theater, would temporarily blind her with their flashbulbs. More than anything else, she just wanted the night to go smoothly and move onto the next day. Having been run ragged at the agency, she wanted nothing more than to sleep through Saturday. \"Oh boy, this is exciting!\" Danny said to her as the two of them took their seats in the theater. Sawyer attempted to sound as sincere as possible. \"Golly!\" she managed to say with an adequate degree of enthusiasm. Danny spun his head around, looking for the rest of their friends. The seats reserved for them were empty. Where are those guys? Danny wondered just as the lights dimmed in the theater. A round of applause spread like wildfire as Wilbur Dagmouse took center stage. \"Thank you,\" he addressed the crowd humbly. \"On behalf of all of us at Dagmouse Animated Pictures, I'd like to welcome you to the grand premiere of the first ever feature length animated production.\" Another round of applause. Danny joined in enthusiastically. Sawyer, more reluctantly. \"The subject of our first feature was the fodder of much debate at our studio. For a while, we had explored doing a fairy tale, giving it new life through the wonder of animation. But, we eventually came to the conclusion that it would be best to start things out with what we started our company with. It all started with a cat.\" Another round of applause. Dagmouse bowed slightly and stepped from the stage. The lights faded to leave the entire theater shrouded in darkness, and the movie started. As enthusiastic as Danny had started out going into the premiere, he found it hard to maintain his energy as the cartoon progressed. Kitten Kenny and his animal friends were quite goofy, goofier than he remembered watching their shorts at the beginning of other films. But that wasn't what bothered Danny as much. What had him irked was the plot – Kitten Kenny leaving the farm to try and make it in Hollywood with his friends. Sawyer noticed Danny's breathing change, and turned to look at him. She could see it all on his face; the embarrassment, the humiliation, the hurt... The film reached the ending, with Kitten Kenny and his friends returning home. With a \"Dagnabit, we gave it our best shot, fellas,\" they boarded a bus and left the gleaming city of Hollywood. The lights came back on in the theater and the film was given a standing ovation. Danny and Sawyer politely declined. Danny looked to his left, and saw that the seats reserved for his friends were still vacant. With a disappointed sigh, he turned back to the stage to see Dagmouse under spotlight. He was joined by another man that neither he nor Sawyer knew. \"Well, that's only the beginning for us. I'd like to take a moment to re-introduce you to a friend of mine, who was a driving force behind this production. Ladies and gentlemen, Miss Darla Dimple!\" Sawyer audibly gasped, but it wasn't heard over the sounds of cheering in the crowd. Danny's heart fell, not just because the littlest starlet was taking the stage, but because the hundreds of people around him didn't seem to know or care that not too long ago, she had attempted to drown him and his friends in her soundstage. \"Thank you, Wilby,\" she said sweetly, prompting a laugh from the audience. Sawyer hissed under her breath, and Danny couldn't help but share her sentiment. \"I think it's just so precious how Kitten Kenny thought that he could make it in the big bad world of Hollywood! The movies just aren't right for animals, are they?\" Dagmouse gulped. With a nervous chuckle, he nodded. \"Right. Not for animals.\" \"Cartoons are where animals belong, right, Mr. Schaefer?\" The man next to Dagmouse stepped forward. Danny's heart sank. \"Oh no...\" he whispered. Sawyer turned. \"What? Who is he?\" she asked. Danny began shaking his head. \"George Schaefer. Head of production at RKO Pictures.\" Schaefer, now standing next to Darla, he patted her head. \"Too right, Miss Dimple. We at RKO won't be bending to the impending Hollywood fad of 'Animal Pictures' like our rivals. We'll be ending production of any such films effective immediately, and will be refocusing our collaboration efforts with Dagmouse Animated Pictures.\" Danny didn't hear a word after that. Through the elated crowd, Danny could see Orson Welles sitting a few rows ahead of him. He turned around and offered Danny a sad, apologetic look. \"Come on, Sawyer,\" Danny said, his voice graveled, \"We're leaving.\" Outside the theater, Danny stormed down the street, his head down and his hat pulled over his eyes. Sawyer ran to catch up to him, she had stopped to adjust her heels and expected Danny to wait for her. He hadn't. \"Danny! Slow down!\" she called after him. Danny stopped, looking over his shoulder to watch Sawyer walk up beside him. \"So much for the dream,\" Danny said darky. Sawyer grabbed his face and shook him. \"Danny! This isn't you! You know that this is only a temporary setback, right? You'll bounce back.\" \"Not from this, Sawyer. If she can get away with what she did, with everyone still adoring her, how could we ever hope to get anywhere in this business?\" Danny began to start walking again. Sawyer watched him walk away, the opposite direction of the streetcar station that they would have taken home. She swallowed the lump in her throat, held her coat tightly to her, and slowly began to walk home.[Chapter 5] Wandering the deserted Hollywood streets, Danny had no idea where he was going. All he knew is that his feet kept moving, and along with them, so did he. From the Chinese Theater, he found himself in the Hollywood Hills, where the sprawling mansions of the stars speckled the sides of the iconic rolling bluffs. A car whizzed past him, a pink and purple limousine. He watched it dash out of sight in the direction of Darla Dimple's mansion. Gritting his teeth, Danny pressed on, now with a destination in mind. He reached the front gate, golden bars towering skyward over his already short stature. Luckily for him, they were designed to keep humans out, not cats, and his limber body was able to sneak right through one of the larger gaps in the gate. Creeping up the front drive, he watched as Darla's old manservant, Max, stepped out of the limo. He had hoped that he had seen the last of the hulking behemoth at the premiere of Little Ark Angel, but apparently fate had other plans. He crouched behind a bush, hoping he hadn't been spotted. Max held the door open for Darla, who pranced into her sprawling home without a second thought. Max followed, although he gave the grounds a quick once over from the door before closing the door behind him. Once the coast was clear, Danny began to slowly crawl closer to the house. He reached a window, and peered over the ledge to see Darla in the process of putting her trademark curls in rollers. Looking for a way in without being detected, Danny noticed a trestle along another wall, covered in white roses. Giving little thought to the flowers, he crawled up the trestle to the second story, right up next to a window. Once there, he repositioned his back paws to strengthen his balance, and pulled up on the window. It wasn't nearly as tight as he had expected. His overcompensation sent the window launching upwards, thudding against its frame loudly. Biting his lip, Danny quickly jumped into the window, just barely pulling in his tail before he heard another window opening. Judging by the growling he heard, Danny assumed that Max's head was looking up toward the second story window. Hoping with all his might that Max wouldn't be able to see it was open, he pressed on. Entering the hallway, Danny couldn't help but notice how many pictures Darla had of herself around her mansion. The last time he was here, he had stars in his eyes and was completely ignorant to most of what was going on around him, but now, he noticed every single portrait. While on one hand he too wished he was famous enough to have that many pictures taken of him, the amount of vanity he saw was sickening. \"...and Max, get Dagmouse on the phone,\" a familiar voice ordered from downstairs. As Danny neared the grand staircase, Darla's piercing voice was all too easy to pick out. \"Yes, Miss Dimple...\" Max droned in his usual fashion. Obviously, not much had changed about him. Danny could hear the sound of a dialer, and a ruffle of fabric as Max walked the phone over to Darla. \"Hello there, Wilby!\" Darla began sweetly. The way her voice his Danny's ears reminded him of the time he dipped a sucker he had gotten for his birthday in a bag of brown sugar. Sickeningly sweet. There was a pause as Darla listened to Dagmouse's response. \"What do you mean, losing money? Where?\" Darla's voice had quickly abandoned her faux charm in exchange for anger. \"Boycott? What are you talking about?\" Danny's ears perked up. A boycott? Maybe things aren't so bad after all . \"You're telling me that the most popular cartoon character in America is losing money because of me ? How dare you! If your little studio goes under, that's your problem, not mine. It doesn't matter anyways, it's time to begin the final stage of our plan.\" Darla slammed the phone down onto the receiver. \"Max,\" she called, angrily, \"come get the phone.\" Danny, grinning to himself, turned around to leave. Unfortunately, he found herself face to face with the towering mass of humanity that was Max. \"Here, kitty, kitty...\" Max said slowly, allowing his face to twist into a terrifying grin as he gripped Danny in his massive fist. As Sawyer crawled into bed, she wrapped herself around a pillow, attempting to get comfortable. Satisfied for a moment, she placed her head against it... then rolled over. And attempted to do the same on her other side. That didn't work either. Sprawling out across the bed on her back, Sawyer let out a sad 'mew,' the first time she had actually meowed in some time. \"Danny...\" she sighed, wrapping her arms around herself the way he would. It was no substitute, but it would have to do. \"Welcome back to my lovely home, Mr. Kitty Cat.\" Danny, coming around after he had been knocked unconscious by Max, barely heard Darla's condescension. He looked down to find his arms and legs bound by rope to a chair, the same chair he had sat in months ago when he had visited Darla before. \"I trust you remember, Max,\" she motioned behind Danny. He looked up to see Max looking down on him, waving with a sick grin on his deformed face. Danny looked away from that horrifying scene as quick as his neck would allow. \"What do you want from us, Darla?\" Danny demanded, struggling to get free from his ties. Darla gave Max a nod, who promptly gave the ropes a tug, tightening Danny's bonds. Darla laughed as Danny coughed from air restriction. \"Silly cat, you think I'd actually want something from you and your dopey friends,\" Darla said, beaming as she walked closer to Danny. \"I lost everything I had at Mammoth Pictures. My contracts, my yes-men, my product endorsements... You and your pest friends caught me off guard, I'll admit. But soon everything that you've done will be for nothing.\" \"What are you talking about?\" Danny asked. Darla pulled a poster from under her table and unfurled it in front of Danny. It showed a cartoon representation of animals marching in unison, under the banner of a metallic hawk and the German flag. \"What is this?\" he asked, genuinely confused. Darla shook her head sadly. \"Poor, ignorant animal. You obviously haven't been following what's been going on in Europe, have you?\" Danny had a sudden flashback to the newsreels he had to appear in under his contract to RKO Pictures. He had paid it no mind, too busy thinking about his big break in the industry to realize the gravity of what was going on across the Atlantic. After all, he was too young to remember the Great War, and his father had never talked about it in front of him or his siblings. \"War is brewing, Danny. People are going to get scared. People are going to think that there are enemies everywhere, waiting to strike from within. And where do people get their news?\" Danny was too petrified to respond, he knew exactly what Darla was hinting at. \"The movies, silly. And now, newsreels across the nation are going to paint animals as a threat to truth, justice, and... well, all that jazz.\" Danny's face twisted into a scowl. Not because he was particularly worried about her plan, more with the glee she took in explaining it to him. \"People will never believe that! Maybe here in Hollywood it's different, but where I come from, humans and animals live in harmony!\" \"Don't underestimate the power of fear, Danny. Your neighbors and friends would turn you over in a heartbeat to save themselves, if it came to that. And with the power of RKO and Wilbur Dagmouse, it will come to that. Your friends will be rounded up and caged like the beasts that they are.\" Danny, speechless, could only stare at the propaganda poster in front of him. Suddenly, everything that Wooly had told him began to sink in. \"Do you realize the gravity of what we did at Mammoth Studios?\" echoed through his mind in a nonstop loop, only breaking when Darla spoke again. \"Of course, you won't have to worry about that,\" she said, rolling up the poster. Danny looked at her, confused. \"No, I can't risk you ruining my plans again, Mr. Kitty. They say that curiosity killed the cat, don't they? I think it's time I treated you like the unwanted kitten you are.\" Danny's eyes widened in horror just as Max yanked on his ropes, breaking the chair he was bound to. Suddenly free, Danny attempted to run, but found himself swept up into a burlap sack. Panicked, he clawed at the bag, but it was no use. Max tied off the bag, sealing him inside with no escape. Darla innocently walked out of the room, waving despite the fact that Danny couldn't see her. \"So long, Danny. Have a nice swim!\" The sound of her cackles echoed through the mansion, the last thing Danny heard before he felt a swift kick and was knocked out once again. When he came to, Danny was still in the burlap sack. He could feel the surface below him vibrating, leading him to assume he was inside Darla's limousine. He knew all too well his destination, and tried to shove it from his mind. But he found just how difficult it was to ignore the inevitable. I'm going to die. He clenched his paws, attempting to swallow his sadness. He thought of Sawyer, and the look in her eyes as he had walked away from her, how she called out after him and he ignored her... He wondered how she would feel when he never returned, how the last thing he said to her was so negative... He drew his claws and tried scratching against the burlap again. Over and over, he dug his claws into the bag, trying to rip even just a tiny hole in the tough material. He soon realized how futile trying was, his claws had been filed down by the RKO Hair and Makeup department in preparation for Heart of Darkness filming. He curled up in a ball, unable to think of anything better to do with his time. The sack hit against something hard, and Danny took most of the impact. From what he could tell, Max had slammed on the brakes. Then he heard the sound of a car door, then another. This is it . He felt as the sack was lifted from wherever he had been kept. The backseat? The trunk? Not that it really mattered at this point. He could feel himself being carried, at first by the top of the sack, and then he felt himself lifted into Max's massive arms. He could feel the length of Max's stride, and hear the sound of buoys off in the distance. The sound of lapping waves started faint at first, but grew in intensity as he neared the ocean. Then something happened that startled Danny beyond belief. Suddenly, he felt Max's hand against the bag as well. At first he thought that Max was attempting to make sure Danny was still unconscious, but then the pressure of his hand let up. Then returned again. Then let up again. The rhythm was undeniable, Max was petting Danny. Danny wasn't sure what to think. He chalked it down to his head being kicked one too many times, and curled up into a tighter ball. Then came the sound of creaking wood. Max had reached a pier, and with every step, the sound of wood under immense pressure filled Danny's ears. He silently pleaded for it to stop violating his ear drums, but his heart sank when he realized what would happen when it finally did end. The sound of stressed wood began to slow as Max reached the end of the pier, finally coming to a stop. Danny winced, expecting to be tossed into the merciless waves without a second thought at any moment. After a few seconds, Danny's heart was ready to burst. The suspense, waiting for the drop into the water, the feeling of his blood pumping far too fast through his veins, it was too much. Then he heard the sound of Max sniffing, and felt his arm move as he wiped his nose. Was he having second thoughts about going through with it? Maybe Darla's manservant didn't have the heart to kill him! With what strength he had left, Danny gasped out, \"You don't have to do this, Max.\" With a heavy sigh, Max replied, \"Yes, I do.\" Danny felt the vibrations of the words against Max's gargantuan chest, and also down his spine. \"Goodbye, kitty,\" Max added sadly as he allowed the burlap sack to leave his arms. Danny let out one last 'meow' before the bag hit the water and slowly began to fill. Terrified, Danny tried to focus on one last happy memory. One last memory to close the show on. He remembered Sawyer, on the streetcar, picking him up after what was the happiest day of his life. He remembered suddenly kissing her, and her responding. Her voice had been so timid, so frightened, as she asked him \"Why did you do that?\" \"Because I wanted to,\" Danny whispered, shivering as the water filled the bag. \"I wanted to.\"[Chapter 6] \"You want to tell me what we're doing here?\" It was quite the strange image, the two men, sitting on a dock. One of whom held a fishing pole, and was digging in a tackle box for bait. \"What does it look like I'm doin'? I'm fishing, you ought to try it sometime.\" He cast his line into the ocean, the lure bobbing up and down with the choppy waves. He adjusted his fisherman's hat, drawing the critical eye of his companion. \"You know golf is my game. Don't need anything to do with your fishing mumbo jumbo, Crosby.\" \"You kidding? You couldn't hit a ball 160 yards even if you teed off from the Hollywood sign. Might as well give it up and grab a pole, Hope.\" Bob Hope laughed, slapping Bing Crosby on the back playfully. \"Not if I have to wear a crummy hat like that. But I think this film idea you've got is brilliant, Bing. Could even become a series. We'd crack jokes, sing songs, and travel all over the world!\" \"And meet beautiful women,\" Bing added, laughing. \"Nahh, that's my job.\" Bing felt a sudden tug on his line. Standing up, he began to reel in his catch. Bob watched as the pole bent under the weight of whatever was on the line. \"Watch yourself there, Bing, gonna break your nifty pole,\" Bob warned. \"Well if I do,\" Bing quipped, his voice strained as he focused on pulling, \"I'll just take your driver and fish it out. Someone might as well get some use out of...\" Bing fell backwards as his catch was launched into the air. As if on cue, Bob stood up and caught it, expecting it to be wriggling and wet. Instead, he found himself holding a soaked burlap sack. \"Well ain't this special,\" he laughed, putting the sack down. \"The great angler caught a brown bag.\" Unphased by Bob's taunts, Bing opened up the burlap sack, finding inside an equally soaked orange tabby cat. \"Oh, my mistake. You caught a catfish.\" The cat coughed, spitting seawater from his mouth as he slowly came to. Bob crouched down, dropping the act as he realized the cat might actually need their help. As he slowly opened his eyes, he reached out his arms, attempted to sit up. This effort was thwarted by Bing, who gently guided the cat back down. He coughed again. \"Where am I?\" \"Los Angeles Harbor. Few minutes south of Hollywood,\" Bob replied. The cat's head rolled from one side to the other, looking back and forth between his two saviors. \"Who are you guys?\" Bing pointed to Bob, and Bob pointed to Bing, each saying the other's name in unison. The cat's eyes widened slightly as he began to recognize the two men standing above him. \"What's your name, tabby?\" Bob asked as he began to help the cat to his feet. \"Dan...\" he coughed mid-word, then tried again, \"Danny.\" Bob and Bing exchanged a glance. \"That cat who humiliated Darla Dimple at her own premiere?\" Bing asked, surprised. \"I oughta buy you a drink. I hate that little tart. And her stupid curls. In what world are those sausages cute?\" Bob laughed. Danny laughed too, between fits of coughing. \"What happened to you?\" Bing asked, taking his jacket and wrapping it around Danny's shoulders. \"Yeah, ya big drip, I thought cats hated water? Or is that just a \"speci-ist\"rumor or something?\" Danny shook his head. \"Darla. Tried to drown me.\" \"Kids these days. Give 'em a ten picture deal and they think they own the world,\" Bob joked, shaking his head. \"Well, come on, Bing. Let's get this tabby something to eat, looks like he could use it. Wonder where we can get kibble this time of night?\" \"Well. Now that's a story.\" At a 24-Hour diner a mile or two out of Hollywood, Danny had relayed the story of his past few months in Hollywood to the two comedians over a greasy dinner. His hat laid on the table next to his food, still a bit wet from his experience in the ocean. Naturally, they chimed in with quips and jokes about little details, but for the most part they were captivated on the story. Bob took a bite of the burger in front of him. \"Y'know, I never understood why they never put animals in pictures,\" he began, his mouth still full of food. \"Careful there, Bob, I know how you feel about sharing your food,\" Bing snapped back. \"No, seriously,\" Bob swallowed the food in his mouth and attempted to look as sincere as possible. As much as Danny believed he wasn't joking, it was certainly hard for him to imagine Bob Hope as serious. \"Some of the funniest, talented individuals I've met here are animals. I mean, just look at Bing here. But apart from him, I've met dogs and cats who can act their way around Clark Gable, let alone a hack like Darla Dimple.\" \"Exactly!\" Danny piped up, for a moment regaining his zeal. But only for a moment. \"But how are we supposed to fight against both Darla and someone like Dagmouse?\" \"Well, what you overheard was true,\" Bing said, absently playing with the straw in his drink, \"Kitten Kenny is bombing across the country. It's even losing steam in New York and Hollywood.\" \"And not just because it was a bad film, and believe me, it was bad,\" Bob added, finishing the last drops of his coffee. \"Exit polls conducted by RKO have been showing that most moviegoing audiences find it ridiculously offensive. Even humans.\" \"It's as if Dagmouse decided to take everything he spent years building here in Hollywood and said 'Why not throw it down the hill to see what sound it makes?' It's too bad, I met him once. Seemed like a nice guy.\" Bing shook his head. \"What we need is a strategy. Some way we can get you and your furry...\" \"And finned,\" Bing added. \"Yes,\" Bob rolled his eyes, \"and finned, friends back in the limelight. Might not work out well for us, but hey, what's right is right.\" Danny looked up as Bob finished and began attempting to flag down the elusive waitress to refill his coffee pot. \"What do you mean by that, Mr. Hope?\" \"Well, Bing and I were going to pitch ourselves to a studio, trying to get ourselves in as a comedy duo. We figured that the studios were going to be shutting down their new animal divisions and needing fresh ideas to compensate.\" Danny looked back and forth between Bing and Bob, his jaw dropping slightly. \"You mean,\" he started, the words slowly working their way out of his mouth, \"you're risking your own plans and ideas for me?\" \"Oh don't kid yourself, kid,\" Bob retorted, \"It's not just for you. It's your brethren. And the birthright that was robbed from them.\" \"I'm sure they'll still want us for something,\" Bing added thoughtfully. \"They keep giving Errol Flynn work.\" Danny felt himself beginning to glow from within. A smile burst across his face and he jumped to his feet, standing on the bench seat in front of his two new friends. \"Well then, what are we waiting for?\" \"The right moment,\" Bing cut in. \"And next week, RKO is going to be announcing their fall production schedule. I usually attend the press conferences just for kicks, but we can use it to our advantage.\" \"See, the media loves the little tart,\" Bob explained, picking up immediately where Bing left off. Danny couldn't help but be impressed at how great the chemistry was between the two comedians, even when they were being completely serious and off screen. \"They eat up everything she says. But if we can get in there and expose her for who she really is...\" \"Then we can recapture the attention and hearts of Hollywood!\" Danny blurted out, grinning. Bing and Bob nodded in agreement. Danny picked up and twirled his boater on his finger, flipping it back onto his head as he danced on his seat. The two men across the table from him smirked, amused by the song and dance cat's enthusiasm. \"And they think Fred Astaire can dance,\" Bob snorted. \"The thing is,\" continued Bing, \"for this to work, we're going to need as many of your friends as possible at the press conference. Kind of a 'Little Ark Angel' take two... although I don't think singing and dancing will work this time.\" \"You need to take command and show the world that you demand their respect, and won't settle for anything less. Got that?\" Bob made eye contact with Danny briefly, before catching a glimpse of the waitress out of the corner of his eye. \"Hey! Little coffee here? It's too early for me to go without, you know.\" \"Well, I suppose I can try to get my friends to show up... I mean, they didn't show up when I tried to get them to come with to the Dagmouse premiere. Well, except for...\" Danny stopped cold. He spun around, spying that it was well past two in the morning. \"Oh no, Sawyer...\" Danny turned back to Bob and Bing, both of whom sporting matching looks of confusion at the cat's sudden outburst. \"Would you be able to give me a lift home? There's someone who I owe an apology to.\" \"Sure thing, Danny,\" Bob replied, nodding. \"Just as soon as I get my... HEY! COFFEE!\" Arriving at Sawyer's door with minutes to three, Danny attempted to open the door, in hopes that Sawyer had left it unlocked. To his relief, she had. Once inside, he silently closed and locked the door behind him, and sighed. The last thing he wanted to do would be to wake Sawyer at this time of night. Turning around, Danny found himself face to face with Sawyer, still very much awake. Her face, normally fitted with a knowing smirk, was hanging down in dismay from worry. \"Hey, Sawyer,\" Danny greeted her quietly, his face falling at the sight of hers. Without a word, Sawyer wrapped her arms tightly around him and squeezed. Surprised at her strength, Danny coughed from the pressure on his still-recovering lungs. She relaxed her grip and looked him in the eyes. \"Where were you, Danny?\" she asked, emphasizing each word with hushed concern. Danny took off his hat and put it on the coatrack. \"Well, the night was all downhill until I ran into Bing Crosby and Bob Hope,\" he said, pulling his face back into a smile. Sawyer looked like she had been hit with a brick, though Danny hardly noticed. \"We came up with a plan to get us all back in the good graces of the studios and put Darla down once and for all. You know, they're pretty stand up guys...\" Danny was cut off in mid-sentence as Sawyer darted toward him without warning and slapped him in the face. His paw leapt to his cheek instinctively, and for a moment Danny continued to face the direction in which Sawyer's slap left him facing. He slowly turned to look at her, and found himself the focus of her furious glare. \"You have no idea how worried I was about you,\" she said. She spoke slowly and carefully, forming her words into daggers and aiming straight for Danny's heart. \"It made me so sick that I couldn't sleep. I ended up sitting down here, hoping, praying that you were okay. And now I find that you've been hanging out with Bob Hope and Bing Crosby?\" \"Sawyer, I...\" \"I didn't think there'd be any golf courses open this late. Did you all think it'd be fun to go play a round and leave me waiting here, wondering why you weren't home?\" \"Please...\" Danny begged, but Sawyer paid him no mind. \"I thought that you had more respect for me than that, Danny. I thought that...\" Sawyer's words slowed to a crawl, and she turned around as they tapered off completely. \"I thought you loved me.\" Danny opened his mouth to reply, but the gravity of Sawyer's words weighed him down to the point of speechlessness. They hung in the air for a few seconds before Danny began to walk toward Sawyer. \"I do love you,\" he said softly, reaching his paw around her and attempting to hold hers. Reluctantly, she allowed his fingers to interlock with hers. But it was short lived, as her nose crinkled up in disgust. \"What... what is that smell?\" she asked, her voice more confused now than angry. \"Seawater,\" Danny replied, his head bowed against his chest. Sawyer spun around to face him, using her paw to lift his chin up. She looked into his green eyes, the green eyes that always filled her with such hope... and saw them networked with red lines. All of a sudden, a pit began to form in her stomach as she realized that he hadn't told her the full story. \"Danny, what happened to you?\" she asked, tenderness returning to her voice. She ran her paw against his cheek, and he nuzzled it gently. With a deep breath, Danny replied, \"Darla tried to have me drowned.\" Sawyer gasped and took a step back, her hands against her mouth as she shook her head. She quickly scanned and looked Danny over, head to toe. She now noticed his matted, dirty fur, his damp clothes, and most of all, a strange, nervous shaking that seemed to absently be taking control of his limbs. She pulled Danny close again, not in the same vicegrip as she had earlier. This time, Danny felt her arms reaching around to his shoulders, pulling Sawyer's face against his chest. He placed his head against hers, gently stroking her fur as she began to cry. The two held each other, lost in their own time and space. For to them, there was no time. There was just Danny and Sawyer. And that was just enough for them both.[Chapter 7] Danny awoke to find himself in Sawyer's room, alone. Slowly sitting up, his back aching from the previous night, he blinked his eyes in search of a clock. A chrome alarm clock on the bedside table read 10:30pm, the latest he had overslept in years. Maybe I'm losing the farm cat in me quicker than I thought. The smell of smoke caught his attention. Despite his soreness, he quickly pulled on dry clothes from his bag and dashed downstairs. At the stove, Sawyer panicked over several smoking pots and pans, her hands jittering nervously across the heat dials. Danny strode over to the kitchen and began to help Sawyer, who, at the first sign of his presence, began to protest. \"Danny, no. I don't need help,\" she insisted, trying to butt him out of the way with her elbows. The bacon on the stove ignited into flames, causing Sawyer to jump back in terror, her tail puffed out and rigid. Danny took the opportunity to take control of the situation, turning off all the burners and extinguishing the burning bacon. Sawer slumped against the refrigerator, dismayed. \"I was making you breakfast...\" she explained sadly, motioning to the crisp remains of bacon and eggs. \"You know, since you always make it for me...\" Danny hugged her, kissing her forehead with a smile. \"Aw, Sawyer, you didn't have to do that.\" \"You had such a bad night, and all I did was yell at you...\" Danny held a finger to her lips. While normally she'd claw anyone who tried to shush her, especially like that, she knew Danny didn't understand. She made a quick mental note to explain her boundaries to Danny at a more appropriate time. \"Besides, we don't have time for that today,\" he continued, grabbing his hat. Sawyer watched him move about her house, searching for a clue as to what he was talking about. \"We don't?\" she retorted back, in lieu of any explanation. Danny walked back over to her, wrapping a festive scarf around her neck. \"We need to get everyone back together, Sawyer. The press conference at RKO is only a week away, and for this to work the way Bing, Bob, and I planned, we're going to need every animal in Hollywood there to make our case.\" \"And humiliate Darla, right?\" Sawyer added hopefully. Danny shook his head. \"We're not looking to humiliate anyone, we want to show we're professional, courteous animals who should be treated with respect. And that we belong in the movies!\" Sawyer nodded, although admittedly, she didn't want Darla leaving the studio lot without crying. Or bleeding. Even thinking about what Darla had almost done to Danny made her muscles tense and her tail twitch. As much as she wanted to follow Danny's plan to the letter, she knew deep down that it would be unwise of Darla to cross her path. \"Sawyer, where have you been?\" Farley Wink barked as the two cats entered the agency. Looking around the small office, Danny noticed that the wooden benches, normally packed tight with eager animal actors, were beginning to collect dust. \"Sorry, got a little caught up at home. What do you need from me?\" she asked, oblivious to Farley's red, fuming face. \"Did you not hear about the Kitten Kenny premiere?\" Farley exploded. \"Every major studio followed RKO's lead. Even Mammoth Pictures! There are no roles for animals left in Hollywood!\" Sawyer gasped. She looked behind Wink, peering into his office. The walls were no longer decorated with photos of the agency's leading talents, but instead were lined with packing crates. \"Farley...\" she said softly, her voice faltering as she realized she had nothing to say. Wink sat down in the nearest chair, putting his hands on his knees and sighing. \"All I wanted to do was to help my friends get into the pictures,\" he sighed. He pulled out a photograph of himself, much younger and fitter, and with a full head of hair. Next to him stood a smiling dog and horse, waving for the camera. \"Ed went back east to try theater,\" he explained, pointing to the horse. \"Haven't heard from him since. And Freddy just gave up after years of no work for dogs. Runs a bookstore, barely gets by.\" Wink's face had fallen in a way that Sawyer had never seen before. She had seen him disappointed plenty of times. While he didn't always show it, he did want the best for his clients, and truly felt for them if arrangements didn't go as planned. But this was a new sadness. Sitting before the two cats was a defeated, broken man. \"Where are the usuals, Wink?\" Sawyer asked softly, inquiring about their friends. Wink looked at his watch and shrugged. \"Well, I suspect they'd be at their day jobs right about now. Everyone has them nowadays...\" Danny put his hand on Wink's massive shoulder. He tensed up on contact, but only for a quick moment. \"Mr. Wink, when I came here, you believed in me. And now, sir, I need you to do believe in me again. We have a chance to fix this, but we're going to need everyone.\" Slowly, Sawyer found a strengthening warmness growing within her. As she watched the orange tabby console her old friend, the first man who had believed in both of them, she couldn't help finding herself thinking 'I'm going to marry that cat someday' , even to her own shock. \"I need you to call up every animal in Hollywood. Every has-been, every no-luck and every starstruck that has ever walked into your office. And I need you to get them to RKO Pictures this Friday. If this is our last chance to fight for our dreams, well then we're going to have to stand together. All of us.\" Staring at the cat standing before him, Wink found himself staring. In the face of everything, he just kept smiling. Maybe it was his Midwestern naïveté, or maybe he felt invincible with the saucy secretary by his side. But one thing was definitely for certain, by looking Danny cat in the eyes, he believed every word that came from his mouth. \"You got yourself a deal, Danny,\" Wink smiled, standing back up. His expression flipped in a flash, regaining his old vocal volume and fervor. \"Now get out of here, I have a lot of calls to make!\" Danny grabbed Sawyer's hand, and the two of them left the office in a heartbeat. Turning around to enter his office, Wink pulled out a small, weathered address book from his back pocket. Flipping through pages, he stopped halfway through the volume, reaching for one of his desk's phones. Dialing. Ringing. \"Hello? Freddy, old pal? I need to ask you for a favor.\" \"Absolutely not!\" Cranston slammed his front gate in front of Danny and Sawyer, turning away from them both in a huff. As he started back toward his front porch to continue judging the neighborhood youth, Danny and Sawyer leapt the small fence in pursuit. He growled under his breath, quite aware that they weren't through. \"Cranston...\" Sawyer pleaded, but he would have none of it. \"We're not asking for anything more than you being there,\" Danny explained. Cranston stopped and spun around, forcing Danny to take a step back. He pointed straight at Danny, as if pointing would make his argument stronger. \"I was there at the Darla movie. We stood up and made our case. And they threw us out on our ears. I'm sick of trying. I've accepted what the world thinks of me. Why haven't you?\" \"Because I'm never going to let a bunch of rich Hollywood types tell me who I am!\" Danny retorted, crossing his arms. As if to spite him, Cranston crossed his arms as well. \"Well good luck trying to work for them then, Danny. And you too, Sawyer. I thought you were smarter than this.\" \"I thought you had more heart than this,\" Sawyer shot back, nearly hissing. Cranston made a quick 'feh' before turning back to his house. \"It'll never get any better unless we keep fighting,\" Danny said, turning his back to the old goat. Sawyer touched his shoulder tenderly, but he shook his head. \"It's hopeless, Sawyer,\" he muttered, motioning for her to follow him. With one last sharp look at Cranston, Sawyer let Danny lead her back off of his property. Cranston entered the house and slammed the door behind him. Taking a seat in a well worn chair, he pulled out a book to read. But he found himself looking out the window, watching the two cats walk away, until they disappeared over a hill. Only then could he concentrate on the book. Uncharacteristically nervous, Wilbur Dagmouse found himself hiding within his own studio. His brother, Ronald, had called from the financial department, demanding a contingency plan for the failure of Kitten Kenny. In all honesty, Dagmouse didn't know what to do anymore. His major film plans, his future city, all quickly going up in smoke with every theater that boycotted Kitten Kenny. Every move he made, he now answered to... The phone rang. His limbs moving almost robotically, he picked up the receiver and held it to his ear. \"Hello?\" he answered, attempting to hide the fear in his voice. \"Hello Wilby,\" the voice of Darla Dimple replied, once again sweetened despite the nature of their previous call. \"I don't know what more you can take from me,\" he spat out, nearly begging. At this point, all he wanted to do was return to Kansas City and draw cartoons in the newspaper again. Darla chuckled wickedly, only adding to his pain and frustration. \"Aww, are you getting tired? Are all the big, bad, animals making Wilby Dagmouse sad?\" \"I don't hate animals!\" he cried back, to a refreshing long take of silence after his voice finished reverberating. Darla made noises like she was trying to formulate words, but it kept coming out like coughing. \"You what?\" she finally managed, stretching her words to maintain her sweet disposition for as long as she possibly could bear. \"I grew up on a farm, Darla. Animals were my best friends! And now all this... I'll be branded forever as someone who hates animals!\" \"Wilby, I thought we understood each other,\" Darla growled, her voice fading slightly. Dagmouse noticed that behind her voice, he could hear strange noises. Noises he almost recognized. \"I'm not doing this anymore. I'm issuing a public apology and I'm going to try and get my life back,\" he commanded. As he did, he felt a sudden rush of pride surge through him. I'm doing it! I'm standing up to her! He could feel his heart thudding against his chest... Or the floor... But it was far too slow to be his heartbeat... From outside his office, Dagmouse could hear screaming. A noise in his ear signaled that Darla had disconnected from the call... and something told him that she was coming to pay him a visit. The doors to Dagmouse's office burst open suddenly, causing him to flail his arms in front of his face to avoid the sudden onslaught of debris. From the wreck stepped an enormous butler, carrying in his hand none other than Darla Dimple. \"Care to reconsider?\" Darla called to him, laughing maniacally at the ruin her servant had caused. Dagmouse looked back and forth, scanning for an escape. But he knew there was only one way into his office, and that he was hopelessly trapped once again by Darla Dimple. \"No,\" he whispered, almost as if to test whether or not he could even make a sound in the face of such hopelessness. \"What?\" Darla screamed back. Dagmouse looked up, straight at Darla, and stepped forward. \"No!\" he called back. \"Hmph. Seems like there's a bit of spine in you after all, Wilby.\" Darla turned from the frightened cartoonist to her monstrously large servant. \"Max!\" she commanded, pointing to Dagmouse. \"Break it.\" In his unencumbered hand, Max grabbed the comparitively puny Dagmouse, bringing him up to eye level. Before he had a chance to say anything, the man had gone limp in his hand, fainted out of fear. Max had seen fear in his victims many times before, but for some reason, Dagmouse was different. His body was completely useless in his hand, his face still twisted in a look of absolute terror... And all Max could think of was sitting in the picture house on his days off, watching Kitten Kenny shorts. This man had made them all, a character assigned to the purpose of laughter. And Darla had destroyed him, his work, and everything he loved... \"Come on, Max,\" Darla growled again, breaking Max's concentration. \"We have work to do.\" Without saying a word, the servant followed. And while she found it out of the ordinary that her brutish manservant didn't follow her command with a sluggish \"Yes, Miss Dimple,\" she paid it no mind. She had bigger things to worry about.[Chapter 8] The time had come. The Hollywood brass had come out to the gates of RKO Studios, waiting for head of production George Schaefer. The stage had been all set up in front of the studio, complete with podium and microphones, and posters featuring concept art for three new Darla Dimple pictures. The crowd was filled with various reporters, celebrities, and other interested parties. Bob Hope and Bing Crosby found themselves near the rear of the pack, watching carefully. \"You think the tabby did it?\" Bing asked Bob as he watched two security guards push open the gates to the studio. \"I'd like to hope so,\" Bob replied, looking around, \"but right now I don't believe it.\" He was right, the crowd was nearly devoid of animals. A few were covering the story for animal-centered trade papers. But for the most part, it was a human crowd. \"It was worth a try,\" Bing sighed. The crowd erupted into cheers as Schaefer exited the studio gates and took the stage. Following him closely skipped Darla Dimple, smiling sweetly and waving for the cameras. Flashbulbs lit the stage brightly, which shocked the third party, Wilbur Dagmouse. He cautiously climbed onto the stage, nervously looking back as Max walked to the left of the stage, blocking any means of escape for the terrified cartoonist. \"Ladies and gentlemen,\" Schaefer addressed the crowd, \"it's a beautiful Hollywood morning, and you're all here to find out what RKO has in store for you in the coming season.\" \"In short,\" Darla addressed the crowd, \"more of little ol' me!\" More cheers. Bing and Bob exchanged a look of disgust, before turning back to the studio head. Bing noticed several animals had arrived toward the back of the crowd. A few dogs and cats, in coats and jackets, watching the action with interest. Bing poked Bob and pointed his attention toward them. \"Well, looks like Danny might have come through after all,\" Bob said with a grin. \"RKO is taking over where Mammoth Pictures left off, putting into production not one, not two, but THREE new Darla Dimple pictures!\" The crowd continued to grow. Animals, well dressed and standing upright, began to pour into the crowd. Human celebrities in the crowd began to notice, looking both ways in order to see if they were seeing things. The crowd had more than doubled, and humans had become the minority. This wasn't lost on Darla, who began having difficulty maintaining her adorable public face. Her eyes darted wildly across the crowd, searching for who could be responsible for all these... animals... interfering with her big moment. \"And not to be outdone, Mr. Dagmouse will be producing the next five of his feature films under RKO distribution!\" Schaefer continued, seemingly oblivious to the animal takeover of the crowd. To Darla's horror, the humans in the crowd were shaking hands with the animals. Conversing with them. Laughing at their jokes. She watched as Bing Crosby and Bob Hope introduced Clark Gable to a grinning orange tabby... \"WHAT?\" Darla exclaimed, her eyes wide with anger. She turned to Max, furious, and pointed straight at Danny in the crowd. \"...yes, Ms. Dimple?\" Schaefer asked, confused. Her outburst had interrupted his speech, throwing off his train of thought. \"Get these ANIMALS out of here!\" she screamed, her fists balling up in rage. Dagmouse looked quickly between the enraged Darla, the confused and distracted Max, and made his decision. He pushed her out of the way and ran into the crowd, sobbing. \"I'm so sorry!\" Danny heard Dagmouse cry as he ran past. Max, seeing the cartoonist burst into the crowd, began to stomp toward the mass of humans and animals, sending them all into a frenzy. \" Oh boy, we're going to be blamed for this... \" Danny thought in dismay as he watched the pandemonium unfold in front of him. The stage set for the press conference was forced to the ground, in part because human and animal alike were scrambling to get out of the towering Max's way. Max grabbed wildly for Dagmouse, and ended up grabbing hold of Schaefer instead. In his confusion, Max allowed the head of production to fall from his hand, focused instead of finding Dagmouse. As her streetcar arrived outside of RKO Studios, Sawyer watched the riot unfold with her hands to her mouth. \" This is what Danny had planned? \" She cautiously approached, hoping to see him in the crowd. She could already see both humans and animals off to the sides of the fray, nursing wounds. A light fell out of place on the stage, hanging lopsided and casting a spotlight on the riot. Darla walked slowly into the large mass of confused and screaming people, having spotted Danny. He had no time to respond, Darla jumped onto his back and began pulling at his clothes and fur. \"YOU!\" she screamed. Danny attempted to shake her from his back, but she clung to him with surprisingly strong arms. He wasn't getting away from her any time soon. She scratched at his arms and neck, and kicked him in the back of the knee, forcing him to the ground. \"Aagh! Please!\" Danny cried out, knowing it was in vain. She tried to kill him once, why would she show him mercy now? He took a deep breath just as his face was forced against the pavement and Darla began kicking his stomach. \" This couldn't be any further from what I wanted... \" A loud yowl could be heard across the crowd, and suddenly, Danny was free. Slowly, he rose back to his feet, and looked around in confusion. He could see Max, on the other side of the fray, had finally found Dagmouse, who was attempting in terror to escape the giant's hands. A few feet away, he saw Sawyer on top of Darla, slashing at her curls in a fury. Her tail had puffed out to nearly twice it's size, and despite her quick and decisive slashes, her face retained it's cool. She turned Darla around, now nearly bald from her attack, and spat in her face. Straightening her fur, Sawyer collected herself and turned around to see Danny. Nearly out of breath, she managed to force out \"You didn't tell me you were going to start a riot.\" \"He didn't mean to,\" Bob Hope cut in before Danny could reply. \"Darla saw him in the crowd, Dagmouse made a run for it, and all hell broke loose. You alright there, Danny?\" he added as an afterthought. Danny nodded, and then coughed, still weak from the attack. Sawyer wrapped him up in a hug, whispering \"You stupid moron,\" in his ear. He laughed and hugged her back tight, pleasantly surprised by her heroics. \"Everyone, calm down,\" a booming voice rang out over the crowd. Danny and Sawyer turned, but because of the fallen light, all they could see was the silouette of a man standing at the microphone podium. Slowly, the members of the crowd stopped to see who had addressed them, having an equally hard time making out who it was. Four police cars arrived, surrounding Max. He looked around in confusion, attempting to locate Darla. When the police exited the vehicles, guns drawn, he reluctantly placed Dagmouse on the ground and surrendered. \"Now, it's clear what happened here,\" the man began to speak again, only to be interrupted by Darla. \"It was the ANIMALS!\" she screamed, pointing to her bald head. Sawyer hissed as she spoke, resting her head on Danny's shoulder. \"No, Miss Dimple, you caused the riot. And you caused the flood at Mammoth Pictures. No one forgot about that. Just because you bullied a cartoonist into following your orders doesn't mean the rest of the world is going to follow suit.\" Darla gasped in anger. \"MAX!\" she called out, turning to where she last remembered seeing her servant. She gasped again, this time in shock, as her giant servant was submitting to what could best be described as 'Lilliputian justice.' The police, in lieu of a vehicle big enough to throw Max into, merely tied him up to the large studio building and left him there until they could figure out what to do with him. \"We've caught on, Miss Dimple. You coerce people and animals into doing your bidding because you have a big, bad Max behind you. But on your own, you have no power.\" Darla suddenly found herself in handcuffs. She screamed as the police dragged her away, babbling about 'her birthright' and those 'stupid animals' and eventually, stopped using words at all. She was thrown in the back of a police van and driven off. Danny approached the stage, hoping to get a better look at the man behind the podium. Suddenly, the light behind the man fell from the stage, cutting the power. Danny smiled as he recognized Orson Welles as the man on the stage. \"Hollywood, the time has come for you to realize animals are here, and they're not taking no for an answer anymore,\" Welles continued, now with all eyes upon him. \"Darla Dimple isn't the standard for success anymore. Those who will do well in this new Hollywood will recognize that. Those who do poorly, will be those who fight it.\" Reporters began scribbing notes from what Welles was saying. Schaefer, pulling himself back onto the stage, took the microphone back from Welles and readdressed the crowd. \"It was a sad day for RKO when I agreed to be bullied into signing Darla Dimple and firing the cast of Heart of Darkness. I'd like to formally apologize on behalf of the company, myself... and I'm sure Dagmouse as well. Across the country, we're collecting prints of Kitten Kenny Goes Hollywood and burning them. We hope never to make such a mistake again.\" Bob and Bing each took turns shaking Danny's hand. \"It didn't exactly go as planned,\" Bob joked, \"but you pulled through.\" Danny laughed, shaking his head. \"I didn't know that many people to call,\" Danny admitted. \" How did so many people find out about this? It had to have been Wink... \" He turned and saw the stout manager of Farly Wink's Animal Agency hugging a dog, his friend from long ago, and felt his heart melt a little. \"Either way, Danny-boy, things will only get better from here!\" Bing promised, as the comedy duo walked past the crowd into the studio gates. \"Now, where's that script girl you said could get us an in...\" \"Huge mess if you ask me...\" a voice growled from behind Danny and Sawyer. They turned to see Cranston standing behind them, looking slightly disheveled and clutching his arm. \"You made it!\" Danny smiled, his voice worn out from coughing. Sawyer stroked his back gently. \"Yeah. I suppose. Figured you might, heh, need someone to drag you off the stage if you got too crazy...\" Cranston trailed off, his hardened exterior breaking down into a giggle. \"Did you see Darla without any hair?\" Sawyer beamed proudly and pulled a few strands of golden hair from her claws. \"I got a pretty good view.\" \"This is 'News on the March!', for the week of August 25th, 1939. Coming to you from Mammoth Studios in Hollywood, California! Following a riot at RKO studios, caused by former child star Darla Dimple, the studio made history by signing the first-ever animal clients to the studio. In particular, Orange tabby Danny was contracted to Orson Welles' next major film, currently titled 'Citizen Kane.' Meanwhile, our own Mammoth Studios has signed Sawyer, Danny's sweetheart, to a film and record contract. This is only the beginning, as the animals of Hollywood begin to make their way into the major leagues of the motion picture industry!\" In one particular movie house in Hollywood, Danny found himself receiving a kiss on the cheek from Sawyer, wrapped around his arm and purring gently. \"You did it, Danny. You made it.\" Next to him, Pudge had cleaned out an entire popcorn bucket. Turning to see Danny and Sawyer in a romantic embrace, he sighed and carried the bucket out to the lobby. As long as they weren't paying attention to him, he might as well get a refill. The End. And that's the end of Cats Can't Wait! But not the end of the story, in case you might have had questions about any loose ends ;) Coming soon, the next major chapter to the story, \"Homecoming - The Courting of Miss Sawyer.\" Danny and Sawyer venture back to Kokomo, where Danny intends to ask her to marry him. Of course, when a former flame from Danny's past enters the picture, all bets are off. Thanks everyone for reading, it's been great to hear your feedback and I hope you keep tuning in for the continuing adventures of Danny and Sawyer! ","Summary":" It happened almost like clockwork. All across America, the movie houses began screening the Mammoth"},{"Movie":"Cats Don't Dance","Title":"Aeternum","Author":"Tomocopter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9179588","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter One 'I'm starting to think we'd have to be total masochists to actually enjoy working with these guys.' 'Or just people trying to stay on LB's good side. Might be the same thing, come to think of it.' Sawyer sighed, pulling Danny closer to her as they walked. They had been filming their latest movie for the last few weeks, and while the script was more than entertaining the backers left a lot to be desired. The main reason they had both accepted their parts was because they wanted to work together more, but the pressure they were under made that beyond difficult. Still, she supposed it wasn't too bad. They still had the chance to spend the evenings together, and being together in those circumstances was vastly superior to being apart. This was the first time either of them had worked on a genuinely stressful project. They saw each other, but neither had much of a chance to see their friends outside of the brief stolen conversations gained when they saw each other on set, and Sawyer had barely spoken to her father since the project had begun. In the year and a half both had spent working in Hollywood they had each made three films, all of which were a joy to work on. Having to spend their day hating what they were doing and who they were doing it for was not something they were used to. Sawyer sighed at the thought. It would all be over soon enough. Sawyer threw herself down onto her couch as soon as they reached her apartment, as she listened to Danny trying to take the most optimistic view of their situation that was possible. 'It may not be any fun now, but the script is really good! And L.B. doesn't like these guys any more than we do so this'll probably be the last time we have to work with them! And anyways, our next jobs will seem really easy in comparison to this one!' Sawyer smiled to herself as she listened to him speak on and on. One of the things she really admired about him was that, even after all that they had been through, he still genuinely saw the best in everything and everyone. He may not have been as naive as he was when he first arrived in Hollywood, but he hadn't lost any of that spark that made him him. She doubted anyone's life had ever been changed by a single person to the extent that her's was by Danny. Over the last 18 months both had gained not only their dream careers, but also their perfect (Or as close to it as either would get) partners. It may have taken them some time to adjust at the beginning - There were some huge differences in their personalities, and that coupled with huge changes both were undergoing in their own lives made it difficult at first, but together the two had fought through everything, and had reached this point together. It may not have been a family yet, but it was a start. Sawyer smirked at the thought of family. It was an interesting topic where her and Danny were concerned, considering how much of it she would be gaining through Danny. Between his four siblings, parents and in-laws, it seemed as if there would be more people that she knew what to do with. She had managed to meet all of his family, excluding his mother (much to May's disappointment, as she often liked to remind her son), and had gotten on with them all famously, so it shouldn't have been too great a source of distress. She nearly pitied Danny more when it came to her family, considering it only consisted of her father. Danny had yet to meet Jared, and even the thought of it was enough to send him into a cold sweat. She could understand why; she was his only child, and if he didn't take to Danny he could jeopardise everything, at least in Danny's view. That never worried Sawyer though; she couldn't imagine the two most decent men in her life being anything less than wonderful with each other. Or at least that's what she liked to tell herself. She was struck by how much she missed her Dad. Their life may not have always been perfect, but that didn't mean it wasn't, in his words, 'A goddamned good one '. She had gotten to visit him more often thanks to the greatly increased income which came with her new career, but there was only so much time she could spend with him. She worried about him being lonely. Still, she hoped that at Christmas she could fly him out to her, and that maybe the two of them along with Danny could spend the holidays together. She could think of worse things than a week with her boys. Sawyer was brought back to reality with a bang with the sound of the radio, and looked up to find Danny standing over her with a smile and two coffee cups in hand, clearly having realised at some point during his rambling that she had drifted off. She smiled gratefully, taking one of the mugs from him and shifting so that they two had space together on the sofa as they drank their coffees. They didn't speak, but Danny pulled her legs up into her lap and they sat there, listening to the music and the sound of the other's breath as Danny kept a comforting hand on her legs. Both had to admit, that even at its worst this life wasn't half bad. They lay together like that for a while, until a song change caused Danny to perk up and look at her expectantly. Glenn Miller. A favourite of both of theirs. Sawyer wasn't even mildly surprised when he jumped up and held a hand out to her, his eyes bright. She might have been tempted to turn him down; she was tired and sore and the thoughts of any kind of movement didn't sound too appealing, but at that moment she couldn't bring herself to turn him down. She took his hand with a wry smile, as he pulled her up into position. They moved together easily; they always had. Things started off slowly, but it didn't take long before the two were spinning around her living room. Both laughed as they moved, just barely avoiding her furniture, but the potential for damage mattered less to them than the other cat they were pressed against. At those moments Sawyer lost all of her worries and sensibilities, and could feel herself wanting to spend all of their lives together like this more and more each moment. The pair came to a halt as the song ended, with his back against the wall and her face pressed into his shoulder, both still giggling at the remnants of adrenaline coursing through their veins. She looked up into his eyes and felt a sudden throb of love for the man; she couldn't even bring herself to feel ridiculous about this, as she leaned in and closed the gap between them with a kiss, which he returned eagerly. Both were brought back to reality with the harsh sound of the phone ringing. Sawyer was sorely tempted to just let it ring out, but the adult side of her brain took over. Pulling back from Danny, she walked over and picked up the receiver. Danny sighed as she pulled away, silently cursing whoever it was on the other end of the line. Moving away from the wall, he sat down and began fixing up his clothes, which had gotten somewhat disrupted during their activities. He glanced up quickly at Sawyer, and was struck by the way she looked. Eyes wide, face pale, barely containing her panic. Oh no . Danny shot up off the couch and over to her, placing his hands gently on her shoulders. It didn't seem as if she was saying much of anything. After what seemed like forever, Sawyer finally put down the phone. Time seemed to stretch on forever as she said nothing. Danny could feel the tension in her shoulders, and tried to think of what could have happened. He was struck by the look on Sawyer's face; shock with barely contained blind panic. 'Dad had a heart attack.'[Chapter 2] It was past four in the morning when Danny finally gave up on sleep. It had taken some time to bring Sawyer back to reality, and after that they had spent hours on the phone trying to get in contact with any family Sawyer had left in Boston, as well as calling the hospital in which Sawyer's father worked. Both proved useless, and by two both had agreed to head to sleep and then try again in the morning. Sleep came easier to Sawyer; as if the emotional exhaustion had pushed her over the edge into a deep sleep. Danny hadn't been as lucky. He pressed a soft kiss to Sawyer's forehead, and left for the living room. He hated feeling so useless. Normally he was the source of comfort; the person who never failed to cheer people up even in terrible situations. There was no use in that now. He may have tried to paint the best picture possible for her, but it didn't take long for both to realise that there were no positives to this situation. He began to clean what parts of her apartment he could., thinking back on the night's events. Sawyer hadn't mentioned wanting to go back to Boston, and he hadn't brought it up. Leaving now would mean that she would have to abandon their project right in the middle of production. Not only would that mean ticking off their producer; It would mean acknowledging just how bad things could be. That her Dad might die. Danny hadn't had the pleasure of meeting Jared; largely due to his own fears and insecurities that seemed so silly now. Now he might never get the chance. That made his heart ache in a way which he couldn't quite describe. Geez, if I'm like this I can only imagine how Sawyer feels. That thought made him stop. He could remember how upset he had been hearing that his little sister had broke her leg when he couldn't be there to help her, and that was nothing life threatening. Everyone had the right to be with the people they loved in their time of need, no matter the circumstances. Especially if it might be their last chance. Danny shot up from his seat, and hurried into the bedroom to pull on his jacket, suddenly grateful that they hadn't thought to undress. He glanced up at her clock. 4.45. If he was quick he could be back before seven. He leaned down to place a final, lingering kiss to Sawyer's head. 'I'll take care of everything' he whispered, before hurrying out the door and into the night. It was 6 pm by the time Sawyer's flight was called. The flight seemed to be pretty empty, so boarding wouldn't take too long. The waiting still left her too much time to think about everything. About her father, her career, Danny. Everything just felt like a bad dream. 'Your flight is booked for this evening. If we start packing now we can have you there in plenty of time. You'll be home with time to spare'. Sawyer stared down at the ticket in her hands, unsure of how to respond. she hadn't really thought of leaving as an option. 'Danny this is a lovely gesture but...I don't know if this is a good idea.' 'And what makes you say that?' 'Between you, the movie and everything I just don't know if this is-' She was cut off by Danny, who sat down and grabbed her two hands in hers. 'I'll be ok, LB can sort something out, and right now you shouldn't have to worry about anyone but your dad. Listen, you know that's where you want to be. And I'll be right here when you get back' He had been totally right, and she had let him drop her off with no resistance. She would miss him dearly, but it wasn't a time for romantic goodbyes. A day spent making endless phone calls which seemed to get them nowhere had left them both drained, to the point where it was tough to care about anything but getting her on that flight. She was relieved to board, and even more so to find that she had gotten a seat by herself at the back. She needed a little privacy. 'Excuse me, Miss McDermid?' Sawyer was alerted by a kind faced flight attendant standing over her, holding out a parcel. 'Your boyfriend left this with us this morning; he asked for it to be left with you'. Sawyer scarcely knew what to say, but managed to muster up the common sense to thank the woman before taking her package. Looking down, she noticed a small note addressed to her, and began to read. Sawyer, In here you'll find some supplies to keep you and your Dad going while you find your feet. Mom always said a good, easy meal was the best help during hard times, and I just hope she's right. Now on to the important stuff: Don't worry. Your Dad's a strong guy, and he'll make it. He's a doctor, and he knows how to take care of himself. And don't worry about the job, I'll take care of everything. And finally, don't worry about me. I'm a big boy, and I'll keep myself together until you get back. Don't worry more than you need to, and just remember I love you. Always will. Danny Sawyer stared down at the page, beginning to notice how her eyes stung. With shaking hands she put the letter back, and finally cried in earnest.[Chapter 3] Boston, MA No matter how many times Sawyer traveled by plane, she was always vaguely surprised by the discomfort it brought. It was as if the anticipation of what was to come negated all previous unpleasant memories, only to have them come flooding back mid-trip. The only difference here was that she was experiencing the wrong kind of anticipation. She had to admit that it was probably a blessing in disguise. It was easier to think of the ache in her back and her tired muscles than it was to think of her father, lying in his hospital bed in God knows what state. She always knew to appreciate a welcome distraction. She braced herself as her cab pulled up outside the hospital, just barely building up enough strength to force herself inside. She had finally managed to get in touch with someone at the hospital after landing, and had finally gotten some small bit of information about her father; stable, but had yet to regain consciousness. She didn't need to be a doctor to know that, in situations like this, it was better if people woke up. It didn't take her long to find her Dad's room. She had spent half of her childhood wandering around this place after him. She even remembered him finding a spare stethoscope and white coat for her on long days so she could join in. Sawyer distinctly remembered the adventures of Doctors J. and S. McDermid being a real hit among her father's older patients. That world seemed miles away at that moment, as she barely forced herself into his room. She had known what to expect on a theoretical level; the machines, the bed, the patient. It was a very different experience when the patient was your own father. Pale, small and fragile; he didn't cut the same fine figure of a man that she was used to. Sitting down gently on the edge of his bed, she placed a hand softly on his cheek. Was it really possible that this was a man still in his forties? Jared had always been a fine looking man; lean, strong and handsome, with a kind of confidence befitting his intelligence. She barely recognised him in the frail man lying before her. All cynicism aside, part of her had hoped for a movie ending; he would sit up, stirred by the voice of his child, and everything would be normal. It didn't take long for it to become clear to her that it wouldn't happen. She didn't see herself leaving until it did. Sighing, Sawyer pulled a spare seat as close to her father as possible, leaning in to place a soft kiss to his forehead. 'I'm not going anywhere'. Hollywood, CA Danny awoke with a start at the sound of a knock at his door, and wondered briefly what cruel god it was that refused to let him sleep beyond seven. Sleeping hadn't been easy last night, but the exhaustion of the previous days seemed to hit him all at once, sending him off. Clearly there was no hope of him getting anything beyond the bare minimum he needed. He rose solemnly, and rushed to open the door as quickly as he could, just to end the banging. Admittedly, whatever small amount of annoyance he felt disappeared quickly after opening his doors to reveal Tillie and Pudge, and he invited them both in happily. The trio spoke about Sawyer for some time. Danny had contacted those two at the studio, and both had been dying of curiosity ever since. It was something of a wonder that she had been able to contain herself. At that moment she seemed particularly caught up in the contents of the care package she was going to send his way. 'Well, I figured food wouldn't hold up all the way, but it gets so cold in Boston this time of year that I was thinking of sending him some of my knitting! I think a nice sweater or something might do just the trick!' 'And you came here to ask me about sewing patterns?' Danny asked, a teasing smile on his face. It was good to have a normal conversation. Or at least a normal conversation by Tillie's standards. The pair opposite him exchanged a definite Look at that, shifting uncomfortably in their chairs. 'Well, that isn't the only reason. We were talking with L.B. last night, and he was saying that you two couldn't show up yesterday, and that Sawyer wouldn't be available...' 'That's right. And what did he mean by that?' 'Well...he just said some of the backers were getting a little hot under the collar, y'know? About whether or not Sawyer would be back. He kinda wanted you to meet with them this morning.' Danny sat back for a moment, taking in what they just said. Suddenly he sat forward, shaking his head with a smile. 'You guys worry too much! Sure, they'll have to change some schedules, but it can't be too serious! I'll go in now and sort everything out!' Tillie and Pudge simply smiled at that, but neither could really wipe the worry off their face. 'Hope you're right.' Danny had to admit that the meeting appeared to far more sombre than he had hoped for. Not only was there L.B, but there was also a roomful of the backers from their current film. He suddenly understood why Sawyer had called the all grey faced. He took his seat, staring out into the sea of faces in front of him, without seeing one that looked remotely pleased. L.B. looked as if he wanted to say something, before he was cut off by one of the backers, who leaned across the table to stare him in the eyes. 'Would you like to tell me how it is we're supposed to rescue this movie?'[Chapter 4] Boston, MA She always found it hard to sleep after her mother died. Her mom had always been the one to tuck her in before bed, and somehow among all of the changes their lives had undergone that seems the biggest. Ghosts seemed to lurk between those four walls, and her protector had joined them. Her father had begun to notice the change in her; just how tired she looked. Still, it was a surprise to hear her door creak open one night soon after the funeral. There stood Jared, with the same worry writ across his face that had been there for months. He closed the space between him and the bed in a number of short steps, and sat down gently at the edge of her bed, facing her. Softly, he reached out an arm to stroke the fur on the top of her head gently, and began a slow hum. The sing was something sweet and sad, and reminded her of her mother even without having heard it. It didn't take long for it to work, as she began to slowly drift off to- Sawyer awoke with a start, with the realisation that she wasn't living the cosy dream she was having. The nurses at her Dad's hospital knew her well, and didn't have the heart to kick her out. She had fallen asleep a few hours after arriving, in as uncomfortable as a person could be, leaning off of her chair with her head resting on his bed. Suddenly, she realised she shared one thing in common with that memory. The hand on the back of her head. She sat up with a bolt, grabbing that hand and holding it in a vice grip. He lay back on the bed, looking ten years older than he had ever looked before, with the frailest smile she had ever seen. Still, he was there and awake and alive and Sawyer didn't think she had ever seen anything more beautiful in her life. She took that hand and held it to her cheek, squeezing her eyes tight to stop herself from crying. He seemed to use all of his energy to smirk up at his daughter. 'Expecting the worst?' Sawyer stood back and watched as a nurse treated her father. There was little that could be done for him bar morphine and bedrest, and he was getting both with great generosity. His nurse sat back, and glanced between the pair of them. 'Well, Dr. McDermid, everything seems to be in order. Just relax and get that daughter to spoil you!' She said, shooting a wink at Sawyer before leaving them alone. Sawyer stepped forward and sat at the end of his bed, take him in. 'You know, you could have woken me up before. I flew out all this way to see you.' 'You looked tired. I figured you could use the rest.' She sat down at the edge of his bed, and took one of his hands in her own. 'You're one to talk'. She was right. Even with his hectic schedule, he always carried a certain type of energy. That was totally gone now, replaced with a look of near total exhaustion. She kissed the back of her father's hand softly, trying to take in all of the vast differences contained in his face. 'Dad...can I ask you something?' 'Shoot' 'Do you remember how you, you know...got in this position?'. The staff at the hospital hadn't been able to give her a definitive answer, only that he had been found by one of the nurses. 'Well...there's only so much I remember.' he shifted uncomfortably in his bed. 'I was on duty and started to feel a little faint, so I went into one of the break rooms for a nap. Then I just remember Next time I came to, you were here.' He smiled softly at that, giving her hand a light squeeze. Sawyer took a deep breath, and tried to process that. 'I just don't get it...You're a healthy guy, and you've never had anything like this before. How does this just happen?' 'I don't know what to tell you sweetheart. I've been working pretty long hours, and I guess they must have caught up with me.' Sawyer shot him a mildly annoyed look at that. 'Aw Dad, you said you weren't going to do that anymore! No one can work 12 hours a day, every day. It's no wonder you'd get sick.' 'Here now, that's not exactly fair! It isn't like I have anything else to fill my time, and I'm more than capable of doing this.' 'Clearly you aren't! If you were you wouldn't be here!' 'Well, I'd rather do what I do and be here now, than be at home and have nothing to do!' Sawyer sighed, noticing how worked up her father was getting. 'Okay, okay...I really don't think now is the right time to fight.' 'Heh, agreed.' 'Okay, I'm going to go home and get some of your stuff. Will you be okay without me.' 'I'll manage.' He smiled up at her. 'Listen darling...Thanks, for coming back. I know you had a lot to leave behind. I wouldn't have expected this.' 'Dad, of course I was going to be back. I love you, I'm always gonna take care of you.' She stood up, preparing to leave. 'Don't worry about anything Dad. I'm here for a long time. You'll have someone to take care of things.' Los Angeles, CA 'I can't decide if this proves you're a fool, or that true love exists. Probably both.' Tillie swatted Cranston on the back of the head, giving him a gentle (Well, as gentle as Tillie could be) warning. Danny only managed to return a soft smile, clearly lacking the energy to return anything more than that. The backers on his latest project had been less than thrilled with Sawyer's departure, and seemed to be holding him personally responsible. His schedule had been changed to try and shoot any of his scenes without Sawyer first, but that could only last so long. Soon they would need her, and that would prove more than difficult. None of them had wanted to talk about the possibility of Sawyer not being able to make it back in time, which was more than likely. The backers were furious, and had made it clear that they would make life difficult if she didn't come back. Danny stood up. 'I'm gonna give her a call. See what's happening.' Danny stepped outside Pinky's and into the warm night air, coming into contact quickly with a payphone. He dialed the number, and after several rings he was beginning to give up hope when someone picked up. 'McDermid residence, Sawyer speaking,' 'Very formal Sawyer, I don't think I've ever heard you be so polite.' 'Daniel Scott Gene Kelly' she said, voice as warm as either of them had ever heard it, 'If it wasn't for you getting me here I wouldn't put up with your guff.' 'Yes you would, you think I'm cute.' 'Just a little' she paused. 'It's really good to hear from you' 'Ditto. How's your Dad?' She sighed. 'He's awake, speaking and everything. The nurses sent me home for the night, they said he needed his sleep.' Danny perked up at that. 'That's great news! Jeez, I was expecting worse news than that! Does this mean we might be seeing you back home sooner than expected?' He could hear her shuffling at the other end. 'That last part could be a problem. He's still so sick, and he's going to need a lot of taking care of. There isn't really anyone but me to do that.' 'I understand.' 'It isn't just that. He just seems so...lonely. I mean, this happened because he was working himself to death. I don't know when I can get out of here.' 'Listen, don't worry about anything. You need to take care of you Dad, we can take care of everything on this end. He should be the only thing you're worried about.' 'Heh, you know how to treat a girl right Mr. Kelly.' 'So I've been told...I miss you.' 'And I miss you.' 'I'll call soon. I love you.' She chuckled. 'Ditto'.[Chapter 5] Los Angeles, CA If Danny had been told 2 weeks previously that a break in shooting would fill him with dread, he would have laughed. That was before he was (or at least felt) responsible for someone else's career. Especially when that person was his girlfriend. This was how he had managed to find himself sitting across from L.B. Mammoth and several of the backers, none of whom seemed happy. One of the backer leaned towards him. 'Mr. Kelly, you assured us that if we gave you some time that Ms. McDermid would be able to get back here and finish filming. We gave you time, and where is she? Nowhere to be found.' 'Well, sir, you have to understand that her father is really ill. You can't expect-' 'Oh believe me, we can expect. We're here hemorrhaging money while she's gone. And if we continue to lose money we will expect there to be consequences for her. Do you understand me?' Danny had nothing to say to that, and could only manage a nod in reply. 'Very good. You can leave now, and be sure not to disappoint us.' Danny didn't have the will to stop and talk to anyone after his meeting, and had breezed by all of his friends. Once he arrived home he flopped down on his couch, not wanting to see or hear from anyone. Up until that point he had truly believed that everything would work out, that Sawyer would either come back or that the backers would come to their senses. It was only at that moment that he began to realise that he had failed. He promised he would take care of everything, and he hadn't. Never in his life and he felt so- *RingRing* Danny sighed, and dearly wanted to not answer. At that moment sitting back and ignoring everyone for a night. It was only the slim possibility that it might be Sawyer on a late night call that made him answer. 'Danny-boy, how the hell are ya?' Danny smiled. Ben was one of his older brothers, and as much as he could be a pain in the butt, he was the kind of guy you would want to talk to at a time like this. 'Benjamin! How's the family?' 'Not too bad. Nancy may have me killed if we don't have a baby by this time next year, so that's been taking up most of my time.' 'It's a hard life. Mom and Dad?' 'They're good, worried about you. Mom wanted me to ask if you knew what Sawyer's dad eats; she's putting together a care package.' 'Of course she is. That why you called?' 'I just wanted to hear what's happening.' 'Well, Sawyer's dad is getting out of hospital today. She's relieved, as you can imagine.' 'You don't sound very happy. Hoping she might have some inheritance coming her way?' Danny frowned at that. 'That isn't funny. Let's just say that the studio ain't too happy about the way things have worked out. I'm starting to worry that her contract with Mammoth Studios won't last too long.' 'Her Dad nearly died, Jesus! What kind of jackasses are you working for?' 'I ask myself that every day.' Ben sighed. 'What are you gonna do?' Danny ran a hand over his face, trying to process his thoughts. 'I don't know. She kinda knows how bad things are, but I don't know if I should tell her everything. She's under enough pressure. We all are.' 'Dan, can I ask you something?' something changed in his voice at that moment, but Danny couldn't place what. 'Shoot.' 'What are you still doing there?' Danny was surprised by that. 'Excuse me?' 'Why haven't you gone to be with her?' 'Ben, it isn't that-' 'Listen, I know how difficult it must be for you both right now. All I'm saying is, if it was Nancy, I would drop anything to be with her. And I know you think the same way I do.' 'Listen, I can't just leave.' 'I know you can't. I don't know your life. But just think about what I said.' Boston, MA Sawyer pushed her father's front door open with great enthusiasm. 'Welcome home, Dr. McDermid! It's time for you to remember what it's like to actually be at home. Not that you did much of that in the first place.' Jared chuckled and took his first step inside. He was finally starting to look better, with a bit of colour coming back to his face. He may not have looked as dapper as he had before, but he was getting there. He threw himself down on the couch, getting a head start on some of the rest that his doctors had insisted upon. He didn't even stop to look at any of the presents his family had sent. Sawyer grinned down at him. 'Have you finally embraced relaxation as a way of life?' 'I could certainly get used to this. Sit with me?' She sat down at the end of the couch, and smiled at her dad. He returned her smile, but then shifted up, clearly having something he wanted to ask. 'So, when are you going back?' 'Whenever you don't need me anymore.' 'And what about your career?' 'That's something that neither of us should be worried about right now.' He chuckled. 'And what about that young man of yours?' Sawyer tried to smile, but it was troubled. 'He'll be fine. If he really loves me, he won't mind. And I know he does.' He sat up, and looked at her directly in the eyes. 'Sweetheart, that isn't the way life works. It isn't fair for you two to be separated.' 'I have two important men in my life. Right now, I need to be with you.' 'Hmm...It's a shame it can't be both.' Sawyer swatted him gently. 'If we were able to both be here, we would. Believe me, that would be my preference.[Chapter 6] Boston, MA 'Will you please just call Danny; I don't know if I can stand watching you mope around all day.' Sawyer swatted at her father gently, which made him laugh. He was mostly teasing, but there was more than a grain of truth in what he was saying. She was used to seeing Danny everyday, and taking a break from that was proving difficult. Whatever pride had kept her from immediately accepting her father's suggestion went quickly, and soon she had left the room to find the phone (much to Jared's amusement). It was 7am LA time, the farm boy should be awake. Her logic seemed accurate, as he answered after the first ring. 'Hm, eager to hear from me Mr. Kelly?' 'Sawyer?' he asked, a note of surprise in his voice, 'Didn't think I'd be hearing from you this early.' 'I figured I'd catch you before you left...you okay?' 'Yeah, yeah...little trouble with the studio, but I'll take care of it.' Ah. That made sense. Clearly things were not running as smoothly as he had been letting on. 'Danny, you know you can tell me if anything's wrong.' 'You don't need to worry about it. You need to think of your Dad; nothing down here that I can't handle!' He was trying to put some of his trademark enthusiasm in, and was failing. 'I take it the studio is even less happy with me that we expected.' 'Listen, they may not be thrilled, but I swear to you that I'll handle it. You've gotta leave this one up to me if you want to focus on your Dad...Trust me?' 'You know I do.' Los Angeles, CA 'Wait wait wait. So you're telling me you want to confront these clowns?' 'That's the plan!' Danny and the gang sat gathered around a table at Pinky's Diner, and discussed Danny's plans for dealing with the backers. Cranston thought the word 'plan' was being used very generously. Danny gave each of them an eager smile. 'Come on, they must know how much money Sawyer brings in for the studio. They aren't gonna get rid of her over one stupid delay. They know they've got us both scared, and I'm gonna show them I'm not afraid!' Pudge beamed. 'So you really think they're gonna do it?' 'Why not? The amount of money they'd make off this picture'll outweigh any extra costs by at least ten to one! It's a no brainer.' Woolie didn't seem to share Danny's confidence. 'And supposing they don't go for any of this? What do we do then?' Danny went silent for a moment, draining his coffee to give himself a moment to think. 'I'll think about that when it happens.' 'I'm sorry, what? ' Before filming had even begun they had all been warned about Edward Muntz who, in the words of L.B. Mammoth, was 'the most miserable son-of-a-bitch I or anyone else is ever likely to meet'. In that moment that became all too clear to Danny. 'Well, sir...' he faltered briefly, and tried to regain any small piece of composure he started out with, 'I just think that it'll save you a lot of cash if you could just move production. I mean, if you scrap production altogether then you're just left with a whole lot of useless footage. You could just-' Muntz put his hand up, silencing Danny. 'You think this is only about money? No, this is about teaching you good for nothing freeloaders a lesson. You animals think you can just take us for a ride? We're running a business here Mist-' 'You animals?' Danny sat forward, closing the distance between the two. 'And what exactly does species have to do with my girlfriend's father nearly dying?' 'Don't give me any of that crap. Typical of an animal, using a lame excuse to get out of doing a honest days work.' In that moment Danny suddenly became aware of how everyone in the room seemed to have faded into the background. He pulled himself out of his chair, and began to gather his things. 'What do you think you're doing?! Sit down, boy!' 'With all due respect, you have no right to speak to me that way.' 'Like hell I don't! If you-' 'Mr. Muntz, you are willing to jeopardize both this movie and all of these people's money just to prove a point. I don't think we have anything left to talk about.' Danny was prepared to leave, when he turned to look at the other people present. He paused for a moment to consider what he wanted to say, before addressing them. 'Listen, her career won't end because of this. You can get L.B. to let her go, but do you really believe that she won't be picked up again in a heartbeat?' Danny stepped forward, looking at each member imploringly. 'If she goes, me and every other animal actor in this place are gonna follow sooner or later. Don't let some racist old fool stop this film from happening. You're either gonna end up with a wonderful film or some useless footage.' Danny stepped out of the room, before turning around one last time to look L.B. in the eyes. 'Think about it.' Boston, MA Sawyer sighed in frustration as she hauled a criminally large number of shopping bags along with her. Jared still had to get as much rest as he possibly could, which meant that he had been left behind to sleep while she went out to do whatever errands needed to be done. Far from her favourite way to spend a Saturday afternoon. In truth, more of her frustration was coming from the fact that she hadn't been able to contact Danny for a couple of days. She had tried his apartment more times that she could keep track of, with no luck. All of their friends had played their cards pretty close to their chests, leaving Sawyer feeling endlessly frustrated. Sawyer rooted for the keys in her pocket, frustration mounting. It wasn't like it was hard to just call someone and let them know what was going on. As if she didn't have enough to cope with, her boyfriend could at least-' She paused as she reached her Father's gate. There sitting on his doorstep was the most beautiful, wonderful, frustrating man she had ever known. Her Danny. He shot up when he saw her, removing his hat to play with it nervously. 'I looked in the window and saw that your Dad was asleep, I didn't want to-' He never got a chance to finish that sentence, as Sawyer took off, and threw her arms around him while placing a hard kiss to his lips. Danny didn't complain, and returned the greeting with as much enthusiasm as he could muster. Sawyer pressed a number of short, soft kisses to his lips before they broke apart in earnest. Danny smiled down at her, and felt his arm being grabbed. Sawyer led him in her front door by the arm, shooting him a soft smile which said that he brought this on himself. 'Dad, you awake? There's someone special I want you to meet...'[Chapter 7] Boston, MA 'You're absolutely sure he liked me?' 'He does, but I'm not sure if I will if you ask me again.' 'At this point I think impressing him is more important than impressing you. You have to like me by now, he's still on the fence.' Sawyer laughed, and closed the small distance between them to kiss Danny softly. 'It's cute how you think you've finished wooing me.' The pair lay together in Sawyer's childhood bed, huddled close together as they chattered softly about the recent events. Particularly the recent introduction of the two men in Sawyer's life. Danny started sweating bullets the moment he was brought into that house. When he was outside it was easier to occupy himself with thoughts of Sawyer (and whether or not she would kill him for showing up unannounced). The fact that everything up to that point had gone far better than expected only seemed to increase his anxiety. It was rare for Danny Kelly to be lucky twice in one day. Sawyer gave him a smile which was somehow both comforting and filled with a kind of delight caused by the knowledge of the discomfort he was about to go through. Every inch of that smile told him that he had brought all of this on himself. 'Dad, you awake? There's someone special I want you to meet...'' Sawyer grabbed his arm more tightly and yanked him to her side, clearly not willing to give him any opportunity to escape. Smart girl. Danny glanced around the living room as he was dragged in. There was the expected, furniture and various family photos and mementos. Then there came the slightly more unusual; the floor was littered with various medications and the couch had been turned into a makeshift bed to save Sawyer's dad the stress of climbing up to his own room. Danny only barely took these features in however, as he was more distracted by Dr. Jared McDermid. Admittedly the man was far less intimidating than he may have been on any other day before all of this. He sat unshaven and in his pyjamas, clearly too tired to view the world as sharply as he would have normally liked. Still, he carried the same presence with him that his daughter did, and that was enough to send any potential son-in-law into a state of panic. Jared glanced up at his daughter, and seemed to take a few moments to understand the significance of the man standing next to her. He seemed nearly as shocked as Danny felt, but recovered quickly. 'Well, well...this is a surprise.' He sounded calm, and shot Danny a reassuring smile. He felt any man who had had the experience of meeting his in-laws for the first time should display the same sympathy. He closed the gap between them to shake Danny's hand firmly. 'Welcome to my home, please know that you're welcome here for as long as you like'. He gave Danny's hand what he hoped was a reassuring squeeze before letting him go. Danny gulped, determined to at least keep his voice at a normal level. 'It's a pleasure to meet you Dr. McDermid...I really hope I'm not intruding.' Jared laughed, clapping Danny on the back, 'It's Jared, and you definitely are not. Besides, I think Sawyer and I might need someone else to talk to before we get sick of each other's company', he said, giving his daughter a soft wink. Jared put a hand in Danny's back and motioned him gently towards his kitchen, 'Come on, I have a cheesecake in the fridge. I've heard you have a sweet-tooth, so this should be perfect getting-to-know-you food for the three of us.' Danny beamed, clearly thrilled that the man had yet to murder him. 'Sounds perfect to me!' 'And to me...by the way, could I possibly get your parent's address? I wanted to thank them for the sweater they sent...Sawyer always did say that red was my colour.' The three chatted well into the evening, before exhaustion finally took over Jared and he was forced to return to his bed. After what felt like hours of Sawyer convincing Danny that of course her dad wouldn't care of they shared a bed, they headed off too. That wasn't to say that much sleep was actually happening. 'I just wanted to make sure I made a good first impression. If I don't win him over that's 100% of your immediate family who hate me. There's a little bit of pressure.' Sawyer laughed, 'I have like 10 times as many people to impress on your side, you don't get to complain.' She leaned up to kiss him again, 'Besides, you flew across the country to be with me. It's not like he's gonna think you don't care.' That did help him, and he leaned in for one last kiss, before stalling. 'You sure you don't wanna talk about the stud-' Before he could finish, Sawyer wrapped a hand around the back of his neck and pulled her in for a firm kiss. 'Not right now...' Danny woke with a start, only to find that it was barely 4 am. He sighed at that; a mixture of a change in time-zones and a strange sleeping pattern meant he felt fresh as a daisy, worse luck. He stood up, prepared to get a drink from the kitchen to at least fill some time. He at least had a vague idea of where the kitchen was, and attempted to find a glass for himself when-. 'You couldn't sleep either?' Danny jumped and spun around, only to be met by the form of Jared, sitting at his table and doing damage to what was left of the cheesecake. Jared smirked at him in a way which bore an uncanny resemblance to Sawyer, but was kind enough to drop it after that. 'Join me? I'll feel better about finishing this thing if someone else at least helps me.' 'Be happy to!' Danny chose a seat opposite Jared, before beginning work on the dessert. 'Not exactly part of the heart attack diet, huh?' Jared laughed, 'Definitely, but I think I may have to kill someone if I see another salad. Your mom sent a box of cookies in her package that I had to hide from Sawyer. I need this.' Danny laughed, 'Your secret's safe with me, sir!' 'Much obliged...and it's always Jared to you, my boy.' The pair ate in silence for a few moments, when Jared turned to look at Danny. 'Listen...I don't want to panic you or anything, but there is something I wanted to say to you.' Uh-oh. Danny gulped, barely meeting the older man's gaze. 'Sure, what is it?' 'Don't worry, it isn't anything bad...' he took another bite before continuing. 'Listen, not many man would have gone out of their way to be here, and certainly not many of the men Sawyer has dated...I just wanted you to know that, I've never seen Sawyer this way before. I think you're good for each other.' Danny blushed, 'Why, thank you-' 'Basically you two have my permission to start popping out grandkids for me as soon as you like.' Danny choked on the piece of cake in his mouth, only to feel Jared's hand coming round to clap him on the back. 'Sorry about that, I suppose you probably see Sawyer didn't get any kind of sentimental side from me.' Danny managed to regain his composure, as he gave Jared a weak smile. 'I think we're probably gonna get married before that becomes an issue, but we'll be sure to let you know'. Jared beamed, 'Oh, so it's marriage you're thinking of then?' Whatever reply Danny may have given was cut off by the sound of a light switch being flipped; soon Sawyer appeared in the doorway, wrapped in a bathrobe and looking moderately unimpressed. She glanced between the food and the two guilty faces staring back at her. 'You would think a doctor would take better care of himself.' 'Worst case scenario, we could always turn to Disney.' 'Stop, there's a time and place for twee, but I don't think I could face it on a day-to-day basis.' One could only deny reality for so long, and by the following morning both Danny and Sawyer had accepted the fact that they may have to consider alternate plans for if (and as far as they were concerned, when) Mammoth Studios terminated their contracts. They knew that getting hired shouldn't be nearly as difficult as choosing somewhere they would both enjoy. Danny threw an arm around Sawyer. 'I think we're just going to end up picking somewhere out of a hat when the time comes. We might as well give it a rest.' 'Couldn't agree more. So how do you plan on spending the day then?' 'Well, I-' The pair were interrupted by the entrance of Jared, 'Hey, did either of you order a cab?' The pair looked at each other, confused, 'Nope', Sawyer said, 'why do you ask?' 'Cause there's one waiting outside for you. Told me to mention someone called Peebo Pudgemeyer.' The cab ride passed in relative silence. Their driver didn't even have much to tell them, bar the name of the caller and the location. Why on earth Pudge was sending them to some warehouse on the opposite side of town was beyond either of them. They paid the driver, and began to walk towards the building, still unsure of why it was they were there. 'Hey, they're here!' a small voice yelled out. The couple turned at that, only to be met with the site of their friends. Cranston, Woolie, Pudge...they had all made it out. They barely had time to process it before Tillie rushed over to cover both of their eyes. 'No questions, and no peeking! Oh, I hope you're going to love this!' They could scarcely have gotten in a question of they had tried, as they were both half dragged towards an undisclosed location. The only hint was the sound of a warehouse door being rolled back when suddenly-. Tillie released the two, and they struggled to regain their composure. Pulling themselves together, they looked up and- They could barely believe their eyes. The sets, camera equipment, actors...everything was there. They glanced back at the others, as if asking for permission, before heading out to explore. The two found themselves standing in front of the set. Admittedly, there was far less there than there was in the Mammoth Studios set, but what they had managed to actually get out there was amazing. Danny was about to speak when the pair both felt hands being placed on their shoulders. They turned to find themselves facing LB Mammoth. He removed the cigar from his mouth to speak. 'Let's just say that Muntz was put firmly in his place after Danny left...Get yourselves into hair and makeup and we can get this show on the road.'[Chapter 8] 'That's a wrap folks!' A cheer erupted after that which seemed to spread like wildfire, seeming to leave a miniature celebration in its wake. The last several weeks had brought a great deal of uncertainty, and the knowledge that there would definitely be a paycheck coming their way was the best news many of them could have hoped for. Danny, Sawyer, and the gang found each other. Their joy was so abundant they could almost taste it, and they began pulling each other (even Cranston) into tight hugs. No matter the cost of their coup, this was done. They had finished this. They were primed and ready to head out for a drink, a final hurrah to celebrate their finished product, when they heard a voice call out behind them. 'Excuse me, may I speak to Danny and Sawyer? It should only take a minute.' LB stood behind them, clearly looking as uncomfortable with the celebrations as any man in that situation could. They could only imagine how furious Muntz must have been - There was a huge difference in emotion in that room. Danny and Sawyer exchanged weary looks as they approached him. It wasn't that they expected to get away totally unacathed; they just hoped to maybe get a couple of days where they didn't have to think about it. As if they had ever been so lucky. Sawyer was the first to step forward. 'So, what's the bad news.' LB chuckled. 'Well, I don't know if I would call it bad...Listen, Muntz isn't happy. If he had it his way there would be no animals in Hollywood. To be blunt, he wants you both to have your asses handed to you.' 'I'm not sure how this isn't bad news.' 'I'm getting there. The point is, we aren't listening. Mammoth Pictures is much more than him, and you two are worth ten times what he is. He might have had the kind of clout he thinks he has ten years ago, but not now.' Danny paused, a grin starting to spread across his face, 'So what you're saying is...' LB, despite his best efforts, couldn't help but return the smile, 'What I'm saying is...you two need not worry about your futures here at Mammoth Pictures.' Before he knew it LB had two sets of arms thrown around him, and was drawn into one of the tightest hugs the man had ever experienced. Sawyer leaned forward to peck him on the cheek, 'Thank you Mr. Mammoth, you won't regret this!' 'I know that.' Neither Danny or Sawyer had any real plan for how long they were going to stay in Boston. The initial plan had been to just stay around for as long as Jared needed them, but that moment came sooner than any of them had expected. Soon he was back working, and they were leaving. They left on a fine Saturday morning, and it seemed as if Danny was left to do most of the carrying of supplies. 'I'll never not be surprised by the amount of stuff you can accumulate in such a short time' 'Quiet you', she said with a laugh, before turning back to her Dad, 'You're sure you'll be okay here without us?' It was amazing how much better Jared looked. His weight was up and the colour was back in his face; he seemed to be carrying the same sort of dignity with him that he did before he got sick. 'Of course. I'm starting to work again; I can't have you two sitting here bored all day. Who knows what you'll get up to?' Sawyer laughed, giving her father's arm a gentle squeeze. 'And you swear you won't overwork yourself again?' 'Definitely not. I got used to being lazy, I don't know if I could handle stress again.' Sawyer heard Danny loading their final supplies into a taxi and begin the climb up their front steps. 'Well in that case, we have nothing left to say but goodbye. Jared and Sawyer hugged each other tightly, holding on for just a few seconds longer than would be okay in any situation besides that one, Jared gave her one final squeeze as he let go, 'I'll be sure to visit more, okay.' 'And I'll be sure to call more. I love you, Dad.' 'I love you too, girl.' Jared looked over to see Danny in the corner, shuffling uncomfortably at the scene he saw before him, 'Sorry, didn't mean to intrude.' Jared laughed, motioning him towards him. They had gotten close over the last while, but he never ceased to be amused by Danny's discomfort when he believed himself to be bothering him, 'Come here Dan, give me a proper goodbye.' Danny pulled the other man into a hug, 'Thanks for having me Jared, there was no need too.' 'Happy to have you here. Besides, Sawyer probably would have killed me if she didn't have you to keep her company.' The two broke apart, and Jared glanced between the other two people happily. 'Be sure to call me if any of the things Danny and I spoke about come to fruition.' Sawyer looked between the two, smirking, 'Oh? And what exactly were-' Danny launched forward to grab her hand, 'Nothing, not important. Hey, we'd better get out of here!' He got this all out in a rush, dragging her towards the cab. Sawyer laughed at that, 'You two are so strange[Chapter 9] 'Sawyer! You gonna be long? We need to get going soon if we want to beat traffic!' Sawyer glanced out the window to where Danny stood, leaned against his car and looking antsy. The gang had decided to stay in the mountains for the holidays, and Danny was anxious to get up there early. Sawyer waved him off for a few minutes, and went back to her phone conversation. She could hear Jared laughing, 'He is right you know, you do need to get out early. Hell, I'm leaving here soon. Did you even let him call his folks?' 'Yes...briefly. Don't judge me...You sure you don't mind spending Christmas apart?' 'You kidding? I'll miss you, but there's no way I'm passing up a chance at Christmas in the Caribbean. Besides, you two should spend Christmas together.' Jared's brother had invited him to accompany his family down to the Bahamas for Christmas, and Danny's family had been equally scattered, as people went to stay with their in-laws. It seemed like the obvious choice had been to plan Christmas with their friends; from that it was decided that they would rent a few cabins up in the Rockies and spend Christmas there. 'Come on, don't act like you don't want to spend Christmas with your boyfriend.' 'It's not that I don't, just want to make sure you're okay.' 'I'll be fine. You run off and join himself. Call James' once you arrive.' 'Can do.' 'And we have snow!' Danny slowed down the car, allowing them to take in the white flakes falling around their car. Almost as soon as they hit the Rockies the sky had opened; admittedly, that had been one of the main reasons why they had made the tip. Both had grown up in places which got more than their fair share of snow, and Christmas wouldn't have felt the same without it. Sawyer looked out, a big grin on her face. 'This is all I wanted. Just feels right, you know?' 'Course I do! It's like Christmas in Kokomo; except for that time we got a foot of snow on Christmas Eve and had to spend half the night clearing a path. This is just pleasant.' They drove in silence for a few minutes, as Danny took off onto the less travelled roads and Sawyer continued to look out the window. This continued on for a few moments, when Danny reached out a hand to link his fingers with Sawyer's. Sawyer felt the need to give him one of her trademark smirks before accepting the gesture as it was given. She took up his hand to place a kiss to the back of it, 'Very sweet, Mr. Kelly.' 'Heh, just wanted you to know I'm thinking of you', silence fell on them again for a moment. 'Listen, I'm really glad we're doing this. I know we're both going to miss our folks, but...you know, there isn't anyone else I'd rather...' 'I know what you mean', she gave his hand a soft squeeze. 'And for the record, you know I feel-' *BANG* Their conversation was interrupted by the sound of a loud pop coming from underneath them. Danny seemed to lose control for a moment, before managing to guide it to the side of the road. Sawyer stepped out of the car, 'What the hell was that?' Danny unbuckled himself, opening his door in the process, 'Not sure. Sounded like a tire.' Sure enough Danny was right, except it was two tires instead of one. Fabulous. She sighed, 'Do you have a spare?' 'I have one, not two?' 'You think we would get there on one?' 'Not on these roads. It was hard enough to keep the thing steady anyway'. Sawyer frowned, looking down both ends of the street. It was pretty empty, and had been for as long as either of them had been on it. Any hope of someone coming to rescue them was slim. 'I think our best bet is probably finding a payphone. You see one on the way?' Danny shook his head. 'Didn't see one on the way, but that doesn't mean there wasn't one. Guard the car while I'm gone? Shouldn't be more than twenty minutes.' They decided it was the best bet, and Danny took off as Sawyer set up camp in the car. It shouldn't take too long. It shouldn't take an hour to find a payphone, Sawyer thought, gnawing at her lip. The fool probably went and got lost. I always told him not to talk to strangers. Deep down Sawyer knew that she was only getting mad at him because it was easier than being worried, but if she admitted that the fear would set in. It was creeping up on two hours since she had seen him, and she had yet to see any sign of life. Specifically Danny. Every minute she tried to calm herself, and each minute the panic grew. Jesus, would he not have known to turn back if it had taken him so long to find anything? It was freezing out there, and it wasn't as if he had much meat on his bones to keep him warm. The car was far from toasty, but it was enough. He should know better. Hell, who knows what kind of person could be out there? They were so far from anywhere, and just because she hadn't seen anyone didn't mean there weren't any weirdos lurking. In the amount of time he was gone he could have found any kind of creep, he could be- *knockknock* She nearly flew out of her seat at that, throwing a frantic glance at whoever it was getting into their car, only to find a sweet, orange furred, green eyed man staring back at her. 'Sorry, didn't mean to scare ya! It took me awhile to find a phone and then I took a wrong turn-' Danny was cut off by Sawyer, who threw her arms around his neck and pulled him into a hard kiss, holding a hand to the back of his neck to prevent him from moving (Not that he wanted to). Finally the pair pulled apart for air, resting their foreheads against the other's. 'Jesus Danny, don't ever scare me like that again.' She muttered, trying to regain her composure. Danny pulled back, a broad smile on his face. 'If that was my reward every time I'd be tempted.' He leaned forward to place a kiss to her cheek, 'Anyway, the guy said the should be here with a spare in like an hour'. Sawyer breathed a sigh of relief, resting her head back against the headrest, 'Thank god...still, I don't know if I can sit here for another hour. Lie with me in the back?' 'Gladly!' 'You know, this is actually pretty comfy.' 'I can't believe we're only making this discovery now.' The couple had managed to set up a makeshift rest area, and it was serving them well. It could never be said that they weren't resourceful. Despite the panic she had felt minutes before, Sawyer was now struggling to remember a time she felt more at ease. Help was coming, shared body heat was keeping her nice and toasty, and she was cuddling with her boyfriend. She could think of worse ways to spend a Saturday. Still, complacency had never been her strong suit. She sat up, and leaned over Danny, faces scant centimetres apart. 'Can I tell you something?'. 'Shoot.' 'I never thanked you. You know, for showing up at Dad's when you did. Not many men would have, and I truly do realise how-' Danny blushed, 'Aw Sawyer, you don't need to do this.' 'I do. I dated some terrible guys before you Danny. You are so vastly out of their league. I don't tell you enough, but you are wonderful. You're the first person I've ever met who I could imagine spending the rest of my life with.' Danny closed the distance between them with a soft kiss, 'I love you.' Sawyer chuckled, 'I guess that's basically what I'm trying to say.' 'Good, we agree then.' Something strange came over his face in that moment, as if he was seeing something different in her for the first time. Sawyer smiled, 'Penny for your thoughts?' 'Well...it's just what you said about, you know, spending our lives...' Sawyer smirked, 'Spit it out Dan.' 'Well...what are your current opinions on that?' Sawyer looked at him curiously, before realisation dawned on her, 'Danny Kelly, are you suggesting what I think you are?' Danny sat up, and reached for something in his coat pocket. Hiding it from view, he pressed it into her hand. She looked down at the small velvet box in her hand. 'I saw it in Boston a couple of months back. I know we've talked about getting married before, and I wanted to save this for when we both felt like the time was right. Sawyer looked down at the box in her hand for what felt like an eternity. Danny's face flashed red, 'Listen, you don't need to say yes, I just want you to know that-' He was stopped by two soft hands which cradled his face, before a soft pair of lips were placed against his. They stayed in that position for what seemed like hours before breaking apart, both with huge smiles on their faces. 'You don't want to look at the ring before you say yes?' 'I don't need to.' A couple of hours later the pair pulled up to the cabins, only to be greeted by the site of an excited hippo running toward them. Of course Tillie would be freaking out. The pair gave each other a soft, private smile before they stepped out. The ground nearly shook with the force of the hippo running towards them, 'Thank God you're here, we were so worried! Where did you-?' Tillie stopped in her tracks. She glanced rapidly between Danny, Sawyer and Sawyer's finger. It seemed to take her a moment to process what was happening when- 'YOU'RE GETTING MARRIED. EVERYONE, COME QUICK THEY'RE ENGAGED. Oh wow, I'm so excited, I'm just so happy for you two, I knew it had to happen soon!' It didn't take the others long to realise the significance of what was going on, and soon they were surrounded. The ring was being passed around and stories were being swapped. 'Guys!', Sawyer held up a hand, trying to stall their friends. 'I love you all, and I'm happy you're happy, but I really need to call my family. Dan, you too.' The two separated, and went to find the payphones located on site. Luckily there were two; their first spat as an engaged couple could wait. Sawyer could feel the tension building as the phone rang, and she was prepared to give up all hope when she heard a voice at the other end. 'Hello?' 'Uncle James?' 'It's Dad darling, but I'm never going to complain about being mistaken for a younger man. You got there safely?' 'Just about, we had a few bumps on the road...not all of them bad.' 'Oh? And what do you mean by that?' 'Well, Danny and I got stranded for a while, and, well...' She heard a holler on his end, 'Sawyer McDermid, are you getting married?' Sawyer was taken aback, 'How did you know?!' 'A Daddy always knows, sweetheart. Always knows.' Epilogue Sawyer sat up, squinting to see through the dark. It had been a late night for them all, between trying to get in their supplies for Christmas and the endless questions about their impending nuptials. She was starting to suspect that Tillie already had the whole thing mentally planned. She found herself standing on their balcony, enjoying the cold night air on her skin. In all the excitement it was hard to get a grasp on how she was feeling. Only then did she know she was happy. She felt a pair of arms wrap around her face, and a chin rest on her shoulder. 'Think we're going to live happily ever after?' he whispered. 'I think we have a better chance than most.' ","Summary":" Chapter One 'I'm starting to think we'd have to be total masochists to actually enjoy working with "},{"Movie":"Cats Don't Dance","Title":"Mr Danny Goes to Washington","Author":"TwilightSparkle3562","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10237365","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer 1: I do not own \"Cats Don't Dance,\" or its characters. They are property of Warner Brothers Studios and Turner Animation. Disclaimer 2: I do not own \"Mickey Mouse,\" or its characters. They are property of Walt Disney Studios and its affiliates. Disclaimer 3: I do not own \"The Pebble and the Penguin,\" or its characters. They are property of Metro Goldwyn Mayer and Don Bluth Studios. \"Mr. Danny Goes to Washington\" By TwilightSparkle3562 with special thanks to ManuelMusical14 for his assistance in creating this sequel Chapter 1 \"A Death in the Extended Family\" Danny and Sawyer could not have been more happier for one another. They were engaged to be married and were eager to spend the rest of their lives together as husband and wife. Following everything that had happened to them surrounding the Disney animators strike those several months ago, it seemed that nothing could keep them apart in terms of both their professional and personal lives for that matter. In fact, Danny had a starring role in the Charlie Chaplin film, The Great Dictator , which poked fun at the Nazi and Communist movement that was going on in Europe. The movie was a success at the box office and the newly engaged cats were out celebrating Danny's recent success. But then on the night of December 7, 1941, as Danny and Sawyer returned home from a night on the town, the telephone rang in their apartment and Danny ran to pick it up as Sawyer removed her blue cover skirt and blue hat. \"Hello?\" he asked and was surprised to what he was hearing on the other line. \"Pudge, what's wrong?\" Sawyer wanted to see what was going on, but Danny placed his finger to her and silenced her before she could say anything. However, Danny's tone in his voice gave her an idea of what was wrong. \"Hang on, buddy,\" he said, sensing that something was very wrong.. \"We'll be right there.\" \"Danny, what's happening with Pudge?\" asked Sawyer worriedly. But, Danny quickly grabbed his green suit coat and handed Sawyer her purse, hat and cover skirt. \"Get your hat and cover skirt back on,\" ordered Danny. \"It's Pudge's mother. She's unconscious.\" Racing as fast as they could to the Pudgemeyer residence, Danny and Sawyer arrived as fast as they could only to find the sight of police cars and ambulances right outside the Pudgemeyer residence. Danny and Sawyer got out of the car and ran to the front door, only to be stopped by a pair of policemen. \"Hold it right there,\" one of the policeman barked, pushing them back. \"This is a police matter. Leave the premises at once!\" \"You don't understand!\" protested Danny, trying to get through. \"Our friend is in there and he needs us!\" \"That doesn't matter to us!\" replied the Policeman, pushing them back. \"Someone is dead and…\" But just then, a small voice came out from a room inside the house. \"It's all right, officer,\" said the voice, quivering. \"They're my friends.\" The policemen dropped their guard and allowed Danny and Sawyer to pass into the house. They came into the room to see a small penguin sitting on the sofa with a blanket around his body. In the penguin's hands was a note that had been watered by teardrops that had come from the baby penguin. \"Pudge,\" gasped Danny, shocked to see his friend in such a sad state. \"What happened here?\" \"Danny,\" cried Pudge, hugging his friend tightly as Sawyer joined them. \"My mommy, she's dead.\" \"It's all right, Pudge,\" cooed Sawyer, wrapping her tail around Pudge's neck. \"We're here for you. But, what happened here?\" Pudge's voice trembled slightly over what was happening to him. His mother was dead and his father, a sailor in the United States Navy, was reported missing at Pearl Harbor. Only the day before, Peter, a former animal actor and union member who was now a sailor, was among those who were missing when Pearl Harbor was attacked by the Japanese. \"I don't know, Sawyer,\" said Pudge, trying to hold back tears. \"I was asleep in bed when I heard mommy screaming and I came down to see what was wrong with her and she told me to go back to bed and that she would be fine soon. Afterwards, I thought she had already gone to bed because it got quiet soon afterwards. Then, I woke up again when I heard a loud popping and then…\" Pudge soon collapsed in Danny's arms when he got to the part of the loud popping sound. As Pudge cried into his friend's shirt, Sawyer picked up the note that Pudge held in his hands and read it to herself: Dear Danny and Sawyer, You know I've not been feeling well for the past few hours since my Peter died in Pearl Harbor. I don't think I can raise our little Peabo anymore as a widowed mother. I want you to please take good care of him like the big brother and big sister you've both become to him the past two years. By the time you read this, you know I can't be with my baby anymore and I wish to see Peter in heaven where I know he can be happy with me. I want you to know how proud I am of Pudge and how well of a role model you are to him and part of our family. Love and always Mrs. Pudgemyer Sawyer dropped the letter in shock and disbelief as the coroners came in and removed the body of Pudge's mother from the kitchen of the Pudgemeyer residence. A pool of blood was seen on the hard tiled floor as Sawyer did a sign of the cross as the body was taken from the house. She then saw a police officer walk by and ran over to him. It was one of the same two officers who had prevented them from entering a few moments earlier. \"Officer?\" asked Sawyer, stopping him. \"Danny and I are close friends of Pudge and we can take him with us for the night. It will give him some space.\" \"I understand,\" replied the officer. \"We were going to call Child Protective Services to come pick up Master Pudgemeyer, but you are welcome to take him. Although, we will need to talk to Pudge at some point, when we found his mother, she had a handgun at her side. \" Sawyer was shocked by what had just happened and even before the officer could say anything, she had a good sense into what was happening. \"You don't mean…?\" gasped Sawyer, a shock of disbelief going through her mind. \"Yes,\" replied the officer. \"The coroner believed that she had committed suicide for reasons unknown. \"He's very traumatized,\" suggested Sawyer, trying to defend Pudge a little bit. \"We will let you know when he is ready. But, you need to give him some time. His father was at Pearl Harbor and we do not know if he is alive or not.\" Just then, a Navy Chaplin walked into the house and approached Sawyer and the officer. Sawyer could see that this could only mean one thing. \"May I speak to Mrs. Pudgemeyer?\" asked the Chaplin, not knowing that she was dead. \"I'm sorry, Chaplin,\" replied Sawyer, herself trying to hold back tears. \"But she is dead, although you can speak to us.\" The Chaplin removed his glasses and looked at Sawyer and the officer with a look of sadness on his face. Sawyer was expecting at that moment to reveal what he had to say to them. \"The United States Navy has to regretfully inform you,\" he said grimly. \"That Sailor Peter Pudgemeyer's body was found in the waters of Pearl Harbor. I am sorry.\" Sawyer then looked back towards her fiancé and their best friend who was still sobbing into his chest. It was at that moment that the lives of her and Danny were already changed forever and it would continue to change forever for what was about to happen in Hollywood the very next day…[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 \"A Big Change in Hollywood\" As Pudge was led out of his home by Danny and Sawyer following the suicide of his mother, the waves of change were coming through the Hollywood valleys like wildfire. For Walt Disney, who had endured the most difficult period of his life when his animators went out on strike, it seemed that the Disney animators strike was only the beginning of what was to come for him and his studio. Walt was listening to the news surrounding Pearl Harbor when the telephone rang as he and his wife Lily were about to have dinner with their daughters, Diane and Sharon. \"Hello?\" Walt asked as he picked up the phone. \"If this is about that new deal with the union, I…\" You see, Walt was thinking that the Animators union wanted even more respect and money after their victory a few months earlier. In fact, Walt was in South America where he received the news that the strike had been solved in a poor state. He was so angry that he destroyed his makeshift office down there. \"What is it?\" he asked into the phone. \"Yes, I did hear the news about Pearl Harbor. Are you saying what?\" Walt's family could see that he was baffled from the look on his face. They wanted to ask what was happening, but they were all respectful and allowed him to finish what he had to hear on the other line. \"I see,\" said Walt, who was now twiddling around with the phone line with his finger. \"Well, thank you for telling me. I will be there tomorrow. Good night.\" Walt hung the phone up and his family watched in silence as he walked back to the dinner table. They could clearly see that the master of the house was in a state of shock. Not a single one of them knew it, but the very next morning, Walt arrived to see the U.S. Army march onto the Disney studio lot. You see, a studio manager had contacted Walt after he had been called in turn by the Los Angeles Police Department who said that the U.S. Army was moving in on the Disney Studio lot. The decision came immediately following the bombing on Pearl Harbor as the Army had to protect a nearby aircraft plant that was close to the Disney Studio. In fact, when Walt arrived at the Studio the next day, he had to make the difficult decision that his studio would be reduced to making films for the war effort. It was a bitter defeat for him even though his latest film, Bambi , was nearing completion. Nevertheless, Walt's biggest star, Mickey Mouse, kept making his short films along with his co-stars and could see the pain that his boss was feeling. When he met Walt for lunch the next day, Mickey knew that his boss needed to talk with someone and that someone was him. \"Hiya, Walt, ha ha,\" said Mickey as he sat down with Walt in his office. \"Roy told me that you needed some company.\" \"I did need some company, Mickey,\" sighed Walt who went back to his desk after looking over the studio lot. \"You know, I cannot help asking myself, what did I do to deserve this? I built my studio to be a place where me and my boys can work together and produce quality films. Where did I stumble? Where did I go wrong?\" \"A big change is coming Walt, ha ha,\" replied Mickey as he bit into a ham and cheese sandwich. \"The animal actors of Hollywood are wanting to start making films for the war effort rather than big production numbers. I told them that they need to be flexible with their bosses, but they would not listen to me, ha ha.\" \"Nobody wants to listen to anybody anymore,\" said Walt dejectedly as he took a sip of his coffee. \"What happened in Pearl Harbor is a sign of things to come and you and I both know it.\" Mickey took another bite of his sandwich and began to think very clearly what his boss was trying to get across to him. In fact, the news of Pudge's mother's suicide was still ringing out through the animal actors' community despite the fact that Pearl Harbor was dominating the airwaves. \"I can understand that, Walt, ha ha,\" added Mickey, who then realized that he had a message to give to his boss. \"Before I forget, Roy also wanted me to tell you that LB Mammoth called this morning before you came in.\" \"What does he want?\" asked Walt, now wondering what the head of Mammoth Studios wanted. \"Does he have anything related to the Communist problem?\" Mickey was shocked to hear his boss and creator utter such a shocking word like that. So much so, that he almost choked on his sandwich. \"Walt,\" gasped Mickey. \"You know we are not supposed to mention that word. You said so yourself, ha ha.\" \"You can't Mickey, but I can,\" corrected Walt, rising from his desk. \"This is starting to become a major problem within the studios of Hollywood and I said it very clear to the House of Un-American Activities Committee in Washington that Communists needed to be snuffed out and shown up for what they are. To this end, myself and several other studio heads have joined forces to do just that.\" Now, Mickey was more shocked at what his boss was doing. True, that Mickey was taught that all Americans should live the American way of life, but this was something that was completely different to him. \"You don't mean…\" whispered Mickey, but Walt interrupted him. \"Yes,\" he replied. \"Hollywood needs to purge its communists out and I am going to be a part of the witch hunt that cures this city of those who don't believe in the American way of life.\" Walt just stood at his desk in silence for a few moments and then he spoke again. \"Mickey,\" he said to his star mouse. \"Go have my secretary contact LB and tell him that I will meet with him and the other studio heads tonight.\" \"Yes, sir,\" stuttered Mickey and he left Walt's office to fulfill his request. Walt didn't know it, but his quest to purge Hollywood of its communists along with the other studio heads including LB Mammoth would soon be leading straight to trouble for both him and those he had come to know and love…[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 \"A Secret Meeting in Hollywood\" The night after his studio was taken over; Walt and LB were among the five studio heads who were summoned to the Beverly Hills Hotel for a secret meeting. It was a meeting that would change the future of Hollywood at that time since the war in Europe and now the attack on Pearl Harbor had struck fear and terror in the minds of those who worked in the entertainment industry. The thought of communism was striking and that the studio heads had to combat it and keep the American dream what it was meant to be in Hollywood. In fact, as Walt had said back in Washington to the House of Un-American Activities Committee, that the Disney Animators Strike that nearly killed Danny and Sawyer was inspired by communists. \"Gentlemen,\" said Louis B. Mayer, the head of Metro Goldwyn Mayer Studios and President of the Studio Head Board. \"We have a pandemic that we as a group must confront and destroy.\" \"Indeed,\" added Jack L. Warner, the head of Warner Brothers Studios. \"Many of my actors have complained of this matter while some have welcomed it. I for one as a Jewish man, fear it.\" This bothered Walt as it was much more than just Jack that was at stake. But, each man in that Beverly Hills hotel conference room each feared that the beliefs of Russia and Nazi Germany would come creeping into Hollywood and soon there would be concentration camps in the United States just as much as in Europe. \"We have to do something about it,\" said Walt. \"My studio underwent a mutiny not too long ago and we as a group, cannot let these commie sympathizers brainwash our people any further than they already have.\" A series of cries was heard among the men and each time that they cried, it was a sign that they had all agreed on a decision to combat the threat that was against them. \"I honestly agree with you, Walt,\" said LB Mammoth, lighting up a cigar. \"My own studio was under strike by the animal actors union around the same time as your studio. But, I had to come to the realization that the animal actors of Hollywood were treated unfairly by me and my studio people and as a result, the union was formed.\" \"This is much more than just animal actors, LB,\" said Mayer, sitting back in his chair. \"We have a movement that will soon envelop the people of Hollywood and changed our lives forever if we don't do something about it. By the way have any of us seen The Great Dictator recently with Charlie Chaplin?\" At that moment, LB began to grow nervous over this as he had loaned Danny to the studio that made that film. If he said that his prized actor was in that movie, then his studio was going to be in serious trouble. But, if he didn't say anything then he would be going against his fellow studio heads. \"I have,\" said Warner, putting a cigar in his mouth. \"While I will say that Chaplin was his usual masterful self, the movie contained elements of the mess that Europe is in because of this movement.\" \"How can we stop this?\" asked LB. \"My star actor was in that movie as a pilot.\" LB then fell silent as his fellow peers stared at him with wide eyed expressions. Prior to starring in the film, LB had warned Danny to cast himself in a false name. Many actors would do that to hide their identities and maintain private interests. \"Danny Cat?\" remarked Mayer, staring at him. \"Are you referring to the cat who had a false nose and glasses? The one who was supposedly known as John Flaversham? How could you do that, Mammoth? Out of all the crazy stunts that I have seen in my career in this town, this is by far the stupidest.\" \"I agree,\" added Jack L. Warner. \"This is an unnecessary stunt that is going to put you and your studio out of business, Mammoth. J. Edgar is going to be all over us when he finds out.\" At that moment, the five men in that room began to think of a decision that was not very popular among them, but that it had to be done. Mayer bent down and picked up a piece of paper from his briefcase and slid it to the center of the table. The rest of the men looked at it and saw that it was a list of actors which included Danny Kaye, John Garfield and Edward G. Robinson. Mayer then handed Mammoth a pen and slid the paper over to him. Mammoth was not willing to feed his prized actor to the wolves, but from the looks of it, it seemed he had no other choice. \"I'm sorry,\" said LB hestitantly. \"If you want me to do what I think you want me to do, then I can't. Danny's my star actor and he would not do anything if he didn't think it wasn't right.\" \"I'm afraid you don't have much of a choice, Mammoth,\" said Walt, placing a hand on his friend's shoulder. \"This town needs to know who is a threat to our way of life. If you don't put Danny's name on there, then he could end up betraying not just us, but our whole country as well. You don't want to be remembered as the man who let that happen do you?\" Mammoth finally had no other choice, he took the paper and signed Danny's name on the bottom, right underneath Charlie Chaplin's name. He then pushed the paper away and stared down at the floor in defeat. \"I'm sorry, LB,\" replied Mayer. \"Until Danny proves himself to the House of Un-American Activities Committee that he is not a communist, then you will have to suspend him from any future projects.\" \"I hope he understands,\" thought LB as he went home that night. Mammoth didn't want this to happen, but he had a duty to fulfill to his fellow bosses and something had to give, as much as he didn't want it to happen…[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 \"You're suspended\" LB Mammoth walked into his studio the morning after his meeting feeling like the most defeated man in Hollywood. For he knew that he had to tell Danny that he could no longer work for him until he cleared his name. Arriving in his office, he ordered his secretary to bring Danny and Sawyer to his office right after their filming scenes. LB sat down throughout the morning and twiddled his fingers nervously as his two prime stars came into his office. As a matter of fact, they were quite surprised to see him so nervous. \"You called for us, LB?\" asked Danny, baffled as LB looked at them nervous. \"You said it was urgent.\" \"I did,\" replied LB as Danny and Sawyer sat down in front of him. \"There is something we need to talk about and I need to talk to you both about it now.\" LB then took out a cigar and lit it up away from Danny and Sawyer. Both Danny and Sawyer knew that LB would always smoke whenever he was under pressure, but this was something completely different. \"We're all ears, LB,\" said Sawyer, confused by her boss' actions. \"So, can you tell us what is going on here?\" After a moment, LB put out the cigar and faced his two stars. He sighed heavily one more time and then was a lot more calmer and professional. \"Okay,\" sighed LB, breathing in deeply. \"Do the both of you remember the film that Danny helped make with Charlie Chaplin over at United Artists?\" \"Yes, we do,\" replied Danny. \"You told me that I had to work under an assumed name because of sensitive material, remember?\" \"I did tell you, Danny,\" said LB, grabbing another cigar. \"But I do need to tell you about something that is very important to both of you.\" LB lit another cigar and turned away from Danny and Sawyer again. Now, the two cats were beginning to realize that something was not right with their boss and friend. \"Um, LB?\" Sawyer asked sheepishly. \"Smoking like crazy isn't going to show us what is happening here.\" \"Sorry,\" replied LB, putting out the cigar. \"I won't smoke anymore, but I really hate to do this to you both. Apparently, I was at a meeting with Walt Disney and three other studio heads and the film that Danny had a part in has caught the attention of the FBI's leader, J. Edgar Hoover.\" At that moment, Danny and Sawyer eyes popped wide open. Making a movie that caught the attention of the FBI was a major insult to the careers of anyone who worked in Hollywood and especially with what was happening in Europe, nobody would want to produce sensitive material like The Great Dictator. \"Are you serious?\" cried Danny, rising out of his seat. \"That movie is under scrutiny because of the nosy Hoover? And everyone knows that I was in it?\" \"I'm afraid so Danny,\" replied LB as Danny buried his face into his hands. Just then, LB reached into his desk and pulled out the paper that he had been forced to sign Danny's name on. He slid it over to Danny and both he and Sawyer read over all the names that were on it, including his own. \"What is this?\" asked Danny, dropping the paper back down on the desk. \"My other studio heads have branded you as a communist, Danny,\" confessed LB. \"Believe me, I did not want to do it, but I had no other choice. Had I chose not to put your name down here, then I would have been branded as a traitor among my fellow studio heads. I hate to do this to you, Danny, but until this matter is resolved, you are hereby suspended without pay from Mammoth Studios.\" Danny could not believe that he had been exposed for starring in a major Hollywood propaganda film and as a result, he was suspending from doing something he had loved to do his entire life. Sawyer wanted to help her fiancé and co-star and knew that this was going to be a challenge for them, just as it was going to be a challenge for Pudge following the death of his father at Pearl Harbor and his mother by her own hand. \"There must be something we can do,\" suggested Sawyer, placing her hands on Danny. \"Is there a way for Danny to clear his name, LB?\" \"There is, Sawyer,\" he replied. \"Danny must travel to Washington, D.C. and testify before the House of Un-American Activities Committee. It is up to them to decide whether or not Danny deserves to stay in this industry after starring in that Chaplin film.\" \"But, Chaplin is the one who deserves to be on this list, not Danny!\" protested Sawyer rising to her feet as Danny continued to have his head buried in his face. \"You have to understand, LB. I beg you!\" \"Sawyer, I don't have a choice!\" replied LB, banging his fist on his desk as he was trying to defend himself a little. \"If I didn't put Danny on this list, then the Federal Government would be forcing Danny out of this town! Would you want that to happen to him?\" Sawyer could not fight her boss anymore and slouched down in her seat in defeat. For she knew that Danny had spent his entire life wanting to star in the movies and that he was the one who inspired her to re-follow her dreams as an aspiring actress. \"No, I don't,\" she replied calming down. \"I'm just trying to defend the cat I want to marry, that is all.\" \"I understand that,\" said LB. \"But there is a big difference between making a film and a quick dollar and offending the government. I'm afraid this one of those situations where we are all caught between a rock and a hard place.\" \"So, when do we leave for Washington?\" she asked. \"You will leave in three days,\" said LB, handing her a pair of train tickets. \"I've already arranged for you, Danny and Pudge to travel to Washington and testify before the Committee. If Danny proves to them that he is not a communist before the committee, then he can start working again. But if they are not convinced, then Danny will be blacklisted and will never be able to make a film for any studio ever again.\" Those words of never working in a studio again sent shockwaves down Sawyer's spine. The thought of her and Danny never making a movie together again was horrifying for her to even think about. It was not surprising that Danny still had his face buried in his hands even after what LB had said to them about his future, his dream in the movies. Either way, they had to testify and persuade the committee that Danny was not a communist or they would watch his career and his dream go down the drain…[Chapter 5] Chapter 5 \"Time to Snap Out of It\" Danny and Sawyer walked out of LB Mammoth's office feeling like the lowest animals in the world. Danny's suspension because he took part in a great film like The Great Dictator was an enormous blow to his moral and sort of defeated the purpose of why he came to Hollywood in the first place. As for Sawyer, to hear that the cat she wanted to marry and spend the rest of her life with was suspended for being a political tool, was something that greatly bothered her just as much as Danny. As they walked further and further from LB's office, they saw Pudge coming out of his tutoring session and were impressed over how he was handling himself in the days following the death of his father and the suicide of his mother. \"Hey, guys,\" he said in an upbeat tone. \"How was your meeting with LB?\" \"Sorry Pudge, we can't talk about it right now,\" replied Danny, still in a state of depression over his suspension. \"I've been suspended from making films, little buddy.\" This made Pudge stop in his tracks right then and there. Sure, it was a difficult time for him, but hearing Danny say that he was suspended was a shock to say the least. \"Why?\" gasped Pudge, nearly dropping his schoolbooks out of his hands. \"What did you do?\" \"I took part in a controversial film,\" answered Danny. \"Because of it, I've been branded as a communist and cannot star in any movies until I clear my name.\" The depressed tabby cat sat down on a chair outside of the tutor's office and Sawyer knew that Danny had to snap out of it. Taking her left paw out, she stuck out the claws and grasped his leg, causing him to screech in pain. \"Sawyer,\" cried Danny, griming his leg. \"What did you do that for?\" \"Daniel Cat, you need to get a hold of yourself,\" ordered Sawyer, looking down at Danny sharply and sounding like a strict motherly figure. \"Just because you say that you are suspended, doesn't mean that you should give up on your dreams.\" Danny quickly got to his feet and snapped out of his depression. This made Sawyer and Pudge smile to each other knowing that Danny was back to his normal self. However, he still had his doubts. \"How could I?\" asked Danny, limping away from the chair. \"You saw what happened in there, Sawyer: LB telling me I should not work because of one little movie? It's almost like we never even performed at the Lil Ark Angel Premiere two years ago.\" \"But we did perform that night,\" said Pudge, trying to make Danny remember that particular night in question. \"Remember, you and Sawyer dancing together with all our animal buddies and the standing ovation we received as well as Darla being exploited for who she really was.\" With each word that was being spoken to him, Danny suddenly began to remember why he was here in Hollywood to begin and how he led the charge for animals to once again start working in Hollywood. After all, if it weren't for him, Pudge would have been just a normal kid penguin; Sawyer would've still been a secretary under Farley Wink; Woolie Mammoth would have still been the Mammoth Studios mascot; Cranston and Frances would have never regained their mojo and T.W. would have still been reading fortunes all day long. \"You're right, Pudge,\" said Danny, feeling a return of hope. \"I did do all of that. I can't believe I am beating myself up over all of this.\" \"You can still act,\" added Sawyer, placing her paw on Danny's shoulder. \"And you can still sing. But, whoever is wanting this communism to spread doesn't want to see us perform in the way that we have always done. If we can survive the Disney strike and live to tell about it, then this should be no different whatsoever.\" Then suddenly, Danny noticed a rise in Sawyer's tone of voice as she continued to build confidence into his brain. \"I will not allow the cat that I have chosen to spend the rest of my life with be subjected to this type of humiliation,\" she continued. \"We are going to fight this in Washington and no one, not LB Mammoth and not the FBI are going to stop us from realizing that our main purpose is to entertain and nothing more. Do you understand?\" After a moment, Danny could feel the sense of inspiration rise inside of him and he put on his straw hat and slightly pained from Sawyer's claw grasping his leg, made his way out of the hallway and out of the door. Both Sawyer and Pudge were impressed with their method of persuasion as it worked on Danny. \"I guess it worked Sawyer,\" said Pudge. \"So what do we do now?\" \"Well,\" replied Sawyer, placing her brown hat on. \"We head to Washington and support Danny as he tries to clear his name. Besides, don't you think we need to get away after everything that has happened?\" Pudge was silent for a moment as he knew that getting out of Hollywood for a while would give him a sense of escape from all the turmoil he had been stuck in for such a long time. \"Yeah,\" he said, his mouth turning into a frown. \"I'd just wish I had someone to share this with me.\" \"You are sharing it,\" said Sawyer coming down to Pudge's level. \"You are sharing it with us and we are always going to be together whatever happens from here on in.\" Pudge smiled for a moment as he was encouraged by Sawyer's remark. But, he had to remember that tomorrow was going to be a hard day as his mother and father would be laid to rest and then the next day, they would leave for Washington, D.C. and support Danny as he tried to clear his name before the House of Un-American Activites Committee. Little did he know however, that his life would soon be changed forever…[Chapter 6] Chapter 6 \"Heading to Washington\" In the days following Danny's suspension from Mammoth Studios, he and Sawyer stood by Pudge as his parents were laid to rest. The funeral was a large turnout for all the animal actors of Hollywood, who were back to work following the deal that was made which ended their strike. However, Pudge needed to realize that now his parents were gone, he needed to mature while at the same time, he longed for a penguin family to call his own. Danny and Sawyer had told him that they would be happy to adopt him, but he couldn't let that happen. As a matter of fact, when they boarded the train to Washington, Pudge was looking at families that were all the same animal and while he did have some relatives, they were all far away from Hollywood. Danny could see that his friend was yearning for a family and tried to console him in a sense. \"I know you are longing for a family, buddy,\" said Danny as they sat in their cabin on the train. \"But, you have to remember that Sawyer and I wouldn't mind adopting you as our own.\" \"Thanks anyway, Danny,\" replied Pudge, smiling slightly. \"But, I can't have you and Sawyer as my parents. You're my friends and brother-sister figures.\" \"That means a lot to us, Pudge,\" said Sawyer happily. \"We just want what is the best for you, that's all.\" Pudge could understand that two unmarried cats were eager to step up and make him part of their family. However, Pudge could not help but wonder of a pair of penguins that had starred in one of Mammoth Studios' films not that long ago. In a recent interview that they had did for the LA Times, they revealed that they had a baby penguin who died two days after he was born. Pudge thought that maybe that he would be the one to revive their happy lives, but for now, he had to support his best friend as he tried to clear his name of any communist ties. In fact, as Danny slept in bed that night, he could not help but think to himself of whether or not he should still continue to follow his dream as an actor. Sure, he could overcome Darla Dimple as well as an angry mob of striking animators, but this was something completely different. \"I can't help but wonder why I am in this situation,\" Danny thought to himself as he slept. \"Did I deserve to be cast onto the streets because I starred in one movie with one of the greatest stars of the silent film era and one of my biggest idols? The only reason why I came to Hollywood was to be an actor and spread goodwill to audiences everywhere, not to spread communism.\" He then opened his eyes and looked up to the ceiling of the train, a look of desperation fell into Danny's eyes as he wanted nothing more than to return to the hobby and profession that he loved the most of anything in this world. \"Oh, God,\" he said to himself, talking low so as to not wake up Sawyer or Pudge. \"If there is anything you can do to help me in my time of need, it is now. The world is changing and there is nothing I can do to change it. But, I need you to give me the strength to get through this and while you are in the neighborhood, please help find Pudge the family he needs.\" Although it seemed like Danny was talking to himself, Sawyer opened one eye and seeing that Danny was talking to God, smiled to herself knowing that Danny was calling on faith to help them get through this dark period in their lives. After all, Sawyer was taught to always embrace God and listen to what he had to say. The next day, the train arrived in Washington as Danny, his fiancé and best friend got off the train. But, as they got off, they saw another man walking off another coach with a small moustache and a derby hat on top of his head. Upon seeing who he was, Danny grew cross and stormed over to him in a fit of temperament. \"Charlie Chaplin!\" he hissed, trying to keep his claws in his hands. \"What do you think you are doing here, you scumbag?\" \"What do you mean?\" he retorted in his British accent. \"I am here to testify on my behalf that I am not a communist.\" \"Well, I am here to do the same thing, you snake!\" snarled Danny, his anger rising. \"I'm wishing right now that I never took part in that film you made.\" But, Chaplin merely snickered and went on his way out of the station as Danny looked on disgustingly. However, Sawyer had to keep her fiancé in check and ran over to restrain him. \"Danny, not now!\" cried Sawyer as she and Pudge pulled him away. \"He may be a legend, but he is not human! Save it for when we testify.\" \"Sawyer's right,\" added Pudge. \"You can't use all your energy on this. Calm down and think what is really at stake here!\" Danny had no choice but to reluctantly do what Sawyer and Pudge had suggested to him. After all, Chaplin was the one who got Danny in this mess to begin with and Danny was the one who was going to get himself out of this situation. When they went to the hotel that night, Danny and Sawyer got their clothes for the next day and were eager to go to Capitol hill and fight for the right to act in Hollywood without being subjected to this type of shame and scandal. Meanwhile, another train from Hollywood was arriving and the same two penguins who had appeared in a Mammoth Studios film arrived not only to support Danny and Sawyer, but to convince them to allow Pudge to be accepted as one of their own…[Chapter 7] Chapter 7 \"Danny Takes the Stand\" \"Are You a Member of the Communist Party?\" Those were the words that rang out of the courtroom as dozens and dozens of Hollywood actors were brought in to testify about their communist ties. As Danny and Sawyer entered the courtroom, they saw many familiar faces including Yip Harburg, who helped write \"Over the Rainbow\" from The Wizard of Oz ; Edward G. Robinson and of course, Charlie Chaplin, who sneered at Danny and Sawyer as they walked past her. Of course, being a Chaplin hater himself, Pudge didn't even acknowledge his presence as he walked past him. To their surprise, even Darla Dimple was called to testify and as Danny awaited his time on the stand outside the courtroom, they saw her being dragged out of the courtroom by two security guards as she continued screaming at the committee. \"You won't get away with this!\" she screamed as she was being led away by the guards. \"I'm a legend, you hear me? I am a legend!\" \"Boy, here feathers must have gotten ruffled,\" chuckled Sawyer as Darla was led outside. \"Now, there is someone who won't be in Hollywood anytime soon.\" But, Danny stayed silent as Pudge placed his wing on Danny's leg in an effort to support him. Of course, he did want a family to call his own, but he had to help Danny overcome this hurdle that was presented in front of him. \"Daniel Cat, the committee has called you,\" shouted a guard as Danny and his friends were called into the courtroom. Sawyer and Pudge then took their places in the gallery as Danny approached the bench and looked up at the committee which was headed by a group of nine men and a small penguin dressed in a brown business suit and had a purple scarf tied around his neck. Danny looked nervous as the committee stared down at him with their eyes focused on him. The penguin chairman then banged the gavel and the room fell silent as Danny placed the microphone in front of him. A guard came forward with a large bible in his hands and Danny then got up and walked over as he took off his hat and placed his right paw on the bible, while raising his other paw. \"Do you solemnly swear to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth, so help you God?\" he asked. \"I do,\" Danny said nervously and returned to his seat in front of the committee. The committee then placed their microphones in front of each other and with that, the proceedings began. \"Daniel Cat,\" said the penguin chairman. \"You have been summoned here on account that there is evidence from the Federal Bureau of Investigation that you are a member of the Communist Party. If the committee finds you guilty of communist ties, you will be blacklisted and forbidden from ever working in motion pictures for as long as you live. Do you understand the charges that are presented to you?\" \"I do,\" replied Danny, looking nervous as Sawyer and Pudge looked on. With the formalities completed, the committee then began their questioning \"Mr. Cat,\" said a committee member, holding a stack of papers. \"The reason you have been summoned here is because recently you stared in a motion picture called The Great Dictator with Charles Chaplin. Were you aware of any connections with Mr. Chaplin prior to taking part in this film?\" \"I was not aware of any connections with Mr. Chaplin whatsoever,\" replied Danny, speaking into the microphone. \"As far as I was concerned, Mr. Chaplin was only poking fun at Hitler and not spreading communist ties.\" \"We've looked into your personal files, Mr. Cat,\" remarked the penguin chairman, looking a little suspicious. \"It says here that you were born in Kokomo, Indiana in 1909 and came here to Hollywood with the intention of breaking out into the motion picture industry. Shortly after your arrival, you signed a multi-million dollar contract with Mammoth Studios and not long after that you were involved in the Disney animators strike, is that correct?\" This made Danny feel slightly aghast that he was accused of any involvement in the Disney Animators strike. In fact, his only purpose in the strike was to help end it. \"My only involvement in the strike was to end it,\" retorted Danny. \"My fiancé and I had met Mr. Walt Disney and his main star, Mickey Mouse at the premiere of his movie, Fantasia , over a year ago. At the time of the movie's release, he explained to me that there was a hint of discord going on within the studio walls. At the same time, the animal actors of Hollywood, many of whom was still unemployed after being fired by L.B. Mammoth himself was planning to extract their revenge by striking against him by forming a union similar to what the Disney artists did.\" \"And Mr. Cat, were you an influence in this animal actors strike in any way?\" asked the penguin chairman, taking another piece of paper in his hands. \"It says here that during the production of Darla Dimple's movie Lil Ark Angel, you intentionally caused a flood that resulted in the animal actors to be fired is that true?\" \"That is a lie!\" shouted Danny, offended by what he had heard. \"Darla confessed at the premiere that she was the one who caused that flood, not me!\" \"According to another document,\" said another chairperson. \"You wanted to influence the animals of Hollywood to take over the studios and make people actors typecast?\" \"That is outrageous!\" screamed Danny, rising from his seat. \"My best friend was kidnapped by Darla and forced to watch while she and her butler sabotaged the production. Rest assured, that I have that penguin with me today if you wish to hear from him!\" The committee then looked around at each other for a moment and then they motioned to Danny to bring Pudge forward. The small penguin was then brought forward by a security guard and sat upon the table next to Danny. As he sat on the table, the penguin chairman was startled to see Pudge sitting before him, as if to say that he knew him personally. Nevertheless, he broke out of his trance and got back to the matter at hand. Little did the penguin chairman realize that he would soon be facing the truth behind the relationship that he had with Pudge, as the two penguins from the train arrived in the courtroom and sat down at the back. A secret about Pudge was about to be revealed…[Chapter 8] Chapter 8 \"Pudge Takes the Stand\" As Pudge came up to Danny from behind the gallery, the penguin chairman could see that there was something familiar about this penguin, like a feeling that he had known him a long time ago. In fact at the back of the courtroom, the two other penguins, named Hubie and Marina, were also watching carefully as Pudge took the stand. \"Goodness Glaciers,\" whispered Hubie to Marina. \"Do you see what I see?\" \"I do Hubie,\" replied Marina. \"It's Peter's child, here to testify in the aftermath of Patricia's death, why would they do that?\" \"We'll just have to find out,\" remarked Hubie. \"Let's let Rocco do his job.\" Pudge was sworn in and sat next to Danny as Rocco looked down on Pudge, still having the sensation that he had known Pudge from a long time ago. Nevertheless, he had a job to do and got back to it very quickly. \"Young man,\" Rocco asked, folding his wings together. \"Can you explain to the committee exactly what had happened that day at Mammoth Studios?\" Pudge took an enormous gulp and looked up at Rocco, seemingly terrified of him at first. However, he had to defend his friend at all costs, so he did what needed to be done. \"Your honor,\" began Pudge, taking his hat off and trembling with nervousness. \"Danny had absolutely nothing to do with what happened at Mammoth Studios. Darla Dimple tricked us into believing that we had intentionally caused that flood because I was overseeing the special effects for the ark scene and she and her manservant, Max, ambushed me and took control of the special effects.\" A hushed murmur came among the committee as Danny was amazed at how Pudge was handling himself. Neither he, nor Sawyer would ever remember that day when Darla framed the animal actors and caused them all to be fired from Mammoth Studios. \"And were you released after that?\" asked Rocco. \"I was,\" replied Pudge. \"I was taken back to Darla's mansion and then I was later returned to Danny where she put all of the blame on Danny. Your honors, if Danny was trying to get the animals fired, he would have revealed himself and things would be different.\" Rocco was silent for a minute, closing his eyes and taking in all that Pudge had said to him and then opened them back up and looked down at Pudge. \"In other words your honor,\" continued Pudge, still trying to defend his friend. \"Danny was a pawn in all of this. If you are trying to hunt for communists, blame people like Darla and Charlie Chaplin. We're animals and we need to make a living as well.\" Rocco was amazed by Pudge's defense and soon began to take into consideration everything that both Danny and Pudge had said to them. It seemed at that moment, Rocco began to consider that the committee was starting to go far on finding out who was a communist and who wasn't as well. Danny was not the villain in these cases, greedy, star hungry actors were and he and the rest of the committee knew that. After a moment, he sighed and the committee rendered its decision. \"Mr. Cat,\" he said, adjusting his scarf. \"Will you and Mr. Pudgemeyer please stand?\" Danny and Pudge did as they were told and rose to their feet before the committee. Danny was looking nervous at learning what the committee was going to say to him and braced himself for whatever was going to come his way. \"Mr. Cat,\" began Rocco, about to hand down his ruling. \"In all my years on the bench, I have never heard such meaningful testimony from someone like yourself. You and I are both animals and you are right, we need to make a living in a society among humans. However, in days like these with this wildfire spreading, there are times that we as a committee need to keep order in our society. We have determined that you were reluctant in taking part in The Great Dictator and that we clear you on any wrongdoing for taking part in that film.\" A small smile came to Danny's face knowing that he wasn't going to be blacklisted after all, but Rocco was not finished with what he had to say. \"However,\" he continued, a hint of authority in his voice. \"The committee does have to issue a small form of punishment for your involvement with Miss Dimple and Mr. Chaplin. Effective immediately, you are placed on probation meaning that you not associate with any of the actors, actresses or film and Broadway that are on the blacklist for communists. Failure to do so will result in you being banned from ever taking part in another Broadway or Hollywood project of any kind. Do you understand what we have said to you?\" Danny took in what was dished out to him and after a moment's silence, he addressed the committee. \"Yes, your honor,\" he said, feeling relieved. \"I understand of what you have said to me.\" \"Then the committee is adjourned,\" said Rocco, banging down on the gavel, ending the hearing. \"Mr. Cat and Mr. Pudgemeyer are free to go.\" Free of any communist wrongdoing, Danny hugged Pudge and soon, Sawyer joined in for a group hug as well. As he watched them embrace, Rocco sat there and began to think of a way to see Pudge again. He knew that Danny and the others would be heading back to Hollywood soon and that he had to see Pudge and confess the secret that he had been holding for many years. At the same time, Hubie and Marina saw the cats and Pudge walk past them and began to think of the same thing. They had to confess their connections to Pudge and soon, the secrets would all be coming out and the lives of Peabo Pudgemeyer, Danny Cat and Sawyer Cat would all be changed forever…[Chapter 9] Chapter 9 \"Pudge, will you join us?\" Feeling a sense of relief from being acquitted of his ties, Danny walked from the courtroom with Sawyer at his side and sharing a passionate kiss between one another. They now had a plan for their wedding to put together. As they walked from the courtroom however, Hubie and Marina saw them walk by and wanted to ask Pudge to be a part of their family. But, they didn't know how to ask. For what Pudge didn't know was that Hubie and Marina were very close friends with his parents and it wasn't because they were all penguins. \"Excuse me, Danny?\" called Marina to Danny, Sawyer and Pudge. \"Hubie and I just wanted to wish you our sincere congratulations for being acquitted.\" \"Why, thank you,\" replied Danny sheepishly. \"That's really nice of you. But, why are you both all the way out here?\" At that moment, Hubie and Marina had to tell the truth and that what they wanted to say to Pudge was not going to be easy for him to hear. Just then, Rocco came out from his office much to the surprise of everyone present. \"Sorry,\" he said panting. \"I needed to talk to Pudge for a second.\" \"Rocco,\" asked Hubie, placing his wings in a folding pattern. \"What are you doing here? Aren't you supposed to be hunting for com…com…com…bad people?\" \"They can wait,\" suggested Rocco. \"There is something that Pudge needs to hear about his parents.\" A hushed silence fell among the group at that moment as Pudge stared at the penguins in a wide eyed glance. It was bad enough that he had to endure the pain of losing his parents, but hearing a secret that could hurt his feelings was not what he had in mind at that moment. \"What's going on here?\" Pudge asked, feeling worriedly. \"Is there something you have all been hiding from me?\" Hubie took his hat off and knelt down to Pudge's level. He was soon joined by Rocco as Danny, Sawyer and Marina stepped back and allowed the three male penguins to have some space with each other. \"Pudge,\" explained Rocco, lowering his head for a moment. \"I need you to understand that we were very close friends with your parents. I wanted to tell you at their funeral back in California, but I was dragged down with the hearings hear in Washington and I couldn't make it. But, your parents were really close friends with us and when I heard that they were dead, it got me and Hubie thinking.\" \"Yeah,\" added Hubie. \"We've all been thinking about it for a long time and it would mean so much to your parents that…\" Hubie took an enormous swallow and Pudge closed his eyes, trying to hold back tears knowing what Hubie and Rocco was trying to ask him. \"If we would adopt you as our own son and nephew,\" finished Hubie and Pudge, feeling emotional leapt forward and happily hugged Hubie tightly followed by Rocco. Pudge sobbed with Hubie and Rocco as Danny, Sawyer and Marina watched from a short distance away. \"Is this why you and Hubie came all the way out here?\" gasped Sawyer as she looked at Marina. \"To ask Pudge if he wanted to join you and Hubie?\" \"You see Sawyer,\" said Marina, trying to hold back tears herself. \"A few years ago, I had a miscarriage and it left me and Hubie devastated. Peter and Patricia were there for us and it seems with Pudge as our own son, we can repay them for what they did to us.\" Marina began to choke on her tears as she buried herself into Sawyer and cried out her tears of happiness. Danny was amazed that this day couldn't get any better since he was now free of communist accusations. However, the moment was short lived when Charlie Chaplin appeared with his hat off and Danny grew cross that he appeared before them. \"Can't you see that we are having a touching moment?\" he said with a hint of disgust in his voice as he walked over to Chaplin. \"Go away.\" \"Danny please,\" begged Chaplin, raising up his hands trying to defend himself. \"I am not trying to harm your career in any way possible. I just wanted to apologize for what I did to you.\" \"I'm listening,\" replied Danny, lowering his guard a little as Chaplin stepped forward. \"Go on.\" Chaplin gulped nervously as Danny folded his arms in impatience. He wanted to get back to the moment at hand, but he knew that Chaplin had something to say and waited to hear him out. \"Danny,\" confessed Chaplin. \"I wanted to send a message to movie audiences that the world was changing and that they had to change with it. I needed your help to get that message across because if we are to challenge the Fuerher's way of life that he is spreading through Europe, we need the help of our Russian brothers. You have to believe me as I tell you this.\" \"Charlie,\" sighed Danny, feeling tired of listening to communist rumors. \"One of these days, the world will admire The Great Dictator for what it is. But, it seems that now was not the right time to bring a film like this to the public, especially in this day and age.\" \"But, I wanted to tell you that you have absolutely nothing to do with this,\" continued Chaplin. \"If there is anyone who should be blame as a communist, it is me. My career may never be the same ever again, but you have a career ahead of you and Mammoth Studios should rehire you again when you return. We need animals like you to entertain the public for what they want to see and hear.\" Before Danny could respond to what Chaplin had to say, he put his hat on his head and left for the door. Now, with Pudge being accepted into a family of penguins and that he was cleared of communism, Danny had a wedding to prepare for as did Sawyer and what followed would be the biggest day in their lives…[Chapter 10] Chapter 10 \"Coming Full Circle\" \" With the communist scare over for Danny Cat, the premiere song and dance animal actor, America's favorite feline couple are back in business at Mammoth Studios. Meanwhile their little penguin costar Peabo \"Pudge\" Pudgemyer is in negotiations to be their best man for the private wedding for his brother-sister figures in Hollywood this summer. For the past few weeks, our favorite little penguin has faced a private tragedy with the death of his parents Pratrica and Peter Pudgemyer and now plans are being made for him to be adopted by studio mates Hubie and Marina Adelie. Good luck to the cats and the penguins.\" Those were the words that rang out through Hollywood airwaves in the days leading up to Danny and Sawyer's private wedding. However, after everything that happened to them, Danny and Sawyer were looking forward to their private wedding ceremony with their animal friends and family present and Pudge was fully accepting of being the best man or best bird or whatever you want to call it. On the day of the wedding, Sawyer was fidgety with her bouquet of flowers as her brother, Sam, nudged her gently. \"What's wrong, Sawyer?\" he asked softly. \"It's your big day. This is the moment you have been waiting for.\" \"I know,\" she whispered. \"I'm just hoping out for the best after everything that has happened.\" \"Ah, don't worry about it,\" he replied. \"Let's bring you to your man.\" As the sounds of Wagner's Bridal Chorus rang out through the church courtesy of Woolie Mammoth's piano playing, the attendants stood up as Sam led his sister down the aisle as Danny and his best man, Pudge awaited her. LB Mammoth was chosen to perform the wedding ceremony and Flannigan was tasked with holding on to the rings. When Sam brought Sawyer forward, he gave his sister a hug and kiss as he gave her to Danny and LB began the ceremony. \"Ladies and Gentlemen, Friends and Family,\" he began. \"We are gathered here to celebrate the union of Sawyer Anne Cat and Daniel Roger Cat in the presence of God and all his saints and angels. Daniel Cat, please take Sawyer's hand and repeat after me.\" Danny nervously took Sawyer's hand as he prepared to say his vows. LB said the vows and Danny and Sawyer repeated what they said to each other. Danny was first and was slightly nervous as he spoke. \"I, Danny take you, Sawyer to be my wife,\" he said, feeling slightly nervous as LB repeated each word. \"I promise to always be your biggest fan and your partner in crime. I promise to create and support a family with you, in a household filled with laughter, patience, understanding, and love. I vow not just to grow old together, but to grow together. I will love you faithfully through the difficult and the easy. What may come, I will always be there, each one believing that love never dies. As I have given you my hand to hold, so I give you my life to keep.\" Then, Sawyer was next as she tried to hold back tears until after the ceremony was over. I, Sawyer take you, Danny to be my husband,\" she vowed to her soon-to-be husband. \"I promise to always be your biggest fan and your partner in crime. I promise to create and support a family with you, in a household filled with laughter, patience, understanding, and love. I vow not just to grow old together, but to grow together. I will love you faithfully through the difficult and the easy. What may come, I will always be there, each one believing that love never dies. As I have given you my hand to hold, so I give you my life to keep.\" Just then, Tillie Hippo wiped away tears of happiness as Woolie Mammoth looked on from his piano. Woolie could well remember that night in his trailer where he inspired Danny and Pudge to bring the animals of Hollywood back together and now here was Danny, marrying the girl of his dreams. Soon, it was now time for the rings as Flannigan stepped forward with the rings that Danny and Sawyer would wear for all eternity. Danny was first to go as he took Sawyer's ring in his hand as LB once again performed the ring ceremony with Danny and Sawyer repeating what he would say. \"The ring is the symbol of the commitment which binds these two together,\" said LB. T\"here are two rings because there are two people, each to make a contribution to the life of the other, and to their new life together. Let us pray.\" The entire church fell silent as they all bowed their heads in prayer. After a moment, LB broke the silence \"Bless, O Lord, the giving of these rings,\" he continued. That they who wear them may abide together in your peace and grow in one another's eyes.\" Danny then looked at Sawyer's tear filled eyes as he placed her wedding ring on her finger with LB giving him the instructions on what to say. \"I Daniel Roger, give you, Sawyer Anne, this ring, as I give you myself,\" said Danny as he placed it on her finger. \"With love and affection. Wear it in peace always.\" Sawyer then took Danny's wedding ring and placed it on his finger as LB repeated what Sawyer had to say. \"I Sawyer Anne, give you, Daniel Roger, this ring, as I give you myself,\" with love and affection. Wear it in peace always.\" At that moment, everything seemed to come full circle as LB spoke the words that everyone wanted to hear. \"By the power vested in me and the people and animals of Hollywood, I now pronounce you husband and wife.\" Danny and Sawyer then turned and kissed each other as the entire church broke out in applause. Now, the circle had been completed: Danny and Sawyer were now married and Pudge had a family to call his own. Life could only get better and whatever happened from here on in, Danny, Sawyer and Pudge would face them with those who would support them forever. ","Summary":" Disclaimer 1: I do not own \"Cats Don't Dance,\" or its characters. They are property of Warner Bro"},{"Movie":"Last Samurai","Title":"Charcoal Drawing","Author":"HLecter511","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12921751","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter: The Fog … .. … .. … .. Captain Nathan Algren was not happy one bit. He had been apart of the US Army, fought in the American Indian Wars, and he had gone through all the training to prepare to fight and trained his past men to fight too. He had been approached by Colonel Bagley, who requested Nathan to train Imperial Japanese Army for a hefty amount of money. The army was requested by a man named Omura, and that is all Nathan knew about. Nathan was the one to decide whether the army was ready or not, but there was a need to push these not fully trained men into battle against a rebellious samurai group. Omura wanted the samurais crushed. The decision to end the training earlier than the deadline was because there was a great ambition to find this samurai known as Katsumoto and take him down with the rest of his samurais. Nathan was not happy, and he knew this would turn out bad. But that was not the only reason for his anger. Along his journey to Japan, Nathan was accompanied by his little sister, Ana. He would not leave her behind alone in America without him. She was ambitious, but also, she was determine young woman. She kept Nathan in line, and she could put men in their place if she needed to. She was also the one who was sketching out the journey in leather bound books. The new surroundings was interesting to Ana, and Nathan saw how much Ana wanted to learn about the culture and language. He saw how she picked up a few words and learned how to put on a kimono. He was happy to see her happy. But the reason why Nathan's anger was even worst, other than being ignored about the army not being ready, Nathan was angry because they made Ana come along with him to the battlefield to take in the battle scene so that she could sketch it out. Ana assured him she would be fine, even getting into a heated argument with him until she got the last word. Nathan backed down, knowing he would not win the battle against his sister, who was an eight years younger than him. Nathan glanced at his sister, riding alongside him on a thoroughbred horse. She was dressed in riding gear to be able to move quick if she needed to run. Nathan gave her one of his spare handgun and knife, in case she would need to defend herself. As they rode along the road on their horses, the regiments were formed in two file lines behind them, and marching along the road. The group cut through a village, which was burnt down to the ground by Katsumoto and his men. Villagers walked by the army with blank stares, carrying what they could from their destroyed homes. \"A thousand miles of rail track laid in less than two years. It's astonishing.\" Graham said, riding up alongside Nathan. \"And Omura owns all of it?\" Nathan asked. \"As soon as he can get rid of the Samurai, he will, yes.\" A low hum escaped from Ana, realizing how rich Omura was. \"How do you intend to find Katsumoto?\" Graham asked. The horses rode alongside railroad track ride, which presently a train parked on. \"Don't worry, Mr. Graham. I assure you, he'll find us.\" \"I really do not wish to think that.\" Ana mumbled, but Nathan heard her as he shot her a sheepish grin. \"You do know I will not let anything happen to you, Ana.\" \"I know, Nathan.\" Ana replied with a gentle smile. … .. … .. Days Later: ….. … .. Ana's hand twitched toward the saddle bag on her horse. Her sketch book was inside the saddle bag, and Ana wanted to take it out and draw the scenery surrounding them, but she would memorize the scene instead to draw it later on. With Nathan leading everyone, when he came to a stop, everyone came to a stop. The position they were in was in a forest was shrouded by thick fog. They were in the Yoshino Province. When Nathan rode away from the head of the group and rode down the line to make sure the regiment was lined up correctly. He began to yell out orders, preparing everyone to load up their weapons and prepare to face their opponent. The area was a location where the Samurais were known to appear. Ana rode alongside Simon Graham, a translator assigned to help Nathan. The two rode up to be near Nathan. \"Where is Hasegawa?\" Nathan asked, looking straight at Graham for an answer. \"Apparently, he refuses to fight against Katsumoto.\" Graham answered. Nathan clenched his teeth, looking past Ana and Graham to scan the area. His eyes came to rest on the General Hasegawa on top of his horse, who was not moving from the spot as his soldiers ran by him to get ready. Nathan pulled the reins of his horse to turn back around to go command the regiment. \"Captain Algren. We are not here as combatants.\" Bailey stated. \"Then who's gonna lead these men?\" Nathan faced Bagley with a look of rage. \"Their own officers. Let's move to the rear.\" Bagley snapped back. \"We'll be there presently.\" Nathan growled, turning the horse and his back to Bagley. \"Fix bayonets!\" Nathan shouted to the men. Soon, Gant step forward to shout the same order to the rest of the regiment that might not had heard. With the command, the soldiers did the action as quick as possible. \"Mr. Graham and Ms. Algren, you will accompany me to the rear.\" \"Yes, of course.\" Graham said, not planning to stay behind like Nathan and Gant. With a turn of the horse, Graham began to follow after Bagley. However, when Bagley halted the horse, Graham halted his horse. The two men looked at Ana, who was not following them. Her eyes stayed on her older brother. \"Ms. Algren?\" Bagley called for her. \"I'm staying.\" \"Ms. Algren, please come with us. I do not wish to see an attractive woman such as yourself be put into harms way.\" Bagley tried to reason with her, even giving her a charming smile. \"I am staying with my brother, who is showing nothing but bravery. Don't worry about me, Bagley, you should know I am a great rider, especially more than yourself.\" Ana shot him a look with a challenging raise of the eyebrow. Turning back around on the saddle, Ana tapped the sides of her horse. The horse took off in a leisure gallop, getting away from Bagley, who shouted after her to come back. She ignored him and rode toward her brother and Gant. \"Sergeant Gant, report to the rear and see to the disposition of the supply trains.\" Nathan said, glancing at Gant. When Gant stood nearby Nathan, loading up his rifle, Nathan faced him with disbelief. Nathan eyes shot up when he heard galloping and saw Ana come riding up to his side. Nathan gave her a small nod, knowing there was no stopping his sister from joining him. Nathan turned his attention back to his oldest and loyalist comrade and friend, Gant. \"Sergeant Gant, did you hear my order?\" \"I did, indeed sir!\" Gant said with his Irish accent deeper when he spoke in a loud tone. \"Then you will obey it. Now!\" \"No disrespect intended, sir, but shove it up your ass.\" Gant told him. Ana could not help but let out a small short laugh, which earned a glare from Nathan. Before Nathan could say anything, there was a weird horn like sound that emerged from the other side of the forest, echoing through the span on the forest. \"Load!\" \"Load! The regiment loaded up their guns, now, they stood there with their rifles across their chests. They all faced forwards, not seeing anything in the thick fog that hugged the forest trees. There was a loud warrior like yell across the forest with other yells. The front line of the regiment began to move unsteadily on their feet, fear sinking into their bodies. There were stories of the Samurai, and those stories brought fear throughout the men in the regiment. There were more yells from the forest, and the horn became louder. The sound of thudding hitting the ground hard was coming toward them. The sound of steel clanking together getting closer and closer. The wait for what would emerge from the thick fog made everyone feel anxious and fear. Ana rested her right hand on top of the handgun on her right hip, knowing she will be drawing it in this battle. The sounds got louder and louder, and then shadowy figures began to appear. The shadowy figures turned into warriors cladded in armor. Emerging from the fog and heading straight tow them were samurais. There were a few on horses, but so many of feet. As the samurais drew closer, not slowing down in their charge, it was clear this was going to be a brutal battle. \"Breathtaking.\" Ana whispered. The whole charge of the samurai line, emergence from out of the fog was a scene that imprinted in Ana's head. She wanted to sketch the powerful scene if she was to get out of this battle. The sketch would be proof she survived the battle, but also, how powerful the samurai looked. \"Assume firing positions!\" Nathan commanded. \"Assume firing positions!\" Gant yelled next. The soldiers went into the firing positions. The samurais were getting closer to their line. \"Fire on my order only!\" Nathan shouted next. When the samurais got closer, everything about them was easier to see. The armor, the shine from their sharp swords or spears in their hands. Helmets with mask to hide the lower part of their faces. Those who were on horses got closer to the line faster. They sat upright on the horses and there was no falter in their powerful posture on top of the equally powerful horses. There was someone in line who fired out of fear, which made Nathan to look in the direction with a glare. \"Hold your fire!\" But Nathan's command was drowned out as the others began to fire. The regiment men began to figure out of fear, especially with how close the samurais were. \"Reload!\" Nathan shouted as he began to fire his own handgun. Ana pulled out the handgun, pulled the hammer back and began to fire too. Growing up with Nathan as a brother, and his good friend being Gant, Ana was taught to defend herself. She was taught to fire various guns; she was taught to fight with a bayonet; and she was taught to fight with a saber. Nathan wanted her to be able to defend herself when she was alone at the house while he was off in a war. In addition, Gant personally taught her how to fight hand to hand combat. He made it fun and Ana had many laughs with Gant when he would get into his rants with his Irish accent, which would get a lot deeper in his rants. The line was breaking apart, moving backwards and not focusing on their aim of fire. Soon, the line broke apart and everyone was running everywhere. Nathan tried to keep the line steady, but it fell to deaf ears. \"Fire at will!\" Ana took out a few breathes to try calming herself down, but she knew that won't happen. She ducked as a samurai on top of a horse tried to slice her head off. She tapped her horses sides, where the horse took off and weaved around the trees to evade attacks. She fired a few shots from the handgun, taking down anyone who came close to her. Riding around the area with an empty handgun, she continued to move. Although she gaze around the forest and saw the large group of samurais had them surrounded. Within seconds, the circle was closing in and the many samurai were taking everyone down with quickness. Ana turned the horse around, where she watched a samurai in red armor stab Gant right in the stomach, putting an end to Gant. \"ZEB!\" Ana and Nathan shouted at the same time. Nathan was trying to fight as many samurais as possible on top of his horse with his saber drawn, but his horse ended up rearing up and shoved over by a samurai on their own horse. The horse gone down on its side, and Nathan scramble across the ground and picked up a spear to fight with. Ana tapped her horse's side to move toward Nathan. Yet an arrow was shot at her, slicing through the top of her right shoulder and she ended up off her horse. She slammed backwards on the ground, trying not to scream out in pain at the painful shock that was going through her shoulder. Pushing herself up onto her hands and knees, she began to crawl a bit and search the ground for a weapon. Her pale green color eyes looked up to see Nathan being surrounded. The spear with a flag at the end of it as his weapon, and he was swinging the spear around to keep the samurais back from him. When her hand came in contact with a samurai's sword, she gripped the handle and lifted it up, ready to use it as a weapon. Her hat slid off her head causing her bundle up hair to slip out of its bun to fall down in soft waves to the middle of her back. As her hat fluttered to the ground, there was a tip of a sword that was coming down toward her face. Out of pure reaction, Ana brought the samurai sword up and let out a small grunt at the force of that the other sword made against the samurai sword she held. Her hands shook against the hilt of the samurai sword. Slowly she looked up from her knees at who was the samurai that almost chopped her head off. Her eyes made connection with a samurai dressed in dark navy blue and black armor with a dark gold circle on the torso piece. There armor helmet had tall sharp horns, and a piece was over the lower part of their face and continued down to protect their throat area. She only saw brown eyes stare at her with a hint of shock, most likely because she was a woman. The samurai looked down at the sword she used to block against his samurai sword. She was glad that managed to bring up to protect herself and to hold back the force of his swing. His sword came off of hers, but he had the sword angle in a way to attack her if she made any threatening moves towards him. Slowly, she set the samurai sword down to the ground while she kept her wide eyes on the samurai before her. The samurai moved closer to her, and then knelt down to take the samurai sword away from her. There was a sound of grunting that made her to turn her head away, needing to know what was going on with Nathan. She saw him on his back with the red armor samurai, who killed Gant earlier, standing over him. The samurai poised his sword in the air, aimed toward Nathan's chest area. \"No!\" Ana shouted as she gone to stand up, but she was stopped. The samurai grabbed hold of her from behind, now keeping their sword upon her. As the red armor samurai gone to stab Nathan, Nathan used the last bit of his strength to stab a broken spear through the red armor samurai neck and shoved him off of him. Ana could not help but drop to her knees in relief. She gone to push herself back up when she saw the group of samurai about to move on Nathan, but was stopped by a sharp command. Her eyes gone to the one that shouted the command, seeing how much authority the samurai had. She eyed the black and gold armor, seeing how other samurai surrounded him. She felt this was the leader. This was Katsumoto. A hand pushed her forward causing her to wince at the sharp pain that gone through her right shoulder. Her eyes stayed on Nathan, who was pulled up by two samurai and was dragged away. She gone to run forward, but the samurai that walked behind her with their sword drawn, grabbed her and said something to her in a low yet hard manner. Ana did not understand, and she stared at samurai who held her at sword point. She looked at Katsumoto, who stared back at her. She gathered the courage to stand a bit taller and stare directly at Katsumoto. She pointed after her brother. \"My brother. My brother.\" Ana said repeatedly, seeing Katsumoto glance toward Nathan and then he was staring back at her. A few moments passed before Katsumoto made a command. A samurai came up to Ana, grabbing her by the left arm and was dragging her off in the direction of Nathan. She let out a sharp whistle, which made the samurais around to tense up, but loosen up as she whistle for her horse. Her horse galloped up and nodded its head, kicking the ground. The samurai pushed her toward her horse, to which she pulled herself on. She gritted her teeth at the pain going through her right arm when she was adjusting herself up onto the horse. Another samurai came over to tie her wrists together and then the other end of the top was tied to another horse. The horse was led by a samurai, who began to move forward. Ana eyes shot over to Nathan, who was slouched over in the saddle. She could see the stab wounds on his body making her to frown as she was watching Nathan weaken by the second. Their horses moved alongside each other. Ana noticed Nathan eyed something to her left. She turned her head to the left where the horses were going by a row of trees. But between the row of trees, she could see a group of samurais on their knees and staring at General Hasegawa, who was knelt down on his knees with a short sword pointed at his stomach. Ana watched as Katsumoto stepped forward, standing slight to the side yet behind Hasegawa with his samurai sword poised in the air. She could not take her eyes off what was happening. She watched as Hasegawa shoved the short sword through his stomach, Katsumoto let out a warriors yell before he sliced Hasegawa head off. Katsumoto then bowed at the waist and the rest of the samurais that were around, bowed too. Ana eyes pulled off the scene to look at her brother to the right of her to see him slump over a bit more in the saddle, and his eyes were halfway open. She could see the pain and tiredness in his eyes. \"Nathan, what will happen now?\" Ana whispered. \"I do not know, Ana. We can only wait.\" Nathan replied weakly, blinking slowly. Ana swallowed a little harder before she looked down at her tied wrists, and trying not to panic or think about Nathan and her outcome. … .. … .. … .. … .. … .. Hi Everyone, Here is a new series. I apologize if there is any sort of information or facts wrong. Disclaimer for this chapter and the future chapters: I do not own anything about The Last Samurai series. However, I do own my original character, Ana. Please Review, Favorite, and/or Follow! Enjoy! Thank you![Chapter 2] Chapter: Respect … .. … .. … .. With the forest battlefield left behind, the direction they were heading in was away from all civilization. Thin dirt trails that were barely noticeable was what the long line of samurais traveled on. The forest disappeared. Grassy plains and hill took over. In the distance, large mountains stood with snowy tops. The scenery was breath taking to Ana, and she wished to draw it. She wanted the rope off her wrists for her to be able to reach in the saddle bag to grab her sketchbook. Yet even if the ropes were taken off of her, she would freeze in her spot by the sharp glares from the samurai that held her at sword point. The samurai who had a gold circle symbol on the torso armor. His helmet was off now, and he had thick shoulder length black hair, and he had a perfectly trimmed almost completed goatee. His dark brown eyes were on her every time she made a move in the horse's saddle. It did not help either that the rope she was tied with was attached to his horse's saddle. After a good, long travel, Ana saw traces of smoke in the distance. The horses began to go down a hill and then up a slow incline of a hill. It was where she saw a village, and she could see the village surrounded on one side with grassy lands and hills, and the other side was woods. The mountains were off in the distance, and Ana knew if she got the opportunity, she would draw those mountains. Her eyes ran along the villagers, who came forward on either side of the dirt road which led up to the center of the village. The villagers bowed as the samurais rode on by. Ana did not say anything as the horse came to a stop. The serious samurai slid off his horse, untying the rope which Ana was attached to from his horse's saddle. He came forward to her saddle and gestured her down from the horse. She slid off it, landing in a slight crouch but she stood back up. There were two samurais that came up, grabbing her by her biceps and were leading her forward. She watched as Nathan was pushed to his knees. She was soon pushed down onto her knees on Nathan's right side. Ana eyes shot forward where she saw Katsumoto step forwards. His eyes flickered between Ana and Nathan, but his eyes soon settle on Nathan. \"What is your name?\" Katsumoto said clearly in english, but a bit of an accent to his tone. Ana glanced at Nathan in the corner of her eyes, seeing him swaying in his spot. She knew he was about to pass out at any moment. Ana could see Nathan continue to stare at Katsumoto with a tired look. Her eyes moved forward and she went to open his mouth to answer, but she watched the serious samurai step away from Katsumoto and stepped toward Nathan with a glare upon his face. The serious ninja said something to Nathan, who did not falter in his spot. Ana eyes widen a bit as the serious samurai spat at Nathan, who still did not flinch. Ana held back a gasp as the serious samurai whipped his samurai sword out and placed it against the side of Nathan's neck. Ana stared at her older brother, seeing how he still did not flinch. She knew her brother stared at death too many times, and he showed it at this moment. Ana saw the serious samurai's face twitch, clearly annoyed that Nathan did not show any fear. Katsumoto said a short comment, which Ana assumed was a command because she watched the serious samurai stand tall and slid his samurai sword back into its sheath. His face twitched a little before he turned on the heels of his feet and walked away. Ana stared after him, but her attention turned back to Katsumoto, who began to speak. \"This is my son's village.\" Katsumoto pointed at a young man, who stood beside him in yellowish gold armor and long dark hair. \"We are deep in the mountains and winter is coming. You cannot escape.\" Katsumoto said and then turned away, walking away from them. \"Jolly good.\" The young man said before he followed after Katsumoto. This time Ana let out a gasp as Nathan collapsed onto his side and did not move. She looked at the samurais, who bent down and picked Nathan up. She stood up and was nudged a little to follow the ones that brought Nathan to a home where a woman slid open the shoji door. Ana gave a small nod to the woman, who let them into her home. … .. Ana was in a bare room with nothing but a futon in the middle. She stood by the window, staring out at the scenery. The window stared out at the forest. There was the sound of feet coming toward the door, which made her to turn in her spot to see the woman again, but with Katsumoto beside her. The woman gave a small bow, setting a wood box and folded up clothes down near the opening of the doorway. The woman walked away before Katsumoto stood in the doorway, staring at Ana. \"What is your name?\" Katsumoto asked slowly. \"Ana Algren.\" \"It is nice to meet you, Ana Algren.\" \"Please, call me Ana.\" Ana gave a small grin. \"Ana…the man is your brother? Family?\" \"Yes, he is my older brother.\" Ana answered with a small nod. \"I see. This was good conversation.\" \"Before you go…\" Ana held out her hand causing Katsumoto to pause before he was about to walk away. \"Who is the woman?\" \"My sister, Taka.\" \"Taka. Thank you.\" Ana gave a small bow of the head. Katsumoto returned the bow before he walked away. Ana walked toward the box in the doorway to see it contained oils and a brush. She realized it was bathing items. She did take a look over herself to see she was covered in dirt, sweat and blood. She did smell and she hoped she would be led to a bath or something to wash her body off. When the sound of footsteps came toward the door, she looked to the door to see it was the serious samurai. Ana and the serious ninja stared at one another until Katsumoto appeared to say something to the serious samurai. The serious samurai gave a small nod to Katsumoto before his eye were on her. \"Would you like to take a bath after the battlefiled?\" Katsumoto asked. \"That would be great.\" Ana said lowly. Katsumoto nodded, and he glanced slightly behind him at the silent samurai before Katsumoto eyes came back to rest on her. \"This is Ujio. He will take you to the spring to bath. While your brother is in the care of Taka.\" \"O-okay.\" Ana nodded. Ana knelt down to pick up the bathing box then stood up to follow the serious samurai that she now knew as Ujio. She almost ran after Ujio as he did not wait up for her, but with long strides she caught up to Ujio. Ujio glanced at her and then looked away with a low 'tsk' sound. He mumbled something underneath his breath, keeping his harden eyes forward. Ana tried not to look at him, tried to ignore him as he continued to mumble something underneath his breath, especially when villagers stared at them. Even though Ana could not understand the language, she could tell by Ujio's tone of voice he was not happy with leading her around. There was a twinge in her stomach, where it began to get stronger. She recognized it as anger and annoyance. She had this feeling before with Nathan when he would be impossible to deal with, and so she would set him in his place. They walked along a dirt path, which led into the forest. Ana stared around at the new surroundings, taking in every little thing possible. She made sure to memorize the way, noticing anything sticking out to her eyes. The trickling of water made her to stare ahead, seeing a lot of boulders around one area. She saw a few flowers growing out of the moss covered boulders. She eyed tiny streams trickling down the boulders and into a large pool of water surrounded by the large boulders. Her eyes settle on Ujio, who leaned against a boulder and eyed her with narrowed eyes. With a sharp commanded, he shot his hand to the spring. The gesture was aimed for her to go bath. She made way to another boulder to hide behind to undress, but before she gone to, she turned to Ujio. He stood up against the boulder and continued to glare at her. \"I do not know if you understand me, but show me some respect. It is not my fault you got stuck with me. I did nothing to offend you. So, have decency to respect me as I will respect you. Understand?\" Ana stepped closer to Ujio, speaking slowly but strongly with each word escaping from her mouth. Ujio eyes narrowed more, but then soften up. He gave a small humming sound and took a step back from her, giving a small bow of the head. She gave one in return then turned her back to him, walking to hide behind the boulder to undress. … .. Ana tried not to stand up or make any movement to flash her naked body. She could see Ujio from her spot, and he kept his back turned to her, but she was afraid to make any quick, sudden movements to draw his attention. The wood bathing box was set on a flat part of the boulder edge. Ana would slowly and carefully take the accessories out, trying not to make much noise. The box was set nearby Ujio, therefore, she really tried to be as quiet as possible and tried not to draw his attention on her. Yet the silence did not last as Ana accidentally hit a bottle over and watched it roll off the boulder and dropped on the ground. \"Oh no.\" Ana whispered, ducking into the water with only her head above the water level. Ujio knelt down to pick up the bottle, turning around to set it back on the boulder. She said a small 'thank you' and reached for the bottle to take it in her hand. Her green eyes made contact with Ujio, who quickly looked away and moved a little unsteadily on his feet. Ana finished the bathing and got out, and picked up the new set of clothes. She eyed the kimono, not quite sure how she was going to put it on with an injured shoulder. She managed to get most of it on, but the obi was the problem as her shoulder began to act up. A frustrated huff escaped her, which drew Ujio's attention. \"Can you help with finish putting on the obi?\" Ana held up the navy blue obi with one hand and her other hand held the kimono together. A sharp inhale from Ujio made Ana to pause. She took a small step back, not knowing if she did some sort of action that was seen as offensive. As she gone to take another step back, Ujio stepped froward to take the obi from her and he stood close. Ana watched closely as Ujio work the obi around her waist. Although he came to a stop, staring at her right shoulder where a slice mark was on top of her shoulder, slightly bleeding. He resumed in the obi, standing behind her to tuck in the back. He stepped around her and stared her up and down before he turned away. Quickly, Ana grabbed the box with bathing accessories and gone after Ujio, who did not appear to slow down his pace. It was clear he wanted to get back to Taka's home to be out of Ana's presence. But as they entered the village, he was going down a different trail instead of the one back to Taka's home. Ana did not say anything, only followed until she saw a lone home away from everyone. It was smaller than Taka's home, but nicely built and well maintained. He stepped up onto the desk and slid the shoji door open, slipping his sandals off inside. Ana followed his lead, slipping the sandals off her own feet. She set everything down near the sandals too, realizing she was most likely in Ujio's home. She did not want to make him anymore annoyed by tracking dirt in his home. Ujio pointed to a low table and walked out of the room. Ana took the gesture as to sit at the table, and so she sat down at the end of the table. It took her a couple of seconds in the kimono to comfortably sit down on the top of her legs and sit back on her heels. Constant thuds made Ana to look to the left where Ujio walked in with a small tray. He set it down on the table, where Ana saw bandages and two bottles with liquid inside. Her eyes shot up to Ujio, who moved to her right side where her injury was. \"Off.\" Her eyes shot to him, making eye connection with him. It was the first word she heard him say in english. She had a feeling he understood english, not all of the English language, but the basics like she knew some basic Japanese words. Ana got a little flustered up as she loosen up the kimono to slide the top slightly down to show off the top of her shoulders. With her left hand, she held the top together to not the top half fall anymore and reveal her chest. A gasp escaped her as Ujio cleaned the wound before he moved her right arm to extend out and he began to wrap up her arm. Her eyes flickered to his hands than upward to meet his eyes for a brief moment. She looked away, trying to not fluster up. It had only been the first day of being brought to this village, and Ana did not know what her brother and she were considered to the samurais. She did not know whether Nathan and she were brought here as prisoners or regular people who Katsumoto taken interest in. Although the samurai, who carefully was wrapping her arm, Ujio clearly showed his dislike toward Nathan earlier. When Ujio finished with her bandages, she pulled the top up and adjusted it. She turned her head to stare at him, watching as he set the excess bandages down. \"Thank you.\" Ana whispered. Ujio gave her a simple nod, not looking at her. Ana looked away, staring down at her lap where she was clasping her hands together and playing with her fingers. \"Respect.\" The simple word made Ana's head to shoot up and stare at Ujio with surprise. She stared at him as he finally looked up to return her stare with a serious look. \"You respect. Me respect.\" Ana did not correct the last part of his comment, but she gave him a small nod to show she understood what he demanded. Since she demanded his respect earlier, she would need to give him respect in return, which she will without question. Ujio stood up from the table and picked up the tray to leave the room again. The next time he returned, this time he brought her straight to Taka's home and left after he delivered her back at the place she was to stay at. Ana stood on the deck of Taka's home, staring at Ujio walking away. Ana found Ujio to be a serious man, but after he had wrapped her arm for her and started to show respect after she confronted him about it, Ana knew there was a soft side in Ujio somewhere. Yet, Ana knew it would be hard to make his soft side to emerge from his harden exterior. … .. … .. … .. … .. … .. Hi Everyone, Here was a new chapter. Please Review, Favorite, and/or Follow! Review. Thank You![Chapter 3] Chapter: Sketching New Surroundings … .. … .. … .. She sat on the end of the deck at Taka's home with her sketch book in her hands. A charcoal pencil in her right hand, gently drawing quick lines across the page. Her pale green eyes would glance up, staring at the scenery of the village before her eyes. The sound of feet made Ana to glance behind her, going a bit wide eyes as she saw her older brother Nathan up. Her eyebrows raised a bit as Nathan stared around with a look of confusion. For the past couple of nights, Nathan had been going through a serious of nightmares from his past wartimes. Ana respected Taka for not giving sake to Nathan even when he would demand it. Ana could see how the color in Nathan began to come back each day. As Ana stared at him now, she could see he seemed refresh and stronger. There was a limp in his step and his hand would unconsciously go to his side where one of his many injuries were, but he stood tall. \"Nathan.\" \"Ana.\" Nathan walked toward her with a limp. Ana stood up and hugged Nathan as he hugged her when he got close. She let go to stare at him as he rested his hands on top of her shoulders, taking in the kimono she was wearing. His dark greenish blue eyes came back to meet her eyes. \"Have you been okay?\" \"Yes, and I am taking in our new surroundings.\" Ana said, looking out at the village. \"What is it like?\" \"Quiet, respectful and discipline.\" Ana said, her eyes settling out on the fields where she saw a small group of samurai men prepare to start their practice. \"I am being followed.\" Nathan whispered to her. Ana looked around Nathan to see an older man with two samurai swords on his sides. He stood with an emotionless face, staring at the back of Nathan's head. Ana gave a small grin as she turned her head back around to stare at Nathan. \"We are strangers here.\" \"Why don't you have someone on you?\" \"Maybe I am more trustworthy. But I am a stranger, so I believe that I do have someone watching over me in a way.\" Ana said as she stepped away from Nathan to kneel down to pick up her sketchbook and charcoal pencil. \"Who?\" Nathan asked as his eyes followed her stand up from her knelt down position with her items in hand. \"I hope that I pronounce this right…Ujio.\" \"Ujio? Who is that?\" \"It is the samurai who hates your guts since your arrival.\" \"The one that—Wait, him? Maybe I should stick around you and…\" Nathan moved closer to her and looked around with this alertness on his face. Ana reached out to rest her hand on Nathan's shoulder, and gave his shoulder a gentle squeeze. \"I am fine with Ujio, Nathan. I think we came to understand of one another.\" Ana said as she stepped off the deck and slid her feet into her sandals. Ana held the sketchbook to her chest and she turned halfway around as she heard Nathan make a low grunt sound. Her eyes settle on him as he had stepped off the deck with the samurai behind him, keeping eyes on Nathan. \"Oh, and how is that?\" Nathan asked with narrowed eyes. \"We found a common ground of respect for one another.\" \"You do know he was the one who put a sword to my neck!\" \"You were fine though.\" Ana pointed out as she began to walk away. \"Really, Ana? Really?\" Nathan threw his hands up and dropped them onto his sides. Ana laughed as she continued to walk down the small hill and off of Taka's property. She walked through the dirt road with the sketchbook clenched to her chest. Her right hand clasping the charcoal pencil tightly. There were a couple of small buildings she walked around before she appeared on the edge of the grassy field, staring at the small group of samurai men train. There was a spot underneath a lone tree beside the grassy field. There were a couple of piles of chopped wood and buckets filled with water that sat nearby the tree too. Ana snuck her way over there, sitting down beneath the tree with the sketchbook. Her eyes flicker up to stare at the men get in four lines with Ujio in front of the four lines. They all faced the same way, and began to go through a series of motions. Everyone was in sync and moved precisely at the same time upon Ujio command. It was clear how much practice gone into this training, and how much discipline was set in these training sessions. With a blank page, Ana began to sketch the scene in front of her. Her eyes flicker up and down from the samurai men to the once blank page. As she focused on the sketch, she blocked out everything around her. Her concentration was set upon the scene in front of her, and the image she had in her head on what she wanted her sketch to look like. … .. Years of focus and discipline was driven in Ujio. Years of focus and breathing, and to take in the surroundings. As usual, he led the group of men through their stances with their katanas. A simple change in tone, a single note, and all of them moved fluently together on precise time. Ujio slid the katana back into its sheath and stood up tall. He faced the others, but caught sight of the American man, who was also Ana's older brother. Ujio eyes narrowed on him with a slight twitch in the jaw, wanting to confront the American man. Although Ujio stood back to watch as the American man walked around to observe everything going on. As Ujio let his eyes follow the American man, Ujio eyes soon came to rest on the lone tree near the fields. He stood tall when his eyes came to settle on her. The woman who stood face to face against him and demanded him for respect and in return, she would respect him too. The men continued to work together, but switched to bokken swords to practice against each other. The practice with the bokken was efficient and less dangerous. It also allowed them to preserve the finesses and quality of their sharpen katana blades. A couple steps to move away from the group of samurai, Ujio eyes stayed on Ana. He saw her with some sort of book in her lap, but saw her right hand move constantly across the page. After a few seconds, Ujio realized Ana was drawing, and soon enough he would get his answer on what she was drawing. When Ana looked up to look over the samurai men, her eyes came to settle on him. She quickly bowed her head, lifting her sketchbook a little higher as if the book would hide her face from his stare. Ujio walked toward her, wanting to confront her about why she should not be present in the training field. As he got closer, he watched as her green eyes got wider. He had to admit, he never saw such unique color eyes before. Eyes which would reflect passionate emotions. As Ujio stared at her, he took in how there was a little resemblance between Ana and her older brother. Ana was an enigma to Ujio. He could not quite understand why the American woman appeared in his thoughts more than he liked her to. Those thoughts would make him meditate a lot more than usual. As he would meditate, he would try to seek reasoning or to clear his mind of such thoughts, but curiosity would eat at him. It made him to think she was a mysterious to him because she was from another country that had different customs and different characteristics. When Ujio spoke to Katsumoto with Nobutada about what was to be done about the two Americans in their village, Katsumoto wanted the two to stay alive, but also to be watched over. Katsumoto made an implication to Ujio about keeping an eye on Ana, as Katsumoto saw her as a woman with strength and respect within her. Taka would keep an eye on Nathan, but she would also keep eyes on Ana too, since they were both staying in her home. Ujio knew Katsumoto was right about Ana. She did hold strength in her, and she was the type of woman who demanded respect. On the battlefield when his katana connected with the katana she held up in front of her face, she stared up at him with those green eyes, and he saw the fierce gleam in them. Then at the bathing spring when she demanded his respect, he saw the fierce side of her again. There was definitely strength and courage in Ana, and Ujio thought how he did not want to be on the short end with Ana if she ever became angry. As he came to stand in front of Ana, opening his mouth to speak, he end up shutting his mouth. His eyes settle on the sketchbook on her lap where there was a half drawn sketch. Unconsciously, Ujio knelt down beside her to stare at the sketch to take in the detail more closely. He was struck by a sense of awe. The sketch was halfway complete, but he could see what Ana had in mind. The sketch showed the grassy field, and then it showed him. He saw a couple more outlines behind his sketch figure, but Ana appeared to be focus on detailing every little thing on the surroundings. He slid his eyes off of the sketch, especially the fact she sketched him first, and his eyes met her eyes. Ujio forgot about the fact he was to shoo her away from the area. Instead, he found himself stand back up and continued to stare at her. His eyes flicker to the sketch book and than her. \"Good.\" Ujio pointed at the sketch before he turned his back to her and walk back to the field. All was forgotten about kicking Ana out of the area, and Ujio could not shake the feel and sight of those green eyes. … .. … .. … .. When Ana left the grassy field, noticing the training was coming to an end, she made the decision to explore the village. With Ujio distracted with the group of samurai, Ana took it upon herself to walk alone. Usually Ujio would follow, but since he was distracted, Ana escaped under his watchful eyes. Ana walked through the village, picking out certain sights to do a sketch. For now, she clenched her sketchbook to her chest and let herself take in everything. She noticed the curious and hesitate stares shot her way, and she completely understood why. She was a stranger in the village, someone who was from another country with different customs. Ana simply kept a soft expression as she walked, making sure to not make any sort of expression where it might offend in some way. There was a small grin that appeared onto her lips at the sight of children running around and playing what appeared to be tag. Ana continued to walk until she ended up on the dirt path. She remembered there were dirt paths throughout the woods, and one of them led to the springs. Ana veered off on a small path, staring around at the forest surroundings. Her eyes flicker to the tree tops where the sun peek through the leaves. She found herself go deeper into the forest until she settle down on a bunch of boulders when she noted the path came to an end. On top of the boulders, Ana opened up the sketchbook to sketch the forest. Although she paused in her movement at the sight which appeared about a hundred feet from her. She did not know what to do when she caught sight of a bear. Never before had she seen a bear, but seeing one now, it was a beautiful sight. Although Ana knew how dangerous it was to be in the presence of a bear. Ana made no movements, not wanting to draw any sort of attention to her location. She did not want to draw the attention of a predator, which could easily take her down with a single swipe of a large paw. \"Ana.\" Ana held up a hand, not even turning to face whoever said her name. Ujio appeared behind her, opening his mouth to scowl her, but stopped as he followed where her finger pointed. There was a low gasp sound from Ujio, showing he was staring with awe at the bear too. \"I am trying not to move.\" Ana whispered. \"Do not.\" Ujio said, eyes not coming off the bear. The bear was walking around in a slow circle. The bear soon laid down, but kept its head perked up. It was then the bushes near the bear rustle, and then out popped two bear cubs. The two cubs tackled one another and played around. Ana felt Ujio grab her forearm, tugging her backwards. She let him pull her backwards, and she found out how strong he was as he lifted her off the boulder with ease. He did not set her down, but carried her a good distance down the path before he set her down. The two did not say anything as they continued down the path. Ujio hand rested on one of his katana, prepared to defend if necessary. Although he would not need to use his weapon as Ana and he were near the opening of the forest. Before Ana could go through the opening to enter the village, Ujio grabbed hold of her wrist. When Ana turned and glanced up at Ujio, his expression was enough to show what he felt. There was clear frustration in his expression, and he was not happy with her. He began to speak in a rapid pace, which she could not understand, but by his tone, he was really pissed off at her. Ana opened her mouth, but shut it as Ujio shot her a glare. He simply turned away from her and began to walk away, but paused to look back and gesture for her to follow. Ana sighed and followed after him while she mumbled underneath her breath. Ujio shot her another glare as she mumbled. He stepped closer to her to show he heard her and he wanted to know what she said. \"At least teach me some of your language so I can understand what you are yelling at toward me.\" Ana said as she moved around Ujio to walk ahead. A grunt escaped Ujio before he walked quicker to appear beside her. \"Teach you?\" Ujio said slowly. \"Yes, teach me to understand your language.\" Ana said slowly, seeing how Ujio was focusing on every word she would say. The two came to a stop near Taka's home, staring at one another. The two did not blink, waiting to break the connection with each other. Although the fact Ana did not falter her eyes off of Ujio made him to break the connection. He glanced at her in the corner of his eyes and then he turned away from her with his arms crossed over his chest. He turned his head just enough to glance over his right shoulder to give her a side glance. \"Teach you. You teach me.\" Ujio said before he walked away from her. Ana could not stop the smile which appeared on her lips. She watched Ujio walk away with long strides, not faltering in his steps as he was walking on uneven grounds. The smile stayed on her face as she entered Taka's home, ignoring the raised eyebrow look she got from Nathan as she walked by him. She simply gone to the room she was assigned and slid the door shut, and slid down to her knees where the smile continued to brighten up her face. She could not figure out why she was so very excited about the lessons with Ujio as she knew Ujio and her would most likely fight with each other. But, Ana found this an opportunity to not be breaking down the language barrier between Ujio and her, but she would get to learn about the custom more, and maybe, just maybe, she could get Ujio to lighten up. … .. … .. … .. … .. … .. Hi Everyone, Here was a new chapter. Thank you to the positive reviews. Also, thank you for following and favoriting this story. Much appreciated. Enjoy! Please Review, Favorite, and/or Follow! Thank You![Chapter 4] Chapter: Learning and Understanding … .. A Week Later … .. There was a scowl on Ana's face. Her expression was directed at the serious samurai named Ujio. There was the tiniest smirk on Ujio's lips due to her frustration about learning the Japanese language. A week passed since Ana requested Ujio to teach her the language. She had also managed to persuade Ujio, Katsumoto and Taka to teach her about the culture too. Within the couple of days, Ujio managed to teach her the basic greetings and words, and she taught him more basic English. The frustration Ana felt was due to trying to put the words into sentences. When Ana tried to put words into a sentence, Ujio let out a small sound and turned his head away to not make any amuse expression. However, Ana would catch his expression, and therefore, pouted and crossed her arms over her chest. When Ujio glanced back at her with the amused twinkle in his eyes for the umpteenth time, Ana finally stood up from the dining table and walked out of the room. \"Ana.\" Ujio called after her. Ana pushed one of the shoji doors open and stepped outside onto the porch to stare at the land, which surrounded the village. A part of Ujio's home faced the village, but the backside faced the woods and mountains. She stared at the landscape, taking in the fresh air and the sounds of nature. The air felt crisp and chill, making Ana to think about the winter seasoning coming. She was curious about what winter was like here. Her green eyes flicker up to the sky, seeing how dark and gloomy it was appearing. The change in weather made her to wonder if a storm was going to come. \"Ana.\" The presence of Ujio was a strong one, and he emitted an authority air about him. He was an individual who demanded respect. He was also someone that respected those who would show a hard working mentality. As he stood behind her, she knew he showed concern. It took her a couple of days of being one on one with him to realize that Ujio did show other emotions other than his serious and strict expressions. She managed to get a short laugh out of him, which greatly shocked her. She learned he had good patience, expect when it came to her older brother. \"Come…Cold outside.\" The small touch on her shoulder made her to almost tense up and jolt underneath his touch, but she maintained calm and collected. She was surprise with how comfortable he was being around her, and she could say the same. As a week passed, she began to be comfortable around him, even if he disliked her older brother. It made no sense to her on why he disliked her older brother. She could not say if it was because of Nathan being a stranger and the way he was. Ujio showed no dislike qualities toward her, and she came from the same place as Nathan, and the fact she was his sibling. It made her curious about Ujio dislike for Nathan, which made her want to talk with Katsumoto about Ujio and his personality. \"Do not mean to laugh at you.\" Ujio said slowly, trying to pronounce each word correctly. \"Did not.\" Ana whispered as she turned around to face him. \"Hmm?\" \"Did not mean to laugh at you.\" Ana repeated what he said to her, but corrected the first word of his sentence. Ana lifted her head up to stare at him, seeing him process the word and whispering lowly to himself. He then gave her a nod to show he understood. Ana gave a small grin, seeing how they both help one another out to break the language barrier between them. \"Come.\" Ujio held an arm out and extended the arm to the open door. With a small nod, Ana dropped her arms on her sides and walked back into Ujio's home. She listened as the shoji door shut behind her and Ujio's footsteps walked behind her. Her return in the dining area made Ujio to mention about tea and he disappeared from the area. With Ujio gone to retrieve tea, Ana did not sit down, but instead she walked into the direction Ujio gone to. Since Ana managed to talk Ujio into teaching her the language and culture, she wanted to learn everything about the traditions. She watched Taka or Ujio perform a certain way to serve tea; thus, when Ujio mentioned tea, Ana wanted to learn how to make and serve tea properly. When she entered the area, Ujio looked at her with raised eyebrows and a questionable stare. She played with the sleeves of her kimono for a couple of seconds, debating in her mind on whether this was a good idea or not. Quickly, she gathered enough courage to ask him. \"I wish to learn more on how to make and serve tea.\" The next few moments was in silence until Ujio made a small gesture of his head for her to walk forward. Slowly, Ana came toward him and he nodded his head for her to kneel down beside him. She did so, and then the teaching began. Although the teaching techniques were differently approached, Ujio would carefully and slowly show Ana each step. Then he would hand her the items to perform the actions he had once did. Ana found the visual learning easier than verbal. When Ana got to the pouring part, she was nervous she would mess up underneath Ujio's stare. He had served her cup of tea, and now he wanted her to serve him, and she did not want to mess it up. She must had shown her nervousness because of the slight shake in her hands because the next moment hands came to rest on hers. This time Ana did tense up, but not so much about the fact Ujio arms were around her and his hands rested upon hers, and his face was close to her own. But the fact on how her body began to relax, and react to his closeness. Her face began to heat up, and she felt the rest of her body began to heat up. Then her body began to relax, the nervousness was slipping away and his touch was warm against her hands. Slowly, they worked together to pour the cup of tea with precise precision. His hands slowly slid away from her own, and a low hum of approval escaped him. Ana was proud of herself, but she began to wonder why she felt so much colder then before when he pulled away. … .. The Next Day … .. \"Good morning, Ana, and how is your day going?\" Ana slipped the sandals off to step up onto the woods floors of the temple Katsumoto's family made over many centuries ago. She was told Katsumoto lived in the temple, and if he was not in the village, he was always here. She also knew Nathan came here a couple of days ago to talk with Katsumoto, and Nathan informed Ana that it was a short conversation of introductions. \"I have been good. How are you?\" \"I am good too. Tell me, why your presence?\" Katsumoto asked as he came to stand before her. \"I want to ask you more about Ujio.\" \"Has he not been polite?\" \"No, no, he has been good to me…Surprisedly.\" Ana could not help but muttered the last part. A chuckle escaped Katsumoto making Ana to blush a little bit as he heard the last bit of her comment. Katsumoto gestured her to walk, and so, Ana found herself walking alongside Katsumoto through the temple grounds. She took in the scenery, knowing at the end of this conversation she would ask Katsumoto if she could sketch the beautiful landscape and the detailed temple buildings. \"Ujio is a good friend of mine. He grew up in a traditional samurai family. Generations upon generations, who served alongside my family. Everything is traditional to Ujio, everything needs to be done with perfection and precise. Everything has to be earned with Ujio; respect, honor, courage, bravery and dedication.\" \"I have taken notice of his work ethnics. He definitely shows these qualities.\" \"Yes, and it makes him a good samurai to have beside me, and a great sword master.\" Katsumoto said The two came to a stop near a big tree that was in the middle of a garden, which was located in the middle of the temple buildings. \"What about any family?\" \"No. Ujio was the only child. Parents gone, no one else is left.\" \"Oh.\" Ana frowned a little. Ana looked away from Katsumoto to look up at the large tree, taking in the bare branches due to it being the fall season. \"This is a Cherry Blossom tree. When first day of springs comes, first sign of spring, the flowers will fully bloom.\" \"It must be beautiful to witness.\" \"Yes, it is…Ujio is blooming in a way I have not seen too.\" Ana turned her attention off the tree to stare at Katsumoto with a bit of confusion. She did not understand his wording, or rather, what he was getting at. Her expression must had said enough as he stared at her with a gentle smile. \"Your presence is making Ujio to hesitate.\" \"O-kay?\" She said slowly as she was still not quite sure if it was a good thing or a bad thing. \"I never saw Ujio hesitate. I find it good. He is opening his eyes, understanding he has other emotions he has not shown in such a long time. You make him understand to feel.\" A warm feeling began to spread across Ana's upper cheeks. Now, Ana realized what Katsumoto was trying to hint to her. \"And it appears yourself is taking a notice of Ujio.\" Katsumoto smirked as he most likely saw the way her cheeks were a bit pinker than usual. Immediately, Ana let out a cough and cleared her throat. She could not stop the blush which overcame her face. The small smirk on Katsumoto did not help either. The fact Katsumoto pointed this fact out, Ana began to think about it more than ever. She knew she had to change the subject before her whole body would turn red from being fluster up. \"Umm, well then, can I ask if you mind about me sketching the temple and the land that surrounds the temple? It is beautiful here.\" Ana said a bit too quickly. \"That would be fine.\" Katsumoto grinned, but he continued to stare at her with a twinkle in his eyes. Ana gave a small bow to him and walked away, glad Katsumoto did not push the subject anymore, especially with the sudden question at the end. She walked along the trail, and all the way back to the village with a thoughtful expression. She was trying to clear her mind, and try not to think too much about what Katsumoto pointed out, but it was impossible to not think about. There were a couple of thoughts about Ujio showing emotions he never shown before since her arrival. The questions to settle her curiosity about Ujio appeared to flip, and Katsumoto made Ana to question herself and her feelings while flustering up. She bit her tongue, trying to tell herself it was too soon to develop some sort of crush on a samurai, who hated her brother Nathan. Yet, the more she tried to argue with herself, the more she realize it was becoming a losing battle. It became clear as day to Ana that her feelings were beginning to conquer over reasonings. It was not the first time she had a crush on someone so quickly, which that crush she had back home in the states came to an end because she found out how much of a jerk the man was. As Ana continued to walk, trying to cool herself down, she could not help but think about the reaction Nathan would have if he ever found out about her developing crush toward a certain strict samurai. … .. … .. … .. … .. … .. Hi Everyone, Here was a new chapter. Please Review, Favorite, and/or Follow! Enjoy! Thank You![Chapter 5] Chapter: The Little Sister's Rage … .. Two Weeks Later … .. There were small snippets of comments exchange between Ana and Taka now. With Ana's Japanese vocabulary quickly expanding, she was slowly breaking down the language barrier. Ana was able to persuade Taka to allow her to do chores while also teaching her how to do certain things. Ana wanted to pay Taka back some way, and Ana figure by doing chores to help out would be a start. Ana carried a bucket of fresh water from the well when she decided to look around to see some villagers stare at her with the same looks. The looks were a mixture of various emotions. The looks usually held curiosity, questioning or a hint of disapproval. Ana was not fazed by the looks, knowing Nathan and she were outcasts. Although, as of late, Ana did notice a few villagers would give her a small nod, acknowledging her presence as normal now. Ana wondered if it was because of her being seen around with Ujio, or he might had said something. Or it was the fact of her ambitions to learn the customs and the culture. A hand came around the bucket handle and took the bucket from her. \"I had that.\" Ana eyes shot up to stare at Ujio. \"You take too long.\" Ujio replied. Ana raised a single eyebrow before she tried to snatch the bucket back. Ujio held it away from her, staring at her with raised eyebrows. \"Stubborn woman.\" \"Pot calling the kettle black.\" Ana muttered, stomping ahead of him. There was a confused look upon Ujio's face due to her comment, showing he had never heard the phrase before. He simply followed after her back to Taka's home. Ana almost came to a halt in her steps as she saw Nathan inside one of the rooms in Taka's home, sitting on the floor and writing on pieces of parchment. His eyes looked up, giving her a smile and he was opening his mouth to say something, but immediately his mouth shut and his eyes narrow a tiny bit. There was no doubt Ujio was glaring at Nathan in return. Ana had to look behind, seeing Ujio was behind her and was indeed glaring at Nathan. The two men had a glared contest until Ana grabbed Ujio by the arm and pulled him away. \"I do not understand you.\" \"Why?\" Ujio asked, setting the bucket of fresh water down near the rest of food resources in the kitchen area. \"You do not like Nathan, but you do not mind me. Why is that?\" Ujio stared at her and then turned away, heading toward the door. \"Oh, no you don't.\" Ana reached out to grab his forearm. It was so fast, and Ana was caught off guard as she was against a wall with her arms pinned on either side of her body. Ujio body almost pressed against her as he stared down at her. She was in shock at how fast Ujio was, and to have her pin down without realizing what comprehending what happen. The two stared at one another; rich brown eyes versus mint green eyes. No exchange of words between the two, only the sound of their breathings. The heat from their bodies could be felt due to their closeness. Ana kept herself calm, especially as Ujio lean toward her face but turned his head away enough where his mouth hover slightly above her right ear. \"You are opposite of him.\" Ujio said lowly. And then Ujio pushed away from her and left the room, and leaving Taka's home altogether. Ana stayed pressed against the wall, slightly breathing heavier than usual. Slowly, without any control, her knees felt weak. She slid down to her butt and sat there, still in shock at what took place. There was nothing to describe what she was feeling when it came to Ujio. There were times he made her frustrated, and yet, at the same time, he made her want to smile. It was a tug of war battle of emotions, and Ana knew she tried to ignore what she felt toward Ujio due to Nathan. Nathan and Ujio did not see eye to eye, and she felt that was what held her back from truly admitting to herself that she was feeling something for Ujio. … .. A Couple Days Later … .. The charcoal pencil gone over one spot over and over again until a rub of the thumb smudged the area to cast a shadowy look. A gentle blow of air brushed the excess charcoal dust away from the sketch page. There was a constant swish sound to the left of Ana, but she ignored it as she focused on her sketch. Beside her, to the left of her was Ujio cleaning his katana blades. There was a sort of a peaceful vibe surrounding them as they did their own thing without bothering the other. Earlier, the two did language practice until they said enough when they could not focus anymore. The two decided a couple cups of tea and a seat on the back porch of Ujio's home was a time to relax in each other presence and to calm their mind from all the teaching they did with each other. Since the exchange between them in Taka's home, Ujio and Ana tried not to bring it up. Yet there was a small tension between them, as if one of them wanted to say something but did not want to open those doors just yet. Ana made a few more strokes of the charcoal pencil before she set the pencil aside with the sketch book. She picked up the small cloth rag Ujio gave her to clean off the charcoal smudge marks on her fingertips. In the corner of her eyes, she saw Ujio finish with one of his katanas and slid it back into the sheath. Then his hand reached out to her sketchbook. A small grin came onto her lips, seeing how slowly Ujio was reaching out to the sketchbook. She found out that Ujio was deeply curious with new things, and he was always seeking for answers to anything he did not know about. Ana set the rag down and turned her head, staring at Ujio as he was taking in the sketch she done. The sketch was of the bears she saw in the woods a couple weeks ago. She kept the image imprinted in her head until she had time to sketch the piece out. \"You are a skilled artist.\" The compliment made Ana to bow her head a little, trying not to fluster at the compliment. She said a soft 'thank you' and she gone to hold her hand out to accept the sketchbook back, but saw Ujio flip through the other pages. He paused on a completed page, one she finished many weeks ago. The page was when she sat in the fields, hidden from view as she watched Ujio lead the group of samurai through techniques. The sketch showed every detail of Ujio leading the group, but the group was not as detailed, only he stuck out. She captured Ujio as the main part of the sketch. Ana saw his fingers hover over the sketch, his eyes taking in every stroke and brush of detail of charcoal. The image captured his leadership with the group of samurai. It showed how calm yet ready he was to deliver a strike. Ujio looked away from the sketch to stare at her, opening his mouth to say something toward her. \"Ana.\" Both Ujio and Ana looked away from each other to see Higen. He stood there, rocking side to side on his feet and his eyes were going back and forth between Ujio and she. She could see how uncomfortable Higen was becoming, especially under Ujio's firm stare. \"I have to go help Taka with dinner. Excuse me, Ujio.\" Ana said, taking the sketchbook from him and giving him a small bow of the upper half of her body. Higen gave a short bow to Ujio before he walked alongside Ana once she slipped on sandals and pushed off the porch. Ana did glance back over her shoulder, making eye contact with Ujio as he was watching her walk away. A small grin came onto her lips before she turned her head away, looking down at Higen as he was beginning to ask her if she learn anything new today. … .. Later Evening … .. The rain was down pouring, leaving behind muddy trails and large puddles. It did not stop Higen from going outside with a friend of his, fighting each other with the wood bokken swords. Ana stood outside on the porch beside Taka, watching Higen fight against his friend and defeat his friend with only a couple of moves. A proud smile came onto Higen's face. Ana let her eyes come off of Higen and his friend, who started to fight again, and her eyes came to land on Nathan. He walked with his silent samurai bodyguard and Nobutada. The rain began to fall even harder, and soak the men to the bones. Yet it did not stop Higen to continue to fight against his friend. When Nobutada pushed Nathan forward to give a try, Ana stood a bit taller. She noted Taka did too, especially as Nathan was facing Higen face to face in a fight with the bokken swords. Ana felt an uneasy feeling in her stomach, having a thought that this was a bad idea. She watched as Nathan had clear advantage over Higen, easily dodging and pushing Higen back from any strikes. The sound of splashes made Ana to pull her eyes away from the scene and saw Ujio appear with a couple other samurais behind him. Her eyes began to widen as Ujio stepped forward with an annoyed look directed right at Nathan. Ana opened her mouth to tell Nathan to set the bokken sword aside, to walk away, but she did not get the chance. Ujio gave a sharp command that had Higen to step back and bow his head. Ujio stepped forward, commanding Nathan to drop the bokken sword. Everyone stared in silence, only the hard falling rain was making sound. Ujio demanded once again, but Nathan stood taller and across from Ujio, clearly showing he would not do what Ujio asked. With the realization of Nathan not backing down, Ujio took the matter into his own hands and to show Nathan what happened when he did not listen. Ana gasped out as Nathan tried to fight against Ujio, but Ujio struck Nathan down to his knees. When Nathan got back up, Ana cursed Nathan for his stubbornness. She watched Ujio bring Nathan to his knees again, and then to his back, but not without delivering a few hard whacks of the wooden bokken sword to the body and face. There was a swell of anger beginning to build up within Ana. She was angry at the fact for Nathan's stubbornness, yet at the same time, she was not angry at Nathan because she was glad he did not back down from a challenge. Although she was mad at Ujio because it was clear he had the upper hand against Nathan, but he wanted to get the message across to Nathan by beating him to the muddy ground—literally. The final whack made Nathan to sprawl across the ground, bloody pouring out of his face and bruises were likely forming on his body from the hard strikes he received. Ujio threw Higen the bokken before he walked away alone. Ana hopped off the deck, not caring about the mud in her sandals. She knelt down beside Nathan, checking on him as he groan at the pain he felt across his body. Her hand brushed his long hair away from his face, checking it to see nothing was broken, but he would have nice bruising. She stood up and stepped back as Nobutada came over to help Nathan back onto his feet. Ana thought about helping, but then her eyes shot in the direction Ujio had gone. With a huff, and the anger welled up inside her, Ana stormed off into the same direction as Ujio had gone. \"Ana!\" Nobutada shouted after her. Ana ignored him, continuing to walk with a snarl set upon her face and the thought of Ujio actions inside her mind. She was unhappy with both men, but mostly Ujio. He took his actions too far, and she wanted to make sure he knew that. The anger she felt also had a hint of sadness because she was beginning to accept the fact she was feeling something connecting with Ujio and her. She was beginning to think of it as a crush, or simply she was accepting what she felt for him. However, after this incident, she wanted to give him a piece of her mind and she was not going to hold back. … .. … .. … .. … .. … .. Hi Everyone, Here was a new chapter. Please Review, Favorite, and/or Follow! Enjoy! Thank You![Chapter 6] Chapter: Cold Rain … .. … .. … .. The silhouette of Ujio was in her line of vision. It was clear he was making his way to his home, and Ana was glad his home was a bit away from everyone else's homes because she was furious and upset with him. \"Ujio!\" The snap of his name split through the downpour, almost echoing. It made him to halt in his step and slowly turn around. Ujio stared at her as she continued to stomp her way through the muddy ground toward him. The emotionless look upon his face made Ana even madder, wishing he showed some sort of emotion to show he knew and thought over his earlier actions. \"You jerk! You gave a message loud and clear, why continue.\" Ana shoved him against the chest. The protective little sister side coming out of her. Ana was not thinking straight, especially when it came to family, she was protective. Ujio took a couple staggering steps back, this time a glare set on his face. \"He does not understand the customs, the culture, and yet you beat him senseless to prove what? That he is an outcast. That he will never be accepted. He doesn't know better!\" Ana shouted through the rain, shoving Ujio back again and again. \"Ana—\" Ujio tried to speak. \"Does it make you feel good to beat an already injure man to the ground? A man who is simply trying to understand what his purpose is, especially his purpose to be here? I repeat, he does not know better! He will learn, and you will have to accept that.\" \"Ana, you do not get a say on what happens here. You are both outcasts, both not from here, both not welcome. That is enough!\" Ujio shouted, stepping closer to her with his hand coming to rest on top of one of his blades hilt. Ana posture straighten up and she took a step back from Ujio, staring a bit wide eyes as he glared down at her. He had the same look on his face when he beaten down Nathan. The look made her to take another step back. Her actions caught his attention, and he tried to lighten up his harden expression, but it was too late. Swallowing a bit harder than usual, Ana gave a small bow of the head and sharply turned away on her feet. She walked away, but her speed of walking became faster until she was running away. \"Ana! Ana!\" Ujio shouted after her. Ana continued to run, not caring where she was going. She simply needed to get away, needing to get away from the words Ujio said to her. She knew she pushed him to the point to say them, but they still hurt. Each part of his sentence made her to come back to reality, and to see that Nathan and she were simply outcast and simply labelled as visitors under strict supervision. It made Ana to think how she was most likely wasting her time with learning everything because Nathan and she could be kick out or brought back home at any time, any day. The Algren siblings were simply outcast in an unknown world. … .. … .. … .. There was no idea on how she got to the spot she hid in, or how one of the monks at the temple found her. All Ana could remember was needing to get away from everything, or rather, everyone and settle down. But she did not realize how much time had gone by. The rain was light now, but it was dark out. The monk led her shivering form to the temple, where Katsumoto quickly ordered for hot water and dry clothes. When Ana cleaned herself up, and pulled on a new kimono, she sat on the deck with a blanket wrapped around her shoulders. A cup of green tea was cupped in her hands, and her eyes stared out at the water from the light rain run off the tile roofs. Katsumoto appeared and knelt down beside her, staring at her with concern in his eyes. \"May I ask?\" \"Please, I wish not to talk about it.\" Ana whispered, eyes flickering over and meeting his. For a brief moment, Katsumoto appeared ready to push for an answer, but looked like he changed his mind. He gave a small nod, but he did not stop showing the small frown on his lips. He was not upset because she wished not to talk, but he was upset with how she was found. It was clear he did not wished to see her in this condition. \"I understand.\" Katsumoto replied in a gentle tone. \"Thank you for your concern though, and thank you for your hospitality.\" \"You are welcome.\" Katsumoto gave a small grin. Katsumoto stood up and turned on his heels, ready to walk away, but Ana said one more comment toward him. It was her request Katsumoto figured out who was the cause of her state. \"Katsumoto?\" \"Yes?\" Katsumoto turned halfway around to stare at her. \"If—if Nathan or Ujio come seeking for me, please tell them I wish not to speak to either of them…Please.\" There was a strike of realization across of Katsumoto's face, showing her comment made him put two together and he knew something involving the two men she mentioned had caused her to be upset and angry. He gave a small nod of his head and showed he understood her wishes. \"I will do so, Ana. Do rest for now.\" Katsumoto gave a small bow of his head and he turned away once again, walking out of the area. Ana lifted the green tea to her lips while she resume in watching the running water come off the temple tile rooftops. … .. The Next Morning … .. Katsumoto was informed that Ana did not return back to Taka's home. He walked to the area in the Temple where he left Ana yesterday. There were a couple of times he did check up on her, but she continue sitting in the same spot and so he left her alone. When Katsumoto came to the area, he saw her laid about across the wood floor and the blanket over her body. He walked forward, opening his mouth to greet her, but his mouth shut. Immediately, he was knelt down beside her and reached out, touching her forehead. He had saw flush she looked, and sweat was on the surface of her skin. The cold weather, the amount of time she sat in the rain and in wet clothes before someone found her, it was coming in effect now. Quickly, Katsumoto stood up and left the area, shouting for help immediately. It was unlike him to shout, especially in the temple; thus, samurais appeared to his aid in seconds. … .. Nobutada was the one to make a gesture for Nathan about going to the temple. Nathan made immediate departure to the temple, wondering why Katsumoto request for him. When Nobutada walked onto the fields to practice archery, there was a small frown set upon his lips. He had been informed by others about the panic Katsumoto set in them because of his yell for help. It was not for Katsumoto, but for Ana. The rain and cold made her burn up in body temperature. Nobutada enjoyed Ana, liking the energy she brought to the household, especially when Nathan and she would go back and forth in a playful sibling spat. As Nobutada stepped onto the fields, he was not alone. His eyes settle on the other samurais, but mainly on Ujio, who walked toward him. Nobutada stood taller as the older samurai, and his father's most skilled and loyal friend came over and stood in front of him. Nobutada knew not to make any comment about the day before with Nathan and the bokken sword. \"What is this I hear about the woman?\" \"Woman? You mean Ana, the woman who stood up against you.\" Ujio glared at Nobutada for a moment. \"Tell me what is going on.\" \"What did you hear?\" \"She is to stay at Katsumoto Temple for the next few days. That is it.\" Ujio said, his right hand rested on his wakizashi hilt. \"Yes, she is to stay at my father's temple, but because father does not want to move her in her state.\" \"State? What state?\" Ujio stepped closer to Nobutada, and his hand clenched the hilt of the wakizashi now. \"She was found in the rain yesterday, soaked. Father thought she just needed to be warmed up in a new change of attire, tea and blanket, but it was not enough. She had also fallen asleep on an open deck in the cold. She has a fever that she is trying to break.\" Nobutada was not oblivious at the fact that there was some sort of bond between Ana and Ujio. Everyone began noticing the way Ujio and Ana were around each other a lot, and not because Katsumoto requested Ujio to keep an eye on Ana from the beginning. Katsumoto told Ujio weeks ago that Ana was trustworthy and she did not show any threat. Therefore, Ujio was off duty on watching Ana. Yet, it appeared Ujio did not inform Ana of such information. Ujio and Ana gravitated toward one another, and seen together most of the time. Ujio shocked all of the others when he allowed Ana to observe the training. Usually women were not around the training fields, but Ujio allowed Ana, especially when she sketched the training sessions. As Nobutada stood in front of Ujio, seeing his explanation about Ana settle in, Nobutada saw Ujio's jaw flex and clench up. It was clear Ujio was upset at the news, but being a master of hiding emotions, Ujio resisted from any expression on what he felt at the news. Ujio gave a small nod at Nobutada before he turned on his heels and walked toward the group of samurai where he commanded everyone to get in order to begin going over their techniques. Nobutada stared at Ujio, seeing how tense Ujio jawline was the whole time. Nobutada knew the news struck Ujio, but it was clear Ujio did not want the others to think he was changing from his strict ways. Hence, Ujio staying at the training field and going through the mechanics with the bokken sword over and over again with the group. … .. … .. … .. Nathan brushed his fingertips across Ana's forehead with a frown set on his lips. He bent down to press a gentle kiss against her warm forehead before he sat up sat and stood up from his spot. His eyes came to settle on Katsumoto, who stood in the doorway of the room he had Ana in to recover. There were candles lit around the room, but there was a small fire going with a pot of water to create steam to put moister into the air instead of dryness. The room was warm, and it had Nathan sweating underneath his attire. He stepped up near Katsumoto, but glanced back at where Ana laid underneath blankets in the middle of the room. There was a tray of herbal medicine tea near her head with a bowl of broth. She was awake earlier, trying to force herself to eat but she could not find the appetite to continue to eat. \"Will you inform me if anything is to change?\" \"Yes, but for now, she shall rest.\" \"Try making her eat something.\" Katsumoto gave a small nod of his head, seeing how upset and concern Nathan was. Katsumoto did not blame him, Nathan was the older sibling and he could not do anything to take away what Ana was facing. Nathan wanted to do something, but Katsumoto assured Nathan that he had everything under control. It was not the first time Katsumoto experienced these type of symptoms before. When Nathan left, Katsumoto checked on Ana and saw she moved a bit and turned her head toward the steamed rocks. With her showing signs of moving more than usual, Katsumoto left the room and slid the door shut behind him. … .. With a guest with the need to be taken care of, Katsumoto was constantly checking on Ana. He knew he could make orders for others to check up on Ana, but Ana was the little sister of Nathan Algren. Katsumoto was beginning to see Nathan as less as an enemy, and evolving into a friend. Ana was well liked by Nobutada, and Katsumoto was a bit shock when his little sister Taka said she enjoyed Ana's company too. Katsumoto knew that even though Ana was from another place, with different culture and language, she fitted in with their ways. She was eager to learn about their culture and language, eager to understand everything that came in her line of sight. She was a pleasant presence to be around, and Katsumoto knew her presence changed people because Ujio was a main example. Katsumoto saw his trustworthy and loyal samurai friend lighten up due to Ana. Katsumoto never saw Ujio be in a relaxed state for more than a couple of moments, but with Ana's presence, she made Ujio to relax for a full day. She made Ujio talk more, and to observe situations before making an assumption. It was clear Ana did wonders, especially toward the latter part because Ujio was always quick to judge, such as, her brother, Nathan. Katsumoto stood infant of the door to the room Ana rested in. He noticed the door was partially open, allowing him to step closer and peek inside. He knew he had shut the sliding door earlier, but seeing it open a bit, he wonder who was inside the room. The sight of Ujio in the room made Katsumoto raise his eyebrows, but relax as a small grin came upon his lips. He knew what had happened between Nathan and Ujio yesterday, and knew about the fact Ana gone after Ujio to confront him about his harsh lesson on Nathan. Katsumoto knew something happen between Ujio and Ana, especially as she was found alone away from everyone and requested Katsumoto to ward off Nathan and Ujio for her. Instead of confronting Ujio, Katsumoto walked away from the door and let Ujio have a moment with Ana. … .. … .. … .. … .. … .. Hi Everyone, Here was a new chapter. Please Review, Favorite, and/or Follow! Enjoy! Thank You![Chapter 7] Chapter: Warm … .. … .. … .. Hot. Ana felt hot, and wanted coldness. She tried to move, to push whatever kept her warm off her body. The air around her felt moist, and made her to sweat even more. A small sigh escaped her as she managed to use her feet to push the blankets down enough to let some of her body to feel the cool air. There was a brush of a wet, cool cloth across her forehead which made her eyes to flutter open. The blurriness of her vision disappeared within seconds, allowing her to stare up at a wood ceiling. Ana began to process about her location. Flashbacks of what happened entered her mind, and then she remembered how ill she felt later on through the day. After that, she remembered Katsumoto and others tried to feed her broth or drink medicine herbal tea. The steam from the hot rocks and pot with water to put moister in the air, but also, to make her sweat more. The cloth left her forehead making her to turn her head to follow the hand which held the cloth. She tiredly stared up at Ujio, seeing a gleam of concern in his eyes for her. She almost did not believe he was here, and he showed concern, but when he reached out to brush a strand of her hair out of her face, Ana knew he was real. His fingers had callouses on them from the constant handling of either his samurai swords or the bokken sword. \"Ujio…\" Ana whispered, eyeing him with tire eyes. A small shush sound escaped from Ujio as he brought the cool wet cloth up again to swipe across her forehead before he settled the folded cloth on top of her forehead. Her eyes fluttered a little, but Ana made sure to keep her eyes trained on Ujio. He moved a little in his spot and sat back on his heels, but set his samurai swords beside him. Her eyebrows furrow downwards and toward the middle of her head, staring at him and wondering what he was planning to do. As Ana continued to stare at him, watching him get this thinking expression across his face, Ana knew he was actually debating to himself about something. It was then Ujio eyes made connection with her own before he shut his eyes and bowed forward. Ana eyebrows rose beneath the folded wet cloth, but her eyes began to widen as Ujio let a low apology out, and it was directed toward her. \"Ujio.\" \" Forgive me.\" There was a deep inhale which gone through Ana before a low exhale escaped. Her eyes were soften on Ujio as he sat up, but his head was bowed. She knew he was blaming himself for the condition she was in, and she wish for him to not think it was his fault. With a lot of effort, Ana pushed herself up in an upright position. \"No.\" Ujio reached out to stop her, but she shook her head. Ana sat up and shut her eyes, waiting for the lightheadedness feeling to go away before she would open her eyes. Once the lightheadedness gone away, her eyes opened up and she stared at Ujio with a little grin. She bowed her head to him, staring down at the wood floor between the two. \"I am also sorry for my yelling earlier. Forgive me.\" Ana whispered, looking up a little to watch as Ujio gave a small nod. \"Do not blame yourself for me being sick, Ujio. I simply did not get out of the rain and out of my clothes quick enough.\" Ana explained. Her hands played with the wet cloth that landed on her lap when she sat up. Another pair of hands came over hers to take the cloth away and set it aside. It drew her attention, and she found herself lifting her head up to stare directly at Ujio. Ujio brought a hand up to rest against her forehead. His hand was a cool; thus, Ana shut her eyes and sighed out in a little relief as she enjoyed the cool touch. The hand slid off her face, but not without hovering over the side of her face. The presence of Ujio's hand made Ana to open her eyes to stare at Ujio, seeing him focusing on her face and once again, looking as if he was debating with himself mentally. The hand moved toward her face once again, but to the side. A few strands of her hair that rebelled away from the rest of her hair was soon brushed backwards and laid back onto her back, fusing with the rest of her hair. Ana eyes followed Ujio's hand as it slowly left away from the face. Her eyes came up to meet his own. She told herself over and over again in her mind to not blush, to keep a straight face as Ujio and her stared at one another without the other looking away. Ana was the first to look away and bowed her head a little. \"Ujio, I wish to ask a favor.\" Ana asked, her eyes flickering up to stare at him through her dark eyelashes. \" Yes?\" Ujio eyebrows moved a little before he relaxed. \"I wish for you to train me to defend myself.\" The favor Ana asked made Ujio eyebrows to raise and then relax. Ujio was already teaching Ana their customs, which in return Ana was teaching Ujio English and about her country. Ana wanted to know as much as possible, especially to defend herself better. She saw how Taka had a hidden short sword known as a tantō on her. Taka informed Ana about being taught to wield a tantō and a ko-naginata to protect the family if no one else was around to do so. Ujio sat up even more than he already sat. His left hand landed on his samurai sword for a moment, and his eyes strayed off her face to scan her body. When his eyes came to meet her own, he gave a small nod. \" Yes, you should know how to defend yourself better.\" Ujio said slowly, knowing Ana was still learning the Japanese language. Ana gave a small nod, but she was wondering if Ujio agreed because of the condition she was in at the moment. She shook it off, and continued to give a thankful expression toward Ujio. She held back a grin as Ujio made a gesture for her to lay down. Slowly and carefully Ana laid herself back down on the futon. She was about to grab the blanket, but Ujio beat her to it. He made sure it was perfectly set on her and he reached for the wet cloth, dipping it back in the water bowl and twisting the cloth. Folded carefully, the cloth was put back on Ana's forehead. Another relief sigh escaped Ana due to the cool cloth upon her highly warm temperature skin. She gone to turn her head to stare at Ujio as he stood up, but he made a small tsk sound and another hand gesture for her to not move about so much because the wet cloth would slide off her head. She held back an another grin and stared up at the ceiling, but listen to Ujio move. \"I will bring more tea.\" Ujio said in a low tone. Ana heard his feet move toward the shoji door to leave the room. \"Ujio.\" \"Yes?\" \"Thank you.\" There was no reply, but Ana knew he nodded. She shut her eyes as she listened to Ujio leave the room and the shoji door slid shut behind him with a soft snap. … .. … .. … .. … .. … .. Hi Everyone, Here was a new chapter. A short one, but it will lead into the next chapter. Please Review, Favorite, and/or Follow! Enjoy! Thank You![Chapter 8] Chapter: Becoming Stronger … .. Two Weeks Later … .. There was a smack sound and a low frustrated growl. Ujio twirled the wood training kaiken tantō in his left hand with ease and pointed it at Ana's throat. She glared at Ujio as he once again caught her off guard and made her lose balance. \"Again.\" Ana stepped back from him as he took a couple steps back from her. Ana adjusted the wooden kaiken in her hand as she got into a slight crouch and her eyes did not falter away from Ujio. It had been two weeks since she came down with a fever from the cold rain and season, but she was better and refresh now. She bugged Ujio to train her, and he begun doing so for the past two days. It was the third day, and Ana found out Ujio did not hold back no matter the level of who he faced. She was taught by Nathan to fight with a saber and she was taught some hand to hand combat, but everything Nathan taught her, Ujio showed he wanted to extinguish it. He wanted her to start off on a clean state, and for her to take in everything he was to teach her. Ujio waited until she made the first move and then he attacked. Ana did well to hold him off for a good amount of moves until he would use his body to catch her off guard, making her to lose focus on the kaiken in his hand. \"Stop.\" Ana held back from letting out a frustrated huff. She stood tall before Ujio as he stepped closer to her. \"You are thinking too much.\" Ana did not say anything as Ujio moved around her in a circle and then he came to stand before her again with the kaiken raised. \"You protect yourself in order to protect those you are defending. Stop thinking. Stop strategizing. Move and flow swiftly.\" Ujio said, taking a step back from her and getting into a stance again to resume the training. The small explanation Ujio gave her stuck in her mind until she pushed it away since he told her to stop thinking about everything around her. But she did picture the thought of protecting those she wished to protect, but in order to do that, she had to protect herself. With all this in mind, Ana got into a slight stance and this time, she waited for Ujio to make the first move. As Ujio moved toward her, jabbing at her, Ana moved out of the way and waited for an opening. Ujio continued on the offensive side, jabbing and quick slash actions, but she dodged and blocked a few. It was then Ana saw an opening when she managed to get behind him, which made him twist around. Ana shot forward and low, crouching as she knew Ujio would swing high at her. Ujio was a bit shock as she tackle him in the side and knocked one of her legs behind his legs making him unbalance. He staggered in his spot, and with her pushing forward against the side of his body, he fell down. Ana got on top of him quickly and placed the kaiken against his throat. The two panted until Ujio made a quick move and flipped them over, but Ana did not pull the wooden kaiken away from his throat. Ujio stared down at her with a blank stare until he made a low hum of approval. He stood up and held his hand out to her, which she grabbed hold of. He ripped her up onto her feet and let go of her hand and took a couple steps back from her. \"Again.\" Ujio commanded. The wooden kaiken dagger was in front of her, angled and laid along her forearm. With determination and focus, Ana took the first move. She tried to get close, tried to do a slash but Ujio blocked with ease. She growled as he gave a solid whack to the top of her right shoulder. He tried to jab at her, but she backed away and dodged. Ujio charged her, lashing out and swiping toward her neck. She ducked, but kept her eyes upward to watch his next move. Instead of waiting for him to make another move at her, she ducked lower and tried to leg sweep him. He jumped over her and swung downward. She blocked the hit and pushed Ujio's kaiken away and rolled sideways away from him. Quickly, she stood back up and faced him, ducking as he took a jab at her. Ana moved quick toward him, swung around his body and placed the kaiken against the side of his neck from behind. A low pant escaping her, realizing the whole time she was moving, she did not breath. But now, she stood against Ujio back with the kaiken to his neck. \"Good. Use your agile skills against the enemy.\" Ujio said as he turned around and faced her as she pulled the wooden kaiken away from his neck. Ana nodded and then she bowed her head a little. She tried not to grin at the compliment Ujio had given her. She lifted her head up and watch Ujio walk over to the wall where he pulled two ko-naginata off the wall. He walked back over to her. \"Ko-naginata.\" He held out one of the wooden staff of the ko-naginata. A deep exhale escaped her and she gave a nod, realizing training was not over. … .. … .. … .. Slightly wincing, Ana used a bamboo cup to pour the spring water over her left shoulder. There were a couple welt marks upon her left shoulder and bicep. The training with Ujio had been going well, and Ana was thankful to learn everything Ujio had to offer her. A sigh escaped Ana as she sunk deeper into the hot spring water, enjoying the hot temperature against her sore muscles. She leaned her head against the boulder behind her and shut her eyes, relaxing and feeling a sense of peace. Although her peace was disrupted by the sound of feet and a familiar voice. \"Hey, Ana!\" A startled scream escaped her, and she quickly ducked into the hot spring water some more as she stared at her older brother, Nathan with a horrified expression. He cursed underneath his breath and turned away with a hand coming up to shield his eyes. But as he turned away, he was met with the tip of a samurai sword. \"Ujio!\" Ana exclaimed with wide eyes. Ana knew Ujio was around somewhere, away from her to give her privacy, but for him to appear in the area so quickly, she knew he was closer than she thought. Her eyes were wide as she stared between Ujio and Nathan, but mainly focusing on Ujio. She saw the annoyed spark in his eyes as he glared at Nathan. It was obvious Ujio still did not like Nathan, and with Nathan returning a glare at Ujio, Nathan showed he did not like Ujio that much either. \"Ana, want to tell your guard dog to back down.\" Nathan said dryly with his hands raised as Ujio kept the sword near Nathan's throat. A snarl came onto Ujio's face, showing he understood everything Nathan said. \"Ujio, please he is stupid. Lower your katana.\" Ana said softly. Ujio made a small nod and sheathed his katana away, and taking a step back from Nathan. A serious look still set upon Ujio face, and he did not take his eyes off of Nathan. \"Hey!\" Nathan shot her a scowl. \"What? You come up here without a care in the world and not realizing I was in the hot spring. Seriously, Nathan, how about you look at your surroundings for once.\" Ana fired as she dipped even lower in the water and her arms crossed over her chest to hide her nudity as much as possible. Ana waved at the men to turn around, which they did. She was allowed to step out of the hot spring and wrap a robe around her. She tied the sash before she cleared her throat causing Nathan, his bodyguard and Ujio to turn back around and stare at her. \"Why is he so close by?\" Nathan shot Ujio a glare. \"Because he watches over me.\" \"How fortunate…\" Nathan muttered, which earned him a glare from Ujio. Both Nathan and Ujio began to have a glaring stand off. Ana shook her head and glanced at Nathan's silent samurai bodyguard, who looked away from the two men. Ana had a feeling the silent samurai would be rolling his eyes at the two men were glaring at each other. \"Men.\" Ana muttered as she picked up her soap box and walk away from the men. Ujio continued to glare at Nathan as he walked by and followed Ana. He looked forward and walked with long strides, catching up to walk alongside Ana. \"You wince.\" Ujio said lowly. \"A few of your hits left welts upon my body.\" Ana replied, glancing at him in the corner of her eyes and then staring forward. \"We will treat them.\" Ujio told her. \"Over tea. I can go for some green tea.\" There was a small huff sound escaped from Ujio making Ana know Ujio held back a short laugh. She simply smiled a little as she walked with Ujio until they came closer to the village. Ujio walked a different route since it looked scandalous with Ana in a simple bath robe with him coming from the hot springs. Ana moved around parts of the village where there wasn't many villagers until she got back to Taka's home. She entered and walked into the room that was considered hers. She changed into a dark navy blue kimono with a dark maroon sash around her waist. \"My hair is getting too long.\" Ana whispered to herself as she used her fingers to get the knots out of her brunette color hair. Dressed, Ana left the room in search of Taka to see if any chores needed to be done. … .. … .. … .. It appeared as if everyone was becoming use to Ana, but not Nathan. Or rather, everyone was hesitant on putting their trust into Nathan. With Ana being around Ujio a lot and she showed how much she wanted to understand the customs, everyone seem to become more open to Ana. Ana was glad she was like Nathan when it came about picking up languages. Although, at the moment, she had a head start over Nathan when it came to the Japanese language. Ana sat in the tall grass, away from the samurais, who were training. She would stare at Ujio, bowing her head quickly whenever Ujio would glance her way. There was a slight rise of heat erupting on her cheeks whenever she would glance up and see Ujio still staring her way before he would look away and face one of the samurai men. The sketchbook sat upon her lap with a half sketch of Ujio standing in front of the rest of the samurai, who were in line and waited to face him in a match. Each samurai would step up and versus Ujio, who would break through their defenses in under five moves. Ana could see the reason why Ujio was Katsumoto's right hand man, his second in command and the sword master. Her fingers trailed around the sketch a couple of times, not realizing how her fingers trailed around the half sketch of Ujio. When she realized what she was doing, she blushed and bowed her head a little. \"I'm surprise you're allowed here.\" Ana looked up from the sketch book and stared at Nathan. He squatted down beside her with a slight wince due to his past injuries. He glanced at her before his eyes settle on the samurai training before them. \"I was too, but Ujio allowed me to stay. But also, Katsumoto enjoys my sketches and wishes for me to continue to sketch the scenes of the village and what goes on. Like how you write in your journal about your day to day, while I sketch my stories.\" Before Ana could turn her attention back on her sketchbook, Nathan snatched it away from her. \"Nathan!\" Ana hissed loudly at him, trying to get it back but he held it out of reach. \"And it appears you have been focus on the same topic everyday.\" Nathan glanced at her with raised eyebrows. Nathan held out the sketchbook to show a completed work of Ujio blocking a strike. He flipped and held the sketchbook out again on another sketch of Ujio posed with his katana raised over his head with the group of lined up samurai men behind him in the same motion. When Ana tried to grab the sketchbook again, Nathan stood up and held the book above his head with a teasing smirk. It was clear Nathan was acting like the pesky older brother, who enjoyed to tease and make her frustrated. \"Nathan, you better give it back or else.\" Ana growled as she stood up and glared at him. \"Does someone have a crush on—\" Nathan did not finish his sentence as Ana attacked. \"Ugh!\" Nathan grunted as Ana slammed her palm straight into his stomach. He held the sketchbook away from her still which made Ana grab his other arm, and slid one of her feet between his legs. She gave a twist of his arm and flipped him over her leg, slamming him on his back on the grassy field. \"Oof!\" A gush of air escaped Nathan. Ana reached down and snatched the sketchbook from him. She stuck her tongue out at him and stepped over him, storming away with her sketchbook press against her chest, her arms crossed securely over her sketchbook, and her head held high. … .. Nathan laid on the ground and stared up at the sky, completely caught off guard. He could not believe his little sister, Ana took him down with a jab to his stomach and then flipped him onto his back. Slowly, Nathan sat up and watched Ana walk away, but he heard a scoff sound behind him. Turning a bit onto his side, Nathan saw Ujio. Ujio had a hint of amusement in his eyes for a split second due to the predicament Nathan got himself in with Ana. Ujio turned away and shouted a command to the rest of the samurai causing everyone form four rows with three behind each leader. Nathan looked away from Ujio and back to where Ana walked away, disappearing into the village. Nathan started to see how his little sister was comfortable with the village and the customs. His eyes turned off the village and he glanced at Ujio, the serious samurai who had a grudge against Nathan. Deep down, Nathan wanted to earn his respect since Ujio appeared to be the only one to dislike Nathan greatly. Yet Nathan saw the way Ujio was around Ana, and the way Ana was around Ujio. It was clear Ujio did have a caring side, especially for Ana. A sigh escaped Nathan as he thought about Ana's sketchbook and how a good amount of the pages had focused on Ujio. It was clear to Nathan his little sister saw Ujio as more than a protector and a friend. … .. … .. … .. … .. … .. Hi Everyone, Here was a new chapter. Please Review, Favorite, and/or Follow! Enjoy! Thank You![Chapter 9] Chapter: The War Fan … .. Few Days Later … .. A basket was clenched in Ana's hands. She stood tall and still as she watched Nathan join the group of samurai and stood across from Ujio, who held nothing back. Ana winced as Ujio struck Nathan in the leg once again for the umpteenth time. Ana glanced off toward the side of the field where Katsumoto sat astride on his horse with his son Nobutada beside him. Ana gazed rested on Nathan. She saw his frustration as he continued to fight. There was one trait about her brother that would never go away, and that was the characteristic of never giving up. He was always pushing himself back onto his feet, and not wanting to be face defeat. The sound of Higen calling her name made her to look away from the training field to stare at Higen. He waved at her and pointed down at a section of a garden where fresh vegetables had grown. Ana smiled and walked over into the direction. She continued to gather vegetables for Taka's household. The basket was filled with vegetables, and Ana smiled down at Higen as he told her about his focusing on training with the wooden bokken sword. He continued to tell her about facing his friends, and being better than them. Ana adjusted the heavy basket against her side, ignoring the weight as much as possible. When Ana got to Taka's home, she saw Ujio on the stone trail up to the house. She glanced at Higen as he came to a pause with a serious look and he bowed in respect to Ujio. Ujio gave a small bow in return before his eyes came to settle on Ana. \"Higen, go inside.\" Ana said softly. Higen nodded and walked around Ujio to step up onto the porch and entered the home. Ana walked forward toward the house, needing to set the basket of vegetables down. The basket was taken from her arms, which she stared at Ujio and opened her mouth to inform him that she had it, but she shut her mouth as he shot her a quick look. \"We will train more.\" \"At least let me change and put this inside.\" Ana said, plucking the basket from him and walking by him. When Ana entered the house, she walked straight to the kitchen where Taka was with Higen. Higen had a small grin on his lips before he dashed out of the kitchen. Taka called after him to not run, but she saw Ana enter the kitchen to set the basket of vegetables down. There was a quick grin from Taka before she looked away. Ana knew there was something going on, especially seeing the way Higen appear mischievous and Taka was trying to hide away a smile. Ana continued to stare at Taka until the woman looked at her, hands clasped in front of her and a soft look set upon her face. \"What is it? Do I have something on me?\" Ana asked as she looked down at her dark violent kimono and dark green sash. \"No, no.\" Ana looked back up with raised eyebrows. \"Higen mentioned Ujio outside waiting for you.\" Immediately, heat emerged into Ana's cheeks, having a feeling of the reason why Taka was grinning. It was clear everyone was noticing the way Ana and Ujio were always together, always seeking the other out. Ana bowed her head, her hands clasped in front of her but she moved a little unsteadily on her feet. She was trying not to be fluster, trying not to think there was something more, but there was and she felt herself being in denial. \"I am an American.\" Ana whispered. \"Yes, but you are also a woman with a heart of gold and bravery of a tigress.\" Slowly, Ana brought her eyes up to stare at Taka with a hint of surprise, seeing a genuine smile set on Taka's lips. Taka walked up to Ana. \"Do not think negatively. You will be surprised.\" Taka said softly, giving a small nod to Ana and walking by to leave the kitchen. For a few moments Ana stood there as she took in everything Taka said. Ana digest every word and begin to think about what Taka mentioned. To Ana, it felt as if Taka was hinting there was something more about Ujio than Ana thought she already knew. To not think about anymore, Ana walked toward her room and change into an outfit to be able to move as she was to train with Ujio. … .. … .. … .. It was clear her hand to hand combat was good, and her use of a kaiken was becoming better. The ko-naginata was coming along, but it took her a lot of strength to be able to wield the wood staff, which would usually have a blade attached at the end but did not due to Ujio and she did not want to harm each other. \"Enough.\" Ujio said sharply. Ana stood tall and bowed a little before she stood tall once again. She lowered the ko-naginata in her hands and to her right side. Ujio stepped forward and took the ko-naginata from her. He walked away, leaving the room they were training in. With Ujio out of the room, Ana walked toward an opening where she knew it was the room which contained Ujio's samurai armor. She peeked through the crack, eyeing the armor with interest and having the urge of wanting to sketch the detailed well made armor. The sound of soft thuds on the wood floors made her to turn away from the door and face Ujio. He paused as he noted where she stood, and what she had been doing. Slowly, he walked up to her and around her, pushing the shoji door open more. Her eyes shot toward him in surprise, not expecting him to show his armor. To see if he truly meant it, Ana turned away from him and took a small step into the room. With no words from Ujio, she entered the room further and stood in front of the armor. She was in awe at every little detail the armor had and how well taken care the armor was. The helmet caught her eyes, where she stared at the long horns that jutted out on either side of the helmet. Her eyes scanned every detail, thinking about the sketch she wanted to do with of the armor. \"Ana.\" Turning away from the armor, she stared at Ujio with a curious look. She noted a different expression on his face, almost as if he was nervous, which shocked her. He swallowed harder than usual, but she saw him set his shoulders back and stepped closer to her. He pulled something dark out of his sash and held it out toward her with two hands. With a bit of hesitation, Ana reached out and took the item out of his hands. She looked up at him, wanting answers. \"It is known as a tessen.\" \"Tessen?\" Ana whispered and opened it up. A small gasp escaped her as it was a fan, but it was made out of iron. She realized it was a war fan, and as she spread it out more, she saw a dark gold circle across the iron panels of the war fan. It made Ana to look away from the dark gold circle on the fan and stare at Ujio's samurai armor to see the same gold color circle on the chest armor. When her green eyes settle back on the fan, noticing it was the same symbol on the fan as the samurai chest armor, Ana could not help but reach down at the fan. She gone to brush her fingers across the iron fan panels, but a hand grabbed her own hand before she could. Her eyes shot up and met Ujio's dark brown eyes. \"Forgive me.\" Ujio bowed his head a little as he realize he grabbed her hand. As Ujio gone to pull his hand away from grasping her own, Ana gave a shy grin and gathered courage to make a reply. \"You do not have to ask for forgiveness, Ujio.\" His eyes shot up and met hers. His eyes were scanning her face to see if was saying the truth. She felt his hand hold hers a little longer, giving a slight squeeze and then letting go of her hand. Ana gave him a smile than looked back down at the tessen war fan. \"Thank you for not just the fan.\" Ana began, lifting her head up a little to meet his eyes. \"But for giving me understanding about everything about this culture to the point I see beauty in everything about it, and I'm thankful for your acceptance to teach me as much as you can.\" Ana whispered, bowing her head as she realize she spoke those words and thus, she felt herself flushing up. The war fan slowly shut between them, and Ana gently tucked it away into her sash. She brought up a hand to brush away a rebellious strand of hair, which escaped the bun on the back of her head. With her hand becoming longer than her usual hairstyle, she was realizing how much more she had to tend to her hair. A calloused hand reached forward to grasp her other hand that rested on top of the war fan. Her eyes lifted up to Ujio. \"Always keep the tessen upon you to protect.\" \"Will you train me more in the art of using the tessen?\" \"Someone has to.\" Ujio smirked. A small laugh escaped her and she nodded. The hand which rested on top of hers grasped her hand to give a small squeeze. Ana stared at Ujio as he stared back, and she was beginning to think about Taka's comments today. Ana was beginning to wonder if there was truly something more that Ana could not believe due to the fact she held herself back, thinking she was not good enough. As Ujio slid his hand away from her own in a slow manner, not taking his eyes away from her own, Ana knew she had to let go of her negative thoughts about her not being good enough. She had to stop thinking about her being from a different country, and that she would not be accepted. Since everything happening thus far, it was proving to her that she was welcome with open arms, even if she had her differences. … .. Ujio cleared his throat and turned his back to her, gesturing for her to follow. She was following behind him, but she came to a pause outside of the shoji doors. Ujio glanced at her over his shoulder with a raised eyebrow, but his face relaxed as he watched Ana turn back around and stare at the samurai armor again before she softly shut the shoji door behind them. The green eyes came to settle on him as she pulled the tessen out, and gave a flick of the hand to spread open the war fan. A smirk could not help but come onto Ujio's lips, seeing how much Ana advance in combat under his guidance. Everything about her when she had a weapon in her hands screamed dangerous. It brought proudness in Ujio to know he helped to make Ana have a strong presence, but also, combat abilities. His eyes flicker to the tessen, not telling Ana it was one of his war fans. He had two that he would keep on his person when he wore his armor. It was also passed down through family generations. For him to give her one showed his trust in her to use it right, but also, it showed how much he cared for her and wanted to protect her. If anyone caught sight of the tessen in her hand, everyone would soon know Ana was under his wings. Ujio already knew villagers gossiped about Ana and he. At first, it annoyed him to think about, but as he stayed around Ana more and more, he found himself allured by her. He almost wanted to call her a sorceress for poisoning his mind with constant thoughts of her, but he knew she was no sorceress. It was all him, and he was the one to think about her constantly and wanted to think about her. Katsumoto had confronted Ujio about Ana, and Katsumoto immediately pointed out how drawn in Ujio was to Ana. With Katsumoto being the lord, but also a very close friend to Ujio, Ujio was mostly told by his closest comrade that it was clear of his feelings for Ana. Ujio was seen as emotionless, focus on training and training others, but since the American woman known as Ana Algren appeared into his life, everything changed. Ujio felt smitten by Ana Algren, and he hoped he did not mess it up with his usual cold exterior self. … .. … .. … .. … .. … .. Hi Everyone, Here was another chapter. Enjoy! Thank You! Please Review, Favorite, and/or Follow![Chapter 10] Chapter: Taking Another Step Forward … .. A Month Later … .. Nathan thought it was a joke. For the past month he has been training with the other samurai. He lost count of the number of times Ujio caught him off guard and took him down with a couple of swings and kick of the feet. Nathan trained with others too, but he realized he had a lot to learn. The reason he felt as if he was facing a joke or some sort of prank was because Ujio stood in front of him with a serious look, but had asked Nathan an even more serious question. \"You hate me.\" \"Does not matter what I feel, I find it honorable to ask you.\" \"You only known each other for…\" Nathan could not finish the sentence as he did not even known how long Ana and he had been in the village. \"It will be a year in another month.\" \"Yes, the answer you said.\" Ujio held himself back from rolling his eyes at Nathan's answer. Instead, he stared straight and directly into Nathan's eyes, waiting for an answer. Ujio did not show it, but there was a hint of nervousness in the deep it of his belly as he waited for an answer from Nathan. Ujio watched as Nathan ran his hand through his hair and let out a low, but long exhale from his mouth. \"Who would have thought this would happen with the samurai who wanted to beat me down into the ground for touching a bokken wood sword.\" A glare set on Ujio's face, but he relaxed as he needed an answer from Nathan. \"To be honest, it is up to Ana. She is her own independent self. She can answer for herself. And I guess that I can give you permission to do as you wish, but hear me out.\" Nathan stepped closer to Ujio with a firm expression. \"I do not care who you are, and the fact you took me down a few times, but if she is harmed in any shape or form, I will end you.\" Nathan threatened as his protective older brother side emerged. \"I understand.\" Ujio bowed his head before he stood tall and left Taka's home. \"What the hell just happen? Was that real?\" Nathan talked to himself as he ran both his hands through his hair, not believing what Ujio asked him. … .. … .. … .. The woods had spots of clearings throughout. Ana found herself in one of the small clearings near the village, but if she was to leave the woods, she would find herself near Ujio's home. She moved on the balls of her feet with the tessen war fan drawn out. Ujio and she had practice through a couple techniques, ones to protect herself from darts and any sort of thrown tools. Ana made sure to move with a smoothness and flow, remembering Ujio going through the steps on how to move and angle the fan certain ways to defend herself, but also to attack. Her breathing was calm and long, maintaining a calm mind as she moved through the motions. Although, she began to picture an enemy across from her; thus, she began to move quicker and acted as if the enemy was attacking her. In the corner of her eyes, Ana saw a figure slowly walking up from behind her. Alone and in the woods, warning bells to be cautious gone up in her head. With a twirl on the balls of her feet, Ana turned around and the war fan swung around. A hand came up to catch her wrist, keeping the tessen from going any further. A gasp escaped Ana as she realized it was Ujio. With the fan fully spread out, a section of the fan edges did press against the side of Ujio's neck. She saw a bead of blood forming, which made her to gasp out again and pulled the fan away. Snapping it shut, Ana tucked the tessen into her obi before she pulled out a small cloth to bring up to Ujio neck. \"Forgive me, I was so focus on training that I lashed out.\" \"No, you were on guard. Do not apologize for what you did right.\" \"Can you ever take the apology, and not say a comment about improvement in my training?\" Ana said with a hint of playfulness. One of the corner of Ujio's lips twitched up, and he stared at her as she pressed the folded cloth to his neck to put pressure on the small cut. He did not pull his eyes away from her face, which she tried to not look anywhere but up toward his face. The corner of his lip twitched up once again into a smirk, knowing she was trying to not to look at him in fear of blushing. Ujio reached out to touch the tessen in her obi, pushing it down a little more to be secured in the obi. This time with his action, her eyes flicker quickly up to meet his before looking away to stare at her hand, which held the cloth in hand to his neck. Ujio brought his hand up to rest upon her hand against his neck, where he felt a small tremble go through her. \"You nervous?\" \"No.\" Ana said quickly in a slight high pitch tone. There was a small scoff from Ujio, knowing she was lying. His hand squeezed hers and he tugged her hand off his neck. \"But—\" \"It is fine.\" Ujio said, continuing to hold her hand as he brought it away from his neck. Ana stared down at their hands and then back up at him, curious about the way he stared at her with a soft look, which was a little surprising to her as Ujio wasn't known for soft manner. There was also the fact he continued to hold her hand, giving it the occasional gentle squeeze. Ana could not produce any words, only stare as she could not understand what Ujio had planned. His unusual behavior was scaring her a bit and becoming a bit concern. \"Ujio, is something wrong?\" Ana asked lowly as she became more concern for his unusual behavior. Ujio let go of her hand, but he stayed close to her. He then took a step back, standing as tall and straight than he already was and lifted his chin up. \"Nothing is wrong.\" \"Okay? But there is something.\" Ana hands clasped together, her kimono sleeves shrouding over her hands. \"I have spoken with your brother.\" \"You two actually spoke.\" Ana eyebrows rose, and she bit back a smile as Ujio shot her a glare. \"He told me you make your own decision. You are independent enough to make decisions. Your customs are a bit different, but I understand his point. It is your decision.\" Ujio explained as he stepped closer to her. The whole comment from Ujio began to confuse Ana even more. Ana could not help but step closer to him, wondering if he was all right or if he was hallucinating. \"Ujio, what are you talking about? What is it that I can make my own decisions? Are you feeling okay?\" Ana asked, even reaching up toward his forehead to check if he had a temperature. Before Ana could touch his forehead, he clasped her hand and held it between them. \"Your decision to accept my proposal for marriage.\" For a few moments it took Ana to digest what Ujio said, but when it did sink in, Ana eyes widen. Her mouth dropped a little, but she quickly shut her mouth as Ujio stared at her without blinking. The next moments the two stared at one another in complete silence. Back home in America, there were times men would come ask Nathan if they could court Ana and then plan for her hand in marriage, but Nathan drove them off. Or she would reject the offers, not finding any of the men to her taste. Ana knew other women that she grew up who immediately accepted a man's hand in marriage because of the status of being married and to produce children. Ana wanted a man to treat her equal yet who was strong and had the never back down attitude, almost a stubbornness to never give up. Ana put all those traits she wanted in a man into Ujio, seeing he hit all these traits easily. He was everything she wanted, and she began to see him in a newer light now that he asked for her hand. Although, Ana knew she felt more with Ujio the longer she spent with him. The only reason she held back from acting out was because she did not know if their differences would change anything. The silence by her began to bring a frown upon Ujio lips as he began to think she was not going to answer. Quickly, Ana wrapped her fingers around his hand which held hers, and tilted her head a little to the right with a small smile set upon her lips. \"Are you sure you can deal with me?\" Ana asked with the smile set on her lips. There was a small smirk which appeared on Ujio lips, and he grasped her hand in return. He stepped closer, tugging her a bit closer to him. Being closer to each other, Ujio was able to stare down at her. \"I accept any challenge you throw at me.\" Ujio assured her. Ana bowed her head a little to stare at the mark she made upon his neck due to the tessen, shutting her eyes as she felt a brush of warmth against her forehead. She soon realized the gentle warmth was Ujio's lips. Slowly, she lifted her head to stare up at Ujio. Her green eyes appeared lighter as sunbeams brought through the treetops of the woods. \"Ujio, I do accept your proposal.\" … .. A Couple Days Later … .. There was a smile on Taka's face the whole time throughout making dinner for the family. Ana head was bowed as she put rice into a pot. It was clear the news of Ana and Ujio spread throughout the small village like wildfire. The news of Ujio request for her hand in marriage shocked a great deal, but there were a good amount of people who were happy. Many saw Ujio as a samurai who would not seek any women for hand in marriage because his main focus was his duty as a samurai. Yet it all changed when Ana came along. Nathan had been a bit iffy at first at the fact she accepted Ujio's proposal, but then he was happy for Ana. He was happy at the fact she was happy, but also, Ujio was a man who would protect and cherish her. Nathan knew no one would dare come around Ana, especially knowing Ujio was to be her future husband. \"When?\" Taka asked simply with the smile still on her lips. Ana lifted her head up, a smile of her own could not help but make way to her lips. She would had never thought she would be asked for a hand in marriage, or if the right man would ever come. But that all changed when she came to this village. She knew something was special about this village, and she knew Nathan felt the same. The Algren siblings were finding this new place, this new setting as a new home where they felt a sense of peace. \"Ujio wanted spring, and I said when the first flower blossoms.\" \"I am happy for you two. Ujio is a good, well-respected man.\" Taka said. \"Thank you.\" Ana replied, picking up the container to bring to the table to set it upon. Ana walked back into the kitchen area, where she would continue to help Taka out to set up the dinner table before the boys came back home. Ana entered the kitchen again, where there was a bento box packed with onigiris. Taka showed Ana how to make onigiri, which Ana was excited when Taka said Ana did good. \"Going to see Ujio?\" Taka smiled with a slight tease in her tone. \"Yes.\" Ana tried not to fluster, but failed, which earned a gentle laugh to escape from Taka. Ana could not help but laugh too. She left the house with the bento box in her hands. She knew that whenever she could not find Ujio, she would go straight to the training field where he most likely was always at. She kept her distance as she noted the samurai men on the training field. She found Nathan amongst them, going through the motions and also, getting a few taps by a bokken sword on his body whenever he did not do the correct movement. When the training came to an end as the sun began to get lower, Ana watched as Ujio stood near Nathan and did not say a word, only fix Nathan's stance. Ana knew that if Nathan could, he would be here all night to get the moves he just learned right. Yet as the sun continued to get lower, Nathan ended the training. Ana stared at Nathan before she turned her attention to Ujio, who caught her presence. She simply grinned and turned away, walking away from the training field. The bento box clasped in her hands as she walked around the outskirt of the village to come to the woods near Ujio's home. She walked to the small clearing where she trained with the tessen, but also where Ujio asked for her hand in marriage. There was a couple boulders buried halfway in the ground, and she sat upon the lowest one with the bento box set beside her on another boulder. The sound of footfalls behind her made Ana to glance over her right shoulder, seeing Ujio appear. He walked over and sat down beside her, adjusting the samurai swords in his sash. \"Nathan appears to be improving.\" \"Hmp.\" Ujio shrugged his shoulders a bit. Ana shook her head and handed the bento box over to Ujio. He reached out and grasped the bento box, but he wrapped his hands around her own. Ana looked up at him, curious about what he was doing. Lately, Ujio appeared to be surprising her with behaviors she never expected from him. Then again, she had a feeling he always had these emotions, just he never got to show them until now. Her head was bowed a little, and she saw Ujio lean forward to brush his lips against her forehead. Yet as she raised her head a little, he dragged his lips gently down the bridge of her nose until he pressed his forehead against her own. \"It's not poison, is it?\" Ujio asked, shaking the bento box in his hold. A small disbelief gasp escaped her, and she could not help but shoot him a glare. There was a teasing glint in his dark brown eyes, showing he was messing with her. Ana managed to get her hands out of his hold to push his chest in a playful manner. There was a low chuckle which came from Ujio. He held the bento box before him and slid the top open to see the perfectly made onigiri. Ana pushed herself up off the boulder to walk into the middle of the clearing, staring up at the treetops at the yellowish gold beams of the sun seeping through. The sun was setting, and the sound of nature around the woods was becoming less. Creatures of the day were to go to bed while creatures of the night would take over. \"These are good.\" Ana turned around to face Ujio as he finished one of the onigiri. She walked over back over to Ujio, sitting down beside him and she continue to stare around at their surroundings. She thought about how peaceful the clearing was, and it was an area where she could come to for alone time or quiet time. \"It's peaceful here.\" Ana said gently, folding her hands onto her lap. \"Did you not find your home peaceful?\" \"It was, but being on a constant move because of Nathan being a soldier, the scenery changed. We lived in places where Nathan was stationed as a captain.\" \"You always stuck with Nathan?\" \"He was all I had.\" Ana answered. Ana turned her head to stare at Ujio, seeing him pick up another onigiri but he was staring at her. He turned his head slightly away to begin eating the onigiri, finishing it up as she began to speak again, and to add more to the sentence she said moments ago. \"But I don't think he will be all I have now.\" Ana added on with a smile on her lips as she stared out at the clearing. The wooden bento box was set upon the boulder with a soft click. The sound drew her attention to Ujio. Her eyes flicker to the bento box, which contained a couple more onigiri. Yet her attention drew back onto Ujio as his face was closer to hers, and his mouth brushed against her jawline. She could not help but close her eyes, turning her face a little to press closer against Ujio's face, and breathing in his spicy yet sweet scent. \"I will be the one to take care of you for now on.\" Ujio mumbled into her right ear. Slowly, Ana pulled back but kept her face close. She pulled back enough to meet Ujio's eyes, yet Ana wanted to test the waters of how far she could go with Ujio. Only to a point where there was ignite of passion between the two. Thus, Ana bumped her nose against his own and her lips brushed against his own. There was a low sound which erupted from Ujio, almost a low growl. The sound made her to pause in pushing forward anymore. Her stillness caused another low sound to escape Ujio, and he took the extra step to move forward to move his lips against her own. A hand came up to her neck to hold her in place while one of her hands came up to grip his top. Their lips pressed together, but Ujio was the first to pull back a little only to come back and angle differently to deepen their kiss. Ana felt a warm sensation go through her as Ujio and she continue to kiss. She now knew the feel of pure passion and what it felt like to be wanted. … .. … .. … .. … .. … .. Hi Everyone, Here was a new chapter. This chapter was aimed to show how deep the relationship became between Ujio and Ana. Also, the marriage will not happen right away; thus, still development between Ujio and Ana. If it seems to fast, I apologize but I want to get the story moving and have more of a plot and do more with the two. Plus, back then there were arranged marriages, but this isn't particularly an arranged marriage, but it does show Ujio asking Nathan for Ana's hand and wanting his approval… Anyway, please enjoy the rest of the story. Please Review, Favorite, and/or Follow! Thank You![Chapter 11] Chapter: Snowball … .. … .. … .. \"Oof!\" Snow poof up a little into the air around Ana. She stared up at the grayish sky, blinking rapidly as snowflakes were falling generously from the sky and landing upon her face. A fog escaped from her mouth, the warmth of her breath touched the cold air, creating a moist fog. There was giggling off to the side making Ana to sit up and turn her head, seeing Higen was the one to laugh. She noted Nobutada stood nearby, trying not to laugh, but he could not stop the wide grin to appear on his lips. With her hands pressed into the ground, she pushed herself up into a standing position. She had not been paying attention when she walked out of Taka's home. Ana was staring at the first snowfall in the village, seeing how the snow was coating everything. She had stepped off the deck, and forgot about how steep of a step it was, which resulted her to wipe out. Ana stood up, brushing the snow off her kimono and gave the two boys a sheepish smile. The two continued to laugh at her, but let out surprise yelps as Ana threw snow at them. Ana bent down to pick up more snow, packing it together to make a snowball. Growing up with a brother like Nathan, Ana and he would always mess around with each other to make some sort of fun within their lives. When Ana threw the snowball, it had created an all out snowball war. She let out a scream as she was hit in the back as she ran away from Higen and Nobutada. Quickly, she hid behind a pile of split wood, ducking as Higen threw a snowball at her. \"Need help?\" Nathan appeared beside her. \"Yes!\" Ana exclaimed. With Nathan on her side, both Nathan and she began to pack a couple snowballs before they charged Nobutada and Higen. Snowballs were flying everywhere with their laughter echoing throughout the area. \"Well, well, if it isn't your future husband.\" Nathan pointed out. Ujio was walking along the path with Katsumoto beside him. The two men gaze upon the snowball war happening, staying back to not get caught up in the mess. Ana knew her next action would be risky, but she wanted to see how much she could push Ujio. The snowball in her hand was packed perfectly into a ball. With precise aim, Ana threw the snowball with a good amount of speed to make long distance. The snowball hit Ujio and burst into pieces against his shoulder. He jumped in shock and glanced at each of them to see who did it. Before Ana could blame and point at Nathan, she saw Nathan already pointing at her. \"Traitor!\" \"Hey, I got hit by him enough…I suggest you run now.\" \"Why should I—\" Ana did not finish her sentence as she turned to look in the direction Nathan looked in. Ana saw Ujio glaring at her and storming toward her. \"Yeah, I guess that I do have to run.\" Ana took a couple steps back before she turned around to start running as fast as she could in the kimono. \"Run, Ana, run!\" Higen shouted with laughter in his tone. Ana could hear fast feet stomping through the snow, the sound of crunching got louder making her to know Ujio was gaining fast on her. She knew that she could run faster if she didn't have the kimono on. An arm came around her waist causing her to let out a scream, especially as she was swung around. She found herself picked up and thrown over her shoulder, which made her to slap Ujio back to set her down. He did set her down, but in a good amount of snow. A shock expression was on her face for him dropping her in the snow. Quickly, she kicked his legs out from under him. It was enough to make him lose his balance and fall down into the snow. She threw clumps of snow at him, pushing herself up into a standing position to start running again. \"Ana!\" Ujio shouted after her. The path she ran was away from the village, away from wandering eyes. She moved around the snow covered trees in the woods and hid behind a large one. Panting, Ana peeked around the tree to see nothing but snow. The snow covered woods was quiet. It was as if the snow absorbed the sounds; thus, making everything silent. There was a soft sound in front of her, which drew her attention forward to see a rabbit. The rabbit was completely white and frozen in its spot upon sensing the presence of Ana. Ana could not help but stare at the white rabbit with awe, finding the rabbit adorable and fit in with the snowy scenery. Arms slid around her body from behind which a sharp inhale escaped her. She turn her head enough to see the side of Ujio's face. Her attention turned back to the rabbit, seeing it hopping a little around the area and toward pieces of grass which stuck out from the snow. \"Will this be in your sketchbook?\" \"Of course.\" Ana nodded with a small grin. Ana felt Ujio pull away from her, allowing her to turn around to face him. He held an arm out, which she slid her arms through and held onto his arm. She walked beside him on a path which would lead up to Katsumoto's temple. \"You have bravery.\" Her eyes shot up to stare at him. \"To throw a snowball at me.\" There was this small twitch in her lips, where she tried not to smile or laugh, but ended up doing so. Small chuckles escaped her before a gasp as Ujio scooped snow off a tree to drop upon her head. Her reaction was to shove him away, but did not realize the slope down a hill. Ujio arms waved around before he slid down and out of sight. \"Ujio!\" Ana yelled, running to the hill ledge. Ana watched as Ujio slid down the hill on his feet, but ended up on his back to slid down the rest of the way. Her hands were over her mouth, not believing she managed to do that. Without a second thought, Ana followed after him. She ended up on her backside halfway down and managed to stop herself before she slid into Ujio. Ujio was on his back, unmoving and eyes shut. \"Ujio.\" Ana knelt down beside him, not caring about her kimono becoming wet due to the snow. Reaching out and pressing her hands against either side of his neck, Ana felt his strong pulse. She gripped his shoulder to give a small shake, saying his name repeatedly with concern becoming deeper in her tone of voice. Ujio continued to not move, staying limp in the snow. \"This is not funny.\" Ana whispered, shaking his body again. \"You have strength to take me off my feet.\" Ujio cracked open his eyes to stare up at her. There was a slight puff of her cheeks before a huff escaped her. She picked snow up to throw it on him, but he caught her wrist before she could. He shook her wrist to make her drop the snow, and then tugged her down to be pressed against him. Ujio turned them enough where she laid halfway on her side and back, staring slightly up at him as he was hovering halfway over her body while holding her wrist in place. \"I want to shove snow in your smug face.\" A snort escaped Ujio as he sat up. He stood up, brushing the snow off of him. He turned around and held his hand out to her, which she grabbed and he helped her to stand. Ujio brushed snow from her back and hair, but made sure to press his lips against her forehead. \"Come.\" \"Maybe we should stay away from hill ledges.\" Ana pointed out, glancing up at the hill they came down. \"Yes, agreed.\" Ujio nodded as he glanced up at the ledge he slid down too. … .. … .. … .. The wooden kaiken smacked together and then pulled away. Ana ducked, swirling around Ujio and placing the kaiken to his lower back. He whirled around to get around her, but she moved to block another strike from him. The training with the wooden kaiken dagger was constantly used to make sure it was one of Ana's strongest skills. When it was only Ujio and she, Ana would put on a women's hakama to wear for bottoms. It was easier for her to move, and she was able to kick at Ujio without the kimono restricting her movements. The two continued to exchange blocks and attacks back and forth. That was until Ana kicked at Ujio, but he blocked the kick with an arm. She twirled on her toes to swing her arm out with the kaiken, but he caught her arm. She continued to move on her toes until she faced Ujio again, bringing her knee up into his stomach. The move made him to let go and it allowed her to lock arms with him with her free arm, to press her body against his own and press the kaiken to his underside of his chin. Her moves were enough to catch him off guard, but also to show how much she learned. It was taking her less time to find an opening on Ujio, which showed his teachings were successful with her. The wooden kaiken was lowered away from the underside of Ujio's chin. His eyes were firm as he stared down at her, but Ana could see a flicker of proudness in them. Ana took a step back from him and bowed, which Ujio returned. He took the wooden kaiken from her and turned away to put the training tools away while she walked away to make tea. As she made the tea, she felt Ujio's presence. He sat down near her, watching as she made the tea the way he showed her. Going through the motions, a ceremony type movement when it came to make the tea. Everything was smooth, swift and to Ana it was patiences. When the tea making was all done and through, Ana and Ujio found themselves on the back deck of his home. The back area faced the woods, where the clearing they usually go to could be seen slightly through the bare trees and shrubs. The winter weather was chilly, yet the hot tea and previous training warmed up their bodies. Ana glanced at Ujio, seeing him make a facial expression as if he wanted to say something. She lowered the cup of green tea down, eyeing him with a single raised eyebrow. \"What is on your mind, Ujio?\" Ujio lowered the cup of green tea from his lips to glance at her. \"I believe you are better fighter than your brother.\" \"Ujio.\" She scowled, but not in a serious way, more of a jokily way. \"It is true.\" Ujio shrugged his shoulders as he brought his tea back up to his lips to take a sip. \"Then you should take credit, Ujio.\" \"Why?\" \"You are the one who taught me, and continue to teach.\" \"As my future wife of course I want you to be strong. To protect the household and any future children.\" \"Indeed. With me soon to be your wife, everyone would probably expect the wife of Ujio to be a brute of a woman.\" Ana said dryly, but could not help but let out low laughs as Ujio shot her a look. \"Everyone will know to not tempt you.\" \"So, you do not mind a brute of a wife who would beat up men?\" Ana teased. There was a couple seconds in silence until Ujio set his cup of tea down to turn his head to stare at her. \"If it means to protect the house, to protect what is important to you, beat anyone up…\" Ujio said, but the way he finished the sentence Ana knew he was not done. \"Although your beauty does need to stay. I wish to think of your beauty every time I look at you. Be strong all you want, it is also a part of your beauty too.\" The comment, more of a compliment toward her made a blush to appear on Ana's upper cheeks. Ujio reached out to rest his hand on top of hers since she set the cup of tea down too. He stared down at their hands, watching her fingers brush against his own. \"Thank you for seeing me in that view, but to tell me too.\" Ana said lowly, staring down at their hands and brushing her fingers against his own. Ana pulled her hand out from under his, untangling their fingers too. She picked up his hand to turn it palm up and traced his whole hand in a caressing manner. Fingertips brushing over the callouses and tiny scars too. Ana saw Ujio's hands as hardworking hands, hands which were always in use to train and work. Such hands showed the commitment and effort in everything he does. \"Ana.\" Her mossy green eyes lifted up to meet his eyes, her dark thin eyebrows raised in a questionable manner. \"Try not to become a brute.\" A smile cracked onto her lips, and she could not help but lightly laugh. Ujio grinned and turned his attention away from her, but he allowed her to continue tracing his hand, which was trapped in her hold. Her touches were soothing against his harden hands, and he never experience such softness before. Ujio found her touches welcoming, and he would continue to welcome these touches, especially the warmth sensation it brought and spread throughout his body. … .. … .. … .. … .. … .. Hi Everyone, Here was a new chapter. Enjoy. Thank You! Please Review, Favorite, and/or Follow![Chapter 12] Chapter: Snow … .. … .. … .. The sketchbook was set on her lap, a charcoal pencil in her right hand. Her eyes casted up from the sketchbook to the samurai men training in the snow in between the homes. There was a good size opening near Taka's home where the training was happening. Since the fields were covered with a lot of snow, the pathways and yards had lower levels of snow due to the amount of times people would need to walk through the pathways. Ana would always wince whenever Nathan got a good whack to his body. He got a few, and she knew it stung more than usual due to the cold air. Everyone was dressed for the winter season, but the chilled temperature would sometimes bring a shiver throughout everyone. The sketch Ana did was of Nathan training against another samurai. The sketch of Nathan showed his face scrunched up a bit while he was in mid-swing. The sketch showed the determination and hard effort Nathan put in every swing and jab of the wooden bokken sword. She glanced up at Nathan and his training partner before she looked back down at the sketchbook to put in a few more detailed lines. Her thumb brushed against a few lines to give more detail to the ripples of Nathan's attire. She looked up to see as Nathan stood up from a bow with his training partner. Ana did a couple more details to the sketch before she shut the sketchbook, seeing Nathan come to an end to his training for today. She would finish the rest of the sketch later on, but for now, she stood up from her spot due to the end of training. Walking away, Ana moved along the deck to Taka's home and entered the home to go to her room to put away her sketchbook. As she step out of the room, she watched as Magojiro ran around with Taka closely behind. A small laugh escaped Ana as she realized Taka needed to capture Magojiro because he was covered in food. As Magojiro came running in her direction, giggling, Ana scooped him up and held him, laughing with him. \"He is a fast one.\" Taka sighed as she took Magojiro from Ana. \"Yes, it would appear so.\" Ana watched as Taka held Magojiro close and walked away, telling the little one about taking a much needed bath. Ana walked out of the house, where she began to walk into the direction of Ujio's home. On her way, Ana came across Nathan, who was making way toward the pathway toward Katsumoto's place. \"Nathan.\" \"Ana.\" \"Have you been noticing any changes in the training?\" \"It's a lot harder than it looks.\" \"But you have the right attitude to not give up.\" Ana said as she stood in front of her older brother. The two stared at one another, but looked up at the sky, which began to have snowflakes fall from. \"Has Ujio been good to you?\" \"Yes, he has.\" \"Maybe once I get better, we should challenge each other.\" There was a teasing smile on Nathan's lips. \"Please, I will take you down.\" \"Ujio is still training you, isn't he?\" \"Of course he has. You do know how Ujio is.\" Ana smiled. \"Trust me, I know.\" Nathan said, unconsciously rubbing his side where Ujio struck him yesterday in training. Ana laughed, waving to her brother as she resume in walking in the direction of Ujio's home. As she got closer to Ujio home, she sensed a presence come toward her from her right side at a quick pace. Immediately, her right hand gone to the top of the tessen in her obi and she was prepared to pull it out. \"Your senses are becoming sharper every day.\" The familiar voice of Ujio made Ana to relax and turn around in the direction of where Ujio was. He walked right up to her, his left hand came out to rest against her lower back and led her toward his home that would soon be hers too. \"You sketched during the training.\" Ujio said, picking up her hand and flipping her hand over to show the smug charcoal marks on her fingertips. \"Yes, I drew Nathan today.\" Ana said gently as she stared at her fingertips with Ujio. Ana pulled her hand away from his to kneel down and pick up some snow. She rubbed the snow in between her hands, using the moister of the snow to wash away the charcoal smudge marks off her hands. She dropped the melted snow into the ground, staring down at her hands where the smudge marks were mostly gone. Ujio grabbed her hands and used his own to rub her hands, wiping away the wetness and also, heating her hands back up. He grabbed one of her hands afterwards to walk with her into his home. Upon being inside Ujio home, Ana mentioned about tea but also she would make dinner. Ujio tried to argue, but she shook her head and walked through the house to head toward the kitchen area. Her eyes flicker off to the side where she saw Ujio go into the room where his samurai armor was on a stand. He sat down nearby with his katanas drawn out, and he began to clean the blades. With Ujio taking care of his blades, Ana made the tea first to bring him a tray. She knelt down before the door with the tray in her hands and she set the tray into the room. Ujio made a gesture for her to come in further to which she did, moving forward where she began to pour the tea. The tea pot was set down, and she stood up from her spot. She eyed Ujio, seeing how concentrated and gentle he was with his blades. Ana walked out and gone back into the kitchen where she started a meal for them. … .. … .. … .. The cool water made her cringe a little as she washed the bowls out. Ana could have heated the water up, but decided not to wait for a decent amount of water to heat up to simply wash out the bowls and utensils from dinner. The wet bowls were being set aside, needing to be dry off. Ana set another bowl to the side before she started on one of the two pots she used to make the meal. Footsteps came from behind her and then beside her. Her eyes gone to the right where Ujio picked up a bowl to dry. \"Ujio, you don't have—\" Ana started, but stopped by a single look from Ujio. \"Thank you.\" Ana said softly with a nod, focusing back on the task at hand. With the two of them, the job got done quicker. Ana began to put away everything in a careful manner, not wanting to damage any of the kitchenware. Ujio was there to help, but he accidentally brushed against her, which made her to jolt in surprise and a bowl slipped out of her hand. The two reacted, both reaching out. Ana had grabbed one side of the bowl and Ujio the other side. Their eyes shot up to meet each other with relief looks. Although a small laugh escaped Ana, more nervous than happy. She did not know if this bowl moved down through generations in Ujio family or not, but either way, she would feel bad if it broke. Carefully, the bowl was set into the cabinet. Ana turned away from the cabinet to continue to clean the kitchen and the table, but noted she had done the kitchen already. When she entered the room where the low table was, she slowly blinked as she saw it was completed too. Ana knew she did not do the low table that Ujio and she ate yet, but she found her answer when she turned around to find Ujio before her. \"Did you—\" \"Yes.\" Ujio nodded. Ana gave a thankful expression as she walked forward and was about to move by him to put the cleaning items away. A hand wrapped around her wrist making her to pause in her step and turned her body halfway around to face Ujio. Their eyes connected, and Ana could not help but move closer. The times she lived in this new land, learning about the new customs, she did not see much affection out in public. There was a lot of discipline. Sometimes Ana did not know whether to show affection or not to Ujio when it was just them. It appeared he was seeing her struggle to figure it out because as of late he had been showing affection to her. Ana moved closer, where Ujio took away the cleaning supplies from her and dropped it to the ground. Water splashed a bit out of the small wood bucket and the cloth made a splat sound on the wood floors. A hand brushed against the side of her face. Her eyes flickered up to meet his, shutting her eyes soon after as his lips brushed up the bridge of her nose and against her forehead. The feel of her hair coming out of the bun and swishing across her back made her to open her eyes. Her eyes flickered up to meet his once again, seeing him holding the clasp that held her hair into a bun. She tried to take the clasp back, but Ujio held it a good distance from her. \"Give it.\" \"No.\" Ujio said with a challenging look. Ana tried to snatch it from him, but he turned away from her. She tried to pull down his arms, but he stayed strong and held it above them. With a huff, Ana glared at him. There was a twinkle of amusement in Ujio's dark eyes, thinking he won this. The mischievous look drew Ujio's attention, but Ana did not let him have time to react. She was close enough to lift her head up enough to press her lips against the corner of his. The goatee tickle around her lips, but she ignored it as Ujio began to lower his hand with her hair clasp. Ana snatched her clasp away with a sense of victory, but she forgot about the hair clasp as hands wrapped around her waist and she was tugged even closer. The hair clasp dropped to the ground as Ana hands clenched the labels of Ujio's top as their lips were against each other. There lips pulled a part, but they kept their faces close. \"Your eyes…\" Her head tilted a little as he did not finish his sentence. His eyes were slightly moving in a back and forth manner, studying her eyes. \"…are beautiful.\" Ujio finished. There was not blushing due to his compliment, only her leaning back forward to press her lips against his own. … .. Next Day … .. Ana took time amongst herself to enjoy the snowy scenery and to search for a spot where she could stare at the whole village with the many tall hills in the background. She wanted to make a portrait of the village as a whole. Though, she began to think it would be a better idea to do the sketch when it was not snowing. A light snowfall began again, and Ana found herself come to a pause on a trail near Taka's home. She went to turn back around, but came face to face with Nathan. \"Where are you going?\" \"I was going to sketch the whole village from a distance, but it started to snow again.\" Ana said, staring up at the sky before she was looking at him. \"What are you doing?\" Ana asked. \"Going to train some more.\" Nathan answered, crossing his arms across his chest. \"I see. Well, have fun.\" Ana grinned, patting Nathan on the shoulder as she was walking by. \"Ana.\" \"Yes?\" Ana turned around slowly, but ducked as Nathan swung at her. \"Are you mad!?\" Ana snapped, backing up as Nathan came at her. \"I want to see how much Ujio has been training you.\" \"Are you kidding me! You are such a—a—\" Ana dodged Nathan as he tried to tackle her. \"An idiot!\" Ana got out as she tossed her sketchbook onto Taka's home deck and blocked Nathan's arm. … .. Ujio walked with Shinji and Takashi through the village, going toward an opening near Taka's home where there wasn't much snow. The samurais had been using the area to train, instead of the usual open field, which was heavy with snow. A frustrated yell drew the three men attention. They walked a little quicker until they came around a small house to see where the yell came from. An immediately glare was set on Ujio's face. The glare was set firmly on Nathan, who was going after Ana, who was defending herself. Ujio felt his face twitched a little and he began to make move toward the two siblings, mainly Nathan, but Shinji spoke out. \"Ujio, let Ana handle this.\" \"I do not want my future bride to get hurt by her barbarian brother!\" Ujio snapped, glaring at Shinji. \"If you taught her, and continue to do so, Ana should be able to handle herself well.\" Takashi spoken up, stepping up beside Shinji. Ujio made a small growl sound and turned away from the two to stare back at the Algren siblings. However, he realized Takashi was right. Ujio clenched the wood bokken in his hand, ready to use it if Nathan hurt Ana too bad. However, the longer Ujio stared at Ana defending herself with smooth blocks and dodges, Ujio saw she was a tough opponent to face. He began to think of the training, and he began to feel a boost of confidence in her knowledge to absorb everything he taught her. When Nathan tried to overpower Ana, Ujio felt himself take another step forward and his jaw flexed. Yet, he continued to watch as Ana managed to use her agile steps to get around Nathan and kick the back of his knees out. He collapsed on the ground, and before he got roll out of the way, Ana kicked him straight in the back. A smirk came onto's Ujio's face as he watched Nathan go face first into the ground. As Nathan pushed himself back up, Ana picked up a clump of snow with both hands and smacked it straight to Nathan's face. \"Enough! Go train!\" Ana snapped, storming away from Nathan and picking up her sketchbook from the deck. Ana stepped into the house and slid the door shut harder than usual. Nathan, Ujio, Shinji and Takashi could not help but make a face or wince at how aggressive Ana slammed the shoji door shut. With Ana done with dealing with Nathan, Ujio took it upon himself to appear by Nathan and stare down at him with arms crossed over his chest. \"You saw that, didn't you?\" Nathan mumbled, wiping snow off his face. There was a low hum and a small nod from Ujio, which made Nathan to sigh. Before Nathan could say anything more, Ujio had the end of the bokken wood sword in front of Nathan's face. \"If she got hurt, I would hurt you.\" Nathan let out a small grunt as he pushed himself up into a standing position. He swiped the snow off his attire before his eyes came to settle on Ujio. A small smirk came on Nathan's lips, which had Ujio a bit confused. \"Why do you grin?\" \"Because even though you and I don't see eye to eye, I know for a fact Ana will be safe with you.\" Nathan said and then he walked by Ujio to head toward the area where they will be training. Later on, after training, Ujio found Ana on the back deck of his home. She had a blanket around her shoulders, and her sketchbook on her lap. Slowly, he came to sit down beside her and glance down at her sketch work. The sketch was of the woods before them, nothing more. When her hand came to a stop on the sketchbook, Ujio lifted his eyes up to find that Ana was staring at him. \"You saw Nathan and I today, didn't you?\" \"Yes, I warned him too.\" \"I knew you would, but you know he would not hurt me.\" \"Hmp.\" Ujio grunted as he tucked his hands in the long sleeves of his top. Ana set the sketchbook aside to pivot in her spot to face Ujio. She reached out to brush some snowflakes that had not melted away off his top. His head turned to stare at her. Ana adjusted herself to sit closely beside him and slowly, she rested her head on top of his left shoulder. \"Your teachings help, Ujio. I believe Nathan wanted to see what you have been teaching me.\" Ana told him in a gentle tone. \"Still, I do not want to see him charging you again.\" \"At least it wasn't with weapons.\" Ana said, turning her head to rest her chin on his shoulder and stare up into his eyes. There was a slight scowl for her comment, but it vanished from Ujio's face. \"I suppose.\" Ujio mumbled, bowing his head a little and shutting his eyes. Ana began to think about Nathan and his sudden surprise attack on her. It was not the first time Nathan and she got into a fight. Usually their fights were verbal, but growing up, there had been hand to hand fights. Ana thought how protective Nathan was over her, but with Ujio to be her future husband, and the way he was, Ana got an even more overprotective man in her life. The thought of Nathan and Ujio protecting her was definitely a good thing, yet she hoped they did not protect her to the point they become insufferable. The thought of the two men protecting her made her to get an obvious thought. \"Ujio, you do realize Nathan will soon be your brother-in-law, right?\" Ana bit back a grin as Ujio's eyes snapped open and he looked at her with wide eyes. There was a small twitch near his mouth before he looked away, letting out a deep exhale from his nose. She could not help but grin now, knowing Ujio wasn't happy at the thought. Although, she knew Ujio and Nathan would lighten up around each other. Or so she hoped. There was a scowl on Ujio face now as he thought about her comment. Ana lifted her head off of Ujio's shoulder and she leaned forward to press her lips against his cheek. Her actions immediately drew his attention on her. Seeing she managed to distract him, Ana knew her plan worked to make Ujio think about anything other than what she said a couple moments ago. Ana leaned forward to bump her nose against his and then their lips brushed each other. She could see she had his full attention now. The grin was bit back again as she got Ujio to focus on her, not about anything else. Her lips came to settle against Ujio's lips. Ujio returned the kissing, adding more passion to the affection they felt for one another. … .. … .. … .. … .. … .. Hi Everyone, Here was a new chapter. Please Review, Favorite, and/or Follow! Enjoy! Thank You![Chapter 13] Chapter: Camellia … .. … .. … .. The snow was beginning to melt. Ana asked Ujio what the year and the season was since she never bother to figure the dates out upon Nathan and her arrival to the small village. She found her answer to be 1877 and winter was disappearing, spring was going to be arriving. The thought of spring arriving was a bit nerve-wracking for Ana. Ujio and her had agreed to marry in spring when the first sign of flowers were to bloom. Her anxious personal must had been obvious as Taka came to Ana's rescue to calm her down, but to also help Ana with preparations for the upcoming wedding. Ana walked through the village with a small smile upon her face as she saw Nathan walking between Higen and Nobutada, appearing to be learning more about the Japanese language. She could not help but stop in her tracks, seeing how different her older brother was. His past was tragic and given him nightmares, but now, being in this new environment with new customs, Nathan's past demons were being washed away. \"You look to be in deep thought.\" Turning away from staring at Nathan, Ana came to face Katsumoto. He gave her a small grin, nodding his head in a gesture for them to continue to walk. \"Nathan has changed since his arrival here. I feel as if I changed.\" \"In a good way, no?\" Katsumoto asked with a small tilt of his head to the side. \"Yes, it is in a good way. Nathan does not have nightmares anymore, and he doesn't look trouble.\" \"And you?\" Ana came to a pause in her walking again and she was staring at the back of Ujio's home. She saw Ujio outside on the back deck, meditating. She got a small grin set upon her face as she stared at the man, who entered her life and changed it for the better. \"I have come to enjoy every little aspect that life has to offer.\" Ana turned her head away from Ujio direction to stare up at Katsumoto. \"That is good.\" Katsumoto continued to grin before his eyes gone up to stare in the direction Ujio's home was. \"Who would have thought I will be getting marry.\" \"Yes, and it is to one of my strongest samurai too.\" \"I have to admit, I was surprised when he asked me.\" \"Ujio saw a strong, brave, and determine woman in you. You were different from our normal women, and even though Ujio portrays himself as not liking outsiders, his curiosity to learn more is a weakness of his.\" \"You are saying I was a mysterious puzzle to him…\" A single eyebrow raise on Ana's face. \"To Ujio, you were his opposite and it drawn him in. Plus, for a woman to stand up against him, it drawn him in even more.\" \"I'm a challenge.\" \"A wonderful challenge to accept and to cherish.\" Katsumoto grinned, which reached his eyes. \"Where I come from, love is displayed and it is not a weakness.\" \"I know, and that is another reason why Ujio sees you as a good change. He is traditional, but he also seeks to learn everything. He watches you interact with everyone, especially your brother, and he sees the happiness and love you show. I believe you happen to show Ujio love is not a weakness when shown, but a constant motivation to continue to fight for what you cherish.\" Katsumoto explained, his thumbs tucked a bit in his sash around his waist. Through his explanation, Ana bowed her head and she could not stop the small smile which appeared onto her lips. She lifted her head to stare toward Ujio and it was as if he knew he was being talked about. The next moment, Ujio lifted his head and turned it into their direction. Ana turned her head away to stare at Katsumoto with the small smile set upon her lips. \"What we come to cherish and come to love will always motivate us to continue to push on, and to protect it no matter the cost.\" Ana replied. There was a small nod from Katsumoto with the grin still on his face. \"I could not had said such truer words.\" Katsumoto said and then bowed his head a little. Ana bowed too, but turned around as she sensed a presence coming in their direction. She saw Ujio walk on over with his hand rested on top of his wakizashi hilt, tucked in his sash. He gave a bow before Katsumoto. \"My lord.\" \"Ujio.\" Ujio stood tall and he glanced at Ana for a moment before his eyes came to set on Katsumoto. \"Ana and I had a good conversation. Cherish her, Ujio.\" Katsumoto said, glancing at Ana with a smirk before he turned on his heels and walked away. Ana stared after Katsumoto, thinking about their conversation. She faced Ujio, who stepped a little closer to her with curiosity set on his face. \"Nothing bad?\" \"No, we were simply talking about the beauty of everything.\" Ana answered as she stepped forward to stand beside Ujio as she faced his home. \"I see.\" Ujio nodded. Ana could see the curious look still presented on Ujio's face. He knew there was more that Katsumoto and her talked about, but Ana felt it was to stay that way. Only for Katsumoto and her to speak about Ujio. She knew if she told Ujio what Katsumoto said, Ujio might harden up and try not to show much affection anymore. Although, Ana thought it could also be the opposite, and Ujio would continue to act the way he has been because Katsumoto complimented Ujio on opening up and being accepting, such as, accepting Ana, even though she was seen as an outsider to their customs and land. \"It was nothing bad, Ujio. Trust me.\" Ana said with a reassuring smile. Ujio stared at her for a few seconds, and then he gave a small nod. He walked alongside her with his hand still rested on the hilt of his wakizashi, showing he was always on alert to fight and protect. Ana glanced at Ujio in the corner of her eyes, the smile still set upon her lips as she thought back to the conversation with Katsumoto, and she was happy with Ujio. But also, she was happy because Ujio let her into his life even if she was considered an outsider. She was happy Ujio saw past her background and where she came from, and accepted her. She was happy at the fact Ujio accepted her enough to ask for her hand in marriage. There was nothing but happiness emitting from Ana as Ujio and she were walking toward home. … .. A Couple Days Later … .. The snow continued to melt in a quick pace. Streams were overflowing due to the melting snow, but would even out as time gone on. Ana took in the bright green leaves of the trees in the woods, taking in how everything sprung to life after a snowy winter. She walked along a path, dodging muddy spots to not get her waraji sandals wet and dirty. Her eyes looked around her, hands tucked in her long kimono sleeves. There was still a chill to the air, but it was fresh and crisp when taking deep breaths in. She brought one hand out of the sleeves and let her fingers brushed against leaves and any lower branches from trees when she walked by. A smile came onto her lips as she gaze up at the treetops, seeing the sunlight peeking through to give the pathway a yellowish gold hue. The sound of nature also made her to continue to keep the grin upon her lips, enjoying the liveliness throughout the woods. As she walked around a bend, bowing her head to passing samurais, Ana looked back up to continue down the path. She began to go down hill, staying careful of her steps, but also, she was gazing around her surroundings. Even though Ana was in the area of the village, there was still a sense to be on guard. The closer she got to the village, the woods became less dense. Her eyes came to rest to her right, noting something bright. She came to halt to see what it was, and her mouth dropped a little in an 'oh' expression when she saw what it was. The expression soon disappeared, and a small smile took over. … .. … .. … .. Ujio entered the home, looking around for Ana. He could smell the food, but he could not find her or even sense her presence. Usually Ujio could sense when Ana was around as she had this great amount of energy she emitted off of her body. \"Ana?\" Ujio called for her, looking around for any sign of her. His hand could not help but rest on top of his wakizashi hilt, eyes narrowing as he was walking through his home. There was a tray of food set on the table, but there was no Ana. He walked further into his home until he came to the room where his samurai armor was on a stand. It was there Ujio found a sign that Ana had been in the room. It was a sign that made him to think for a few moments for the meaning and then a small smirk came onto his lips. Ujio walked toward his armor, and then knelt down to pick up a bright red tsubaki—a Camellia flower. He cupped the flower with a gentle touch, smirking as he thought about a couple things. One of the meanings of the tsubaki, the camellia flower was love. The other thought that echoed through his mind was his proposition to Ana. The first flower to bloom, their marriage was soon to follow. As he stood up from his position, and this time he sensed Ana. He turned around where she stood in the doorway with her hands clasped in front of her and a small closed smile upon her lips. Ujio could not help the small grin to come onto his lips as he walked toward Ana. The flower was a sign of their future together, and he found himself wanting to be with Ana now. Ujio stepped up to her and brushed her cheek with his left hand as his right cupped the tsubaki flower. He stayed close to her, brushing the tip of his nose against her forehead and breathing in her pleasant floral scent. \"You will be my wife soon enough.\" \"Is it what you want, Ujio?\" \"Should I not be asking you that question?\" Ujio questioned in reply. \"Yes, but I can ask too. Yes, I want to be with you.\" \"Then I can say the same. You will be my wife. I will be your husband.\" \"That is how it usually works.\" Ana said with a teasing tone. A low shush sound came from Ujio and he shot her a glare, but one with a hint of playfulness in them. Between Ana and he, their sarcasm and dry remarks was entertainment for the two. He brought his lips to press against her forehead, and then he brought his head down to press his lips against her lips. \"I wish to preserve the flower.\" Ana whispered against Ujio's lips as he pulled away a little. \"Yes.\" Ujio nodded, stepping back enough to hand her the red tsubaki flower. Ana cupped the flower in her hands and walked out of the room. Ujio stared after her with soften eyes, thinking about the first time he met the Algren siblings. He thought how he met Ana on the battlefield, almost taking her head off if it wasn't for her strength to hold a katana up to block his attack. He disliked Nathan, but grew to enjoy Ana's present. His curiosity of an outsider made him to spend more time with Ana, especially when she demanded his respect. He did not know why he was not bother by her as much as Nathan, but then again, Nathan irked something within Ujio. Ujio walked out of the room, sliding the shoji door shut behind him to the room where his armor was. He walked into the dining room, watching as Ana began to set up the table for them to eat their meal. Ujio sat himself down at the low table, and he bowed his head in a thankful manner as Ana served him. Ana stood up from her spot to set the tray to the side and sat down in her spot, watching Ujio pick up his hashi before picking up her own. There was a grin still set upon Ana's lips, and Ujio could not stop the smirk set on his. He could feel the happiness come off Ana in waves, and he did not point it out for he was also happy of the discovery of the bloomed flower. … .. … .. … .. … .. … .. Hi Everyone, Here was a new chapter. I do apologize if any sort of information/facts are wrong throughout the chapter. I am simply doing quick research with certain facts and whatnot. The next chapter will be the wedding ceremony, which once again, I do apologize if I do not have the facts/information correct. Enjoy! Thank You! Please Review, Favorite, and/or Follow![Chapter 14] Chapter: Together … .. … .. … .. Ana was nervous she would mess up or do some sort of act that would mess everything up. Taka kept assuring Ana that she would be fine, but Ana could not get the nervousness flutter in her belly. Taka pushed Ana's hand away from playing with her perfectly down up hair. Ana gave Taka a sheepish grin, which Taka shook her head with a small smile. Taka continued to help Ana prepare for the wedding ceremony. \"You look beautiful.\" Both Ana and Taka turned around where Nathan stood in the doorway of one of the many rooms in the temple Katsumoto lived in. The ceremony was to be in the shrine, where a priest would marry Ujio and Ana. Nathan was dressed in a nice hakama and a haori top. He walked closer to Ana, his smile reaching his eyes. \"Thank you.\" Ana whispered, trying not to get emotional. \"I simply can't get over the fact you are getting marry. My little sister going to marry a man that enjoys kicking my—\" \"Nathan!\" Ana hissed at him. There was a small sound which escaped from Taka, who put a hand over her mouth to hide her amusement. Nathan moved closer to her and continued to smile at her with a soft expression. \"You are the image of a perfect bride, soon to be wife. I am happy and proud of you, Ana.\" Ana felt herself swallow a little harder, trying not to get emotional. Seeing Nathan show emotions, his eyes glistening with unshed tears made her to look away from him. She would start crying if she saw someone else cry, especially her older brother. \"Okay, okay, I am good. I will try not to cry. I do not need you to cry because if Ujio sees, he will blame me and beat me down for making you cry.\" Nathan explained, clearing his throat and standing a bit taller as if he was acting tough. There was a small laugh which escaped Ana due to Nathan trying to be the tougher and the stronger sibling in this situation. Nathan gave a small bow to Taka and she before he left the room, shutting the shoji door behind him. \"I feel as if I am going to throw up.\" \"You will be fine, Ana. Ujio and you will be good for one another.\" Taka said in a soft tone, reaching out to brush imagery dust off of Ana's pure white shiromuku dress. \"Will we be happy, Taka?\" Ana whispered, shutting her eyes as she rested one of her hands on top of the tessen tucked in her white obi. \"Yes, because Ujio would not ask for your hand in marriage if he was not happy with you already.\" Taka said, taking a step back to stare over Ana's kimono. Ana glanced down at herself, smiling at the pure white kimono and then her eyes came up to meet Taka. Taka was simply smiling with her hands clasped in front of her. \"Your brother is right, you are beautiful.\" \"Thank you for not just the compliment, but also, for helping me with everything.\" Ana said as she gave a bow to Taka and then stood up straight. Taka gave a small bow back with the smile set upon her lips and she walked to the shoji door, hand on the edge and she turned halfway around to stare at Ana. \"Are you ready?\" There was a deep intake of breath from Ana and then a long exhale from her nose. She stood tall and chin raised. With a small nod, Taka gave a nod back and slid open the shoji door, stepping aside to let Ana out. … .. The ceremony was a small private affair with family and close friends. With no parents on either side of the bride and groom, it was close friends. Ujio stared at Nathan, staring at Nathan talk with Katsumoto. Katsumoto questioned Nathan about Ana, and Ujio managed to hear a couple of words, especially the words about Ana looking stunning. Ujio felt himself become anguish, and wanting to see Ana more than ever. Ujio would had never thought he would get marry, especially to someone from a different land and culture. Yet, he could not wait to be able to call Ana his wife and to be able to come home to someone. The moment everyone quieted down, Ujio turned around to face what had silence everyone. He maintained a straightforward expression, but his eyes could not help but brighten up at the sight of Ana. Ujio took a step forward with the bangasa umbrella, holding it over her as she came to a halt before him. When she looked up at him, Ujio breath caught in his throat as her green eyes appeared to be glowing against the pure white shiromuku dress. He did not realize he whispered 'beautiful' out loud until Ana blushed a little and complimented his appearances. With the two presence, the two stared at one another and turned together to enter the shrine with their family and close friends following behind. … .. The moment Ana and Ujio finished the ceremony, and going through the offerings, it was then the two realize they were married. The upturn of Ana's lips did not sway off her lips as she was absolutely excited. The reception was small, but it was enough to celebrate the union between Ujio and Ana. Ujio stuck close beside Ana, continuing to stare down at her with a soft expression. He bowed his head close to Ana's ear, but his eyes still stare around the room. \"I wonder if you are a mysterious entity amongst us.\" \"Oh?\" Ana turned her head, her nose bumping against Ujio's nose. \"You look absolutely divine.\" Ujio whispered, eyes flickering down to her lightly painted lips before his eyes were meeting her radiant green eyes. \"You're quite handsome yourself, my samurai husband.\" Ana held back a smirk as she saw a twitch in Ujio's face. She knew he wanted to hold her close, and to show her affection, but he resisted himself. With the pleasant reception happening, the newlywed couple did not want to make their guests uneasy or make any comments toward the each other that was in a suggestive manner. The evening was pleasant, and when the reception began to lighten up, Ana felt a small ball of nervous in her once again. She eyed Ujio across the room, seeing him talking with Katsumoto and Nobutada. Ana was nervous for tonight when Ujio and she were to consummate their marriage. Taka had assured Ana she would be fine, but Ana heard stories about first times. She was nervous, and prayed she did not mess the night up. A hand rested upon her arm making her to turn her attention to the owner of the hand. \"Are you all right?\" Taka whispered, pulling her hand away from Ana's arm. \"I am nervous for tonight.\" \"It is okay to be nervous. Ujio will be nervous too.\" \"You think?\" \"He doesn't want to mess up or hurt you, Ana.\" Taka whispered, looking over to the men in a group and talking to each other. Ana gave a small nod, clenching her hands. \"I don't want to mess up either.\" \"You won't. You two adore each other.\" Taka gave her a reassuring smile. The two women stood side by side with each other with grins. Ana managed to maintain a grin, even as Ujio began to make his way over to her. She masked her nervousness by the grin, but she had a feeling Ujio knew what she was feeling. He gave her a questionable look that showed held concern for her. Taka bowed to the two of them and then walked away, heading toward Nobutada, who stood with her children. \"Are you all right?\" Ujio asked lowly, stepping closer to Ana. \"Fine.\" Ana replied immediately, which made Ujio to narrow his eyes a bit as he did not fully believe her. Ana rested her hand upon Ujio's forearm, and together they walked around the room to thank everyone for their presences and gifts. Both Ana and Ujio gave thank you gifts in return too. When everyone began to break a part, Ana and Ujio began to take their leave. Everyone wished them a happy marriage and future together as they walked away. Ujio led them through pathways until Ana recognized where they were. Ujio had led them to the small clearing in the woods behind his home. The clearing where they would train together, but also, where he asked for her hand in marriage. The sun was down by the time their wedding reception was over, and it was almost a full moon. There were beams of the moonlight shining through the tree tops and lightening up the small clearing. \"Tell me.\" Ujio said simply, turning to face her. Slowly, Ana brought up her eyes to stare up at him. His hand came up to brush her cheek and then he cupped her face, stepping closer to her. Ujio bowed his head to the point their forehead pressed together and their eyes were in line with each other. \"I am—\" She paused, shutting her eyes as she was beginning to feel a little fluster to admit the truth to him. \"Ana.\" Ana opened her eyes back up to stare into his dark brown eyes. \"I understand the nervousness.\" Ujio told her. \"It's just it is my, well…\" Ana felt herself blushing. There was a hint of understanding in Ujio's eyes, a comforting grin upon his lips. The hand which cupped her cheek began to caress her cheek. He dropped his hand away to take a small step back from her and he grabbed her hand. With a small tug, Ana began to walk with him out of the clearing. There was a small path being formed from the small clearing through the woods and out toward Ujio's home. It began to form due to the amount of times Ujio and she would walk to this clearing. Ana stared at Ujio's home, which was now her home too. She felt herself stare down at the ground as they came to a pause in front of the deck. Ujio walked up first and held his hand out to her, which she accepted and stepped close to him. When Ana looked up at Ujio, his hand was set upon her face and he leaned down to press his lips against her own. She could not help but press herself close to him, kissing him back. They pulled away, noses brushing against each other and their lips brushing against each other too. \"Beautiful.\" Ujio said, staring at her. Ana found herself grin before she pressed her lips against his in a quick manner and then pulled away. He made a low sound that was a mixture of a grunt and growl. Ana felt the nervousness slip away when she acted bold and in a tease manner; thus, she brushed her hand diagonally up across Ujio chest as she walked by him and into their home. The shoji door slid open, and Ana slipped her footwear off. She glanced over her right shoulder at Ujio with half-lidded eyes and a small grin before she faced forward to disappear deeper into the house. Ujio felt his jaw flex, his hands flexing on his sides as he was trying to control himself from not lunging after Ana and having her on the floor in front of the front door. He stepped into the home, slipping his waraji off of his feet to walk deeper into the house to find Ana. … .. Ujio gave Ana time to change out of her wedding attire and into sleeping attire. He moved to the bedroom, which was now made into a room for both Ana and he. Ujio walked to the bedroom door, sliding open the shoji door to not find Ana. \"She is an enigma.\" Ujio mumbled. The house was not big, and Ujio could not understand at times how Ana got away from him without him knowing. He was good when it came to sensing her presence, but there were times she would disappear swiftly and silently. Ujio walked out of the bedroom and to the hallway, where he pushed open another shoji door, which led out to a small deck outside. The deck pointed to the back of the house and faced the woods. It was where he found Ana, standing in a simple red sleepwear kimono with her long waist length brunette hair swaying against her back. The sight of her green eyes peeking over her shoulder and staring at him made Ujio unconsciously move toward her. … .. Ana sensed Ujio come closer to her from behind. She had peeked over her shoulder to show him she knew he was there. The feel of his presence sent a tingling feeling through her body. Ana shut her eyes as she felt his hands hover over her shoulders and then rest upon them. Warmth spread through her body as Ujio pressed himself against her, and his warm breath was against her left ear. \"Wife.\" Ujio whispered, brushing strands of her long hair away to press his lips against her neck. The sensation which flowed through her body, Ana assumed it was pleasure. It almost made Ana to shiver, but she held herself back from doing so. Her eyelids flutter at the continuous sensation echoing throughout her body, especially at the feel of Ujio's hands moved to grip her hips. \"Husband.\" Ana said softly, eyes opening up. Ana managed to turn around in his hold, brushing her lips against his own. She stared at him, seeing his hair was down, he wore a simple navy blue yukata instead of the formal hakama and the haori he wore earlier. There was a pause before Ana made a move to kiss him again because she did not know if she was being too forward. She knew there were times she would not act as a proper lady, or to be discipline in certain situations, but she could not help it. She would seek for opportunities to be seen and treated as an equal. \"I apologize if I am too forward.\" \"Do not apologize for that.\" Her eyes searched his, seeking to see if he was lying to her but she was not seeing that. She saw he told the truth. \"Your honesty and straightforwardness, a demand for respect were a few of the traits drawing my attention to you.\" \"So, you secretly like it when I am straightforward and blunt.\" \"Yes.\" Ujio nodded with a small smirk. \"Interesting.\" Ana mumbled as she moved forward to press her lips against his own. When Ana felt his hands glide up from her hips to the sash, she pulled away from his lips and bumped her nose against his. A quick peck against the corner of his lips, Ana moved around him and walked inside their home. Ana heard the shoji door shut from behind her, but she continued to walk toward the bedroom. Her hand slid against the wall until she enter the room where the futon was set. There was a deep inhale from her, her eyes were shut as she steady her breathing. She began to push away the nervousness, knowing this moment would happen. She heard the shoji doors to the bedroom slid shut, making Ana to know Ujio stood behind her, but stood by the door. Ana brought her hands up to the sash, untucking and unraveling the strip of clothing. She held her left hand out, dropping the piece of clothing to the ground. Her eyes slid open as she brought her hands up and gripped the lapels of the sleeping kimono with her fingertips. With a gentle grip, Ana lifted the kimono up off her body and then pulled it away. Her arms came down to her sides as the kimono slid off her body and pooled around her feet. With a sense of boldness swell over her, Ana turned around and faced Ujio. She a hint of shock go across his face, but then it was quickly gone to be overcome with desire. Ana walked toward him and reached up, gripping the sash that held his yukata together. Instead of making any moves to grab her, Ujio spread his arms out on either side of his body while his lust filled eyes stayed in eye connection with her. The moment the sash around his body came off, his yukata opened up to show his bare body underneath yet Ana kept her eyes connected with his own. Ujio moved a little and let the yukata to slide off his body. As the yukata dropped to the ground, Ujio stepped forward and wrapped his arms around her body, holding her against him. Ana felt her eyes flicker off his face to his chest, catching old scars across his solid body. The feel of their naked bodies pressed together made the hairs on both their bodies to raise. The warmth they both emitted, spreading and heating up the other. Calloused hands slid up and down her back until coming around her hips and steer her backwards. Ana was led backwards until she felt herself being bowed backwards. She wrapped her arms around Ujio as he lowered them down. Her back pressed against the thick cushion of the futon, and his body laid over hers, but not with his full weight on top of her. His hands pressed on either side of her shoulder, trapping her within his arms. Her arms loosen up around his neck, but she sunk one of her hands into his hair that she found to love when it was down. \"Ujio.\" \"Ana.\" Their lips came to meet and their hands began to wonder their bare bodies, exploring and learning each and every spot which gave the other a pleasurable sensation. And soon their bodies would entwine for the first time of many. … .. … .. … .. … .. … .. Hi Everyone, Here was a new chapter. As mentioned in other chapters, I do apologize if any sort of information/facts are wrong throughout the chapters/series. Enjoy! Thank You! Please Review, Favorite, and/or Follow! ","Summary":" Chapter: The Fog … .. … .. … .. Captain Nathan Algren was not happy one bit. He had been apart of t"},{"Movie":"Cats Don't Dance","Title":"Back to Hollywood","Author":"PerkyGoth14","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11796350","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I've gotten requests for this story up my butt, so far up my butt, it's time to dump it out. I hope you all enjoy this story based on an RP. As always, Read & Review! Darla was putting something in her closet that was hidden from everyone else. \"Darla, you still awake?\" Emily's voice called from behind the door. \"Uh, yeah?\" Darla replied, shutting the closet door quickly, then sat on her bed. \"What's wrong?\" Emily asked. \"Nothing...\" Darla looked away shyly, like she were hiding something. \"Well, I just wanted to tell you, we're having a family outing the day after tomorrow.\" Emily told her. \"Where are we going?\" Darla asked. \"It's a secret.\" Emily smiled. \"If you tell me, I'll act surprised...\" Darla smiled innocently. \"Sorry, dear, but that's not how it works in this house...\" Emily patted Darla on the head gently. \"Trust me, you'll love it.\" \"Oh, fine.\" Darla pouted. \"You're a good girl...\" Emily hugged Darla comfortably. \"Where have you been earlier by the way?\" \"Umm... I... I was caught up in something...\" Darla covered up. \"Sorry, Mama Emily.\" \"It's alright, dear, so what was with that glowing light by the way?\" Emily asked. \"Uhh...\" Darla twiddled her baby-like fingers. \"Dear, is there something you're not telling me?\" Emily asked. \"You know you can tell me anything... My sister's a mermaid and my husband has Wiccan blood in him, I'll believe anything...\" she then added the last bit to joke and put Darla in a better and easier mood with an amused smile on her face. \"Me, Atticus, and Patch were sent to the Sailor Moon world.\" Darla said. \"I see...\" Emily felt relaxed now that Darla told the truth. \"Now, why wouldn't you tell me?\" \"I didn't think you'd believe me or want to...\" Darla admitted. \"I mean... It was kind of overwhelming...\" she then got off her bed and opened her closet to show what she kept away. \"I got a new dress.\" \"That dress looks beautiful.\" Emily smiled even while noticing a brooch on it. \"Yeah, I like it too.\" Darla smiled at her little gift after her little Sailor Moon adventure. \"Okay, I told you a secret, now it's your turn.\" \"Nice try...\" Emily giggled, patting her head on the head again and kissed her cheek. Darla pouted. \"Hmph!\" This truly was frustrating for Darla. \"Get some rest, okay, sweetie?\" Emily smiled, going out the door. Darla nodded, then flopped back on her bed as she spent the rest of her time wondering what her new family was going to give her as a surprise during their family outing. Cherry, Atticus, Patch, and Mo were in the other realm. Skippy had an apple on his head while Cherry was growling and concentrating with a low groan as she had her eyes shut. \"Is it changing?!\" Cherry groaned while she concentrated. \"Nope, it still looks like an apple.\" Mo said. Cherry grunted and tried, then sighed in exhaustion. Skippy took the apple off his head and then took a bite of it, chewing it. \"I'm never gonna get this...\" Cherry sounded stressed. \"Yes, you are, you just need to concentrate on what you want to turn the apple into.\" Atticus said. \"I'm trying!\" Cherry groaned and whined. Skippy licked his lips once he finished the juicy red apple. \"Okay, next!\" Drell wrote something on his clipboard. \"Mo, I want you to turn that weak and defenseless dying sapling into an oak tree.\" he then said, pointing to the dying and shriveled up plant in the corner that had flies buzzing around it. \"Okay, here goes nothing.\" Mo said as she began to concentrate and where her medallion started to glow. The tree continued to wilt and decay. Drell grabbed Skippy and placed the tiny man in front of him like a shield. Skippy frowned to Drell, then looked very nervous. The tree then came to life and became a beautiful oak tree. \"Oooh...\" Cherry, Atticus, Patch, and Drell said with awe. Skippy leaned forward with his eyes wide in awe as well. Mo smiled. \"It's not too much, is it?\" \"Not at all.\" Drell wrote another ntoe down. \"So who's next after me?\" Mo asked. \"Okay...\" Drell checked his clipboard. \"Patch, Atticus, let's see what you got...\" he then stepped back with Skippy and pushed a red button which dropped a very heavy car on top of the dog and boy. Atticus and Patch held the car above them with all their strength and then threw it in the air and then their medallions glowed as they concentrated, turning it into a toy car. \"Heh, nice work, kids!\" Drell smirked. \"Though I didn't expect the toy car thing, but still, nice effort, you're all doing well with your training...\" he then turned to Cherry. \"Except for you...\" Cherry sighed as she failed. \"Hey, you'll get it someday...\" Drell soothed like an encouraging coach. \"I'm never gonna get this stupid dream-bending and magic!\" Cherry scoffed. \"All I can do is pony-up or turn into my Equestrian form.\" \"I'm sure you'll get the hang of your dream-bending powers.\" Atticus said. \"It's okay, Cherry, according to our research, your mother's birth father was the last in his class to master his abilities,\" Drell said, then thought about it a little. \"Hey, now that I think about it, so was his grandmother, and her grandfather before, and so on...\" \"What's the point of having these powers if this kinda thing just runs in the family?\" Cherry scoffed. \"No one can understand how I feel since it skips a generation and my mother was adopted and her father refuses to acknowledge her existence!\" \"She makes a good point.\" Patch said. \"Look, I know this whole magic thing is tough, but you can do this...\" Drell actually encouraged Cherry to try harder. \"If Atticus and Patch can handle the changes of having the strength of a Greek god, then you can handle being a dream-bender... You just have to dig a little deeper.\" Cherry glanced at him. \"Please don't tell me you're gonna sing.\" Drell took out panpipes. \"Would you like me to?\" \"Drell, I beg you, do anything you want to me, but PLEASE don't sing!\" Cherry begged. \"He's gonna sing anyway, isn't he?\" Patch asked his owner. \"If it annoys or causes Cherry pain, probably so.\" Atticus shrugged. Drell took a deep breath and blew into his instrument. \"Of all the warlocks in the world, why did I have to be HIS plaything!?\" Cherry groaned in misfortune. \"Yep, he's gonna sing.\" Atticus sighed. \"Why me?\" Cherry put her hands to her face. \"Just why me?\" \"I don't know.\" Atticus shrugged. Skippy waved his finger and made Drell's voice go away before he could sing. Drell held his throat, then held out his hand and coughed up into it to show a frog. Skippy smiled like a child with a brand new toy, then took the frog and gently pet it. Drell rolled his eyes before trying to sing again. Skippy cooed to the frog. Cherry ran off, trying to get out of the room before Drell would sing. \"Please don't start singing!\" she begged. \"Please don't start singing!\" \"That just makes me wanna sing even more...\" Drell smirked as he held her in his arm so she couldn't escape. \"Oh, come on!\" Cherry groaned. Drell chuckled. Cherry groaned as she felt even more unlucky than she already had before. One song later... \"Did that help?\" Drell asked. Cherry was lying on the floor with her tongue dangling out and her eyes lolled back into her head. \"Oh, my god, I've killed her!\" Drell panicked. \"Check her pulse.\" Mo said. Atticus bent down and felt Cherry's pulse. \"She's only died of boredom and annoyance...\" Cherry blinked and looked back. \"Is he gone yet?\" \"Nope.\" Atticus shook his head. \"Shoot...\" Cherry groaned. \"Second verse, worst than the first!\" Drell took out his panpipes again. Cherry screamed out. \"MAKE HIM STOP!\" Drell laughed. \"I'm just kiddin'...\" then looked at his pocket watch. \"Whoa snap! It's late at night in the mortal realm, I'm sorry, guys, I forgot how much slower time here was than in your realm, you better all head home.\" \"Yes, sir.\" Patch said. \"All right, great progress, everybody,\" Drell shooed them away. \"Go on now, go...\" The others thanked Drell and went back through the other realm door. Cherry opened the door of her grandmother's closet door which was how they got in. \"I'm never gonna impress him with my dream-bending lessons... I'll never be a good dream-bender... Now I know how Sabrina must feel...\" \"You'll get it someday.\" Atticus said. \"Yeah, that's likely...\" Cherry said as she came downstairs with them. Mally hummed in the kitchen and came out with oven mitts on and carried a silver tray with her favorite dessert to make. \"Pie?\" \"Mm.\" Patch smiled. \"Grandma, we need to-\" Cherry was about to say. \"Oh, come on, Cherry Berry, eat my pie!\" Mally insisted. \"You and your friends are so thin!\" Cherry sighed. \"Okay, we'll have some pie.\" \"Yeah.\" Atticus nodded. Mally smiled and cut up the pie into four slices, but made a very big slice for her granddaughter. \"How was Drell?\" \"How do you think?\" Cherry rolled her eyes. \"I swear, he only invites me to come along so he can brutally humiliate me...\" \"I'm sure that's not true.\" Mally smiled. Cherry rolled her eyes, then kept eating the pie. After eating the pie, Mo, Atticus, and Patch were on their way home. Atticus walked Mo home as he always did from now on and was now on his way back with his puppy.[Chapter 2] Darla shivered in her sleep slightly as she had fallen asleep, anxiously trying to guess her surprise, she saw herself coming back into Hollywood and was seeing the animals she once knew. \"There she is!\" Danny pointed. \"There's the brat that tried to drown us all!\" \"I'm sorry I did that, I really am!\" Darla cried out. \"LIES!\" Sawyer glared at her. \"Go back wherever you came from!\" \"No one wants you here, get lost!\" Tillie shoved the little girl. \"You never should've come back here.\" Pudge glared at her. \"Move it, you annoying little twerp!\" Cranston pushed Darla. \"I'm sorry!\" Darla cried. \"Just leave me alone, I didn't mean it!\" \"LIES!\" Danny glared. Darla was holed up in a corner as the goat, two cats, penguin, turtle, fish, and old elephant glared at her and gave her a very evil stink eye. She started to cry as she felt incredibly guilty for what she had done, but no one would hear her forgiveness or cries. After all, she was only a little girl. \"Darla! Darla, wake up!\" Atticus's voice called out to her. \"No, leave me alone, I didn't mean to hurt anyone!\" Darla cried as she was in her bed and she flailed her arms out. Patch hopped onto Darla's bed and licked her face. Darla grunted, but she then woke up. \"Guh... Dog slobber!\" \"Hey, you weren't waking up, it was the only way I thought to wake you up.\" Patch said. \"Darla, you were having a nightmare.\" Atticus said. \"You have no idea...\" Darla pouted. \"You wanna talk about it?\" Atticus suggested. Darla held him for comfort and emotional support. \"I was back in Hollywood... Those animals hated me.\" \"It was only a nightmare, that won't happen, I assure you.\" Atticus comforted her. \"But you have dreams like those all the time...\" Darla frowned. \"They're called visions, but I assure you that the nightmare you had was just that just a nightmare.\" Atticus said. Darla wasn't so sure, but she had to admit she felt better since she talked about it, she was only a little girl after all. \"I know it must've been scary, but it was just a dream,\" Atticus soothed. \"Dreams can't hurt you.\" \"Thanks, Atticus.\" Darla smiled. \"Of course...\" Atticus gave her another hug. \"Try to think of good things before you go to sleep, little kids like you always have horrible nightmares, but if you think of good things, you should have a good dream.\" \"I'll try it...\" Darla smiled. \"Good girl...\" Atticus smiled to her, then got off of her bed. \"Man, you're really exhausted after we visited that Sailor Moon world, huh?\" \"Took a lot out of me...\" Darla nodded with a small yawn. \"Well, after that kind of adventure, it would tire anyone out.\" Atticus said. \"Mm-hmm... Night...\" Darla said before falling back asleep. \"Good night...\" Atticus let her get some sleep, then left the room with his puppy. \"Come on, Patch.\" Patch nodded and followed after. \"I hope she has pleasant dreams.\" he whispered. \"I hope so too.\" Atticus whispered back. And where their hopes came true as the rest of the night was peaceful. \"Thank you for the reservations,\" Emily said over the phone. \"Goodbye...\" she then hung up. \"So is everything ready?\" Patrick asked. \"Yep, we're all set to leave in the morning for our family outing.\" Emily nodded. \"Perfect.\" Patrick smiled. Emily smiled back and hugged her husband. \"Well, we better get some sleep.\" Patrick said as he kissed his wife. Emily nodded in agreement. \"it's later than I thought it was...\" The couple then walked to get themselves to bed. Darla was still having jitters about meeting Danny and his friends again, but she was able to sleep a lot easier after talking with Atticus about her nightmares and where her nightmare turned into a pleasant dream. Cherry took a visit to her imagination, then wandered into a gray room that had a bunch of doors that had names on the front of them. \"Stupid dream-bending... I just don't understand...\" she muttered to herself. \"No one else can understand what I'm going through! I...\" she then looked around. \"Where in the world am I?\" \"You're in your dream world.\" Mally said. \"GAH!\" Cherry jumped back. \"Oh, sorry,\" Mally told her granddaughter. \"I didn't mean to startle you.\" Cherry caught her breath and tried to relax. \"This is like the dream dimension Princess Luna travels to.\" \"Exactly.\" Mally smiled. \"I don't understand...\" Cherry replied. \"Go to the doors... Pick one...\" Mally coached. \"See what it shows from behind...\" Cherry looked curiously at the doors. \"It'll be worth it.\" Mally smiled. \"I can't decide...\" Cherry rubbed the back of her head before wincing again. She then covered her eyes and went through one door from random and removed her hand, transporting into someone's dream. She was outside what looked like a very nice house, she poked her head in through the window and saw what looked like a grown up version of Atticus and Mo sitting on a couch and there were twin children, a boy and a girl, who looked like their parents who were sitting on the floor and watching TV together and laughing at something on TV. \"I think I'm in Mo's dream,\" Cherry guessed. \"That little girl looks a lot like her.\" She then saw another door and where she saw Atticus's face on it. Mally nodded and encouraged her granddaughter to open it. Cherry then went to Atticus's door and opened it up to see what he was dreaming about. And where it was the same as Mo's dream, she even saw that he was detective. It was all black and white like in crime drama film noir from the 1920's. Mo was dressed like a dame with a feather boa, a glittering dress, had a beauty mark on her cheek and had on a floppy hat with a fur short coat, heels, and tights. \"Oh, boy...\" Cherry muttered, feeling like this was going to be like those overly dramatic detective films with a tough guy narration. And where she was right as she heard a man's voice narrating, clearly the voice was Atticus's older version. This made Cherry roll her eyes only slightly. 'She stepped into my office, looking better than a Magnolia in May...' Atticus's narration said in a Cockney accent to fit in with the time period this dream was set in. 'I had to admit, I never seen anyone like her and she was in my life and we were stuck to each other like a bug on fly paper that can never be released.' \"Oh, brother!\" Cherry groaned. Mo walked over to Atticus which signaled saxophone music as she walked like a sultry seductress. \"Okay, I'm done...\" Cherry got out of this dream before she could see anymore. She then saw a doggy door, leading to another dream. She crawled down on her hands and knees and poked her head into see this dream. There was rich green surroundings with colorful sights. There were two laughs heard, Patch was chasing a certain cocker spaniel puppy. \"I kinda saw that one coming...\" Cherry said, everybody knew how Patch really felt about Colette and it seemed to be growing vice versa. And where this dream seemed to be the simple puppy love dream. Cherry left the dream. \"These dreams are too predictable, I thought this was gonna be cool...\" The next dream she entered inside was another of Atticus's dream, this time, not of the future, but of him as a hero, fighting off bad guys and monsters. \"What... The... Chicken nuggets?\" Cherry did not understand what she was watching now. \"Didn't I just come out of his door?\" \"There are two different dreams, one the one he's having right now which is this one and the one you saw which is the future, except for the narrator and black and white color.\" Mally explained. \"Is this like when we have one of our adventures and he has a dream about something that's about to happen?\" Cherry asked. \"Yes, that's why he has two different doors,\" Mally explained. \"A descendant of his will carry the gene.\" \"I see...\" Cherry thought that made sense now. \"Now this is his actual dream.\" Mally smiled. \"I see...\" Cherry slowly understood. \"I know, dear, the rules are complicated, plus your mother's birth father isn't here to help you understand it better,\" Mally empathized. \"Hopefully once you understand, you can explain it to your grandson or granddaughter.\" Cherry scoffed about that future possibility. \"Like I'll ever have children...\" \"Yes, you will.\" Mally nodded. Cherry sighed and looked distant, then noticed Darla's door and looked very curious. \"I would be cautious,\" Mally advised. \"The poor dear's been suffering from the worst nightmares brought on by her guilt from a particular date.\" \"Which date?\" Cherry asked curiously. Mally paused a moment to think about it. \"Friday, April 13th, I'm certain.\" \"April 13th...\" Cherry thought about it, then her eyes widened. \"That was when Darla tried to drown us all in her ark and flood the stage and blame Danny and the others to get them kicked out of Hollywood.\" \"Yeah, but thanks to Atticus, her nightmare has been changed into a dream.\" Mally smiled. Cherry looked back at the door. \"They won't hold forever though... Some nightmares last a long time...\" she then slowly shut her eyes. \"I had nightmares about Forte for what feels like my whole life until we all reunited with him and he told us he would never ever try to hurt me again.\" \"And you haven't had nightmares about him ever since then, right?\" Mally asked. \"Not about him, but other nightmares haven't stopped...\" Cherry shrugged. \"I feel like Darla will still have these negative feelings that influence her imagination and keep her nightmares until she confronts her fear head on like I did with him.\" \"You are correct.\" Mally said. \"Somehow Darla has to get to Hollywood...\" Cherry said. \"Her adopted family is going to get her there.\" Mally said. \"How's that?\" Cherry asked. \"Trust me, it's a surprise...\" Mally replied. \"I think you should keep an eye on Darla's door when you're not in your own dream while the family is gone... But keep it a secret... You wouldn't want to freak people out by telling them you can see their dreams in the Dreamscape, they won't understand.\" Cherry sighed and rolled her eyes. \"It' all part of having this rare ability.\" \"Yes.\" Mally said. \"Great...\" Cherry banged her head on the wall once. \"Let's just calm down.\" Mally soothed her. Cherry groaned, putting her palm to her face, but she didn't go on a frustrated rampage. \"Whew.\" Mally sighed. Cherry glanced at her grandmother. \"Your mother was never this difficult...\" Mally giggled. \"I'm just lucky the Witches Council let me raise her... Your aunt wanted a baby sister, and we couldn't have any more natural children or just magic up a baby... I'm glad we have her though because if we hadn't, we wouldn't have had a lovely granddaughter like you are!\" \"I miss Grandpa... Even though I never met him...\" Cherry said. \"What was he like?\" Mally smiled. \"He loved to laugh, he always knew how to have fun, he had a lot of people who loved being around him... He wishes he could've met your father... Rosie told me... You know who Rosie is, don't you?\" \"Isn't she a guardian angel?\" Cherry asked. \"Exactly.\" Mally smiled. \"So is Grandpa a guardian angel now?\" Cherry asked her grandmother. \"Yes, after your other grandparents died, they decided to become guardian angels to help watch over you on your adventures,\" Mally explained. \"They miss you very much and that's why they appear in your dreams a lot, especially when you're in self conflict. I want you to use this ability to watch over Darlene in her dreams so she isn't consumed by guilt in her own nightmares and put them to rest for good. No one knows what the future will bring, but I'm positive that Darlene will be happier if you help her soothe her nightmares.\" \"I'll try...\" Cherry shrugged. \"I'm still a little rusty.\" \"I know you'll do your best.\" Mally said. Cherry was curious of Darla's dream, so she was about to open the little girl's door and opened it as a bright light cast over and she was inside of the little girl's dream. Darla was imagining herself as a beautiful adult woman with many admirers and she had her own little girl. \"I guess Darla still wants to be a shining star and have someone to share it with...\" Cherry guessed based on her observations since Darla was a grown woman with a little girl of her own. \"This is what she's dreaming of, the future.\" Mally said. \"I wonder if this will come true.\" Cherry wondered. \"Again, hard to say...\" Mally said to her. \"Still, watch after Darlene when she slumbers and you visit the Dreamscape when you sleep on your own. You have a big job to do as the new dream-bender.\" \"Yes, Grandma.\" Cherry replied respectively as she watched Darla all grown up shop with her little girl. \"Charge it, please.\" Adult Darla told the store owners as she held her dream daughter's hand. Darla's dream daughter smiled and nodded in agreement. \"Wow, she must really like this dream.\" Cherry said, she then shut the door to let Darla dream in peace. \"Now, don't dream-drop,\" Mally warned her granddaughter. \"The Sandman does that sometimes... It's very rude.\" \"I think I've heard of that...\" Cherry shrugged. \"Well, here's hoping Darla's return to Hollywood will be a decent one.\" \"Don't worry, it will.\" Mally smiled. \"Let's only hope...\" Cherry shrugged. Darla woke up in the middle of the night, she didn't have another nightmare, but she got out of bed and just remembered she would be on a trip with her new family and decided to tell someone she would never have a way to tell except for this way since he didn't have a phone. She got on her bike and strapped on a coat since she was only in her pajamas and peddled her bike over to the nearest body of water. When she parked, she reached into the basket and took out her conch shell and walked over to the edge of the water and blew into it. And luckily for her, the one she wanted to talk to answered her call immediately. \"Hey, Goldilocks.\" \"I swear, I'm gonna kill you someday...\" Darla muttered that, but then looked to the being she wanted to speak with. \"Sorry for waking you up so early...\" Urchin yawned. \"That's okay... What's up?\" \"I just wanted to tell you I'm going away with the family for a little while,\" Darla explained. \"So, I'll be gone for a while...\" \"Thanks for the information.\" Urchin smiled. \"Of course I had to come and tell you in person.\" Darla smiled. \"Understood,\" Urchin nodded. \"So, where are you guys going?\" \"Apparently it's a surprise...\" Darla sighed. \"Well, then it must be something that will make you happy.\" Urchin smiled. \"Huh... Guess I never thought about it like that...\" Darla shrugged with a smile. \"Um, nice pants.\" Urchin said then. \"Huh?\" Darla looked down, seeing and just remembered she was just in her pajamas, she had on her old pale pink, almost mauve, pajama pants with darker pink hearts on it which made her cover her legs with a sheepish smile. \"Whoops!\" \"Ya like pink, huh?\" Urchin chuckled. \"Uh-huh.\" Darla nodded. \"It's okay, but it's not green...\" Urchin smirked, rolling his copper eyes slightly. \"Says you...\" Darla playfully huffed. \"Have a good trip...\" Urchin smiled, then yawned again. \"G'night.\" \"Night, Urchin.\" Darla nodded to him and decided to go back home to get more sleep. Urchin smiled and then dived down back to Atlantica. Darla yawned, but she was awake enough to peddle all the way back home. As soon as she parked her bike and chained it up, she took off her coat and went straight back in her nice and warm bed. The next day was surely going to be a surprise for Darla.[Chapter 3] \"Thanks for house-sitting, Aunt Beatrice,\" Emily told Ms. Miller. \"It means a lot to us.\" \"Oh, sure,\" Ms. Miller smiled back to the now adult woman. \"You all have a good time now, things will be just fine until ya get back!\" \"Let's just hope the house isn't on fire when she drives the car to run errands...\" Patrick mumbled to himself. \"And don't worry, I've got my eyes checked.\" Ms. Miller assured them. \"Uh-huh...\" Patrick muttered still. Emily shoved her husband slightly, but still smiled to her childhood babysitter. \"Thanks again... Um, are the Chipettes coming too or are they on tour with Dave and the Chipmunks?\" \"They're coming.\" Ms. Miller told her. \"Ah, okay, I knew Dave said he would be too busy, so I wasn't sure if the girls had the same schedule or not.\" Emily smiled. \"Yes, they seemed so insistent on coming too...\" Ms. Miller nodded. The Chipettes were upstairs and telling Darla and Atticus why they decided to come too. \"Ms. Miller needs a lot of help, you know how she is,\" Eleanor said. \"That's why we came over, so your house isn't a wreck by the time you come home!\" \"Thanks, girls.\" Darla said to her new friends. \"Think nothing of it.\" Brittany said. \"Could I stay in Atticus's room?\" Jeanette asked. \"You wanna stay in a boy's room!?\" Brittany gawked at her taller sister. \"He has a lot of great books...\" Jeanette defended with a shrug. \"Sure.\" Atticus smiled. \"Hope you guys have fun,\" Eleanor smiled, then shrugged. \"Wherever you're going.\" Atticus whispered to the Chipettes of where they were going, but told them to keep it a secret from Darla. Darla tried to listen in, but she was still left behind the black as she was not told of where the surprise trip was. Brittany looked jealous while Eleanor and Jeanette gave encouraging smiles. \"It's not fair!\" the auburn Chipette snapped. \"I wanted to go to-\" Jeanette and Eleanor covered their sister's mouth. \"Have fun.\" Jeanette grinned. \"Yeah, loads and loads of fun!\" Eleanor added. \"We sure will,\" Patch smiled. \"Oh, and Jeantte, we packed the weights with us, so then you can read the books with no problems in the way.\" \"Thanks.\" Jeanette sounded very relieved to hear that due to how clumsy she was. \"No problem.\" Atticus smiled. \"You kids ready up there!?\" Emily called up. \"Your father's about done loading up the car!\" \"We're ready!\" Atticus called down. \"Come outside and give your father your bags!\" Emily said. \"Okay!\" Darla called back, then looked to the Chipettes. \"Excuse us a bit.\" \"Mine and Patch's bags might be a little too heavy for Dad, Mom!\" Atticus called as he carried his bag and Patch's bag. \"Well, help him out, would you!?\" Emily called. \"I'm making snacks in the kitchen!\" \"Have you all gone deaf or somethin'?\" Ms. Miller muttered. \"There's always yellin' in this house... Emily, I raised you better than that!\" \"Sorry, Aunt Beatrice...\" Emily rolled her eyes slightly. \" WHAT!? \" Ms. Miller then called. \"I knew that was gonna happen...\" Emily muttered to herself. \"I'll help Dad with our bags, Mom, especially with the ones with weights in them.\" Atticus assured her. \"I know you will.\" Emily smiled as she packed her picnic basket. \"Last calls for bathroom breaks!\" \"I don't need to go!\" Patrick, Jessica, Darla, and Atticus called out. \"I do!\" Patch called out before running to the closest tree. Emily came to the car and set the picnic basket just right as everything else was almost ready to go. \"Run along now, Patch,\" Jessica warned. \"Don't want you to get left behind, now do we?\" Patch did his business on a tree and where it didn't take long and then went back to the family after doing his business. \"Okay, I think we're set...\" Emily said, then took out a tiny handheld album of CD's. \"Anyone have a preference on what we listen to?\" \"I don't know.\" Patch said. The Fudo family got into the car. Darla sat in the middle in a comfortable car seat, she still kind of needed one since she was rather small for her age. \"I'm so excited, but please tell me where we're going...\" she begged. \"Should we?\" Patch asked. \"We can't...\" Atticus reminded. \"It's a surprise.\" Patch pouted, he wanted to tell Darla as much as she wanted to know where they were going. \"Wake me...\" Jessica was going to sleep the trip away. Patrick started the car and then started to drive the car. \"Goodbye, house!\" Emily waved playfully to their home. The family waved goodbye to Ms. Miller and the Chipettes as they backed up and were now driving to their family vacation. \"I'm so excited!\" Darla smiled. Emily smiled, she then put in the CD from Shrek the Musical to occupy the trip until Darla would fall asleep and then she would put on music that she and Patrick would prefer to listen to. As soon as Darla fell asleep, Emily switched it to a romantic song. Patrick smiled to Emily. \"This our song?\" \"What do you think?\" Emily giggled. \"Yep, this is our song, I remember it quite well.\" Patrick smiled. Emily smiled and leaned against him. Patrick smiled at his wife and then put his focus back on the road. Emily eventually fell asleep herself. Cherry was at home to herself, she was getting a bit bored, so she decided to take a nap. However, she didn't arrive in a mindless dream and came through the Dreamscape. \"Guess I got work to do...\" Cherry muttered to herself. She began to make her way to different doors. She saw a paper posted onto the way before she got to the doors. \" 'Cherry, I decided to let someone help you in this situation that can probably help you relate a little more to it than I can, - Grandma Mally '.\" she then shut her eyes and put her hands together. \"Please be Teller, please be Teller, please be-\" \"Hey, Cherry.\" Teller smiled. Cherry did a 'yes' position, then tried to look casual towards him. \"Hey, what a surprise.\" \"Is it?\" Teller narrowed his eyes with a smirk. \"Okay, not really...\" Cherry pouted. \"Yeah, your grandmother told me you'd might need my help.\" Teller smiled. \"Yeah, I guess... DIdn't you say you studied the dream enigma when you were a high school teacher?\" Cherry asked. Teller looked shocked. \"What?\" Cherry asked. \"I told you something and you listened to me!\" Teller smirked, folding his arms. \"Usually you just daydream or drool in my presence.\" \"I do not!\" Cherry glanced. \"You do so.\" Teller smirked. \"I don't drool...\" Cherry said, suddenly wiping her mouth. \"Whatever.\" Teller said. \"You're a whatever...\" Cherry mumbled. \"Let's check on those dreams, shall we?\" Teller walked ahead. Cherry followed behind him. Meanwhile, back with the Fudo family... The family weakly and lazily woke up when Patrick stopped at a gas station. \"Gotta fill it up.\" Patrick said. Darla, Atticus, and Jessica got out of the car and took deep stretches once they got out for fresh air. Patch joined up with them. \"How much longer?\" the puppy asked. \"Just another hour.\" Emily said as she was going inside the shop to use the restroom. \"Whew.\" Patch sighed. \"Oh, Mama Emily, wait for me!\" Darla called. \"Okay, dear.\" Emily turned with a smile, she then walked over to Darla, took her hand and walked into the bathroom with her. \"I can't wait to get there.\" Patch said. \"Yeah, it'll be a lot of fun...\" Jessica said as she did cheerleader stretches. \"I'm sure everyone's forgiven her for what she did.\" Atticus said. \"She won't believe it until she sees it though.\" Jessica said. \"Yeah...\" Atticus agreed. \"I'm sure this surprise will be good for her.\" Darla came out of the bathroom stall first and helped herself up to the sink to wash her hands after finishing her business. A woman came up next to her, then glanced down at the girl. 'That child seems familiar...' she thought to herself. \"Oh, hello, ma'am.\" Darla said with a curtsy. \"Hello there, sweetheart...\" the woman greeted. \"Lovely day, isn't it?\" Darla smiled after she had dried her hands. \"It really is.\" The woman smiled. Darla nodded. \"So, where are you headed to?\" the woman asked. \"It's a surprise...\" Darla shrugged. \"I just hope wherever we go, it's fun.\" \"Oh, trust me, dear, this surprise is a good surprise.\" Emily smiled. Darla smiled and hugged her adoptive mother. \"Is she yours?\" the woman asked. \"Pretty much,\" Emily said as she hugged Darla back. \"How old is she then?\" the woman asked. \"She's seven, but not for long.\" Emily giggled. \"Well, she sure is adorable.\" the woman smiled. \"That's my girl.\" Emily smiled. \"You look familiar, sweetie...\" the woman said. \"What's your name?\" \"D-Darla...\" the blonde girl replied. \"Darla Fudo.\" \"Wait... Darla... Blonde curls...\" the woman recognized the girl now. \"You're that little girl who flooded a stage!\" Darla's stomach turned. \"I'd watch out for her if I were you,\" the woman warned Emily. \"This child is a menace!\" \"No, I'm not!\" Darla had tears in her eyes now. \"Listen, she was once like that in the past, but she's changed since then.\" Emily said. \"I'll believe that when I see it...\" the woman glared to Darla and stormed off. Darla hung her head sadly. \"Don't you listen to her, sweetie.\" Emily soothed her adopted daughter. Darla sighed. Emily took Darla out of the restroom and decided to buy Darla a treat to make her feel better. \"I better stay out here.\" Darla frowned. Emily was looking at the various sweet eats there were to choose from. \"Looking for anything specific, ma'am?\" the clerk asked from behind his desk. \"Just something for a sweet and adorable little angel.\" Emily smiled. \"I think I might know just what you're looking for.\" The clerk smiled. Emily looked curious. \"Nothing too sweet now, but still just sweet enough.\" \"Oh, it is...\" the clerk promised as he turned his head to pick out the treat. Emily smiled as she waited so she could give the treat to cheer up her new daughter. The store clerk came back with the perfect sweets for a little girl. \"Thank you, oh-so, much.\" Emily smiled. \"Consider it on the house.\" the clerk offered. \"Oh, but sir...\" Emily said. \"I insist.\" the clerk told her. \"Well, thank you,\" Emily smiled as she left the store. \"Thank you very much!\" \"You're quite welcome.\" The clerk said. Emily smiled, then came out and sat back in the passenger seat, keeping the treats in her lap for now until Darla would return to the car. And where she wouldn't have to wait long as Darla, Atticus, Jessica, Patch, and Patrick returned to the car. Atticus held the door open so his sisters could get inside first. Jessica helped Darla up to her car-seat. \"Whoopsie daisy!\" Darla didn't even giggle or react to that, she just stared at her feet as Atticus and Jessica sat next to her on the other sides and shut the doors behind them. \"You okay, Darla?\" Atticus asked. \"I don't know...\" Darla sighed. \"Well, hopefully this can cheer you up...\" Emily said with an assuring smile and handed out the goody bag to Darla. \"This is for you!\" \"Thank you, Mama Emily!\" Darla smiled. Emily beamed. \"You're welcome, darling, don't eat too many of those though.\" Darla smiled and she took out a few of the treats and ate them. Patrick started the car again and drove them away from the gas station to continue their little road trip. \"This is so exciting.\" Darla smiled while eating her treats. \"Are you sure this won't keep her awake until we actually get there?\" Patrick asked. \"Don't worry, there's not a whole lot of sugar in the treats, she should be settled.\" Emily said in a hushed tone. \"Ohh.\" Patrick smiled. They kept driving, after about ten to fifteen minutes, Darla tuckered herself out, she did not eat all of the treats, but the long ride made her drowsy. \"Looks like the long ride is making someone sleepy.\" Emily smiled. \"Ah, kids,\" Patrick chuckled. \"They always never wanna go to bed, but when you're an adult, that's the first thing you wanna do.\" \"Agreed.\" Emily smiled. Patrick chuckled to his wife. \"Oh, I love you, dear...\" \"I love you too...\" Emily cooed. The two shared a quick kiss to each other. After about thirty minutes, they had finally arrived at their destination. \"Darla, honey...\" Emily called gently and soothingly in the only way a mother could. \"Wake up, dear... We're here...\" Darla yawned and rubbed her eyes. \"I feel like I've been in this car forever... Where are we then?\" \"Why don't you take a look yourself?\" Patrick prompted with a smile. Darla leaned forward and gasped once she saw the 'Hollywood' logo. Her worst fears had just been realized. \"We're in Hollywood again!?\" she gasped, slightly worriedly. \"Surprise!\" the Fudo family smiled.[Chapter 4] \"Wh-What...?\" Darla asked. \"We're in Hollywood,\" Jessica smiled. \"This is our surprise to you.\" \"T-T-To me...?\" Darla felt overwhelmed. \"No... I-I can't be here...\" \"Don't worry, nothing bad is going to happen.\" Atticus said. \"I... I just... I just can't be back here...\" Darla bit her nails nervously. \"Darla, you said you wanted to come back to Hollywood someday, well, now's your chance...\" Patch encouraged. \"N-No, i-i-it's too sudden...\" Darla's face paled. \"Ooh, I don't feel so well... Can we go back?\" \"We'll do no such thing, now come alone, we should get to our hotel and I think we'll have a lunch break before we get settled in for the night.\" Patrick advised. \"D-Do you think we'll see any of the animals?\" Darla asked. \"Darla, everything is going to be okay...\" Jessica hugged her adoptive younger sister. \"We know you're sorry for what you did, we all forgive you, but you should really face your past that way it can be put behind you and you never have to worry.\" \"I don't know...\" Darla glumly said. \"If you don't face your past soon, you'll never be able to put it behind you.\" Atticus said. \"I know...\" Darla sighed. \"I just don't wanna face them alone...\" Jessica frowned, she then put on a brave face. \"You won't be alone...\" Atticus saw where this was going. \"We'll help you every step of the way and do what we can.\" Darla felt very touched that they would help her, they all treated her like family and the feeling was mutual. \"You guys...\" she whispered very thankfully. \"I-I don't know what I'd do without you.\" \"Luckily, you'll never have to figure that out.\" Patch smiled. Darla even hugged him too since he was family. The Fudo family went to their hotel, there was a suite for Patrick and Emily to sleep in since they were a couple and there was a pull out bed in a couch with two beds in the other part of the room. \"This is the best that we could get you and your family, Mr. and Mrs. Fudo.\" The concierge said. \"That's okay, sir, thank you.\" Patrick said once they looked at the room. \"It's a pretty nice room for what it is, it's no penthouse, but it's still the nicest we've ever been in.\" Emily added. \"I wish I lived in a hotel...\" Darla said as she flopped back on the couch. \"This beats sleeping no where.\" Patch smiled. \"Yeah...\" Jessica said. \"How about we get settled in and then you guys can go get something to eat at that place Pinky's?\" Emily suggested. \"Daddy and I need a nap...\" \"Okay...\" Darla said softly to her parents. \"Here's about $50, it should be enough for all of you to get whatever you need.\" Patrick handed the money to Jessica since she was the oldest. \"Thanks, Dad.\" Jessica, Atticus, and Darla smiled. \"We'd love to go with you all, but we're exhausted from all that driving.\" Emily said. \"Come back in maybe a couple of hours?\" Patrick suggested. \"Don't worry, Dad, I'll watch 'em,\" Jessica promised. \"Wanna come, Patch?\" \"You know it.\" Patch smiled. \"Okay, you kids have fun now.\" Emily smiled sleepily. \"Oh, and don't forget your key.\" Patrick quickly added. The kids were then now on their way over to Pinky's Diner to get themselves some lunch and decided to walk so they could see the lovely and glorious sights that Hollywood had to offer. \"Oh, and if anyone gives you a hard time, Darla, they'll have to answer to us.\" Atticus and Patch said. \"Thanks, guys...\" Darla replied, thankful again. \"Oh, Atticus, you've really become a great big brother...\" Jessica smiled. \"I'll try to help too, kiddo.\" Darla smiled as she stayed close to Jessica. \"Alright, so which way to Pinky's Diner?\" Patch asked. \"I think I remember the way...\" Atticus tried to remember. \"Let's try this way...\" he then walked one way. Meanwhile, inside the diner, there were two cats who were with an elephant, fish, turtle, hippo, and a goat. They were all laughing and sharing another story with each other. One of them recognized Atticus and smiled. \"Is that who I think it is?\" the white cat asked. \"Atticus?\" \"Sawyer?\" Atticus said back. The other animals then realized who it was and they all then smiled. \"Say, can't say we've seen your face around these parts for a while now.\" Danny chuckled. \"What brings you back here?\" Cranston asked. \"Well, me and my family are here for my adopted little sister's surprise.\" Atticus smiled. \"Your family adopted a little girl?\" Tillie asked. \"Oh, that sounds so sweet!\" \"Children should be seen and not heard though...\" Frances dryly responded. TW glanced at the grumpy fish, but gave a friendly look to Atticus. \"Well, I did get a fortune that said there was going to be a big surprise today for all of us.\" \"So who's the lucky little girl?\" Tillie asked. Jessica came to Atticus's side. \"Oh, hi... I'm Atticus's sister, Jessica.\" \"Is she the adopted one?\" Sawyer asked. \"No, our little sister was right behind me,\" Jessica turned around. \"Come on in, don't be shy... No one's gonna hurt you...\" she said in a promising and relaxing tone of voice like a mother would. Darla hesitated at first, but she came in and stood between her older brother and sister to show herself. The animals looked to the little girl. Those ocean blue eyes, that curly golden blonde hair, that size, that shape, those pink clothes... It took them awhile to put together since Darla wore her hair short now, but they now realized and recognized who she was. \" DARLA DIMPLE! \" \"Heh... Hi, everyone.\" Darla smiled nervously. \"Is there a problem?\" Patch asked as soon as he came over. \"Well, you got a lot of nerve to show your face around here!\" Sawyer glared her hazel eyes at the little girl. The animals all looked very angry with Darla, they never forgot what she did, they never got over it. That may had been a while ago now, but they never got over it. However, the only animal who wasn't bashing at Darla or anything, was Danny. \"Guys, stop.\" Danny told his friends. \"What?!\" Cranston asked. \"Why?!\" Darla buried her face to the front of Jessica's tank top. \"Danny, you remember what happened.\" Tillie reminded. \"I do, but she's just a little girl,\" Danny told them. \"Atticus, has Darla given you any trouble since your family adopted her?\" \"No, not once, she's been a wonderful little sister, she even has a best friend.\" Atticus smiled at the little blonde girl. Darla was still a little emotionally wrecked over seeing the animals in person again. \"How do you know she isn't trying to trick you?\" TW asked, slightly shaking in his shell. \"She wouldn't do that...\" Atticus said. \"Just give her a chance...\" Darla hid her face as she sniffled. \"Well, she does seem to be actually crying.\" Tillie said. \"She probably learned how from acting classes...\" Cranston mumbled. \"She's not acting.\" Atticus glared. \"Hmm...\" Cranston mumbled. \"Um...\" Danny walked over, ignoring his friends' protests. \"Could I talk with Darla alone please?\" Darla looked up to him, very curiously. The animals looked at Danny curiously as well. \"If I may?\" Danny prompted. Darla looked up to Atticus and Jessica. \"It's okay, Darla, Danny's just going to talk to you.\" Atticus assured her. Darla took a deep shaky breath. \"Come on,\" Danny gave a small smile. \"I won't hurt you.\" Darla nodded once to him, Danny was more harmless and gentle compared to the other animals she remembered around these parts. Then again, he was from Kokomo. 'He seems trustworthy.' Patch thought with a smile. \"I'm sure it'll be okay...\" Jessica gave an encouraging smile tp her little sister. Darla took her for it and decided to go with Danny to talk in private. Danny's friends were very angry and confused, but Sawyer looked concerned. Being his girlfriend, Sawyer was more of on Danny's side than the others and had been ever since they first started to fall in love with each other. As soon as Darla and Danny were in private, the orange cat decided to find out if Darla was really sincere or not. \"Okay, Darla,\" Danny said once they were alone and could talk just between the two of them. \"So, what brings you to Hollywood?\" \"Atticus's family decided to surprise me for our family outing this time...\" Darla said, very softly. \"I kinda didn't wanna come here... I knew you all would still be mad at me...\" \"Why are you with Atticus's family anyway?\" Danny asked, curiously. \"Why aren't you with your own family?\" Darla looked up and sadly sighed. \"I'm an orphan.\" \"Oh, my... I'm so sorry to hear that.\" Danny frowned. Darla looked down to her feet. \"I never knew you were an orphan...\" Danny said. \"Um... Did Mr. Mammoth know?\" \"He adopted me,\" Darla explained. \"He came to the orphanage one day looking for a child to represent... Someone who would be sweet, cute, and adorable to earn more visitors to Hollywood... Me.\" \"Wait, so then, your first film was really about when you were adopted?\" Danny asked. \"Mm-hmm...\" Darla nodded. \"That movie's true...\" \"Wow...\" Danny said. \"If he adopted you, why didn't he live in your mansion with you and only give you Max as a guardian and protector?\" Darla shrugged. \"Busy, I guess... He's not as nice as he seems... He was rather rude and pushy, he might've adopted me, but he's never really been much of a father, he treated me more like one of his employees than his daughter or whatever...\" \"So then when your true colors were shown, did he abandon you?\" Danny asked. \"Uh-huh...\" Darla said. \"After you guys left and you were gonna be movie stars, he punished me by making me become a janitor and stripped me of my fame and fortune.\" \"A janitor?\" Danny cringed. \"That seems harsh to do to a little girl. Why did you even flood the stage in the first place?\" \"I did it for the attention and I was wrong to chastise you guys for stealing my spotlight,\" Darla folded her arms. \"I never had any friends or family before and I blinded myself into finally becoming one of a kind instead of a bullying victim in an orphanage with no one to go to or talk to about my problems... The fame made me crazy! I thought I was happy, but I was just miserable on the inside.\" \"So when did you get adopted by Atticus's family?\" Danny asked. \"Right after the premiere of Li'l Ark Angel,\" Darla explained. \"Cherry and Atticus actually helped me and when I told them I was an orphan, Atticus's family adopted me and I've lived with them ever since.\" \"That was nice of them.\" Danny smiled. \"Yeah...\" Darla said softly. \"You okay?\" Danny frowned. \"I just never thought I'd see you all again and admit that to one of you...\" Darla rubbed her arm. \"Well, I'm glad that you told me.\" Danny smiled. Darla halfway smiled back to him. \"Feels good to get it off your chest, doesn't it?\" Danny put his arm around the girl. \"Yeah, it actually kinda does...\" Darla smiled to the orange tabby. \"So should we get back to the others?\" Danny asked. \"I suppose so...\" Darla said softly. \"It'll be okay, come along.\" Danny said in a gentle tone, then came inside the diner with the former child starlet.[Chapter 5] \"I'm still surprised that they allow animals inside a diner.\" Patch smiled. \"I'm just surprised to share a room with animals like those...\" Jessica said, referring to Danny's friends besides Sawyer since she was also a cat. \"So Atticus, how much money did that dog tag cost you?\" Sawyer asked once she noticed how bright Patch's dog tag was. \"Huh?\" Atticus looked down. \"Oh, funny story about that...\" \"Ooh!\" Patch got excited. \"Can I tell it, Atticus? Please, please, please!?\" Atticus laughed. \"Okay, okay... Go ahead.\" \"Wahoo!\" Patch cheered. Atticus laughed. \"I guess this is quite the story, huh?\" Tillie smiled. Patch nodded as he began to tell them all the story about how he got the dog tag and how he became a member of the Pound Puppies. The other animals listened, curiously and wondrously as the puppy told them about his first real adventure, yes, he had another one with his biological family and another one that started his friendship with Atticus, but he considered this one his first real adventure because it was all about him and other dogs. Atticus smiled, then took a look at the menu, hoping to find something great. \"And that's what happened.\" Patch smiled. \"So, how did you get strong enough to do that?\" Frances asked. \"Atticus gave me strength,\" Patch explained. \"I would never hurt someone innocent with it though, Vendella just tricked me... In a way, I'm kinda glad she did, because I wouldn't have met the Pound Puppies, especially Lucky if I didn't run away from home.\" \"Well, we're happy for you.\" Tillie smiled. Patch smiled proudly. Darla and Danny came back inside. Sawyer looked a little anxious right now, not because of Darla, but she had something else on her mind. \"So Sawyer, how's everything been with you and Danny?\" Atticus asked with a smile. \"Oh, we're just fine, thank you,\" Sawyer smiled. \"We got married.\" \"Really?\" Atticus smiled. \"That's nice... Um, are you okay? You look worried.\" \"I'm just worried about Sally...\" Sawyer said, then realized she should explain. \"Sally's our daughter... She was lost in the alley one night and she had no one to take care of her, so we took her in.\" \"Wow, a lot has happened since me and Cherry have been here.\" Atticus smiled. \"Yeah...\" Sawyer smiled. \"I guess we should thank you...\" \"Why are ya thankin' him for!?\" Cranston grew grumpy again. \"He adopted that little brat who got what she deserved!\" \"Cranston, stop it.\" Sawyer narrowed her eyes, she felt a little bit of the same way, but since Danny believe in Darla, she almost did too. \"Darla's changed since that day.\" Atticus said. \"I still think she's fakin' it...\" Cranston mumbled. \"She is not faking it.\" Atticus said. \"If you say so...\" Cranston mumbled. Darla came back over to Atticus and Jessica. \"You okay, honey?\" Jessica asked. \"Not as bad as earlier,\" Darla actually smiled. \"I guess talking about it helped.\" \"Talking about what?\" Tillie asked. Darla glanced to the hippo. \"What, too good to talk to me?\" Tillie folded her arms. \"Uhh...\" Darla stared at the table. \"Now, now, let her breathe.\" Danny told his friends once he came over to rejoin them at their table. \"No, it's just too personal.\" Darla said. A waiter came by, asking Atticus, Jessica, and Darla for their orders. Each of them told the waiter their orders. The waiter nodded, copying down what they said and went to the kitchen to grant their food wishes. Darla stared out the window as she saw the sights of her former home, not really saying anything. \"So, um, Darla, what have you been up to?\" Sawyer asked, trying to make small talk. Darla looked back. \"I go to school now.\" \"Really?\" All the animals, except for Patch, asked, surprised. \"Mm-hmm...\" Darla nodded once. \"You ever go to school before?\" Frances asked. \"I never got an education until then,\" Darla explained. \"I could read and write all right, but LB never got me a tutor or anything like that...\" \"Wow.\" The animals said out of shock. \"I guess so..\" Darla shrugged. \"I've made a best friend named Amber too.\" \"What'd you make her out of?\" Frances scoffed. Darla gave a silent, slightly aggravated glance. \"Oh, wait, you actually met a girl named Amber?\" Frances asked. Darla glanced at the smoking fish again. \"Yeah...\" \"Well, that's nice,\" Danny smiled. \"What's she like? Are you in the same class?\" \"Does she even exist?\" Cranston muttered. \"Yes, she does.\" Darla said. \"Prove it then.\" Crnaston glared. Darla glared back. \"Stop picking on me, you grouchy goat!\" \"Wait, Darla, do you still have Amber's phone number?\" Atticus asked. \"In that little phone book Mama Emily gave me.\" Darla said. \"Atticus, it's okay, we know she's telling the truth.\" Jessica said to her brother. \"I know.\" Atticus said. \"Let's just change the subject...\" Darla murmured. The humans and animals all got their food and it was quiet for what felt like a rather long time. \"Did you hear about that actress?\" Danny started a new topic after sipping down his glass of milk. \"Yeah, I hear she's trying to sabotage everyone, kinda reminds me of someone...\" TW said, hiding a glance over to the blonde girl. \"Did we forget to mention that Atticus is a whole lot stronger than he was when you guys first met him?\" Patch asked. \"How so?\" Sawyer asked. \"Uhh... Let's wait until after we're done eatin' and I'll show ya guys.\" Atticus said, he wanted to lift the table, but they were still eating and that would make a mess that the people of the diner would not appreciate. \"I'll believe it when I see it...\" Cranston muttered, being an old grump as always. Darla still was silent. \"Uh, Danny, how's Pudge been?\" Atticus asked since the little penguin wasn't in the diner. \"Oh, he's been great, he's with his girlfriend.\" Danny said. \"Oh, Pudge has a girlfriend?\" Atticus smiled. \"That's sweet...\" \"It's adorable for sure.\" Tillie giggled. \"When did Pudge get a girlfriend?\" Darla asked, interested. \"They've known each other back in Pudge's old home,\" Sawyer replied. \"Before he came here in the big city I mean. She decided to come visit and surprise him and they kinda fell in love with each other.\" \"Awww!\" Darla smiled. The other animals were slowly warming up to Darla, but of course, Cranston was just being a grumpy gus. \"So, um, where's that mammoth friend of yours?\" Darla then asked. \"Woolie's an elephant.\" Sawyer corrected. \"Uh, yeah, elephant, whatever... Where is he?\" Darla replied. \"He's been busy these days with his music.\" Sawyer said. \"Oh, I see...\" Darla said. \"Yeah, he's great with his piano,\" Danny smiled. \"And of course, Sawyer's singing really shines even brighter with it... Not that she had a lovely voice without the music...\" Sawyer blushed under her fur to that. \"Whew!\" Tillie leaned back against her chair slightly. \"I'm stuffed!\" \"Same here.\" Cranston said. \"If I eat anymore, I'm gonna need a new house.\" TW attempted to joke. \"You get enough, kiddo?\" Jessica asked her little sister. \"Yeah, thank you.\" Darla smiled. \"Is now a good time?\" Patch asked. \"Yeah, let's go.\" Atticus agreed. \"You guys coming outside.\" \"Give us a minute, we'll be right out.\" Sawyer smiled. The Fudo siblings left the diner and waited outside with Patch. \"They are going to be really surprised.\" Patch smiled. \"They sure are...\" Jessica smiled proudly to Atticus. \"I wonder who that actress is they keep talking about...\" Darla muttered to herself. Patch overheard that. \"I'm sure it's nothing to worry about...\" Darla hummed, but she tried to remain optimistic once she felt good about this trip again. After a while, all of the animals came out of the diner. \"Sorry about that, but there is a rather big amount of us.\" Sawyer said. \"No problem,\" Darla said. \"Okay, Atticus, show them what you can do.\" \"This better be worth it...\" Cranston yawned. \"Oh, lighten up, will you?\" Frances glared at the goat. Atticus cracked his fingers and went up to the diner and lifted it up with just one finger. The animals were indeed wowed and amazed. While they were being watched in secret, there was a woman who seemed to be hiding. She had shoulder length blonde hair and wore a floppy hat with sunglasses, and had on a coat with gloves on and had on short-heels. She took out binoculars and eyeballed the little blonde girl with the group. \"There you are, you little brat...\" she muttered quietly as she seemed to spy on the visiting family. Darla had the sneaky feeling that she was being watched. \"Wow, how did you get stronger?\" Frances asked. \"A strong warlock named Drell trained him.\" Patch smiled. \"A warlock?\" the animals then asked. \"Guy witch.\" Jessica said to them. \"I thought that was a wizard?\" Danny scratched his head. \"Witches and wizards are actually really different from each other.\" Jessica explained. Atticus then put the diner back down before anyone would freak out and panic, then patted his hands together. \"Long story, but yeah.' \"This guy must be a great trainer.\" Sawyer said. \"Yeah, you don't wanna mess with him...\" Atticus warned slightly with a small chuckle. Darla looked around, feeling she was being watched. The animals applauded Atticus. \"Darla, what wrong?\" Jessica asked after noticing the blonde girl was looking around. \"I feel like someone's watching me...\" Darla admitted. \"That's probably just nerves...\" Jessica coaxed. \"I dunno...\" Darla shrugged. \"I'm sure that it's nothing.\" Patch said. \"Maybe...\" Darla held her hands together. \"Come on, we should probably get back to the hotel,\" Jessica suggested. \"Just let Mom and Dad we're okay and got our lunch.\" \"You're right.\" Atticus said. \"This'll be like old times, but with new faces, see ya guys around town.\" Danny waved. Everybody said goodbye as the Fudo kids returned to the hotel. \"I wonder how soon we'll see them again.\" Patch said. \"I'm sure we will,\" Atticus said. \"They all became movie stars after we left Hollywood. Oh, I'm sorry, Darla.\" \"No, no, no, it's okay, I'm happy for them...\" Darla said. \"Though, there is someone around here I'm still kinda mad at...\" \"Oh, and Darla?\" Danny stopped them for just a moment. \"I'm sorry.\" Darla looked back. \"What for?\" \"Remember when we first met at your movie shooting and I stole your moment?\" Danny prompted. Darla thought about it, it was during the movie's song and Danny cut in and showboated so he could become a movie star like he had dreamed of despite being a cat. \"Oh, that? I nearly forgot all about that...\" \"I'm sorry, that was wrong of me to do,\" Danny continued his apology. \"You were kinda right to yell at me... I was being a little rude, I guess I got too excited.\" \"Yeah, the spotlight does that to people.\" Darla let out a weak chuckle. \"About how many?\" Patch asked. \"Nine out of ten.\" Darla said like a counter. Danny waved and continued to go with Sawyer. \"Anyway, who's the one person you're still mad at in this town?\" Jessica prompted. \"The man who started it all...\" Darla sighed. \"LB Mammoth...\" \"And you've got a right to be angry with him.\" Atticus said. \"I wonder if he's even still around here...\" Darla looked like she wanted to have a word with the movie producing man himself. \"Maybe.\" Atticus shrugged. The three went back to the hotel. \"That's right...\" the spying blonde woman from earlier stayed hidden. \"Go to your family... At least they love you...\" Patrick and Emily were awake now and had finished mostly unpacking for their vacation. \"Well, looks like we're almost finished.\" Patrick said. \"We'll let Atticus and Patch get their stuff out,\" Emily giggled. \"I love you too much to throw your back out trying get their bags.\" \"Oh, come on, their bags can't be that heavy.\" Patrick chuckled before going over to their son's and the Dalmatian's bags. Emily sighed to herself. \"This can't end well...\" Patrick bent down and began to try to lift up the bags, but seemed to be having trouble lifting them up. Emily gave her husband a look. \"Maybe I should let the boys do this.\" Patrick smiled sheepishly. \"Yeah, I think you should.\" Emily smirked. As if on cue, Atticus, Jessica, Patch, and Darla came in, seeing Patrick trying to lift the bags up. \"Would like some extra strength, Dad?\" Atticus asked. \"Because I can make that happen.\" Patrick laughed. \"Anything that gets these bags unpacked and doesn't make me have to make visits to the chiropractor.\" \"Okay then, Dad, give me your right arm.\" Atticus said. \"Sure...\" Patrick said, he did a quick stretch so he wouldn't get a cramp, then walked over to his only son and held out his arm. \"I swear, from the day you were born, this is something I never would imagine have happening.\" \"Alright, then, here we go.\" Atticus said. He then began grabbed his father's right arm and squeezed it a little so he wouldn't hurt him, but then would squeeze harder as his father's muscles would get bigger as his strength would increase. Everybody, except for Patch of course, reacted in slight shock. Patrick felt very different as he was now as strong as his son and laughed in victory. \"With these new muscles, I can now take on anyone!\" \"Yep, how's about a test of that new strength?\" Atticus asked with a smile. Patrick knew exactly which bags he would use his new strength on. \"Ooh, boy...\" Emily sighed. \"Jessica, Darla, if you have any sons, please don't make them wrestle or fight... I think their Uncle Atticus might cause a lot of chaos during a visit.\" \"Oh, Mom, I'm sure that Atticus won't cause any chaos.\" Jessica assured her mother. Patrick went back to Atticus's and Patch's bags and bent down and grabbed them and lifted them up with his new strength. \"Males...\" Emily said to herself. \"How's that, Dad?\" Atticus asked. \"Great!\" Patrick smiled. \"I feel like I'm sixteen again! I was pretty strong for my age.\" \"Awesome!\" Patch smiled. Patrick began to unpack the rest of the bags without any problems. Darla looked out the window. \"So, how was the diner?\" Emily asked. \"It was nice, we met the animals,\" Jessica said. \"So far, one of them seems to forgive Darla... I'm sure the others will warm up though.\" \"Well, things take time.\" Emily said. \"I was sure Danny would be understanding if no one else did.\" Atticus said. Darla felt a strange disturbance, then went to the door. \"Uh, I'm gonna go for a walk.\" \"I'll go with you.\" Patch came to her side. \"I kinda wanna be alone... I'll have my phone...\" Darla insisted, going ahead outside again. The family looked concerned about Darla going outside all by herself, but they let her go to hopefully clear her head. It didn't take Patrick long for him to unpack all of Atticus's and Patch's bags. \"Thanks, Dad.\" Atticus smiled. \"Anything for my favorite son.\" Patrick smiled back. \"I'm your only son.\" Atticus smirked playfully. \"Still my favorite.\" Patrick laughed. Jessica and Emily smiled to this, then shared a hug together. Patch smiled at the family bonding and he was glad to be apart of a family that was so close with each other. While that was going on, Darla was on her own, taking a walk. She passed the streets, signs, and stars that walked around in broad daylight and didn't shine at night like Danny once said they did before he became one himself. She wondered what this feeling was, but tried her best to ignore it as she passed around some once familiar sights that changed, but it wasn't too unfamiliar to her. She had lived here for three years after all. \"I wonder who the new actress is.\" Darla said. She then accidentally bumped into a boy with chestnut brown hair who seemed younger than her. \"Ow...\" the boy winced. Darla looked over and gasped. \"Oh, no, sorry!\" \"That's okay...\" the boy rubbed his head, then tilted his head. \"Say, you seem familiar...\" \"Yeah, I get that a lot.\" Darla said. The boy helped her up. Darla was surprised that he was helping her, but she mumbled out her thanks. \"So, what're you doing out here by yourself?\" the boy asked. \"Just clearing my head, I get the feeling that I'm being watched.\" Darla said. \"Why would you feel like that?\" the boy asked. \"I felt fine a little while ago, but I dunno...\" Darla shrugged as she seemed to walk with him. \"Hmm...\" the boy looked curious. \"Anyways, I never got your name.\" Darla said. \"I'm Derek Jonas.\" the boy gave his name. \"Um, hi, Derek.\" Darla smiled. The boy smiled brightly. \"That's where I know you from... I got your autograph at one of your movie premieres...\" \"Uh, yeah...\" Darla shrugged, she wasn't as proud of her movie star title as she used to be, but it was nice to have someone recognize her in a positive way. \"Uh, where are we going?\" \"Nowhere too special...\" Derek seemed to smile darkly. \"Um, you know what, I think I better get back to my family.\" Darla said. \"No, come on, let's walk...\" Derek grabbed onto her arm. \"Ow...\" Darla winced. \"You're hurting me! Look, pal, I don't know who you think you are, but my big brother's back at the hotel and I'll tell him what you're up to!\" \"Come on !\" Derek pulled her. \"Stop it!\" Darla yelped. Atticus and Patch then sensed that Darla was in trouble and where Atticus ran off to save her. \"Let go of me!\" Darla demanded. \"Let go!\" \"I brought who you asked for, Mistress.\" Derek took Darla into a dark alley with a slender woman's shadow. \"Excellent work, my boy...\" the woman said as her sapphire eyes were only visible and they seemed to be filled with hatred and rage. \"You have done well...\" \"Who are you?\" Darla demanded. \"I'm your worst nightmare and you are mine now...\" the woman said before taking out a couple of gas masks, then threw down a sphere. The sphere opened up to show sleeping gas which flooded the air. Darla coughed heavily, then passed out and the woman picked her up in her arms and disappeared with Derek.[Chapter 6] Atticus arrived at the alley way, but didn't find anyone there. Patch sniffed the air to track down someone. \"I know I heard her around here somewhere...\" Atticus muttered. Patch and Atticus looked to each other, both worried and confused. Cherry was called to the Dreamscape, so she lay down on her bed and traveled, coming into the room with many doors, wondering why she was called this time. \"Cherry, Darla is in trouble.\" Mally said. \"Did she have another nightmare?\" Cherry asked. \"I'm afraid this is a serious case of nightmares taking over the poor child,\" Teller replied. \"You see, Darla's nightmares had not rested well after she's found the courage to confront her past and you will not believe who's after her.\" \"If it's just a dream, can't she wake up?\" Cherry asked. \"No, Darla's nightmares have come to life and taken a physical form,\" Mally explained. \"You see, Darla was kidnapped by... Her alternate self.\" \"What?!\" Cherry asked. \"How is that possible?\" \"We've looked into Darla's subconscious and she is unlike many other girls, her nightmares have come to life to haunt her and belittle her...\" Teller explained. \"It's really complicated, not even I can explain it, but Darla is against herself.\" \"So, what?\" Cherry tried to piece this together. \"I don't understand...\" \"This is Darla from an alternate reality, dear,\" Mally told her granddaughter. \"She's from an alternate timeline where you and Atticus never came to Hollywood and Darla was forced to be a janitor and live like a street urchin for the rest of her life. It's what could have happened if you weren't apart of her life and she destroyed herself and now she visited Darla's nightmares to make them come true and she's going to destroy this Darla and become greedy and selfish to destroy everybody!\" \"Whoa.\" Cherry blinked. \"But to save the Darla we all know and love, Atticus and his family will need to be informed about this.\" Teller said. \"I gues I have to do it then...\" Cherry highly assumed. \"Yes, this will be your first trial as a dream-bender...\" Mally said. \"Even more than finding me or Atticus's aunt, Delilah.\" \"I understand...\" Cherry said, she was then lifted up slightly and carried on her white tiger's back as he dipped her with his head and carried her. \"Wear this,\" Teller put an amulet with a bright violet orb attached to it. \"It'll help you with your abilities outside the Dreamscape and anything you wish up in your mental state will become reality as it would in your dream world.\" \"Cool, thanks, Kimba.\" Cherry said. \"Good luck, dear,\" Mally told her granddaughter. \"You better get going now.\" Cherry nodded. Kimba let out a small roar, then turned the other way and ran with Cherry on his back to take her straight to Hollywood to find Atticus and Patch. \"Where could she be?\" Patch asked. \"She couldn't have gone that far...\" Atticus said to himself. \"I know I heard her from here... I might not have your dog hearing, but I know Darla when I hear her.\" Then out of nowhere, Cherry appeared. \"Cherry!?\" Atticus and Patch looked in surprise. \"I know where Darla is.\" Cherry said as she stayed firmly on Kimba's back. \"Where is she?\" Atticus asked. \"Well, okay, I don't know where exactly yet, but I know who took her, she did it.\" Cherry said. \"Huh?\" Patch tilted his head. Cherry sighed. \"Okay, listen, this is going to get very complicated, but Darla's other self took her.\" \"You mean her alternate self took her?\" Atticus asked. \"How is that possible?\" \"Okay, I know this is really weird and unusual, but hear me out...\" Cherry took a deep breath and told the boys everything that her grandmother and Teller told her about Darla's dreams about how an alternate Darla from the future kidnapped her child past self for her own personal gain, it did sound really crazy and complicated, but that was all she could do. And where luckily, they believed her and where she saw Atticus's family behind him. Kimba merely glanced to Patrick, Emily, and Jessica. \"We thought you could use some help...\" Jessica grinned nervously. \"We actually will need all of the help, we can even get some extra muscle.\" Kimba said. \"Just leave certain degrees to me...\" Cherry said as she held her orb in her hands, but kept the lace around her neck to wear it. \"So where are we going?\" Emily asked. \"We have to find Darla and the villainess who's doing this to her,\" Cherry said, then held her hands together as they seemed to glow. \"And I think I found a way how...\" she said before splitting her hands apart and showed a mirror. \"That looks like Prince Adam's mirror.\" Atticus commented. \"Let's hope it works the same way...\" Cherry said, then adjusted her glasses. \"Show me Darla Fudo.\" she told the mirror. And where to their luck, the mirror glowed and showed them exactly where Darla was. Cherry flinced from the bright light. Darla was being carried by the woman in her coat as the little girl was still knocked out cold. \"We gotta go rescue her.\" Atticus said. 'But how?\" Emily asked. \"That's what we're about to find out...\" Cherry narrowed her eyes in determination. Meanwhile... Darla yawned and was waking up, she smacked her lips and looked around as her vision was a little blurry at first. \"Where... Where am I?\" \"You're awake...\" Derek grinned evilly. \"Where am I, Derek?\" Darla glared. \"Oh, didn't you want to come home?\" Derek stepped back with an evil smile. \"Well, here you are...\" \"Home?\" Darla sounded confused. Derek turned on the light and brought her into a bedroom that was nearly all pink with a large bed that had heart-shaped pillows. \"Welcome home.\" \"I haven't been here for a long time.\" Darla said. \"It's where you belong...\" Derek smiled evilly with his arms folded. \"Look, I don't know what you're up to, but you better let me out THIS INSTANT! \" Darla glared, sounding a little like her old self. \"Oh, that sure brings back memories...\" the blonde woman walked in, looking way down at Darla. \"Who are you and what do you want from me?\" Darla glared. \"You can't hurt me, my brother will hurt you both worse!\" \"Oh, Darla, honey, surely you don't think I'd want to hurt my favorite little girl in the whole wide world...\" the woman chuckled. \"Huh?\" Darla asked. \"Wait, what?\" \"Darla,... Don't you recognize me?\" the woman ruffled up the girl's now cut short hair. \"I just want you to be just like me when you grow up...\" Darla looked into the woman's eyes and took a close look her face to find anything familiar, then realized something. \"You're me...\" \"Correct.\" Adult Darla smiled evilly. \"This... This can't be possible...\" Darla whispered. \"And there's no way that your family or those animals will find you here.\" Adult Darla smiled evilly. \"There's no way that this is happening!\" Darla yelled out, then looked to the boy. \"Derek, why are you teaming up with her?\" \"I have to do what she wants me to and I agree with her,\" Derek folded his arms. \"She's my mother.\" \"Mom?\" Darla's face paled. \"Uh-huh.\" Derek nodded. \"That's not right!\" Darla wailed. \"HELP ME!\" she then opened the door and ran out of it. \"Sorry, but there's no way anyone will be able to save you.\" Derek smirked. Darla kept running. \"Get away from me, you weirdos, get away!\" she then opened the front door. \"Haha, I found a way out!\" \"That's what you think.\" Adult Darla said. Darla pulled a face. 'How do you mean?\" \"Look for yourself.\" Derek smirked. Darla opened the front door and stared up in slight horror. \"Max...\" she whispered, sounding rather frightful to see her former master servant who waited on her hand and foot and would harm anyone who got in her way. \"Going somewhere, Miss Dimpool?\" Max asked, sounding scary. Darla backed up. \"But... You can't be here... You disappeared after the movie premiere...\" \"He works for the family now.\" Derek arrived behind Darla. \"Okay, if you're my son, then who's your father?\" Darla asked. \"Only the richest and most greedy heir there ever was,\" Derek smirked. \"Jonas is actually my middle name, my real name is Derek Jonas Max.\" \"Greedy heir... Your last name is Max...\" Darla stared at the boy. \"Is your father Montana Max?!\" \"Well, you're smarter than you look...\" Derek laughed in her face. \"We're going to destroy you because you could've had riches after you lost your family fortune from flooding the stage! Why did you give it all up?\" Darla thought back to when she met Cherry and Atticus. \"They made me realize that family is a better gift that oodles of money... I'd rather have no money with a warm and loving family than tons of cash with no family at all!\" Her medallion the started to glow, causing for Derek to flinch from the light. \"Hey...\" Derek winced, squeezing his eyes shut and he turned his head. \"What're you doin'!?\" \"I... I don't know...\" Darla stared at the medallion Princess Celestia gave her. And where this gave her an idea of how to bring her family and friends and hopefully, the animals, who she hoped had forgiven her, to where she was now. Max snarled and picked up Darla in his giant hands. Darla grunted and struggled, shaking, trying to get free, but Max was far too strong. Adult Darla watched from the top of the staircase with a very malicious grin. \"Oh, please work...\" Darla whispered to her medallion. And where to her luck, it did, as Cherry, Atticus, Patch, Patrick, Emily, Jessica, and all the animals from the real world appeared.[Chapter 7] Max glared at the door. \" MAX! \" Adult Darla demanded. \" DESTROY THOSE TRESPASSERS! \" \"I'd like to see you try.\" Atticus, Patch, and Patrick glared at Max. \"I'll handle the big guy.\" Patrick said. \"You sure, Dad?\" Atticus asked. \"It'll give me good exercise,\" Patrick smiled to his son. \"No worries.\" Atticus nodded and let Patrick take on Max, but would step in with Patch if ever necessary. \"You're in trouble now...\" Darla glared to her adult self, her former butler, and alternate future son. \"What's going on?\" Sawyer asked. \"Look!\" a light brown cat with blue eyes in a light green dress and bow pointed up to Max. Darla screamed as Max was gripping onto her. \"Why don't you make like a bunch of trees and get out of here?\" Derek glared at the crowd. \"You mean 'make like a tree and leave'?\" Cranston asked, confused. \"Just get out of here, Tin Can Breath.\" Derek scoffed. \"We'll do no such thing, young man,\" Tillie glared. \"Now, you let go of that little girl!\" Darla looked down and saw Danny and all the other animals she knew. \"You guys came back for me?\" she asked, sounding a little touched. \"Of course we did, besides the past is the past and where we can't change it, but seeing that you had changed for the good during the years, we decided to give you a chance.\" Frances smiled. \"Yeah, we see that you were really honest,\" Tillie beamed. \"We're sorry, Darla, but we're all behind you now, 100%.\" Sawyer added. \"I kinda didn't wanna come here, but I thought it over and I figured you deserve another chance too, kiddo.\" Cranston added in. \"I hope we can be friends.\" the brown cat said. \"I think I'd like that.\" Darla said back. \"Oh, blah, blah, blah,\" Adult Darla rolled her eyes. \"Can't you see they're just trying to bewitch you, Darla?\" \"Hey, you stay out of this!\" Patch barked at Adult Darla. \"Why not?\" Adult Darla glared down at the puppy. \"This involves me just as much as it involves her.\" Kimba walked in, carrying Cherry on his back. \"What is that...?\" Adult Darla asked. \"Did you steal that beast from Las Vegas?\" \"No, this tiger's mine...\" Cherry glared. \"You're going to pay for what you're doing with this poor innocent girl.\" \"Yeah, no one messes with my little sister and gets away with it.\" Atticus added in. Darla sniffled slightly, but it was a happy one this time. \"Enough with the sob story...\" Adult Darla sneered. \"It won't matter!\" \"What do you mean?\" Danny asked. \"Because this is all an illusion brought up from the demented alternate reality...\" Adult Darla grinned. \"Only my child self's true desires can save her!\" \"That's it...\" Cherry had an idea. \"Darla, you have to help me stop you!\" \"Ugh, that gets more painful and confusing the more I think about it...\" TW groaned. \"I don't have any powers!\" Darla called back. \"Yes, you do!\" Atticus called to her. \"I do?\" Darla pulled a face. \"Darla, what did you tell me before we left home!?\" Emily called up. Darla thought about it. \"I went to the Sailor Moon world...\" \"And what do we usually do during the summer together as a family?\" Emily then called with a smile. \"Visit Uncle Triton in Atlantica...\" Darla smiled halfway. \"And what world is that medallion from?\" Emily then finished. \"Equestria...\" Darla then realized that she did actually have her own powers. \"Yeah!\" she then glared at her alternate future self. \"I have powers that YOU'LL never have!\" \"What?!\" Adult Darla glared. \"You think you're so special, you brat?!\" Darla began to glow brightly, as did her brooch and her medallion. Max tried to tighten his hold, but Darla broke free as she escaped with a glowing beam of bright light that shimmered around her. The blonde girl then came down, softly and gently on the floor and her new form was shown. She was a beautiful young princess. \"W-Who are you?\" Adult Darla asked. \"Oh, don't you recognize me?\" Darla mocked her future self. She then went into a certain pose. \"Pretty Guardian of Love and Justice in a Sailor Suit! Sailor Moon has arrived! In the name of the Moon, I'll punish you!\" \"Sailor Moon, eh?\" Adult Darla glanced at her younger self. \"Yes, because I chose my destiny myself, you don't exist, I do, and I'm a lot happier than you'll ever be, you selfish, vain, spoiled brat!\" Darla sneered. \"B-But I thought there was only one Sailor Moon?\" Derek asked, scared. \"You thought wrong...\" Darla glared. \"And not only that, I have Equestrian and mermaid magic of my own.\" \"But that's impossible!\" Adult Darla grew outraged. \"I don't have any of that!\" \"That's because you're not her, you're only an alternate version of her!\" Atticus glared. \"You won't exist for much longer,\" Cherry glared at the evil blonde woman. \"Darla controls your fate and you and your son should not exist.\" Kimba snarled at the blonde woman. \"Lies!\" Adult Darla glared before she saw that both her and her son were disappearing. \"NO!\" Derek cried. Max snarled viciously and tried to go after Adult Darla and Derek, but Patrick kicked him down. \"You leave my family alone, you monster!\" Patrick glared. \"D-D-Did he just kick Mr. Max down?\" Derek asked. \"I won't let you win!\" Adult Darla struggled. Cherry held her hands together and made a golden glow appear in her hands, when she opened up her hands, she took out a disc and threw it at Adult Darla and Derek which then opened up and made a laser cage appear in front of the mother and son. \"You can't do that!\" Adult Darla cried. \"I just did...\" Cherry narrowed her eyes. \"Now, as I said before, you're going to be punished.\" Darla threatened her adult self. \"Oh, please, the only way you can punish us is if you have the Moon Staff.\" Derek scoffed. Darla looked worried for a moment. Cherry shut her eyes, she closed her hands together and made a white glow appear in her hand and she opened up her hands to show a pink and golden cane-like object with a red and gold object above it and in the center was a white crystal sphere. \"What's that?\" Derek asked. \"The Moon Staff!\" Adult Darla screamed. \"Where did you get it!?\" \"Whatever I imagine becomes reality...\" Cherry said, giving Darla a helping hand. \"Oh, no.\" Derek said. \"Oh, yes...\" Cherry smirked. She then gave the Moon Staff to Darla. \"Thank you.\" Darla smiled. Cherry nodded. \"Now go stop the void of evil.\" she said before saluting. \"You got it.\" Darla saluted back. \"I'll kill you!\" Evil Darla sneered at her child self. \"If you kill me, you won't even exist!\" Darla smirked. \"I hate when logic comes into this.\" Adult Darla glared. \"If it's anything you don't have, it's logic.\" Cherry retorted. \"Burn.\" Frances giggled. \"Moon Healing Escalation!\" Darla called out before raising the Moon Staff high in the air. The staff sparked and glowed a moment. \"What's happening?\" Derek asked his mother in a panic. Adult Darla and Derek screamed. The moon beam light imploded on the two and there was a big foom. Everyone was crouched down and they were holding each other as the wind blew back their hair and fur slightly and their eyes were clenched shut. There was a pile of pink bricks and the mansion seemed to be completely destroyed. Everyone else got up and they dusted each other clean and smiled once they saw that they were all okay. However, one was not with them: Darla. They all looked around and tried to find the little girl, but they couldn't find her or see her, much to their worry and sadness, fearing that she must have been crushed or killed in the process.[Chapter 8] \"Please, please, let her be okay.\" Atticus prayed. \"Oh, no...\" Sawyer whispered. Danny then hugged her as tears entered the white cat's eyes. The animals hung their heads in concern and sympathy for the Fudo family as they looked emotionally wrecked and worried about the newest addition to their family. Even Cranston shed some tears. \"I never wanted the kid to get hurt...\" he muttered out, sounding very sorry. Patch even began to whimper and sniff before he started to get Darla's scent. \"What is it, boy?\" Atticus asked. Patch dug out the bricks, but luckily, everyone was able to miss the bricks so they wouldn't get hurt. He bit onto Darla's dress collar and pulled her out. Darla was only slightly bruised, her eyes were shut and she wasn't moving. \"No...\" Emily whispered sadly, she picked up Darla in her arms as she feared the child was probably dead, she then hugged the little girl and started to weep. Even though Darla was not her biological child, she was always a kind and loving mother to her, something the girl never had for long. The Fudo family joined each other as they feared that Darla died from the crushing bricks. \"No, this can't be...\" Atticus was in most pain. \"Darla, you were the best little sister I could ever ask for... I'd give anything just to see you again...\" Cherry put her hands together and made a golden glow which made her fly up in the air, passing the clouds. Meanwhile, Darla was shown awake and alive, though she was surrounded by white clouds. \"Where... Where am I?\" \"Darlene, is that you?\" a female voice called. \"Who said that?\" Darla asked. \"It's been too long, dearest...\" the female voice said. Darla tried to walk over the clouds, but she seemed to float and hover slightly. She then was tumbling over a cloud hill that then brought her in front of a dirty blonde and a light brunette haired couple who smiled down to her. \"Have we met?\" she asked, then thought about it a moment. \"Wait...\" she then reached into her pocket and took out a secret photograph she always kept, showing the couple in the picture with a black-haired older girl and the couple holding onto a blonde bundle wrapped in a pink blanket, she then looked back at the couple. \"Mommy... Daddy...\" she whispered. \"Yes, princess, it's us.\" Her father smiled. Darla hugged her biological parents, then gasped once horror dawned her in realization. \"Am I... I... D-D-Dead...?\" \"It's a near-death experience, sweetheart,\" her mother explained. \"It's not your time yet.\" \"Not my time yet?\" Darla tilted her head. \"What she means is it's not your time to die yet.\" Her father told the blonde girl. \"So will you come back with me?\" Darla asked in excitement. \"I'm sorry, dear...\" her mother sighed. \"We'll always watch over you... Besides, you have a family on Earth who misses you.\" \"Your mother is right, Princess, besides, you still have the power of the Silver Crystal.\" Her father said. \"You know about that?\" Darla asked. \"Of course we do, dear, we've been watching over you your entire life.\" Her mother smiled. \"Yeah, I guess...\" Darla smiled sheepishly then, then frowned slightly. \"Even though I kinda acted bratty when I was in Mammoth's care?\" \"Yes.\" her parents nodded. Darla felt ashamed of her former self. \"It's okay, sweetie, you were just upset because you had all that fame and glory, but no one to share it with...\" her mother cooed gently. \"But right now, you must return to your friends and family.\" Her father told the blonde girl. \"Oh, can't I stay a little longer?\" Darla's voice grew soft suddenly. \"It's best you go back to your new family...\" her mother replied. \"We promise that we love you no matter what...\" Cherry arrived in the cloudy paradise that was Heaven, she arrived to take Darla back home. \"Cherry, how did you get here?\" Darla asked. \"Are you near dead too?\" \"No, I used my abilities to bring myself here,\" Cherry explained. \"I visit here all the time whenever I want moral guidance, especially from my late grandparents.\" \"Cool.\" Darla smiled. \"I'm going to take her back now, Mr. and Mrs. Beaumont.\" Cherry told Darla's biological parents. \"Of course...\" Darla's mother nodded. \"Thank you so much for your genorsity and helping her becoming a lovely and mature young lady.\" \"It's Atticus's doing really.\" Cherry replied. \"It's true.\" Darla smiled. \"We love you, Darla,\" Darla's father said. \"We always have and always will... Take care of yourself now...\" Darla shut her eyes as tears entered them and she hugged her parents one last time. \"I miss you both so much...\" she whispered softly and sadly. \"I miss my sister too...\" \"And she misses you too.\" Darla's mother said. Darla wiped her eyes, she didn't want to let go of her parents, especially her mother. Darla's mother decided to sing Darla a lullaby to relax her and soothe her of this very heartbreaking, though at the same time, heartwarming. She had a truly angelic and wonderful voice like many mothers naturally had. This caused for Darla to smile. Cherry looked at the time, then took Darla's tiny hand and walked her out of Heaven's golden and pearly gates. Darla looked sad again once she had to leave her birth parents, but she waved to them as they waved to her back. After a little while, Darla was brought back into her body. Cherry reappeared back on the Earth as the family was crying for the loss of Darla. However, one tear dropped and it planted against the child's forehead. Darla's eyes twitched and she slowly opened them, letting out a quiet grunt as she was awake and alive now. \"D-Darla, you're alive?!\" Atticus smiled as he hugged her. Cherry had a small smirk. \"Oh, thank heaven!\" Emily hugged her youngest child. Everyone soon began to join in the group hug. \"Um, I'm happy that I'm alive too, but would mind easing up on the hug? I think I can almost see the light of heaven again.\" Darla said, trying to breathe. \"Oh, sorry!\" the others backed up. Darla gasped for air. \"Okay, break it up, people, let her breathe, let her breathe...\" Cherry told everybody. Everyone began to give Darla some room to breathe. Darla caught her breath and relaxed. \"You okay now?\" Danny asked since he was the most concerned of the little blonde girl of all. \"I'm fine...\" Darla sighed calmly. \"Whew, that's a relief.\" Sawyer sighed. \"M-My mansion...\" Darla looked down at the pink bricks, knowing her former home was destroyed. \"I'm afraid Dimple Manor is no more.\" TW said, taking off his hat as a sign of respect. \"Thank goodness...\" Darla actually sounded relieved. \"Wait, you mean you're actually happy that it's destroyed?\" Tillie asked. \"It's like a breath of fresh air...\" Darla spread her arms out once she hopped to her feet. \"The life I once had is over! ...\" she then bowed her head. \"For now anyway... I still wanna have a word with a certain producer...\" \"Would you like us to go with you?\" Jessica asked. Darla looked back to her family. \"You can all walk me there, but I'd prefer to handle him myself.\" \"You got it, little sis, and if there are any guards that give you any trouble, me and Dad will take care of em.\" Atticus said. \"Of course.\" Darla smiled to her big brother. The group left the shattered remains of Darla's former home since she knew that her home was where her heart was and that with the people who treated her like family and made her into the growing girl she needed to be and not a pampered and spoiled diva.[Chapter 9] Darla found the way to LB Mammoth's office and was on her way inside, Atticus and Patrick stood close to the door as Darla knocked on the door. \"Yes, yes, come in...\" the voice replied. Darla opened the door and nodded to her family before going inside and shut the door behind her. \"Yes, how may I help you?\" LB asked as he didn't look up at her and did his paperwork. \"Hello, Mr. Mammoth.\" Darla greeted coldly. \"Darla? What are you doing here? GUARDS!\" LB yelled out. \"Um, I wouldn't do that, sir...\" Darla folded her arms. \"And why not?\" LB glared at his former foster child. Darla opened the door slightly to show Atticus and Patrick taking on the guards before they could hurt any of them. And where to LB Mammoth's surprise, both Atticus and Patrick lifted them up like they were nothing. Darla smirked slightly with flat eyes. \"So can we talk?\" \"Y-Yes.\" LB nodded, startled. \"Super!\" Darla chirped before closing the door. \"So, what would you like to talk about?\" LB asked. \"About us...\" Darla sat down in the chair in front of his desk. \"Us?\" LB asked. \"Yeah... Us...\" Darla explained, crossing her legs slightly. \"You were never really there for me... You came to the orphanage I lived in for not even a full year and you adopted me and raised me to become a movie star... We made our first movie together... You then just treated me like a client...\" \"I gave you everything you could ever want,\" LB glared slightly. \"You got everything your little heart desired! What didn't you have that I never gave you?\" \"Someone to love and care about me like a parent!\" Darla yelled with hurtful tears in her eyes. \"You just left me with Max! You never came to that house you gave me, you never hugged me whenever I won something, you just took your picture with me and considered that a job well done... You never really took care of me.\" \"Well, I'm sorry, but my job doesn't exactly give me enough time to care for children.\" LB glared at her. \"Then why did you take me in!?\" Darla asked. \"Was that all you just wanted a kid for? Someone who would just give you more money if you represented a child for your newer movies after your actors were getting too old?\" \"Of course!\" LB glared at her. \"Why else?!\" \"That's totally selfish!\" Darla cried out. LB folded his arms and turned his back on her. \"Sound familiar, Little Miss America's Sweetheart Lover of Children and Animals?\" \"I understand it all now...\" Darla narrowed her eyes. \"Because of you, I was a brat... I was spoiled, self-obsessed, and obnoxious because of you !\" \"You take that back right now, you brat!\" LB glared. \"I won't!\" Darla glared back, tears coming in her eyes again. \"I'm glad you fired me, because I saw the light and I got something that I always wanted that you could never give me: A warm and loving family!\" \"That's enough out of you!\" LB glared before slapping Darla in the face. Darla screamed out. Patch's ear went up and he turned his head in slight concern. \"What is it?\" Jessica asked. \"It sounded like a slap and a scream.\" Patch said in a warning tone. \" WHAT!? \" Patrick nearly growled. Atticus let his guard go, causing him to crash to the ground and then the strong boy knocked down the door with just one kick and saw that Darla really did get slapped and which angered him. Darla held her cheek. \"You okay?\" Atticus asked softly to her, but with a harsh glare over to LB. \"He hit me...\" Darla sniffled. \"Darla, you go back to the others, I'm going to give LB Mammoth a one trip flight by knuckle sandwich airline.\" Atticus said as he glared at LB while showing a fist. Darla nodded, she seemed to wobble in her steps, but she made it back out to her family. Atticus went up to the fat producer and began to wind up his right fist for the strongest uppercut he had ever done and he was going to use it on LB. \"Just who do you think you are doing that to me!?\" LB glared at Atticus. \"Who do you think you are harming an innocent little girl!?\" Atticus glared back. \"I am LB Mammoth, and I'll call the police if you-\" LB started his threat. Atticus didn't want to hear another word out of him and punched him with the uppercut with all of his strength, sending the fat producer sky rocketing. \"Did you guys hear a crash?\" Jessica asked, wondering if she was just hearing things or not. \"Yeah, it sounded like it came from LB's office.\" Sawyer said. Atticus came out of the office after delivering the only final blow on LB. \"Are you okay?\" Patch smiled to his owner. \"I'll be okay, but I don't think the same can be said for LB.\" Atticus nodded to him. \"And to think we thought Darla was the real monster of Hollywood, but it was him all along.\" Sawyer said. \"I know, right?\" Danny asked. \"So you were never pure evil, darling?\" Frances asked the blonde girl. \"No, I never meant to hurt anybody, I just wanted LB's attention...\" Darla pouted. \"I mean, he adopted me and took me in... It sounds so glamorous on the outside to become a child movie star.\" \"Well, we're so sorry that he never gave you any love or attention.\" Emily soothed her youngest adopted daughter. \"I thought I was happy, but I wasn't...\" Darla said softly. \"Thank you for bringing me though...\" \"No more nightmares...\" Cherry said in a relaxed tone of voice. \"No more nightmares.\" Darla smiled. The others looked curious of what that meant, but Atticus felt like he had a pretty good idea, though said nothing. Sawyer then decided that now was a good time to introduce her and Danny's daughter. \"Darla, could you come over here a moment?\" \"Um, okay...\" Darla said to the white cat woman. Sawyer smiled, then took Darla's hand, bringing her over to Danny and the brown cat. \"So, who do we have here?\" Darla asked. \"Darla, this is our adopted daughter, Sally,\" Sawyer introduced. \"Sally, this is Darla.\" \"H-Hello, Darla.\" Sally said, shyly. \"Um... Hi...\" Darla gave a small smile and wave to the brown cat girl. \"You new in town?\" \"A little...\" Sally smiled back with her paws behind her back. \"She's a little shy.\" Danny said. Sally smiled a little. \"It's okay...\" Darla tried to relax the cat girl. \"Let's be friends.\" \"I'd like that...\" Sally shuffled her feet. Everybody smiled, they knew before Darla said she hated animals, but it was great and refreshing to see her getting along and being gentle with an animal. \"What?\" Darla asked the shocked other animals. \"I have my own kitty at home.\" \"You do?\" Sawyer asked. \"Yeah, she was from the farm next door from my family back home's new farm,\" Patch explained. \"Her name is Maisy...\" Darla smiled. \"Her fur is so bouncy and soft...\" \"She sounds lovely.\" Sally smiled. \"She really is...\" Darla said, feeling she struck a friendship with Sally. At least, hopefully. Everyone smiled as they were leaving the movie producer's office and moving on to other things. \"So what now?\" Patch asked. \"I'd say it's about dinner time.\" Emily said. \"Yeah.\" Patrick agreed. \"Yeah, it is about time for dinner.\" Jessica smiled. \"Let's get some then.\" Emily said. Darla was very happy, the happiest she had ever been in her life so far. Cherry then decided to take her leave so the Fudo family could enjoy the rest of their vacation. And where this vacation would be one that none of them would want to forget. Cherry returned to the Dreamscape once that was settled. She returned the artifacts and felt victorious for herself. \"You have done well, my mistress...\" Kimba nuzzled Cherry. Cherry gently pet his face. \"All in a night's work, I suppose.\" \"Indeed.\" Kimba smiled. Cherry gently pet his fur which caused him to start purring. \"Good tiger...\" Cherry said softly. Mally and Teller stood in a nearby corner and smiled to Cherry for her bravery and mastering her dream-bending abilities. \"I bet Drell will be impressed.\" Teller said. \"Let's find out.\" Mally agreed. Cherry let her tiger return to her own imagination and she put up everything else, then passed her grandmother and the magician who was secretly a highly intelligent wizard of all types of magic. Back with the Fudo family, they were now having dinner. \"I just can't believe that man would hurt a child...\" Jessica said softly. \"It doesn't hurt too badly, does it, honey?\" Patrick asked Darla. \"No, not so much.\" Darla smiled. \"That's good...\" Patrick smiled, then looked serious. \"If he does it again, he has to answer to me.\" Darla smiled back to him, feeling incredibly blessed. The entire dinner was delicious, after dinner Patrick smirked at Atticus. Atticus smirked back, hiding his one hand under the table as he was sneaking some of his food for Patch. And where Patch began to eat the food. \"Okay, before you two do anything, you two can wrestle or rough house when we get home\" Emily told her son and husband. \"Just not when I might have homework.\" Jessica warned with a smile. \"Okay.\" Atticus and Patrick smiled. \"Thank you.\" Jessica chuckled. \"As soon as we get back home and unpack, you two can rough house.\" Emily said. Patrick and Atticus looked to each other eagerly. After dinner, they went to get some sleep.[Chapter 10] Cherry was about to go to sleep and not visit the Dreamscape since her work was done for now, but she found an envelope under her pillow and opened it, but flinched once she heard the frighteningly familiar voice. '' CHERRY BUTLER, REPORT TO MY OFFICE IMMEDIATELY! \" \"Ugh... It's like he knows when I don't wanna be disturbed...\" Cherry groaned and buried her face in her pillow. \"Well, maybe he won't notice if I go to sleep...\" \" DID YOU HEAR ME?! \" The letter yelled. Cherry gasped and rushed to the door to the other realm. \"That's better...\" the letter said then. Cherry put on the clothes she already put away and zipped up her jacket, rushing to the supernatural realm to Drell's office and sat in the waiting room as the woman typed at her computer until Drell would summon her. \"Ah, you must be his next appointment.\" The woman said to Cherry. Cherry grinned nervously, then stood up from her chair. \"Look, if he's busy with a bunch of appointments, I'll just go and come back later...\" \"Nope, he doesn't have any other appointments.\" The woman told her. \"Oh, surely we can reschedule...\" Cherry clenched her teeth. The woman saw a red light on her call button. \"Excuse me a moment...\" she said, then excused herself to open the office door and shut it behind her, leaving Cherry alone in the foggy waiting room. \"I gotta get out of here...\" Cherry backed up, but she was grabbed by a pair of arms. \"GAH!\" Skippy shook his head at her and kept a firm hold on sighed as she was stuck here until Drell would call for her which was very long. \"Cherry, come into my office.\" Drell's voice told her. Cherry sighed, Skippy let her go and then went to the other way, he seemed to be playing with a bell sock toy like what cats played with. She came into the dark office door as the warlock sat behind his desk and actually smiled to her. \"Drell... I'm not suffering and you're smiling...\" \"I want to congratulate you,\" Drell smiled. \"You're not a puny mortal anymore!\" \"Uh, thanks...\" Cherry mumbled. \"No, really, I'm impressed,\" Drell insisted he wasn't being sarcastic. \"You used your dream-bending powers to help save Atticus's little sister! This is how you're one of the good guys, you may be dark and lonely all the time, but you have a good heart and I'm proud of ya!\" he then stood up from behind his desk and hugged her tightly. \"Oh, I'm so proud of you, I wish you were a relation of mine...\" Cherry grunted from the hug. \"Oops, sorry, I forget about my strength sometimes.\" Drell said as he loosened his grip. Cherry winced and let out a weak cough once he let go of her. \"I'm really proud of ya,\" Drell put his arm around her. \"Even though he doesn't know you exist, I'm sure your mother's birth father would be proud...\" Cherry sighed. \"I hate my powers, I thought I was different...\" \"Why do you hate your powers?\" Drell asked. \"I don't understand this, why can't I be a normal mortal?\" Cherry groaned. \"Heeeey now...\" Drell held her rather tighter. \"This isn't all bad, you'll be like your friends... Atticus has Wiccan magic... Mo has Earthian magic... You have dream bending magic...\" \"But no one else does except for my mother's biological family and he doesn't even care about her!\" Cherry sounded angry and sad all at once. \"Oh...\" Drell said. Cherry sighed. \"Look, I know I give you a hard time, but you're Atticus's best friend and you deserve better...\" Drell smiled. \"I think I should also be a magic trainer at the school like at Sabrina's old school with Mr. Snipe and Ms. Magrooney.\" \"There's magic training at Canterlot High!?\" Cherry asked in surprise. \"Yeah,\" Drell laughed. \"Why do you think Trixie carries a wand with her?\" \"Hm...\" Cherry shrugged. \"Because she's trying to improve her magic.\" Drell said. \"Wait, so Canterlot students have magic too?\" Cherry asked. \"Some of them,\" Drell smiled. \"Just gotta learn where to look, why do you think I decided to take a teaching job there?\" \"So you can make my life twice as miserable?\" Cherry modestly guessed with a nervous smile. \"No, so then I can teach magic there,\" Drell said. \"That and so then, I can whip some of those students into shape.\" \"Of course you would...\" Cherry sighed. \"Especially you...\" Drell seemed to smirk darkly. Cherry cupped her mouth then. \"Now, the reason why I called you here is so I can reward you.\" Drell said. \"Now that's more like it.\" Cherry smiled smugly since Drell was actually being generous with her. \"Do you wanna know what it is or not?\" Drell glared. \"Uh, yes, sir...\" Cherry said then respectively and maturely to stay on his good side. \"Good,\" Drell said before giving her a certificate. \"This shows that you will not be unlucky for one whole month.\" \"What!?\" Cherry took it. Drell nodded with an honest smile. \"No pain, no humiliation, no insane driving, just you and yourself for a whole month.\" \"Wow...\" Cherry was surprised. \"I-I don't know what to say.\" \"A 'thank you' would do.\" Drell said. \"Um... Thanks...\" Cherry said then. \"Sure...\" Drell held out his hand for her. Cherry winced at first, then glanced at him. She shut her eyes tight and turned her head as she shook hands with him to finalize it, but she then got electrocuted which made her fall in the middle of the floor. \"Starting now!\" Drell grinned. \"I... Hate... You...\" Cherry mumbled. \"Yeah, yeah.\" Drell smirked. Cherry helped herself up, still slightly shaking. Drell ruffled up her hair roughly. \"Be good now...\" \"Yeah, yeah...\" Cherry coughed herself. Drell then left to go meet his lovely wife. Cherry left the office to get back to her bedroom. The woman looked up with a small smile. Cherry nodded to her and went to get back home. \"You can go home now.\" Drell told his secretary as he locked the door behind him. \"Thank you, sir.\" The woman said before teleporting out. Drell nodded to her and then came to his home briefly to check on things. \"Skippy?!\" Skippy poked his head out, holding an arm out the door he was coming out of, he didn't seem to have a shirt on as his arm was bare, but he still had his hat on and he had a dollar bill in his mouth for some reason. \"I'm going out to see Hilda,\" Drell said. \"You okay here?\" Skippy grinned eagerly and nodded. \"Good.\" Drell nodded. Skippy nodded back. \"What're you doing in there anyway?\" Drell was about to open the door all the way. Skippy's eyes widened and he shook his head rapidly, then smiled sheepishly and uneasily, trying to shoo Drell away. \"Skippy...?\" Drell smirked. \"Do you have someone in the house?\" Skippy's face turned bright red, he shook his head and tried to shut the door. But due to Drell being bigger than him and being the strongest man in the universe, Drell was able to open the door. Skippy covered his face in sheer embarrassment. Angela was only sitting on Skippy's bed and wearing her white gown, looking like she hadn't done anything wrong. \"May I help you, Drell? I'd prefer if you knocked...\" \"Oh... Heh... Sorry...\" Drell chuckled nervously to the female gargoyle. Skippy wiped his forehead in relief. \"Skippy, you and your girlfriend may continue with what you two were doing.\" Drell said before leaving. Skippy chuckled nervously, he then shut the door after Drell. \"Where were we?\" Angela asked. Skippy grabbed a collar like a dog and wore it, jumping next to her and nuzzling against her lap. \"Oh, good boy!\" Angela laughed, cuddling with him. \"And then I said 'no, you're impossible',\" Penelope ranted on her bedroom crystal ball like a stereotypical teenager on the phone. \"And then he said 'no, you're impossible', and then I said-Hang on, my dad's coming.\" she whispered before she heard footsteps and quickly covered the crystal ball with a blanket and tried to look innocent. Her door then opened to show her father look at her suspiciously. \"Heeeeey, Daddy...\" Penelope smiled. \"What're you doing in here, girl?\" Drell asked. \"Nuthin', just studying...\" Penelope took one of her school books and cracked it open. \"Hmm... Thigh bone's connected to the knee bone... I did not know that.\" \"Uh-huh...\" Drell said as he came over to where the crystal ball was hidden. \"N-No, don't!\" Penelope shivered. Drell took the blanket off and saw a teenage mermaid who was not a relation to Atticus. \"Heh... Good evening, Mr. Batsworth...\" the mermaid greeted nervously. \"Hello, dear...\" Drell smiled rather evilly. \"Uh, I'm gonna go now!\" the mermaid hung up quickly. \"And I'm going to be taking this away.\" Drell said before picking up the crystal ball. \"Nooo...\" Penelope sounded very dismayed. \"You're grounded...\" Drell looked very firm with his daughter. \"I told you thousands of times to NEVER EVER make long-distance calls, and what do you do? MAKE LONG-DISTANCE CALLS! \" \"Please...\" Penelope begged for forgiveness. \"I didn't mean it! I'll do whatever it takes to make up for it.\" \"Hmm...\" Drell scratched his chin. \"I can't trust you here alone since your Uncle Skippy has Angela over a lot and he'll be too distracted to look after you...\" \"So...?\" Penelope asked. \"Hmm...\" Drell looked to her. \"What would be a fitting punishment for you?\" Penelope gripped her collar nervously. \"I suppose I could take you with me to Hilda and have Zelda lecture you...\" Drell smirked slightly. \"NO! ANYTHING BUT THAT!\" Penelope begged. \"Would you rather like to have someone watch over you?\" Drell asked. Penelope felt defeated and she then stared at her feet. \"How long until we go to the Spellman house?\" \"Right... Now.\" Drell said before transporting them instantly to the front door of the Spellman house. \"Hey!\" Penelope cried as that was so sudden. Drell rang the doorbell. \"You said...\" Hilda opened the door and smiled to Drell, letting him inside. \"Sabrina's at the movies with Harvey, Penelope.\" \"Oh, darn the luck, guess I'll just go home.\" Penelope said, turning around to walk away. \"Oh, no, you don't.\" Drell said. \"Oh, come on, can't I just be watched over by Atticus?\" Penelope complained before covering her mouth, knowing that the strong boy was somewhat like her father. \"Well... Someone seems insistent on being looked after by Atticus...\" Drell smirked, then leaned in with a low growl. \"You are so lucky he's on vacation with his family, but as soon as he gets back, he is watching your unlucky little butt on LOCKDOWN!\" Penelope gulped in response to that. \"Your sister home?\" Drell asked Hilda with a smile. \"Yes, she's in the kitchen grading papers, I'm sure she'd enjoy Penelope's company.\" Hilda seemed to see where this was going. Drell then went to Hilda's bedroom with the owner. Penelope tried to walk away, but Drell snapped his fingers and made her feet move her into the kitchen to sit down right across from Zelda and be taught a lesson for her misdeeds. \"I hate you!\" she exclaimed on the way against her own free will. Zelda looked up. \"Hello, Penelope.\" \"Heh... Hi, Zelda...\" Penelope smiled nervously. Zelda folded her arms sharply then, looking like a firm and strict mother. \"What did you do?\" Penelope sighed as she was stuck there now. Darla was walking alone around Hollywood again, she wanted to just take one last look before she would leave with her family and she felt a lot better and more comfortable about being here again and would make plans to visit in the future if available. She then saw a flower wilted, ready to die. \"You poor thing...\" the blonde girl cooed to the flower, she then bent down and picked it up, gently holding it in her arms like she were trying to hug it and was healing it back to life, as was her destined powers given to her and where it bloomed even more beautifully. Darla smiled, she was about to walk off with the flower to give either to Emily or Jessica, but she passed a family in the alley who looked to be starving in the streets and looked quite miserable. There was a little boy in the family who reminded her of someone, but she could not think of who right now. Darla looked to the dirt poor family, then to the flower, then walked over to them. The family was looking for food and warmth, but had trouble as they were homeless. There was a baby who looked very hungry, but the family barely had enough to put food on the table. Darla came over to the boy who then looked to her and she held out the flower to him to give as a token of her sympathy and affection. \"Th-Thank you.\" the boy smiled. Darla smiled back. \"You're absolutely welcome.\" \"Your family is so lucky to have someone so generous and kind as you, little girl.\" the mother smiled in high appreciation. \"Thank you, ma'am, and I'm lucky to have them as my family.\" Darla smiled. \"What a very thoughtful thing to say,\" the father said. \"Oh, you should get back to them before it gets dark.\" \"Okay, good night.\" Darla waved to the homeless family and walked off. \"Good night!\" the family called back. \"What an adorable little angel.\" the mother cooed. \"Indeed she is.\" The father smiled. Darla grabbed onto one of the street lights and twirled herself around with it like in a musical number and smiled. \"H ollywood! Where the stars don't shine at night... They walk around in broad daylight... Right here in Holllllyyywoood!~ \" she sang to herself before going back to the hotel where her family was staying in for their vacation. This was truly a vacation that Darla, her family, Cherry, Patch, or any of the animals would ever forget.[Chapter 11] \"I still can't believe this,\" Jessica said as she sat with Darla on the couch. \"What're the odds that OUR cousin would be in a band with YOUR sister?\" \"I guess it was fate.\" Darla shrugged. \"Well...\" Jessica hugged Darla. \"I'm glad we've met though... I've always wanted a little sister...\" \"Did you ever dress up Atticus like a baby doll and put dresses and make-up on him?\" Darla asked with a small smirk. Jessica bit her lip. \"Maybe?\" \"You did what?!\" Atticus asked out of shock. Jessica covered her mouth with a snicker. \"Oh, come on!\" Atticus complained. \"I wanted a little sister...\" Jessica shrugged innocently. \"Plus Mom said that there were some times that I had to take care of you, play with you, and dress you up.\" \"I don't think she meant in a dress!\" Atticus glanced at his sister. \"Oopsie.\" Jessica smirked. She laughed even more which made Darla laugh with her. \"I promise you, Jessica, I will get my revenge!\" Atticus called out, shaking his fist. \"Cry me a river, Attica!\" Jessica called, teasingly. \"I mean it.\" Atticus glared. 'Okay...\" Jessica stuck her tongue out, acting like a troll. \"Were you always like this?\" Atticus glanced back. \"As far as you know.\" Jessica chuckled. \"I swear, Atticus will get his vengeance!\" Patch declared. Jessica just laughed, having a lot of amusement in the littlest things. \"Animal crackers?\" Emily put a bowl of the treats in front of her children on the coffee table in front of the couch. Darla had a strange feeling of deja vu since she was among animal crackers and Atticus was also present. \"Whoa, strange, deja vu...\" Atticus rubbed his head. \"You feel that too?\" Darla looked to him. \"Uhh...?\" Jessica did not understand. Atticus began to tell them all of how the animal crackers made it feel like deja vu. \"Darla invited us over to tea one day, it was a trick of course back then and she kept biting the heads off of the animals and threw them at Danny to scare him away.\" \"Yikes...\" Jessica whispered. \"Why'd you bite the heads off, Darla?\" \"Just to show I meant serious business...\" Darla shrugged, she didn't even sound bothered or broken that the past was brought up anymore. \"What happened after that?\" Patch asked. \"That was when I was making plans to trick Cherry, Atticus, and Danny,\" Darla explained. \"I was going to have them show up on Stage 13 Friday at 3:00 during LB's big press conference so I could flood the stage and blame them so they could get kicked out of Hollywood for good.\" \"Did you ever show remorse for your actions?\" Atticus asked. \"Well...\" Darla curled her finger in her hair as she was thinking back to that. *Flashback* \"But it wasn't!\" Danny cried as the gates were slammed shut in front of his face, being shut out like the other animals. \"It wasn't their fault...\" The limo pulled up and Darla showed her face after Max was bringing out the soaking wet penguin who was held hostage as part of this evil plan. \"Nice working with you, Danny, Cherry, and Atticus!\" Darla smirked and fell back laughing at them. \"Singing and dancing animals!\" she called before Max drove the limo off just so she could laugh at them. However, as the limo was taking Darla back home, something different happened far from what she planned. Max dropped Darla off in front of LB. \"So, those animals are banned forever, huh?\" Darla asked with a smirk, hoping he would pay attention to her for once. \"Yes, they are.\" LB said, still drying himself off. \"Are you all right, Miss Dimple?\" Flanigan added. \"Uh, yeah, I'm fine...\" Darla rubbed her arm. \"So, hey, I was wondering, LB, would you like to come over for-\" \"Oh, not now, Darla...\" LB said, walking off with the film director. \"We have to get things ready for your movie premiere and we're not going to let those animals stand in the way!\" \"Don't you wanna come over and talk maybe!?\" Darla called out to him. \"C-Come on! Don't leave me alone, Daddy!\" she then gasped and covered her mouth once she realized what she called him. But even though she said that, LB didn't turn around. Darla was all alone, she held her chest as she felt her heart sink. Nobody was there to join her side. Darla never thought about her parents much before until Cherry and Atticus brought them up when they first met on the first day of filming for her newest movie. No one to pat her on the back, no one to hug her and tell her she was the perfect child in their eyes, not caring what anyone else thought, Darla had millions of admirers, but there were two she needed to get her through the day: Parents. \"Ride, Miss Dimpool?\" Max offered. \"I'll walk home, Max...\" Darla said softly as she hung her head and felt more miserable than the animals did for being kicked out of Hollywood. \"The long way home...\" Max watched his very young mistress wander off, he had never seen her like this before, but there were some nights where he would hear her cry herself to sleep and force herself to smile brightly and cheerfully like a child who could never be unhappy or selfish. The former was mostly true as she only was the latter for attention and the care of a family, instead she was just a meal ticket for a movie producer who only adopted her to make more money. Darla wiped her eye as a tear rolled down her cheek, no one was even there to do that for her, give her a big, warm hug, or stroke her back and tell her everything was going to be okay. She was all alone. *End of Flashback* Darla wiped her eyes as she felt a song coming on. This made Atticus think of a song that Mo often sang to her dog Angel to make her feel better whenever they had tough times on the streets. The family shared a tender hug with each other through tears. Patch joined in, not handling not being in the hug. It was a very bittersweet moment. Emily brought tissues out from her purse. \"You okay, Darla?\" Jessica asked gently. \"I'm all right...\" Darla took a tissue. \"Thank you, Mama Emily...\" she said before dabbing her eyes and blew her nose. \"I just never thought I'd ever be with a real family again after all I've been through.\" \"Well, when I saw that you needed help and that you use to have a family once, I thought that maybe you could come with us and live with a care and loving family and where luckily my family seemed to fit the deal,\" Atticus smiled. \"That and Cherry suggested that my family should adopt you.\" \"Cherry suggested that?\" Darla sounded surprised of Cherry's good nature. \"I thought she hated everything and everybody...\" \"It really was her suggestion, but I had hoped that she would suggest that.\" Atticus said. \"I never knew she had a heart...\" Darla said. \"I thought she probably kept in a jar or something.\" Jessica quietly snickered to that. \"Sorry...\" she then said apologietically since Cherry was her brother's best friend and all. Darla then remembered what Atticus hoped for. Atticus hugged his little sister. \"You're my little sister, blood or not, you are my family and that's all that matters.\" Darla smiled back. \"And you are my big brother.\" This was truly a brother and sister moment. Jessica was kind of left out, but she did not care, she knew how special the moment was between the two of them, so she let them have it. Patch then saw a dog come out from a hole who had a Pound Puppy tag. He looked to his family, then rushed to the dog. \"Hello, there.\" \"Guess which Dalmatian puppy and his owner along with special guests of their choice have been invited to an exhibit?\" The dog asked. \"I'm sorry?\" Patch asked with a smile. \"What's that?\" \"You heard me.\" The dog said. \"Hm...\" Patch smirked. \"What, where, when, and why?\" The dog began to tell him everything he heard from another dog who heard from a bird. \"Hm... So I see...\" Patch smirked. \"And I'm invited.\" \"Oh, of course,\" the dog smiled. \"Everybody knows about Lucky of the Pound Puppies's adopted son Patch!\" Patch looked touched, he thought of Lucky as a father figure, but now folks were calling him an adopted son. \"Well, what can I say?\" he then smiled sheepishly, putting one paw to his chest with a charming smile. \"Anyway, I hope you and your owner will be back home soon.\" The dog said. \"I'm sure we will.\" Patch promised with a salute. \"Remember...\" \"'Once a Pound Puppy, Always a Pound Puppy'.\" Patch and the dog recited together. Patch sighed with a chuckle. \"Good times... I can't wait to tell my own pups someday.\" \"I'm sure you will have your own pups.\" The dog smiled. \"Yeah...\" Patch smiled dreamily as he thought of someone at home to help him out with that once they would get older of course. \"I'll leave ya to your family, talk to you later!\" the dog said before taking his leave. \"Wait!\" Patch called. \"I don't even know your name!\" The dog then disappeared. Patch sighed. \"Farewell, dear friend...\" he said with a small smile, then went back to his family. \"So, Darla, did you enjoy your Hollywood vacation?\" Patrick asked. \"Yes...\" Darla smiled serenely then. \"I'm so glad I can come here without any problems in the future.\" \"Who knows?\" Emily smiled back. \"Maybe someday you'll come here with your children.\" \"Yeah.\" Jessica smiled. Darla smiled as she hugged her family once again, once everything was settled, the Fudo family went to bed and Darla could peacefully dream once again.[Chapter 12] *Over twenty years into the future...* Darla was all grown up and holding her little girl's hand as they were traveling into Hollywood together. \"Hey, Mommy, what's that?\" the little girl pointed to the Chinese theater with the wet and dried cement of celebrities in the past, present, and future. \"Hey, I remember this,\" Darla smiled as she knelt down with her daughter to take a look, then saw her name in one stone that read 'My Time Has Come- Darla Dimple'. \"This was from the premiere of my final movie when I was about your age.\" \"You mean this is where you first started out as a movie star, Mommy?\" The little girl asked. \"Oh, yes,\" Darla smiled. \"I thought I was happy being adored by millions of people, but they all could never give me the one thing I desired the most in my life: A warm and loving family...\" she then leaned down and hugged her daughter. \"I love you, sweetie.\" \"I love you too, Mommy.\" the little girl hugged her mother back. This was truly a happy moment no one would want to forget. It may had only been a dream, but it was a wonderful one. In a corner, Cherry was watching Darla embrace her dream daughter and had a small smirk since her work here was done. She then saw another door and where it had the symbol of an eye on the middle it and saw Atticus's name on top of it. \"Eh, what the heck?\" she shrugged, then decided to go to Atticus's door and opened it before flinching from the bright light to take her into Atticus's subconscious. She saw monsters that the Mystery Inc unmasked, but only they were real and this wasn't a video game. \"What is going on here?\" Cherry muttered. \"Must be one of his visions...\" she then guessed as she explored the dream. She was encountered by the Pterodactyl ghost. The ghost screeched and flapped its wings above her, not catching her. \"Okay, I think this is what foreshadowing means...\" Cherry said to herself. She then heard the evil laughter of an unfamiliar masked villain. \"Who is that...?\" Cherry narrowed her eyes, wondering who that was, it sounded mysterious, yet, only slightly familiar. She looked to see an unfamiliar masked villain. \" MYSTERY INCORPORATED MUST PAY! \" the villain demanded. \"If this is Scrappy and Annette again, I'm gonna be very upset...\" Cherry said in a warning voice. Mally then pulled Cherry out of the vision. \"I assure you it isn't either of those pups.\" she told her granddaughter. \"Grandma!\" Cherry gasped in shock. \"I had a feeling you would go into one of his visions.\" Mally said. \"Well, it's hard to distinguish the two sometimes...\" Cherry shrugged. \"Anyway, be careful when entering a vision.\" Mally warned. \"Yes, ma'am...\" Cherry replied respectively. \"Guess curiosity killed my inner cat.\" Mally hid a small smirk from that, but shook her head and returned focus. \"Terrible things could happen.\" \"That doesn't sound like such a big deal...\" Cherry shrugged. Mally zapped her finger to make Drell appear. \"Drell, could you...?\" \"Oh, sure...\" Drell nodded, he then cleared his throat. \"Terrible...\" he said in a normal tone at first. \"Terrible...\" he then added with a slight echo, then put his finger up before making his voice very loud. \" TERRIBLE! \" Cherry covered her ears as that was a bit too loud for her. \"Thank you.\" Mally then sent him away, she had him over to emphasize her point so Cherry would know better next time. \"Okay, okay, I get it...\" Cherry groaned. \"That's a good dear...\" Mally hugged her granddaughter. \"Oh, it feels so great to hold you in my arms again...\" \"Feels great to be held...\" Cherry replied softly as a tear was coming down her cheek from hugging her long-lost grandmother she believed had been dead for a long while now.[Chapter 13] The next morning, the Fudo family was getting ready. Jessica gently shook Darla awake. \"Wake up, sweetie...\" she called quietly. Darla stopped lightly snoring and then sat up in her bed, yawning and stretching, smacking her lips. \"What time is it...?\" she asked as she rubbed her still shut eyes. \"We're getting ready to leave.\" Patch said. \"Already?\" Darla pouted. \"Sorry, dear, but all things must come to an end eventually.\" Jessica gently patted her on the head. \"Well... Okay...\" Darla hopped out of the bed, going to join them in helping getting ready to go home. Atticus found an envelope, but jumped slightly since Drell's voice yelled through it. ' ATTICUS FUDO, REPORT TO MY HOME AS SOON AS POSSIBLE! \" \"Looks like someone needs me.\" Atticus said. \"Do you have to go right away?\" Emily asked. \"I'll go after we get home, it doesn't say immediately, so I don't have to go right quick.\" Atticus replied. \"Let's hope you're not too exhausted by then.\" Patrick said. \"I should be fine,\" Atticus smiled. \"The ride home is a lot quicker than the ride away from home.\" \"That's true.\" Jessica agreed. \"I'll be right there, I just wanna say goodbye, I'll meet you all in the car.\" Darla said before rushing off to meet her new animal friends. \"We'll see you in the car.\" Atticus said. Darla nodded and rushed off. The family decided to take this time to pack up Darla's things for her since she would be gone. Darla went over to Pinky's Diner and poked her head in and smiled as the animals were together, Pudge was even there and had a special guest with him. It was a female penguin that must have been his girlfriend. Darla smiled, then walked into the diner. \"Morning, everybody.\" The animals looked and smiled to her. \"Darla!\" Darla giggled. \"Um... Yes... Uh, I just wanted to let you all know something,\" she revealed. \"I'm leaving to go back home today.\" \"But Miss Dimp-Darla...\" TW spoke up. \"Isn't this your home?\" \"No, my home is with Mama Emily, Daddy Patrick, and my new big brother and big sister, I belong there and not here.\" Darla replied. \"We understand.\" Tillie said. \"Thank you all so much for helping me see the light.\" Darla gave all of the animals a hug, then looked over to Pudge who looked very shocked, scared, and confused to see one of his greatest enemies being friendly. \"It's okay, Pudge.\" Danny promised. \"Yeah, I'm good now, see?\" Darla beamed. \"I guess...\" Pudge rubbed his flippers together. \"And who do we have here?\" Darla looked to the young female penguin. \"Oh, this is my girlfriend.\" Pudge introduced. \"Hello, it's nice to meet you.\" Darla extended her right hand over to the young female penguin. \"It's nice to meet you too.\" The female penguin smiled. \"What's your name, huh?\" Darla asked. \"I'm Glacia,\" the female penguin gave her name. \"I live back home with my mama, papa, and Uncle Rocko.\" \"Uncle Rocko, huh?\" Darla repeated then. \"Yeah, he's a rockhopper,\" Glacia explained. \"He's my papa's best friend, even though he can be grumpy sometimes.\" \"Wow.\" Darla said. \"They had a big adventure together, I wasn't there though, I wasn't born 'cuz Papa had to travel the world to get a pebble to give to Mama.\" Glacia said then. \"A pebble?\" Darla asked, curiously. \"Yes, you see, when penguins like each other, the male gives a pebble to the female like an engagement ring that you humans give to each other.\" Pudge explained. \"Oh, well, that sounds adorable.\" Darla smiled. \"It was truly romantic of how Papa told it.\" Glacia smiled back. \"I'll have to hear the story sometime, but I need to go now...\" Darla reminded. \"Of course, hope to see you again real soon, Darla.\" Glacia said. \"Much later.\" Darla nodded, then took her leave. Cranston sighed. \"Uh, Darla, wait!\" Darla turned to the goat. \"Erm... I'm sorry I misjudged you...\" Cranston sincerely apologized. \"It was wrong of me.\" \"It's okay, Cranston.\" Darla smiled. Cranston actually gave Darla a hug. \"Erm... You be good for Atticus now and take care of yourself, ya hear?\" \"Yes, Cranston...\" Darla nodded in the hug, then let go and gave the old goat a kiss on the cheek and walked off. \"Goodbye, everybody!\" The others said their goodbyes as Darla went to where she believed was her real home: With the Fudos. After Patrick, Emily, Atticus, Darla, Jessica, and Patch got everything packed, they were all ready to go back home. They saddled up and traveled down the road. Darla looked out to see the Hollywood logo in the mountains and waved to it, she promised to visit again one day when she would get older. After Atticus settled back in his room and came home with everything ready for him, he remembered his appointment with Drell and came into the Supernatural Realm, but ended up in what looked like a tropical beach sunset and a Limbo stick and calypso music playing. \"Uhh...?\" Atticus looked around. Skippy poked his head out through the door like he anticipated Atticus's arrival. \"Um, Skippy, what's going on?\" Atticus asked. Skippy gestured to the Limbo stick and then mimed Limbo gestures to explain to him. \"Oh, I'm in Limbo...\" Atticus guessed. Skippy smiled and nodded. \"Uh, is Drell around?\" Atticus asked. \"I'm supposed to meet him.\" Skippy walked into the door, but he held out his arm and moved his finger up to gesture for Atticus to come inside. Atticus caught on to this quickly as he went inside. The music stopped. Drell was sitting on his couch with his legs folded over top of each other and he had his arms spread across the top of the couch. Atticus came in. \"You wanted to see me, sir?\" \"Have a seat.\" Drell gestured to the chair across from the couch he was sitting on. Atticus then sat in the seat, feeling a little confused why he was called there. Drell then put his hands together and rested his chin between his fingers. \"I bet you're wondering why you're here.\" Atticus nodded. \"Y-Yes, sir.\" Drell smirked. \"Penelope needs some of your attention... She's been misbehaving again.\" \"What did she do this time?\" Atticus groaned. \"I told her specifically and numerous times to NEVER use the crystal ball for long-distance calls...\" Drell folded his arms. \"She's been calling that mermaid pen pal of hers and it is VERY expensive, especially in underwater lands.\" \"So, let me guess, I'm going to be kind of like her punishment, right?\" Atticus asked. \"Yes, and you can deal with her however you want, I'm leaving you in charge of that until I get back on my feet.\" Drell replied. \"You got it.\" Atticus said. \"I have a sneaking suspicion that Penelope is acting up more than usual because I'm rarely around...\" Drell shrugged with a small smirk. \"Why do you say that?\" Atticus asked. \"When my mother was head of the council in her time, I kinda took advantage of it...\" Drell chuckled sheepishly. \"I thought I could get away with anything I wanted 'cuz I was Maroot Batsworth's son... I was made fun of for a little while though since my mother never had a daughter and she gave the title to me after she retired.\" \"Good to know.\" Atticus said. Drell nodded. \"Wait, why would they make fun of you?\" Atticus asked. \"Uh, Head of the Witches Council is normally a female, but since my mother had me and I was an only child, she had no other option...\" Drell chuckled. \"I remember she used to pray for me to get married and have a daughter before I knew about Penelope's existence.\" \"Wow.\" Atticus said. \"I'm sure she'll listen to you...\" Drell folded his arms. \"Penny's been VERY sneaky lately and kind of mischievous... I mean, I'm surprised she doesn't bring that mortal boy she likes into the other realm and try to hide him behind my back.\" \"Oh, come on, she'd never do that.\" Atticus said. \"It wouldn't surprise me...\" Drell shrugged. \"Skippy always used to find stray mortals and try to bring them home with him to become his pets.\" \"Yikes.\" Atticus said. \"Yeah, mortals will enter in Skippy's care but they will NEVER leave...\" Drell said in a haunting tone of voice. \"Now...\" he then said normally. \"I'm just curious, if you were to punish Penelope, what sort of things would you do?\" \"Turn her into a mouse or possibly find a way to take away her powers for an entire month.\" Atticus said. \"Hm...\" Drell smirked. \"That's actually pretty impressive... Anyway, I'll call you when I need you... But pleasure doing business with ya...\" he then stood up and held out his right hand. Atticus shook his hand back. \"Thank you, sir.\" \"Oh, I think you might be what I'm looking for...\" Drell approved. \"Well, I'm happy to have helped you, sir.\" Atticus smiled. \"Indeed...\" Drell nodded. \"Uh, where is Penelope now anyway?\" Atticus asked. \"I told Zelda to talk with her about the consequences of her actions...\" Drell smirked. \"Penny's probably whimpering with forgiveness and hunger by now...\" \"I believe you would be correct.\" Atticus smirked. \"You can go, I'll handle her for now,\" Drell said to Atticus. \"Hope you had fun with your family.\" \"Oh, yes, sir...\" Atticus nodded. \"I'll talk to you later.\" Drell nodded back, he then transported away while Atticus went back home. \"What do you like better for your father, Penelope?\" Hilda asked as she wore a blue dress with pink flowers on it. \"The teal or the aqua?\" Penelope banged her head against the table. \"The one you're wearing, the teal...\" she mumbled out in total boredom. \"This is aqua, dear.\" Zelda told her. \"This is torture...\" Penelope moaned. \"This is my favorite punishment ever!\" Hilda cheered in victory. Drell appeared next to his wife, agreeing. \"GAH! Don't look at me, this is supposed to be a surprise!\" Hilda giggled and ran off out of the kitchen, passing Salem on the couch who was watching his stories, his eyes glued to the TV that he didn't even notice or had time to make a smart remark as usual. \"Hello, Penelope.\" Drell greeted. Penelope slowly looked up, looking like a zombie. \"Help... Me...\" she mouthed to her father, feeling like she had been aggressively tormented. \"Hmm... I don't know.\" Drell smiled. \"Please...\" Penelope begged. \"I'll do anything...\" \"How was she?\" Drell asked Zelda. \"She's going to do something similar to what my students are currently doing,\" Zelda firmly folded her arms. \"She's going to write a ten page essay BY HAND about the difference of right and wrong when listening to her father.\" \"Ten pages!?\" Penelope shrieked. \"Okay, I think she's learned her lesson for now.\" Drell said while clearing his ear. \"Thank you...\" Penelope breathed in relief, then wobbily got out of the chair and seemed to stumble a little. \"Jeez, Zelda, what'd you do to her?\" Drell laughed. \"I'm a college professor, remember?\" Zelda folded her arms with a smirk. \"My lectures don't stop until I decide they stop!\" \"Ohh, so that's how you get respect from your students.\" Drell said. \"Well, of course...\" Zelda smiled, proud of herself. \"Luckily I'm not a college student...\" Penelope mumbled to herself. Zelda looked to Penelope. \"I mean it, young lady, I want a hand-written essay and don't even THINK about using magic!\" she then scolded. \"I count that as plagiarism and that's a big no no, especially in the college world. I trust it to be completed and done by the next time we have a family get together now since we're family.\" \"What're you talking about?\" Penelope replied. \"My dad married your sister...\" \"Yes, and that makes me your step-aunt,\" Zelda firmly replied, then frowned. \"Golly, that makes me sound evil...\" \"You said it, not me.\" Penelope said like a smart aleck. \"Don't get started.\" Drell warned. \"Yes, sir...\" Penelope said then. \"Good...\" Drell put his arm around her. \"Now, let's get you home so you can fill out an essay for your Aunt Zelda, huh?\" \"Great...\" Penelope groaned. \"Just great...\" Drell laughed and walked off with her. \"See ya later, Hilda!\" \"See ya, Drelly!\" Hilda called back. 'At least I don't have to be watched over by Atticus now.' Penelope thought to herself.[Chapter 14] Drell sent Penelope straight to her home and he flopped against his bed, which weighed it down slightly. Darla was very proud of herself, she looked at the trunk that she kept in her basement and looked at the older clothes she had and decided that they needed better homes, so she collected them and piled them in a box in the Fudo garage for an upcoming sale if there would be any. \"Hey, sis.\" Jessica smiled. \"Hey,\" Darla looked back with a smile. \"Whatcha up to?\" Jessica asked. \"Oh, I just thought some of these old clothes of mine could be better off somewhere else,\" Darla suggested. \"Start a brand new chapter in my life.\" \"That's very mature of you, little sis.\" Jessica smiled. \"Yeah...\" Darla smiled, feeling proud of herself. \"I think it's officially start the first day of the rest of my life.\" \"I agree.\" Jessica smiled. Darla then took out the really and obviously valuable things to keep. She took out her teddy bear and the photograph of her biological family. Every time she looked at the photo, she just needed to hug it. \"You gonna be okay?\" Jessica asked. Darla took a deep breath. \"I'm okay...\" she said softly, she actually did not cry this time, but she still deeply missed her birth parents. \"I'm always here if you ever need me.\" Jessica said. Darla nodded. \"Thank you, Jessie.\" Jessica ruffled up Darla's hair and walked off to do her own thing. Darla looked around, and closed the one box with her older clothes for now and decided to do the same. Meanwhile, Atticus and Patrick began to make enough room for them to rough house in the living room. Amber fanned her face, slightly panting as she felt very hot today in the backyard. \"Man... I know people hate winter, but I wish I could have some snow just for one day...\" She then saw Atticus and Patrick in the living room next door and where to her surprise, Atticus began to wrestle with his father. She did a double take and looked away, mysteriously and curiously. What was going on in the Fudo house? She then sighed as she was having heat frustration and started to miss the joys of a cold winter's day, such as snowball fights, building snowman, and sledding through the white and fluffy abundance that children found joy out of and adults found annoyance from. However, as she stared up at the sky, thinking of snow, it seemed as though somehow, her wishes had been granted. \"Today is really weird...\" Amber said to herself. Patch watched Atticus and Patrick, acting like a referee. Atticus was now in a headlock by his own father and was now being attacked by a plow-driver. Emily decided to talk on the phone in the backyard with one of her friends since Atticus and Patrick were busy in the house. The plow-driver made the house shake due to the impact. \"Oh, don't worry about that, there hasn't been an earthquake in this area in decades...\" Emily said to her friend who obviously heard or felt the shake. \"Now, where were we?\" Atticus and Patrick had the most fun they ever had in their lives together, especially now with Patrick as strong as his own son. \"Maybe your children will be as strong as you one day.\" Patrick smiled to his only son. \"Yeah.\" Atticus smiled before he began to try to get himself free. Patrick laughed, he then let go of Atticus and looked out the window and did a double take. \"You all right, Dad?\" Atticus asked. \"Yeah, but... Is it my imagination or is it snowing outside...?\" Patrick asked. \"I thought winter was over...\" \"Snowing?\" Atticus asked, confused. Everybody looked to see it was snowing outside. Amber was relieved and surprised, but she laughed as she embraced the snow as she stood in her yard with overjoy. \"Where did this snow come from?\" Atticus asked. \"Amber...?\" Darla came to her best friend's house. \"Um... Do you see what I see?\" \"Uh-huh...\" Amber laughed. \"I just wanted to cool off and then this snow came from nowhere!\" \"Wait, you wanted to cool off and this snow appeared?\" Atticus asked after coming outside. \"I wonder... Amber, point one of your hands over to your right.\" Darla glanced to her big brother, but she saw that look in his eye and let him work. \"Which one?\" Amber asked. \"Either one...\" Atticus shrugged. \"Uh, how about the hand you write with?\" \"Hmm... My right hand.\" Amber said. \"Okay...\" Atticus took her right hand gently, then looked at the palm, there was no star. \"No, you're not a witch... You remind me of a book I once read though about The Snow Queen... Amber, do you know any of your ancestry?\" \"I know that I have very distant relatives from Europe,\" Amber replied. \"One of them was from Russia biologically, the Grand Duchess Anastasia who was the Empress's granddaughter and her only living relative after Rasputin killed the others... Plus, I have ancestors from a land called Aredendale.\" \"Cool, alright, so then focus on making a snowman on your right hand, but without actually making it by hand.\" Atticus said. Amber slowly shut her eyes and concentrated as she let her right hand do as Atticus instructed to prove his theory and where he was correct as a snowman was built as if by magic. \"A snowman...\" Darla cooed. Amber came behind the snowman and made the twig arms dance as she made a goofy cartoonish voice. \"Hi, Darla, I'm Olaf!\" \"Hello, Olaf, it's nice to meet you.\" Darla giggled. \"Olaf?\" Atticus asked curiously. \"Yeah, I like that name...\" Amber smiled as she had fun with Darla. \"Uh, enjoy your snow day, girls...\" Atticus chuckled, then went back inside the house. \"Why is it snowing?!\" Emily flailed out. \"Winter's over!\" \"It's because Amber has powers of winter.\" Atticus told his mother. Emily looked to him. \"Do you suppose Amber could be a descendant of Queen Elsa and Anna?\" Atticus looked to his mother. \"It actually reminds me of The Snow Queen, I read that book at the orphanage once... I think I still have it, since I liked reading it so much, the caretaker let me keep it when Cinderella's father adopted me and Cherry.\" \"That story is true,\" Emily said. \"The Snow Queen is based off the two sisters of Ardendale, one was a pure mortal and the other had the powers of winter who was ironically born during the summer.\" \"Wow.\" Atticus smiled. \"It truly happened...\" Emily smiled. \"How do you know about it?\" Atticus asked, curiously. \"My father told us about it, he witnessed it himself.\" Emily explained. \"Cool, maybe we should go and witness it ourselves.\" Atticus smiled. \"Maybe...\" Emily shrugged. \"Mom, you know we can do that,\" Atticus said. \"You let us do it to visit Aunt Athena.\" Emily sighed, remembering that. \"I know...\" \"Let's see if you can make snow pillars while I start jumping.\" Darla suggested. \"I'll try...\" Amber giggled. Darla nodded. \"Oh, hang on a sec, we better get our coats.\" \"Yeah...\" Amber agreed once she saw goosebumps on her best friend's arms. The two little girls quickly ran inside, then came out in their winter coats with scarves, gloves, and boots. \"Okay, on your mark, get set... GO!\" Amber said as she made snow pillars which had Darla jump as they agreed upon, having a lot of fun with their random snow day. And where Darla started to jump higher and faster. Both girls laughed as they were having the best time they ever had in the times they had known each other from when Darla was the new girl in school and Amber was kind enough to be her friend. But Amber soon began to have trouble keeping up with Darla as she continued to jump. \"Slow down!\" Amber cried. \"Keep up with me!\" Darla giggled. Amber tried her best to keep up with Darla as she seemed to go much quicker than anticipated, but then, Amber tripped and fell backwards. Darla kept going. Amber accidentally let a shot get out and it struck Darla on the cheek. Darla yelped and was instantly frozen and fell into the slushy snow pile. \"DARLA!\" Amber gasped in fear and worry for her best friend. Atticus overheard Amber's cry and ran back outside to find out what was going on. Amber knelt down beside Darla and tried to wake up her best friend. \"What happened?\" Atticus asked. \"I-I'm not sure...\" Amber replied. \"We were playing, and then... She just...\" Darla was frozen and couldn't seem to wake up. \"W-What do we do?\" Amber asked. \"I'm sure she's fine...\" Atticus tried to keep calm, after all, whoever was with a child that panicked often led the child to freak out. \"But she's frozen!\" Amber panicked. \"Uhh...\" Atticus wasn't sure what to do. \"Umm... MOM!\" \"Yes, dear?\" Emily asked, coming out before seeing Darla frozen. \"Oh, dear...!\" \"I didn't mean to... I just... I don't know why or how it happened...\" Amber felt guilty. \"We need to go back in time and find out how to unfreeze her.\" Emily said. \"Isn't time travel kinda dangerous?\" Amber asked. \"Don't worry, we time traveled before, Mom knows how to, she did it so we could meet her sister.\" Atticus reassured. \"I'll be right back...\" Emily said, she then found a blanket and wrapped Darla in it to keep her warm for now and rushed into the house. Will they be able to find a to unfreeze Darla in the past or will she be frozen forever? To Be Continued... ","Summary":" A/N: I've gotten requests for this story up my butt, so far up my butt, it's time to dump it out. I"},{"Movie":"Last Samurai","Title":"Duty","Author":"The Avid Musician","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6093788","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: not mine. Chapter One A Japanese man, a great samurai leader, Katsumoto sat mediating peacefully on top of a large hill. Quite suddenly, a vision came to him. A white tiger, fierce and fearless, fought against an encircling ring of samurai. Its eyes were like fire. A spear with a banner hanging from it of samurai make and design stabbed forward in a vicious attack. A beautiful, young woman laying in a pile of cherry blossoms. The flowers were in her hair and all around her as she slept peacefully, beautiful and serene as those blossoms. Katsumoto opened his eyes in surprise. It was a shadow of things yet to come. ooooooooooo A black-haired, small woman walked down the gangplank to Hokohama Harbour, her bag in hand. She looked around her, admiring the beauty of the busy dock. \"Miss? Do you know where a Mr. M. Hasegawa is? He was to be on this ship,\" a man in a cream suit and hat said. He looked to be about 45 years old. \"That is me. I assume you're Mr. Simon Graham,\" she said, looking him over quickly with her dark eyes. \"The linguist? Omura said he would send his best translator,\" Graham started. \"That is me. There is no better Japanese translator at court,\" she said, smiling slightly. \"But you're a woman! How were you at court?\" Graham asked. \"My father is Sangi Hasegawa Sumiyoshi,\" she pointed out tersely. \"The Privy Councilor? Oh, good lord! I had no idea he had a daughter!\" he said, his slightly, English accent becoming clear. \"My name is Miyuki,\" she said kindly. \"Well, Miss Miyuki, this is certainly a surprise. You'll be assisting Captain Algren, Colonel Bagley, General Hasegawa-... Wait...Are you related to General Hasegawa as well?\" \"Yes. He is my grandfather,\" Miyuki said. \"Good lord...Anyway... You will be assisting Captain Algren, Colonel Bagley, Sergeant Gant, your grandfather, and mw while we train the Japanese army,\" he said, taking her bag from her. \"Thank you, Mr. Graham,\" she said, inclining her head slightly before continuing to walk. \"Do you perchance know any other languages aside from Japanese and English?\" Mr. Graham asked as they walked along the dock. \"I know German, Chinese, French, and a smattering of Latin,\" she said, nodding. \"Oh, capital! Miss, a word or two of German!\" he pleaded enthusiastically. \"Mr. Graham, might I enquire as to where exactly we are going?\" she asked quickly. \"Oh, of course, Miss Hasegawa! Captain Algren, Sergeant Gant, and Colonel Bagley are arriving on a ship in about ten minutes. After that, we have an audience with the Emperor himself!\" he informed her excitedly. \"Now, Mr. Graham, which language would you like to hear?\" she asked, continuing on. \"I haven't heard German in some time. Just say 'hello', or 'good-bye',\" he said, obviously terribly excited. \" Hallo. Mein Name ist Miyuki. Wie geht's?\" she said quickly. \"Is 'hello' really that long in German?\" he asked, confused. \"Not at all. I said, 'Hello. My name is Miyuki. How are you?'\" \"Oh, capital! That's simply capital!\" he exclaimed, giddy. \"Mr. Graham, is that the ship?\" she asked, gesturing to the next ship on the docks. Many people were disembarking, including what looked to be three American officers: a white-haired Scottish-looking man, a blonde man that gave her a bad feeling, and a brown-haired man with haunted eyes. \"Those are the men!\" Mr. Graham exclaimed excitedly, looking directly at the very three men she had been staring at. The pair hurried forward to the end of the gangplank to meet the officers. All three stopped for introductions when they saw the pair in front of them. Mr. Graham spoke first, saying, \"Gentlemen, this is Miss Miyuki Hasegawa. She'll be translating with me. Miss Hasegawa, these are Mr. Gant, Colonel Bagley, and Captain Algren.\" He gestured to the three men in turn. The white haired gentleman was Mr. Gant. He seemed kind enough. Colonel Bagley was the blonde man. The haunted man was Captain Algren. She nodded to each gentlemen and said, \"Pleasure to meet you, Gentlemen.\" \"And you as well, Miss Hasegawa,\" Mr. Grant said kindly. His Scottish accent was quite evident. \"Hello,\" Algren said bluntly, nodding to her. \"Mr. Graham, can I speak to you in private?\" Colonel Bagley asked, cutting without evening saying a word to her. She noticed then that his voice was authoritative, as though he was quite used to command. The Colonel pulled the other translator quickly to the side and demanded, \"What is a woman doing as a translator for the army?\" \"The Emperor felt that one translator was insufficient. However, he wanted someone of Japanese origin. Omura chose the best translator at court,\" Mr. Graham said, explaining quickly. \"A woman is their best translator ?\" Bagley said, disbelieving. He looked back at the remaining three. Miyuki was laughing at something Mr. Gant had said while Algren watched the two, clearly wishing he was somewhere else. \"She's General Hasegawa's granddaughter,\" Mr. Graham said, also looking at her. \"The Privy Councillor? Why would they send her here?\" Bagley demanded. \"She knows all of the Generals,\" Mr. Graham said bluntly. Bagley sighed and thought for a second before saying, \"Make sure she stays by you.\" Mr. Graham nodded and the two returned to the group.[Chapter 2] Chapter Two Algren, Bagley, Mr. Graham, and Miyuki stood outside the Emperor's audience chamber, waiting to go inside. The two translators kept fussing about the way they looked, for each knew what a great honour this was and wanted to look their best. Despite Miyuki's previous life at court, she knew she had to look her best, if only for the Emperor's honour. The two military men, on the other hand, were completely silent as they stood, unmoving. Suddenly, the door opened and they were allowed inside. Mr. Graham talked to the military men through the ritual of meeting the Emperor. Miyuki already knew the ritual, so she followed it alongside the three men without the help of Mr. Graham's instruction. Finally, the bowed in front of the Emperor at the closest they would likely be allowed. They stood up and Omura said, as per ritual, \"The Divine Emperor Meiji bids you welcome. He is grateful for the assistance your country offers. We hope to accomplish the same national harmony you enjoy in your homeland.\" The Emperor spoke out then, saying, \" Omura , ask them of the American Indians.\" Miyuki smiled slightly upon hearing this, but she quickly wiped her face of all emotion when she remembered that she was in court. Omura continued to question Bagley and Algren about the American Indians on the Emperor's behalf. No one noticed her quick change in expression. Bagley answered the first set of questions. The Emperor then asked, \" Ask Captain Algren if it is true that they wear eagle feathers, paint their faces before battle and that they have no fear?\" Again, she smiled, but wiped away the expression. Omura did not notice. He merely translated quickly for the Emperor. However, she had the feeling that Sachi, Emperor Meiji that is, noticed her change in expression. She hoped he did not disapprove of her because of that. However, she did not let that bother her, for this was the first time she had heard Algren speak. \"They are very brave,\" he said simply. She and Mr. Graham glanced at each other and he nodded at her, signalling that she should translate. She bowed her head slightly and translated it to Japanese. After she finished speaking, the Emperor stood up on his throne, astonishing the two translators who knew Japanese customs. Mr. Graham said for the two officers' benefit, \"Bow.\" She already knew and was bowing half a second before them. In her peripheral vision, Miyuki could see that the Emperor had gotten down from his dais. That alone greatly surprised. Against her better judgment, Miyuki looked up slightly at the Emperor. She saw the Algren was doing the same. The Emperor looked at the two of them before saying in somewhat halting English, \"Thank you very much.\" He surprised them still further by bowing to them. She bowed lower still, and Mr. Graham told the others to as well. The three of them waited for the Emperor to ascend to his dais again before standing up straight and exiting in the proper, ritualistic fashion. oooooooooooooo Later that same day, the five of them went out to the training fields to begin the training of the Japanese army. They went to stand in front of the new recruits that stood quite disorderly in ragged lines. Mr. Gant yelled out some rather obscene things to them, which none of them understood but which made them at least pay better attention. Not much later, they all stood at attention in lines. \"Well done, Sergeant,\" she heard Algren comment. Miyuki snorted, but at a look from Mr. Graham, quickly quieted down. \"When ye understand the language, Sir, everythin' falls intuh place,\" he commented in his Scottish accent. Algren walked forward and began to walk along the first rank of the new recruits. At a look from Mr. Graham, Miyuki followed and translated for him. \"The first rank will kneel, rifles at the ready,\" Algren yelled out. Quickly, she yelled the translation. He kept ordering the soldiers, while she kept yelling out the translations. That day, and every day for six months, continued like that, though by the second day she had several pairs of men's clothing. She rather liked the news boy hats, though it made it impossible to put her hair up. oooooooooooooo It soon became apparent that General Hasegawa and most of the Japanese were far more comfortable having Miyuki translate than Mr. Graham, most likely because she looked much like them. Only Mr. Graham knew that they were comfortable with her because she was Hasegawa's granddaughter, and Hasegawa commanded enormous respect, so she did as well. A few days into the training, Algren motioned for her to follow so that he could speak with Hasegawa. \"What can the General tell me about this man, this samurai, Katsumoto?\" Algren asked. Quickly, she spoke to Hasegawa in his, and her, native tongue. He answered and she quickly translated. It continued like that for several minutes as Algren attained much information about the samurai, though Algren clearly did not know that Hasegawa was samurai. He continued by asking a most controversial question, \"Who supplies their arms?\" She translated to Hasegawa who gave a response, though she already knew the answer. Either way, she said to Algren, \"Katsumoto no longer dishonours himself by using firearms.\" Algren looked greatly surprised. He asked to clarify, \"He uses no firearms?\" \"Katsumoto follows the old ways. To them he is a hero ,\" she said with a slight smile, giving away that she had grown up learning of the great samurai. \"How well does he know this man?\" Algren asked bluntly. \"The General and Katsumoto fought together for the Emperor,\" she clarified. \"He fought with the samurai?\" Algren asked, not believing his own ears. How does he not know? \"He is samurai,\" she said, frowning slightly. Algren turned to look at Hasegawa, a speculative look on his face. Hasegawa bowed his head slightly to Algren, showing his pride in being a samurai. ooooooooooooo Later that evening, Miyuki, Mr. Graham, and Algren met together to speak of the Japanese. Mr. Graham stood on one side of the room saying, \"You must understand, Katsumoto pledged his sword to defend the emperor. The say a samurai's sword is his soul. They're paradoxical people, samurai. I've been trying to write a book about it for years, but they keep very much to themselves.\" He sat down as he spoke. She stood off to the side of the room, sipping a glass of water as she leaned comfortably against the wall. \"You may ask me any of your questions. I grew up hearing stories of them.\" \"Thank you,\" Mr. Graham said sincerely. Gant stepped forward and said, \"The bastards are still wearin' armour.\" He laughed as he finished speaking. Miyuki merely rolled his eyes while Mr. Graham said, \"Yes, and while the Irish were still comporting themselves in loin cloths, these chaps were already the most sophisticated warriors on Earth.\" For this little speech, Miyuki caught Mr. Graham's eye and smiled gratefully, for he had defended her culture. \"I need more detailed information of their battle tactics,\" Algren said, leaning forward with a knife in hand that he had been using to peel an apple. \"I have more books just waiting to be translated, thanks to Hasegawa,\" Mr. Graham said, gesturing to her. She bowed her head slightly before taking another drink. \"Oh, the Captain'll be speakin' the lingo in no time! You should hear him blatherin' on in Blackfoot,\" Gant said. \"Really? Another linguist? Oh, capital! Oh, come on, Sir. A word or two in the savage tongue. Just 'hello' or 'good-bye', or no! No! No! 'Cut his tongue out and boil him in oil',\" Mr. Graham said eagerly. Miyuki hid her face at the tactlessness of Mr. Graham's little speech. \"Careful there, Mr. Graham. There's a lady present,\" Gant insisted. Miyuki merely rolled her eyes and said insistently, \"Don't listen to him, Mr. Graham. I come from a culture with ritual suicide.\" \"Early day tomorrow, Cap'in. It's about bed time, isn' it?\" Gant said after a couple seconds of silence, hinting to Mr. Graham to drop the subject. \"I've always had a dread fascination with scalping. I never quite understood its technique,\" Mr. Graham said enthusiastically. Miyuki stared at him for a second in shock. How can he possibly be so tactless? She looked from Mr. Graham, to Algren, to Gant, and back again. When her eyes met Gant's, her eyebrows rose, as did his. Algren began to speak, and Miyuki dreaded what his mood would be after this as soon as he began to speak. He said, \"Imagine someone who hates you with the utmost intensity grabbing a handful of your hair while you lay prostrate and helpless.\" \"O,\" Mr. Graham said as though the way Algren was speaking was merely for theatrical effect. He chuckled, too. Algren stood with a strange look in his eyes. He wants Mr. Graham to understand some of what he went through . \"Then scraping a dull blade of a rusty knife around your scalp with a saw-like motion…And let your imagination grasp, if you can, Mr. Graham, the effect of a strong, quick jerk,\" Algren continued, walking slowly closer to grab Mr. Graham's hair as demonstration. He put the point of a knife at Mr. Graham's throat. \"On the turf of your hair, to release any clinging particles would have on your nervous system,\" he continued. Miyuki set her drink down and put her head in her hands, shaking it in shock of such tactlessness. \"You'll have some idea of how it feels to be scalped…Mr. Graham,\" Algren finished, releasing Mr. Graham. Mr. Graham continued to smile for a little longer. However, Algren was staring him down. His smile soon faded as he realized what he had done. \"How soon can you translate those books?\" Algren asked, clearly not in a good mood. \"Right away,\" Mr. Graham said, trying to smile again. \"Just delighted you're taking such an interest in samurai,\" he said with a smile as he put a hand on his scalp nervously. \"I don't give a damn about the samurai. I wanna know my enemy,\" Algren said, sitting down and taking a long drink of his sake. \"I shall not sleep until it is done,\" Mr. Graham said uncomfortably. \"Ah,\" he said as Algren threw back a shot of liquor. He stood up and said in recognition, \"Sake… I bid you good night.\" He walked away, though before exiting the room, he turned to her and said, \"Good night, Miss Hasegawa.\" \"Please call me Miyuki when in private,\" she said with a nod, taking a drink so she would not have to meet his eyes. A second later, she nodded to Gant and said, \"Good night, Mr. Gant.\" \"And good night to you, Lass,\" he said good-naturedly, smiling a little. Finally, she turned to Algren. \"Mr. Algren, I apologize for Mr. Graham's tactless questions. Good night,\" she said. He did not look up, but he nodded, at least acknowledging that she was there. Miyuki left straightaway after that, uncomfortable being around a moody Captain.[Chapter 3] Chapter Three A few days later, the army was given firearms. Truthfully, Miyuki was nearly scared senseless of these untrained recruits being allowed such a lethal weapon. \"I suppose we should be grateful they're all firing in the same direction ,\" Algren said, watching them fire. \"Couldn't have put it better myself, Sir,\" Gant said supportively. Miyuki raised her eyebrows instead of laughing. Algren went over to personally teach one of the recruits how to shoot. As he did that, Miyuki noticed Bagley, Omura, Mr. Graham, and Hasegawa walking toward them. \"Captain Algren,\" she said quietly, drawing her attention to the men coming. \"Nathan!\" Bagley called a second later. Miyuki winced, knowing Algren did not think much of the man who used to be, and was again, his commander. She and Nathan walked over to the little group, and Bagley said, \"Katsumoto has attacked a railroad at the border of his province.\" She squeezed her eyes shut so she would not imagine what the damage what look like. \"We cannot govern a country in which we cannot travel freely. He must be stopped now. My railroad is a priority for this country,\" Omura said. Algren looked over at the recruits for a little while. He shook his head and said, \"They're not ready.\" \"The rebels don't have a single rifle. They're savages with bows and arrows,\" Bagley said. Miyuki pursed her lips at his insult to her culture. \"Whose sole occupation for the last thousand years has been war,\" Algren pointed out. \"You have superior fire power and a larger force. I am ordering the regiment to move against the rebel Katsumoto. Track down and engage him,\" Bagley said, not even trying to reason with Algren. Algren glared at him for a second before turning around and going to the shooting targets. As he did, he told the same soldier to load. A little later, he called out, \"Miss Hasegawa, tell this man to fire at me.\" \"I beg your pardon,\" she said, staring at him in shock. \"Tell this man, if he does not shoot me, I will kill him,\" Algren yelled, cocking his gun and aiming at the man. She raised her eyebrows for a second before saying the same to the man in Japanese. When she finished, she threw Gant a pointed look. \"Captain, if I might have a word,\" Gant said tactfully. However, Algren fired at the man who nearly trembled in fear, but did not load. \"Load!\" Algren yelled, firing a shot that took the man's hat off. Finally, the man began to load, fear making him fumble a lot with his equipment. \"Faster! Faster!\" Algren yelled before firing another shot. The man finally finished loading and took aim at Algren. He looked extremely hesitant and fearful. \"Fire!\" Algren yelled after several seconds of no action, \"Fire! Ute! Ute!\" He fired another shot. The man fired. It hit the hay bales behind Algren. The Captain lowered his arm, and for a couple seconds looked much like he regretted not getting shot. Miyuki shook her head in compassion for the man. Algren walked back. As he passed the recruit, he clapped him on the shoulder. When he passed Bagley, he said, \"They're not ready.\" \"The regiment leaves at 6am!\" Bagley yelled. Miyuki shook her head and made to follow Algren. However, as she passed Bagley he caught her arm and said in passing, \"Take care where your loyalties lie.\" She merely pulled her arm out from his grasp and kept walking, Mr. Gant not far behind. Miyuki went straight back to her quarters and packed her journal, a single book written in French. She was prepared to ride to the railroad, she thought.[Chapter 4] Chapter Four Miyuki was, quite frankly, terrified of being at the battlefield. She knew that she could very well die. Because of this, she had taken to heart Algren's suggestion of dressing in a uniform. Thus far, it had comforted her that she could at least move about freely rather than be encumbered by the impractical kimonos she had worn in court. She rolled her eyes, hearing Bagley and Algren fighting verbally again . They argued about whether to stay or leave. However, she heard Bagley say that he would be at the rear of the army. Hmmm…Who do I stay with? The nice alcoholic or the shifty Colonel? The front or the rear? \"Mr. Graham, Miss Hasegawa, you will accompany me to the rear,\" the Colonel said authoritatively. \"I need a translator!\" Algren exclaimed quickly. She and Mr. Graham looked at each other for a second. They knew that despite his being a man, Mr. Graham stood much less of a chance of surviving the battle in the front. She nodded resignedly, and Mr. Graham left for the rear. Algren yelled for the soldiers to load, she yelled not a second later, \" Fuka !\" A few seconds later, she saw mounted figures in the mist. Panic set in for her. \"Assume fire positions!\" Algren ordered. \" Hassha no ichi wo toru!\" she yelled, translating. Algren suddenly turned to her and said in an authoritative voice, \"Stay behind the first five ranks.\" She nodded and quickly complied. She really did not want to be a part of this battle, but she knew she would do better up at the front than Mr. Graham would have. This gave her at least a small measure of comfort. The shapes in the mist got closer. The helmets and weapons of the samurai became distinct, dark shapes against the mist, striking fear into many of the men's hearts. \"Fire on my order only!\" Algren yelled. \" Faia chumon nomi!\" she yelled, again translating his order. Her voice was going hoarse because her throat was closing from fear. In the semi-silence, a soldier fired a single shot at the samurai. All of the other soldiers began to fire, despite Algren's order not to. Algren began to yell at the men, telling them to hold their ammo, but it was too late. The fight had started. Miyuki quickly rode across the back of the line of soldiers, away from the samurai charge. Her speed caused her hat to fly off, exposing her long, womanly hair. Her instincts were right. As the soldiers reloaded, the samurai rode into the confused mass, killing most. Algren, Gant, and about twenty soldiers held their ground against the samurai while the rest retreated. In that moment, Miyuki wondered what would happen to her if the rest of them retreated. Should I go with the retreating troops or stay with Algren? Will I somehow find the army again? Will the samurai find me and kill me? She turned her attention back to the battle only to see Gant skewered on a samurai spear. He still struggled. The samurai got off his horse, went back, and stabbed him with his sword, killing him. She looked away from the bloody scene, not wanting to see her friend killed by some samurai in red armour. She turned her attention back to Algren. One of the samurai, rode into his horse, knocking his horse over. He recovered quickly by getting up and pulling a samurai from his horse by the spear. One of the horsemen noticed her then. He rode straight at her, ready to skewer her with his lance. However, that spooked her horse. He reared on onto his hind legs. The horse's hooves bashed the samurai's head in, throwing Miyuki from his back in the process. When she fell, she hit her head hard, knocking her unconscious. Algren continued to fight, unaware of what had just happened. Though the weapon was unfamiliar, he fought off four samurai for some time. He managed to kill some, but more came. A group of samurai rode directly under the tree, straight towards Algren. The leader wore much more ornate armour than the rest of them, and his helmet was larger. It was Katsumoto. The group stopped and Katsumoto dismounted. He took the face guard away from his face to look more closely at Algren as he fought, studying him. The eye of the tiger, vicious and fierce… After a little bit, Algren grew fatigued and stopped his attack. He knelt on the ground in exhaustion. One samurai, the same one that had killed Gant, came forward and said in Japanese, \"He's mine.\" The samurai sliced through Algren's spear and kicked him to the ground. He stepped forward to stand over Algren. He turned his sword, ready to run the American through. As the samurai's sword plunged downward, Algren stabbed upward with the broken end of the spear. The spear entered flesh first, killing the Japanese warrior instantly. The dead samurai fell off of Algren, and the remaining warriors circling the captain ran in to kill him. Katsumoto quickly said, \" Stop!\" The warriors backed off. Only then did he turn back to Algren. He walked forward to Algren as the same samurai grabbed her and placed her on the horse. He remounted behind her and watched the scene unfold. Katsumoto looked down at Algren and said in Japanese, \"Take him away!\" A couple samurai pulled Algren away as Katsumoto bent beside the body of the samurai with the red armour. He looked up in thought, but something caught his eye. A horse stood not thirty feet from him. It was gently prodding something with its nose. A hand reached up from the ground and grasped the reigns. Someone was still alive! Quickly, Katsumoto stood and walked over to the horse. A few of his samurai followed. The figure stood. He was wearing an American uniform, but he was very slender. Something was off about the hair and face. Katsumoto just couldn't tell what. Soon, he was within ten feet of the figure. It was obvious then what the difference was. Her hair was very long and black. She was Japanese, with superbly white skin and eyes as black as night. Her features were delicate and beautiful. She was swaying on her feet, like she was dizzy. Even as he walked closer, she fell to the ground, unconscious again. Katsumoto said, \" Ujio, take her back to the village.\" He then remounted. The group rode a little ways through the forest to a group of samurai in a circle. In the centre, General Hasegawa stood, waiting. The samurai leader dismounted and went to talk with Hasegawa. He returned a little later to speak with Ujio. By this time, Miyuki was just beginning to regain consciousness. Ujio noticed that her head no longer rested on the neck of her horse and said harshly, \"Stay here.\" She nodded weakly, for she was too nauseous to move. He dismounted and went to the centre of the circle with Katsumoto. He would wash Katsumoto's blade before he cut off Hasegawa's head. The shame of defeat...Goodbye, Grandfather. May the ancestors welcome you... Miyuki watched in morbid fascination as her grandfather calmly unsheathed a small dagger and pointed it directly at his stomach. He pushed it into himself. Three seconds later, Katsumoto yelled and cut off his head, as per the ritual suicide. Katsumoto proceeded to bow to his dead body before going back to his horse along with Ujio. The whole group of samurai then rode off. Miyuki knew that by tradition, they would be returning to Katsumoto's village. She was right.[Chapter 5] Chapter Five When they arrived at the village, a few men pulled Algren down from his horse. They pushed him into a kneeling position and waited for Katsumoto. Ujio alighted from the horse in front of her before pulling her down from her horse. They walked over to stand by Algren. Katsumoto walked over to stand in front of Algren before asking him in English , \"What is your name?\" However, his English was halting and slow. Algren did not do anything. He just knelt there and looked up at Katsumoto, utterly exhausted. Ujio stepped forward from beside her and said angrily in Japanese, \" Insolent swine! Answer!\" He spit at Algren, but he still did absolutely nothing. This obviously angered Ujio because he drew his sword and brought it to Algren's neck in one fluid, quick movement. He stayed there for a couple of seconds, but Algren did not react at all. He wants to die. \"Leave him be,\" Katsumoto said in Japanese. Ujio moved his sword from Algren's neck slowly, but continued to stare at him for a little longer before sheathing his sword and walking away. He turned to her and asked the same question in Japanese, \" Anata no o namae wa nani desu ka ?\" \"Hasegawa Miyuki, hon'yaku sha ,\" she said, looking boldly right at him. ( Translator) He nodded, thinking. Soon, he said to her in Japanese, \" This is my son's village. We are deep in the mountains and the winter is coming. You cannot escape.\" She nodded to him. H merely turned and walked away. A younger samurai wearing golden armour kept studying her for a little longer. His face seemed somewhat similar to Katsumoto's. A moment later he said in a thick accent, \"Jolly good.\" And he followed Katsumoto. Miyuki then turned to Algren, relaying the message as Katsumoto and who she thought might be his son walked away. A woman came forward and ushered her into a nearby house. The samurai followed as well, bringing Algren into the house hopefully so his wounds could be treated. The woman led her to a room and said quietly, \" My name is Taka. This is your room. \" \" Thank you, Taka-sama,\" Miyuki returned, nodded her head and walking into the room. She sat and simply stared at the wall. In her mind, she sorted through the battle over and over again. Taka left and went, Miyuki now knew for sure, to care for Algren's wounds. oooooooooooo Over an hour later, Miyuki heard footsteps out in the main part of the house. She peeked her head out the sliding door and saw Katsumoto, now in a kimono walking over to the room Algren was being patched up in. He knelt beside the door and watched for a little bit. Uninterested, she returned to her solitude of leaning against the wall. A minute later, she heard a man's voice ask her, \" Do you know what these are?\" Miyuki looked toward the doorway of her room and saw Katsumoto kneeling there, holding out some books. \" Those are his journals,\" she answered simply, returning her gaze to the wall. \" Do you know English ?\" he asked, sounding slightly curious. \"Yes,\" she answered simply, confirming his hope. \" Could you…teach me it?\" he asked, sounding much like he did not want to ask it. \"How much do you know?\" she asked. \"Not much,\" he said haltingly. She nodded and said, \" If you wish.\" \" Why are you with the army?\" he asked. \" Omura wanted a second translator. General Hasegawa, my grandfather, and Hasegawa Shoji, the Emperor's Archivist and my father, suggested me,\" she said, explaining quickly. She neglected to mention that she came on the Emperor's request. Katsumoto fell silent for a second. In that time, Miyuki said, \"This is not much of a conversation. You keep asking questions, and I have not asked any.\" \" Please repeat that,\" he said, trying to understand English a bit better. She repeated it, this time slower. \" What is a con-ber-say-shun ?\" he asked. \" Kaiwa ,\" she said, translating. \"See, you help already,\" he said choppily. \"You mean that I have helped already,\" she said, correcting him without a second thought. \"Yes,\" he said after a moment of thought. \"Why did he not… kill …himself in… shame ?\" Katsumoto asked, reverting to Japanese on two words. \"The words are 'kill' and 'shame', and that is not our way. In America, most men do not know of honour,\" she explained quietly. A second later, he said, \"I have en-joyed this con-ver-sa-tion. We will speak a-gain some time,\" he said, getting up to leave. She did not move a muscle, for she was still quite sick from the head wound. oooooooooo That afternoon, it rained. Oh no, not merely rained. It poured like a monsoon. Thunder crashed overhead as lightning split the sky with light. Still Miyuki sat in the room, staring at the wall as she listened to the comforting sounds of nature's fury. As she sat, she heard light footsteps. She turned to look at the door, and, sure enough, a young boy no older than ten stood, staring at her. She smiled gently at him and said, \" My name is Miyuki. What is yours?\" \" Higan,\" he said quietly. \" How old are you, Higan?\" she asked, curious. \" Nine ,\" he answered. \" Well, I am 26,\" she said. He bowed to her and left. She merely smiled at the child. That evening, she dined with Higan, Taka, and the rest of their family. She knelt at the table and ate only when the rest of them began to. oooooooooo However as they ate, Taka said to Miyuki, \" Don't be afraid.\" Miyuki smiled gratefully at her and said, \" I believe I only know Taka and Higan. What are your names?\" She was talking to the younger boy and the samurai. \" My name is Nobutada,\" the samurai said politely. \" Magojiro,\" the young boy said enthusiastically. She smiled at the young boy and said, \" My name is Miyuki.\" Those introductions broke the ice, and both Higan and Magojiro spent the rest of dinner talking animatedly with her. ooooooooooo There would be little rest on this night for Miyuki, for the rain was so loud. Finally, she fell asleep. However, she was rudely awoken an hour later by a yell. She jumped to her feet only to fall to her knees in dizziness. Once she was no longer feeling sick, she listened to the yell. Almost immediately, she recognized the voice of Algren. It sounded like he was having a nightmare. Concerned, she crept through the silent house to Algren's room. She opened the door quietly and slipped inside. The Captain was yelling as he slept, trying to escape his nightmares. Miyuki hurried to his side and said quietly, \"Captain Algren! Algren! Nathan! It's just a dream!\" Seconds later, he sat bolt upright, staring at her with wild eyes. His arms wrapped around her quickly and he cried into her shoulder. Minutes later, he was asleep again. Only then did she try to break herself loose. She finally pulled his arms off her and crept silently back to her room. Tiredly, she lay down and was instantly asleep again.[Chapter 6] Chapter Six The next morning, Miyuki woke early in the morning. She rose and dressed herself before walking outside into the cold morning air. She looked around and saw that no one else was around yet. The sun was only partially up. It was dawn. She went to sit on the porch and enjoy the peace of the morning before she figured out what to do with her time here. Half an hour later, Taka came outside, dressed again in a plain kimono for work. She saw Miyuki and smiled slightly in greeting. Miyuki bowed her head to Taka before asking quietly, \" What can I do to help?\" Taka looked at her for a second, making sure she truly meant it. Only sincerity and honesty showed on her face, so from then on, Miyuki helped Taka with her work. oooooooooooo The following day, Ujio, Nobutada, and Katsumoto met at the temple. \" My lord, why do you spare the barbarian?\" Ujio asked, referring to Algren. \" He is shamed in defeat. He should kill himself.\" \" That is not their custom ,\" Katsumoto informed him, referring back to what Miyuki had said. After a few seconds of silence, Ujio said, \"Then… I will kill him…\" \" Father…I don't think …\" Nobutada began, stepping forward to object. He fell silent when he was met with his father's stare. \" Ujio, there will be plenty of killing to come,\" Katsumoto said after another few seconds of silence. \" For now, we will learn about our new enemy. Besides, would you have me kill the girl as well?\" \"Of course not, my lord!\" Ujio said quickly. Katsumoto nodded and began to walk away, but as he did, he said, \" Keep him alive.\" ooooooooooooo That evening, Miyuki sat on the porch for some time, watching the stars. Inside, Taka was stitching up Algren while Nobutada watched for a little bit. Apparently, Algren was conscious, for she heard him ask for sake. Nobutada laughed for a little bit. Miyuki strode in and asked, \" Did he ask for sake?\" \" Yes,\" he said, still laughing. \" Don't give it to him,\" she said simply, walking away. ooooooooooooo The day dawned bright and clear, and Taka insisted upon doing all of the house work herself for the day. What to do? What to do? Miyuki looked out at the valley from her place on the porch. Magojiro and Higan were play fighting with what looked like wooden practice swords. She had to smile at that, for poor Magojiro was still quite young and awkward. In front of various houses, women and children of different ages worked at many tasks necessary to the survival of the village. In yet another house, some men were making swords. Their method was the same one that had been used for hundreds of years. The resulting katana would be as deadly as any she had already seen in battle. It was too short to be a wakizashi. Out in the field a little farther from the house, many of the samurai were drilling with wooden swords. They had to maintain their skills for this rebellion, as well as for this way of life. The samurai's deadly dance was identical among all eight in this group that was practicing. The sword master led the drills, doing the same actions with his own sword. In another field farther yet away from the house, Miyuki could see Nobutada practicing his archery with a traditional yumi , a seven foot tall bow that took much strength to use. He let the arrow loose, and it hit the very center of the target. Amazing . After some further observations, Miyuki stood and walked toward the trees at the edge of the village. She saw a dirt road and made for it. Knowing the Japanese, it would likely lead to a temple. After more than ten minutes of walking, her speculation proved accurate. A large, wooden, temple stood before her, no doubt built at least a thousand years ago. She walked closer and heard the distant sound of monks, though her attention was more drawn to the cherry trees in the courtyard off to the side. She smiled again and walked over to them. Next, she turned her attention to the ancient wood-work of the temple. It was in the traditional Japanese style, stark yet artistic. The stairs were only fifteen feet away from her. Silently, she walked up them and began to look around the temple. She turned a corner and saw a large statue. However, a figure turned toward her from looking reverently at the statue. It was Katsumoto. She was so surprised that she could not speak. \" I am Katsumoto. This temple was built by y family a thousand years ago ,\" he said, walking toward her. \" Your men are very skilled ,\" she complimented. \"The skills were passed down through many gen-r-a-tions,\" he said, switching languages yet struggling with some words. \"Generations, you mean,\" she corrected quietly. \"I heard that Higan and Magojiro have grown quite… fond … of you,\" Katsumoto said. Miyuki smiled and dropped her head. After a couple of seconds, she looked up at him and said, \"They are very nice boys.\" He merely nodded stoically, beginning to walk towards her with his hands behind his back. When he was half way to her, he said, \"Taka said you were very willing to help her with her work.\" \"I feel bad staying in her house idly while she works so hard. I might as well help her with her work,\" Miyuki explained. \"She is quite kansha suru to you, though she may not say it,\" he said, reverting to Japanese for a word. \"Grateful,\" she said, smiling a little. \"Great-full,\" he said slowly, making sure he could pronounce the word. Miyuki nodded and said, \" Exactly.\" They both walked over to the courtyard. When the cherry trees were within view, Miyuki smiled and said, \"The trees recently bloomed.\" \"Have you seen cherry trees bloom before?\" he asked. \"When I was a child, I would play among them with-...,\" she said, smiling fondly as if dwelling in memory. However, she halted just before saying a name. Quite suddenly, she shook her head and said, \"I should go.\" She walked away before he could say another word.[Chapter 7] Chapter Seven For several days, Miyuki helped Taka with her work, occasionally play-fought with Magojiro and Higan, took walks, and watched the samurai practice with their weaponry. Each night, Algren would yell as he had nightmares of his service time back in America, and each night she would go quiet him. After three days, Miyuki was still going through the same process. However, Magojiro and Higan dragged her outside after a couple hours to join their 'fight'. After an hour spent playing with them, she had a quick lunch before going out to watch the samurai practice their art of weaponry. They were graceful and handled their weapons very well. As she watched them, she felt someone sit beside her in the field. She turned and, to her immense surprise, saw Algren, dressed and outside of the house. She smiled for a second before returning to watching the samurai practice their weaponry. After awhile, she grew tired of that and got up. She walked toward the edge of the village, noticing that Algren continued to watch the samurai. She simply walked for some time until she found the path again. She followed it again. oooooooooooo Miyuki walked silently into the temple. The now familiar structure was far from silent. The sounds of nature were all around, despite the fact that she was inside now. A lone voice prayed farther along the hallway. She could now recognize it as Katsumoto. She walked closer until he was in her line of sight. Soon after, he stopped his praying, waiting for her to speak. She simply said, \"He's awake.\" \"Is he recovering well?\" \" Physically, yes. Mentally, no,\" she said, switching to Japanese for she knew he would not be able to understand her if she had spoke in English. \"I will meet him,\" Katsumoto said, standing. \"He is quite fascinated by your men's swordsmanship and training,\" she said, remaining in place. \"Their what?\" he asked, clearly unsure as to what the words meant. She repeated what she had said in Japanese. \"He is studying us as I study him,\" he remarked. \"You mean 'am studying him',\" she corrected. \"Thank you,\" he said, though it was not out of annoyance. To her, it seemed to be completely out of the blue. \"For what?\" she asked. \"For helping me,\" he said simply, looking at her with the slightest of smiles on his face. \"You're welcome,\" she said in return, bowing her head slightly as was proper for the Japanese. \"Miyuki?\" a voice asked from the direction of the entrance. They both turned to see Captain Algren standing in the middle of the corridor. \"Algren?\" she exclaimed happily. She hurried over to him and pulled him by his hand over. \"Katsumoto, this is Captain Nathan Algren. Algren, this is Katsumoto,\" she said, introducing them. Katsumoto nodded slightly before saying, \"This temple was built by my family a thousand years ago.\" Algren stayed silent. After a few seconds, Katsumoto asked, \"Are my words not correct?\" A second later, Miyuki broke the silence by saying, \"They're fine. Now excuse me. I'm going to go help Taka.\" And she left. A few moments later, Katsumoto said, \"I will practice my English with you, if you would honour me.\" \"You kept me alive just to speak English?\" Algren asked before looking back at where Miyuki had gone. \"Or just because she was there?\" Katsumoto looked at him with a Japanese smile on his face. \"Then what'd you want?\" Algren asked. \"To know my enemy,\" Katsumoto returned. \"I've seen what you do to your enemies,\" Algren said. Katsumoto looked confused and asked, \"The warriors in your country do not kill?\" \"They don't cut the heads off defeated kneeling men,\" Algren said, his voice rising ust a hint in anger. \"General Hasegawa asked me to help him end his life. A samurai cannot stand the shame of defeat. I was honoured to cut off his head,\" Katsumoto corrected. \"Many of our customs seem strange to you, and the same is true with yours.\" But Miyuki's teaching me. \"For example, to not introduce yourself is considered extremely rude, even among enemies.\" \"Miyuki introduced me…Nathan Algren,\" he said after a second, getting the hint. \"I am honoured to meet you,\" Katsumoto said, bowing. \"I have enjoyed this conversation in your English.\" \"I have questions,\" Algren began. \"We have been introduced. This is a very good conversation,\" Katsumoto said, smiling. \"I have questions!\" Algren said louder. \"Questions come later,\" Katsumoto said, referring to his progress with Miyuki. \"Who was the warrior in the red armour?\" Algren asked. \"My brother-in-law, Hirotaro,\" Katsumoto said. \"And the woman who cares for me?\" Algren continued. \"My sister, Hirotaro's wife. Her name is Taka. Miyuki helps her with her work,\" Katsumoto said bluntly. \"I killed her husband?\" Algren said softly, horrified. \"It was a good death,\" Katsumoto said, being very much so Japanese at that point. And he left. ooooooooooo When Algren returned to the house, he remembered to leave his boots outside, finally. Miyuki heard his boots drop and said to Nobutada, \" He's here.\" Nobutada became excited. He hurried over to Algren and said, \" You! Come…Please…\" He led Algren to the table for the family's meal. Algren saw two boys, Taka, and Miyuki already sitting around the table and decided to sit as well. As Algren began to eat, Taka said softly to Nobutada, \" He smells like the pigs. Tell my brother I cannot stand this.\" \"Why don't you tell him?\" Nobutada asked. \" At least make him take a bath,\" Taka insisted. \" That's a great idea,\" Miyuki interjected. \" See?\" Taka said. Nobutada just chuckled Taka smiled at Algren and began to eat. A bit later, Magojiro made a rude face at Algren. Algren just stared while Taka covered the child's mouth and made him eat again.[Chapter 8] Chapter Eight Weeks later, it rained for several days straight. In this time, Taka insisted that she go train with Magojiro and Higan instead. On that second day, Algren came upon them practicing with wooden swords. Nobutada and Sairento (as he liked to hear her call him) kept watching as well. Higan won against her half the time, like the last time. After that, she had let Higan and Magojiro take a turn together. Higan won and Magojiro's sword was knocked out of his hand. \"Nicely done,\" Algren said, picking up Magojiro's wooden sword and returning to him. Nobutada walked over and said, \" They may be children, but they are strong, as Miyuki here found out.\" Miyuki laughed and said, \" You only say that because I lose half the time.\" She thought for a second before saying to Nobutada, \" Let's see him try.\" Nobutada laughed before saying in English, \"You try.\" Algren took the wooden sword in one hand and just stood there, waiting for Higan. And they fought. Higan tried very hard, while Algren concerved his movements and did not move very far. Suddenly, Ujio and his posse came and Ujio called out angrily, \" Yamei!\" They both halted and Higan gave Ujio his wooden sword. \" Put down the sword,\" Ujio demanded. Algren glanced from the sword back to Ujio, but did not let go of the sword. He repeated the demand angrily. All of them watched as he and Algren faced off. Ujio quickly knocked Algren to his knees and took a few steps back toward his posse. However, Algren got up again. Ujio dazed him with a knock to the jaw before knocking the American flat on his back. He knocked the wooden sword away from Algren before walking away again. Algren's nose was bleeding as he stood up again. This time he was knocked flat on his stomach. Miyuki winced, but she knew that Ujio would not kill him. Algren got up as far as his knees and began to slowly swing the sword back and forth weakly. Ujio grabbed it. He hit Algren in the head with his own sword, knocking him once more to the ground. Ujio looked back over to her and the two boys who stood together. He threw the sword back to Higan. All of them stared at Algren, but none of them moved to help him until Ujio was out of sight. As soon Ujio was gone, Miyuki raced forward and knelt beside Algren. \"Are you alright?\" she asked softly. He just grunted. \"Come on. You need to get inside,\" she said, pulling his shoulders up. She slung one of his arms around her shoulders and hauled him inside, a very labourious process for her indeed. She laid him down in his room and helped him lay down more comfortably. \"Thank you,\" he said gently. \"Get some rest, Algren,\" she said, patting his shoulder before walking away. He stopped her by saying, \"Nathan.\" \"Get some rest, Nathan,\" Miyuki said after a second of shock. The next day, Nathan went to the temple with Sairento while Miyuki helped Taka. It was sunny and bright. The following day, it rained again. Miyuki woke later than usual to the sound of Nathan's heavy footsteps walking out of the house. She quickly dressed in the kimono they had given her before walking out to see Taka feeding the house's fire. \"Hello, Taka. Quite the rainy day,\" she said, smiling. Taka smiled back and said, \" Take a break, Miyuki.\" Miyuki smiled again and said, \" Thank you,\" before walking out of the house to the covered porch which stretch between the houses. She sat comfortably and took out her tiny copy of Romeo and Juliet which she always had with her. She read the whole play to herself that day. oooooooooo 1876. Day: unknown. Month: unknown. I continue to live among these unusual people. I am their captive, in that I cannot escape. Mostly, I am treated with a kind of mild neglect, as if I were a stray dog, or an unwelcome guest, except for Miyuki. She is kind to me, and the whole village welcomes her readily. Everyone is polite. Everyone smiles and bows. But beneath that courtesy, I detect a deep reservoir of fear. They are an intriguing people. From the moment they wake, they devote themselves to the perfection of whatever they pursue. I have never seen such discipline. I am surprised to learn that the word samurai means 'to serve', and that Katsumoto believes his rebellion to be in the service of the Emperor. ooooooooooooooo The day Nathan began to train with the samurai, I was terrified. Ujio would not be happy at all. I hate to admit it, but I was terrified of Ujio for most of the time I was there.[Chapter 9] Chapter Nine Through most of the winter, Taka allowed Miyuki to help her with her work. On one such day in midwinter when she was not helping, she noticed that it was snowing. The translator had always loved snow, so she decided to go for a walk. The snow lightly drifted down from the clouds, adding another layer to the white blanket covering the ground. Soon, there were white flakes in her hair, standing out strikingly from her jet black locks. After awhile, she saw another person also out on a walk. Because of the snow, it was hard to tell who it was. When she got closer, she saw that it was Katsumoto. After another minute, they reached each other. \" Konnichiwa,\" she said, bowing her head in greeting. \" Konnichiwa, \" he answered in his deeper voice, bowing in return. \"Algren has written more in his journal,\" she said after a rather lengthy silence. \"Are you concerned for him?\" the samurai asked. \"He has nightmares,\" she said, looking out into the distance as she spoke. She shivered involuntarily after she spoke. \"You are cold,\" Katsumoto observed, stepping closer to her. Miyuki hesitated for a second before nodding. A second later, she smiled and said, \"I missed the snow.\" \"You have not seen the snow recently?\" Katsumoto asked. \"Not since last winter,\" she said. She looked up and just stared at the snow floating down. \"I have always loved the snow,\" she said softly, closing her eyes to simply feel the snowflakes on her skin. \"Come. It is getting quite cold out here,\" Katsumoto said, putting a hand on her arm. He did not move his hand as he led her to the same dirt road which led to the courtyard and the temple. Together, they walked along the road all the way to the temple. Once they were out of the wind, she could hear a fire burning farther inside. He led her to the room with the fire, over to the very fire itself. He released her arm and knelt beside a pot that stood quite close to the fire, keeping the contents warm. Miyuki also knelt by the fire. She held her hands close to the fire, warming them. She looked up again only when her hands were warm. When she did, she saw the pot sitting back in its place and two cups of tea on the table. Katsumoto knelt on the other side of the table. When he saw that she was looking up once again, he said, \"You are my guest.\" \" Itadakimasu,\" she said. With that traditional beginning, the two started to drink their tea, sipping it for it was still hot. When she tasted the tea, Miyuki smiled and said, \"I've always had a weakness for green tea.\" \"I also enjoy drinking green tea,\" Katsumoto said as he set his cup back down. \"I suppose you want to know more about Algren and the army,\" she guessed after taking another sip of tea. \"No,\" he said bluntly, looking up at her. \"No? What do you want to know about, then?\" she asked, raising an eyebrow. \"You,\" Katsumoto said softy. After taking a somewhat deeper breath, Miyuki whispered, \"Where to start? Where to start?\" \"How old are you?\" Katsumoto asked, supplying a starting point. \"26, but I have been a translator for ten. And you?\" she asked, directing the question back at him. She took another sip of tea. \"37,\" he said quietly. Eleven years younger? She seems so much older, yet younger at the same time! \"Siblings aside from Taka?\" she prompted. \"None, and you?\" he continued, sipping his tea. 'None,\" she said. \"Where did you grow up?\" he asked, continuing the conversation. \"Tokyo until I was ten, New York until I was eleven, Germany until I was thirteen, and France until I was sixteen\" she said. Her eyes glazed as he remembered each of those places. \"I grew up in this village,\" he said, stating the obvious. \"That must have been wonderful. You got to see the cherry blossoms every year,\" Miyuki said, smiling. \"You had the opportunity to travel the world, though,\" Katsumoto observed. She merely shook her head and said, \"I never had very many friends as a child. My caretakers kept me indoors to study English.\" The samurai frowned, confused what she meant. \"What language did you speak with them?\" \"Japanese, but they made me learn English, German, and French,\" she explained. \"That must have been confusing,\" he observed. \"Indeed it was,\" she said. After another sip of tea, she asked him, \"When did you learn English?\" \"A translator in Tokyo taught me what he could for the week I was there a few years ago. I read English books after that to improve,\" he explained. \"You certainly learned quickly, then,\" she observed, nodding her head in approval. He shook his head and said, \"I still cannot understand many of your English poems, like Homer.\" \"That was translated from Ancient Greek. It is not the easiest of reads. Do you still have the book?\" she said, switching into 'translator mode'. 'I returned it last time and got a book by 'Will-i-am Shack-spear-y,\" he said, butchering the word. \"Shakespeare?\" It's a little easier than The Odyssey , but there are a lot of plays on words,\" she said, smiling. \"I cannot understand all that he writes of,\" Katsumoto admitted. \"With which play did you start?\" she asked. \" Romeo and Juliet ,\" he said, actually pronouncing the names correctly. \"That, in my opinion, is the best and easiest to read. How far are you in it?\" she asked. Her eyes were now alight with curiosity and interest in the subject at hand. \"I have not started it. The prologue is difficult to understand,\" Katsumoto admitted, looking down. \"Well, it starts with 'Two households both alike in dignity',\" she began. \"Have you memorized it?\" he asked, completely astonished. \"Yes,\" she said bluntly. \"Say it,\" he commanded. Miyuki sighed before getting into character and reciting. Two households, both alike in dignity In fair Verona, where we lay our scene From ancient grudge break to new mutiny, Where civil blood makes civil hands unclean. From forth the fatal loins of these two foes A pair of star-crossed lovers take their life; Whose misadventured piteous overthrows Doth with their death bury their parents' strife. The fearful passage of their death-marked love, And the continuance of their parents' rage, Which, but their children's end, naught could remove, Is now the two hours' traffic of our stage; The which if you with patient ears attend, What here shall miss, our toil shall strive to mend. When she had finished her recitation she looked back to him and said, \"The author just told the reader what will happen in the play. The reader knows how it will end, but they still hope that Romeo and Juliet will be together at the end despite what the prologue says. It's an ingenious way to start the play.\" \"How can you gather so much from this?\" Katsumoto asked, astonished that she could pull so much out of so little. \"Once you understand the language, you can understand a great deal that goes unsaid, \"Miyuki said with a smile. \"What does this word ' doth ' mean?\" he asked. She merely smiled again and said, \"'Does', though in different context, it can mean a few other things, but that is generally what is meant by it.\" \"And 'star-crossed'?\" he continued. \"That refers to astrology. Their horoscopes were opposing, so they could not be together,\" she said before sipping some of the last of her tea. \"Strife?\" he continued. \"Grievance against each other in this case,\" she said dismissively. \"Toil?\" \"Great effort,\" she said briefly. \"Strive?\" \"Try.\" He sat for a moment in silence as he thought of the prologue as a whole. \"I understand,\" he said after a few seconds. \"See?\" It is not that hard,\" she said, smiling once more. She looked down at her cup and said, \"I believe I should be returning now.\" Katsumoto nodded in understanding. He stood and took her up from her, placing it by the pot along with his cup. Miyuki rose as well, though she went to the door. \"Thank you,\" she said just before she left.[Chapter 10] Sorry it took so long to update! I was really busy! Thank you for the review! Chapter Ten The winter months dragged on before introducing the next season to the village. With the new season of spring, the snow began to melt and the landscape sprang to life once again. It was evening now, and the village was gathered for a special event to mark the spring: a play. Part way through this play, Katsumoto himself came out to play a part. The villagers clapped enthusiastically for him, and one samurai yelled out, \" Who is this amateur?\" Each time Katsumoto did something, it was for the purpose of humour. After all, the play was a comedy. Also, the village laughed heartily each time he made these jokes, without even saying a word. At the end of that performance, Katsumoto bowed. When his eyes rose again, his eyes stayed riveted on Miyuki as she smiled and laughed. All he could do was smile as he watched her. However, everyone heard Algren shout from amongst the crowd, \"Katsumoto!\" A second later, the man who had been playing the antagonist fell dead, an arrow protruding from his throat. All of the villagers sprang into action. The samurai immediately drew their swords. Ujio yelled above the commotion, \" Protect Katsumoto! Protect our lord!\" At the same time, the women herded their children into whatever building was closest. Some screamed, but they were few. Other than, one could hear feet trampling the ground, swords being drawn, and arrows whistling through the air. In the midst of this pandemonium, Miyuki spotted Taka. She was running toward a house with Magojiro and Higan close behind. Quickly, she followed them. Even as she did this, she spotted Nathan. She weaved through the people as they sprinted desperately to their destinations, almost moving toward him. The second she was within an arm's reach of him, she grabbed his arm and started to pull him toward Taka and the children. Not much later, they were huddled within the house. Two samurai had apparently followed them to the doorstep of the house to defend both them and the house. Seconds after getting there, one fell dead with a shuriken , a throwing star, protruding from his neck. Outside the house, Ujio and several other samurai were attempting to protect Katsumoto from the ninjas that were now in their midst as well as from the reign of deadly arrows. As they did this, Ujio spotted the open, ninja-free doorway. He urged his Lord to go inside. Once inside the building, the samurai around Katsumoto killed two ninja that were already in combat with the samurai from the door. From there, he and the samurai with him ran further into the house, swords ready. They halted suddenly at the doorway to the next room. A man with a sword had been running toward him, but he had stopped quite suddenly as well. It was Algren. In that sudden stillness, they heard the distinct sound of footsteps on the roof. They were headed toward the back of the house. The men quickly sprang into action, running toward the back of the house to fend off the ninjas. Just as they reached the back of the house, the ninjas cut through the house's wall and jumped into the room, attacking ruthlessly. As Algren fought one, he was forced back into the next room, the room where the family was hiding. The other ninjas followed, but Taka stabbed one before he could hurt her family. Miyuki grabbed the sword from her hands a second later and sliced through another ninja, killing him. Despite these casualties, the last ninja continued to fight Algren, forcing him into yet another room of the house. The family just stayed in the corner, hoping that no more ninja would come. However, Higan ran from this hiding spot to the other room where there was still fighting. The child's presence was distraction enough for the American. He stabbed the ninja, effectively finishing him off. Algren merely ran back to the room where Katsumoto was. With his help, they finished off the rest of the ninjas. In the sudden silence caused by the lacking of a melee, Katsumoto and Algren looked to each other. They were both relieved.[Chapter 11] Chapter Eleven The next day, Taka would not allow Miyuki to work. She said that she should not have to work after last evening. During this day off, Miyuki finally became curious of whether or not the cherry trees were blooming yet. To satiate her curiosity, she went to the path that led to the temple. She continued to walk along the path for some ways until she found the temple. She walked closer to the temple that she now knew was there. The smell of these blooming blossoms was in the air, though she did not look over at the trees to see if they were blooming yet. They wouldn't be. Quietly, the translator walked up the steps to the temple. Farther inside the temple, she heard a voice praying. It did not sound like a monk. Her curiosity got the better of her, so Miyuki walked down the corridor toward the voice. She turned a corner and saw Katsumoto sitting alone in the middle of the hallway, praying. Not wishing to disturb him, she turned to leave. She did not notice that Katsumoto had stopped praying and was now walking toward her silently. He caught up to her easily and placed a hand on her shoulder, turning her around quickly. As soon as he touched her shoulder, she whipped around quickly and backed up several paces. Her whole body tensed, but it relaxed when she sat that it was him. \"I did not mean to intrude,\" she said apologetically. \"It is fine. I was just finishing,\" he said, walking forward again to stand in front of her. When she remained silent, Katsumoto sighed and said, \"The Emperor has granted us safe passage to Tokyo.\" Her eyes darted straight to his face when he said that. The sorrow shown by them increased when she squeezed her eyes tightly shut and turned her head away from his, bringing it down to her shoulder. After several seconds, she nodded, signalling that he should continue. \"We leave tomorrow,\" he said quietly, studying her reaction carefully. Surprised, she returned her gaze to his face and asked in a whisper, \"So soon?\" After a few seconds, she made an attempt at happiness, though it was weak. She said with sorrow, \"Not even waiting for the cherry blossoms.\" \"Did you not see? They are blooming,\" he pointed out, looking at her oddly. Instantly, she broke into a wide smile. Less than a second later, she ran to the courtyard to see the cherry blossoms just once more in her life. It was amazing how quickly she went from standing and speaking to him to running at her top speed out of the temple and over to the courtyard. It was a good thing the courtyard wasn't that far away. Katsumoto followed her, walking behind and continuing to observe her. When she turned to look at more of the cherry blossoms, he could see her eyes. They sparkled with life, light, and beauty. She was utterly beautiful to him, even though he had seen many beautiful women in his life. He continued to watch Miyuki as she returned to the very same cherry trees she had last seen with just the buds of new life. Now, it held so many beautiful blossoms. She closed her eyes and took a deep smell of the fragrance pervading the air. She smiled softly, her long hair falling into her face. Several of the floating flowers had landed in her hair, standing out against her black hair. Entranced by this beauty, Katsumoto walked silently closer. The Japanese woman looked up to see still more blossoms drifting through the air. She put her arms out and began to twirl and laugh, enjoying the feel of the wind in her hair and the fragrance in the air. Katsumoto could not help but smile at this. After awhile, she fell to the ground beneath one of the trees, still laughing. She laid her head back against the trunk of the tree and closed her eyes in contentment. Still more flowers were now stuck in her hair, and her kimono was now being slowly covered in them. When she did not move for a few minutes, he sighed and walked over to her. She was breathing lightly and quietly, and her eyes were closed in peace. She was asleep. oooooooooooooo \"The pass is open,\" the samurai said, bowing to his Lord. The other man spoke saying, \"The Emperor has granted safe passage to Tokyo.\" This man was a messenger. He bowed to the samurai lord before leaving. Katsumoto sighed and nodded. The two men bowed lower and dispersed. Once he was alone, the leader sighed. The way is open. She will leave and go back to her life. I'll never see her again…But I must speak with the Emperor. It is my duty. She would never willingly stay in this village…But she enjoys helping Taka. She said it herself, she enjoys this way of life. She and I are both obliged to return to Tokyo, but if we go there, she will never return. She will be gone forever. oooooooooooo Much later, Algren came to the garden of the temple. He walked toward Katsumoto, but stopped when he saw Miyuki. She still slept with a blissful smile on her face. As Algren stood from his inspection of Miyuki, Katsumoto said, \"A perfect blossom is a rare thing. You could spend your life looking for one, and it would not be a wasted life.\" While he spoke, he brought his hand up to touch one of the blossoms still on the tree. \"Who sent those men to kill you?\" Algren asked, referring to the attack the previous night. \"I am writing a poem about a dream I had,\" Katsumoto said, evading the question. \"The tiger's eyes are like my own But he comes from across a deep and troubled sea\" \"Was it the Emperor?\" Algren questioned, taking a step closer. He studied Katsumoto's face as he looked down. \"Omura?\" \"If the Emperor wishes my death, he has but to ask,\" Katsumoto said with something akin to bitterness and regret showing on his face and in his body language. His head hung to the side and his face was pointed somewhat down. \"So it was Omura,\" Algren deduced from that little speech. \"I'm having trouble finishing the poem. Can you suggest a last line?\" Katsumoto prompted. Algren looked over at the cherry blossoms for a second as he thought. He shook his head and insisted, \"I'm not a writer.\" \"Yet,\" Katsumoto pointed out, \"You have written many pages since you came here.\" Algren turned his head back to look directly at Katsumoto again. \"What else has she told you?\" he asked directly, gesturing back at Miyuki. He sighed almost as a laugh while Katsumoto stepped closer to say, \"You have nightmares.\" Algren studied his face for a second before pointing out, \"Every soldier has nightmares.\" \"Only one who is ashamed of what he has done,\" Katsumoto insisted. \"You have no idea what I have done,\" Algren said seriously, his volume dropping. Katsumoto studied his face for a few seconds before looking over Algren's shoulder to the samurai waiting twenty feet away. He ordered the samurai away. \"You have seen many things?\" Katsumoto asked, almost immediately remembering what Miyuki had told him about questions and word order. \"I have,\" Algren said regretfully. \"And you do not fear death, sometimes you wish for it? Is this not so?\" Katsumoto asked, trying to understand the man in front of him. Algren studied Katsumoto, trying to divine his purpose before whispering, \"Yes.\" \"I have also,\" Katsumoto said quietly, walking a ways to make it easier to speak of. \"It happens to men, who have seen what we have seen, and then I come to this place for my answers first, and I remember like these blossoms we are all dying. To know life in every breath, every cup of tea, every life we take, the way of the warrior,\" he said serious, looking at the blossoms before turning back to Algren. The Captain merely looked at the blossoms and whispered, \"Life in every breath.\" \"That is bushito ,\" Katsumoto said, studying Algren. \" Hai,\" Algren whispered, nodding slightly. His eyes never left the beautiful, pink blossoms. \"The Emperor has granted us safe passage to Tokyo. We leave tomorrow,\" Katsumoto said with regret. Algren turned to look at Katsumoto again and said, \"Good.\" He did not mean it. \"Good,\" Katsumoto echoed with a nod. \"Does she know?\" Algren asked, looking back at Miyuki again. A strange look passed over the samurai's face as he looked at Miyuki too. He sighed quietly before nodding and saying, \"She knows.\" \"How did she end up like that?\" he asked, going to stand by her side. \"Miyuki- chan was… frolicking …in the cherry blossoms,\" Katsumoto said, a smile tugging at the corners of his mouth. \" Zareru?\" Algren asked, unsure what the word meant. \"She could explain it better…She was twirling and spinning . The wind was blowing blossoms into her hair. She grew tired, sat down, and fell asleep,\" Katsumoto said, unable to fight a smile any longer as he thought of her so happy. \"What?\" Algren asked, still not knowing the worlds. \" Supin ,\" Katsumoto said, twirling a finger in a small motion to demonstrate as he went to stand on the sleeping woman's other side. \"Spin?\" Algren asked, raising an eyebrow. \" That woman span and twirled because of drifting cherry blossoms?\" Algren asked. How can such a withdrawn woman do something so whimsical? \" Hai ,\" Katsumoto said, kneeling by her side. He cupped her jaw line gently in one hand, smiling when he touched her. The Captain watched Katsumoto as he did this. It was becoming obvious that the samurai was at the least very attached to Miyuki. It was more than likely that he loved her. \"A beautiful blossom,\" he whispered before standing. He turned as the samurai he had ordered away returned with a package in his hands. He turned back to Algren with his pouch of journals held out. \"When I took these, you were my enemy.\" He turned and left without another word.[Chapter 12] Chapter Twelve The next day, the samurai all woke early. They saddled their horses and otherwise readied themselves to ride to Tokyo. During this time, Algren and Miyuki dressed in their uniforms and collected their belongings before going out to join the rest. Neither had worn their uniform since the day they first put on a kimono in the village. They each mounted their horses, which turned out to be the horses they had ridden here on in the first place. Soon, they would depart, leaving this place that had so changed both of their lives. In this time of waiting for everyone to be ready, Higan ran from the house straight toward Algren. As he did, he called, \"Algren-san! Algren-san!\" He stopped beside the American and held up a roll of paper which was, attached to a piece of leather for protection against the elements. He took the offered roll and looked down at the boy. He knew in his heart that he would miss the youngster. They both would. The two looked at each other for a second before Katsumoto and Ujio ran around the corner to the head of the column. Incidentally, that put them right in front of Algren and Miyuki. Ujio yelled for the samurai to depart, and depart they did. Higan ran to the side to avoid being trampled as the horses took off at a trot. However, Algren did not ride off. He stopped and reached over to touch Miyuki's shoulder. Because of this touch, she, too, stopped. First, she looked at Algren. However, Alren just subtly pointed out toward the houses. Following his gaze, Miyuki saw Higan and Magojiro standing just outside their house, watching the two of them sadly. The two boys had grown quite attached to the two strangers that had been forced to stay at their house so long ago. This only served to reinforce Miyuki's resolve that she would remember this village, no matter what might happen. Miyuki looked toward the column of samurai riding past them and noticed Sairento coming. She tapped Algren's arm and nodded toward the aging samurai. He looked back to her and nodded. Sairento noticed them and held back to allow the two to meld into the column, and they were off. They rode, moving along at the same speed as all the rest as they travelled to Tokyo. oooooooooo Days later, Katsumoto and his samurai arrived in Tokyo. As Miyuki expected, people scrambled to get out of the streets, out of the way of the honoured samurai. Omura's antipathy for them had not changed the peasants' respect for the warriors. After all, Japan may have been attempting to westernize itself, but the samurai were still greatly honoured as the protectors of Japan. A familiar, British translator was on that very street as they arrived, taking a photograph of a pair of Japanese ladies. He observed in shock the blank, stoic faces of the samurai before a face caught his eye. This single, recognizable face redoubled his shock. It was Captain Algren. Alive. From there, his eye was drawn slightly father back in the column to another western-dressed individual with flowing, black hair and a delicate, feminine face. Miss Hasegawa! They were both alive! Soon, Katsumoto held his hand high, signalling for them to stop. The samurai stopped in unison while the American and the woman kept riding forward. Once they were at the head of the column, they both dismounted. As they did, Katsumoto looked over to them both. His stoic expression never faltered as he bowed his head in farewell to the two of them, to his friends. In return, Algren nodded his head in farewell to the man he had come to respect and admire. Miyuki bowed her head to a man she knew she would probably never see again. She hid her sorrow in a mask, just as all Japanese were raised to do. The two people walked with their horses to the army camp, unaware that Mr. Graham had been near and had observed their return with the greatest degree of astonishment.[Chapter 13] Chapter Thirteen Miyuki and Algren walked silently to Japanese army base. After a quick inquiry, they walked up the hill overlooking the training field and simply stood, looking at the now-orderly troops lined up around the field. \"Algren? And Hasegawa!\" a voice called from a ways off. They both turned to see Bagley walking toward them, though of course going around the Howitzers. \"My God, you are alive,\" he said as he approached them. Both Miyuki and Algren noticed the Japanese Lieutenant following Bagley over. Both bowed respectfully to him in greeting before turning back to the other American. \"Well, you never cease to astonish,\" Bagley continued. Algren looked over to the field and said, \"Howitzers.\" Miyuki had no interest in this conversation, so she walked over to the Lieutenant and said in Japanese, \" Hello, my friend. How has it been here?\" \" We're finally organized,\" he said. \" I am glad to hear it,\" Miyuki said, though it did not sound entirely sincere. \" Was his death good?\" the Lieutenant asked. \" Yes. Katsumoto helped him,\" she said, firmly controlling her emotions about this particular subject. Bagley interrupted their conversation by saying loudly to both her and Algren, \"Welcome back, Captain and Miss Hasegawa.\" Miyuki's eyes narrowed. She walked back over to the Americans and said seriously, \"I quit.\" With that, she walked away. \"She's not serious, is she?\" Bagley asked Algren. \"She's always serious, Sir,\" Algren said in return before walking away as well. oooooooooo Miyuki walked through the woods toward Tokyo with her two bags of possessions in hand. She could hear footsteps behind her, but thought nothing of it. It could very well be Algren leaving. \"Miss Hasegawa!\" a male voice that she recognized called from behind her. Miyuki turned to see Col. Bagley striding quickly toward her. Not good. \"Yes?\" she asked, trying to remain calm. \"You've been in the enemy camp for as long as Algren. What did you see?\" he asked. \"Nothing that Algren hasn't already told you, Sir. Now, if you will excuse me, I have to be leaving,\" she said, turning to walk away. \"Wait,\" Bagley said, putting a hand on her shoulder. Miyuki turned back to face him and asked in a very un-Japanese way that bordered on angry, \"What?\" \"What did you do with the samurai? I mean- you were there all winter long with them...\" he asked, stepping closer to her. \"What are you implying?\" Miyuki asked, stepping away from him. \"I think you know, and I'd like what you gave them,\" he said, grabbing her wrists in one hand. He used his other hand to unbutton the buttons of her jacket while he pushed her back into the forest so that her back was against a tree. \"Stop! Let me go! Get off me!\" she yelled, but he would not. He smothered her protests with a rough kiss. Before he could go any farther, something ripped the Colonel from her and pushed him to the ground. Miyuki fell to the ground but quickly looked up to see her rescuer. Algren had just hit Bagley's head with a rock while he was recovering from being thrown to the ground. Miyuki was shaking. She struggled to catch her breath, but her eyes never left Algren. He was still staring at Bagley with a look of pure loathing on his face. He looked at her only when she said hesitantly, \"Thank you.\" \"Come. I'll walk you to the city,\" Algren said, offering his hand to help her up. She accepted it, but let go as soon as she was standing. They walked in silence back to the city and parted without a word.[Chapter 14] Chapter Fourteen Later that day, Algren walked out from a meeting with Omura. Mr. Graham was waiting for him outside. Almost immediately, the aging translating asked, \"Captain Algren, what in heaven's name is going on? The diplomatic community is abuzz. Omura has passed laws against the samurai.\" \"Mr. Graham, I need a drink,\" Algren said, pausing to look around at the crowd of Japanese. \"Is your friend Katsumoto really planning to go up against the council this afternoon?\" the portly man asked. However, his gaze was drawn to a group of Japanese soldiers and a samurai, Nobutada. \" You, Samurai! Don't you know about the order?\" one of the men said. \" Hey boy, are you listening?\" another soldier asked. By now, the surrounding crowd was panicking. \" No wonder the foreigners mock you,\" yet another soldier said tauntingly. \" Let's give this samurai a haircut. Cut off his top knot.\" \"Get down!\" \"Kneel!\" That spurred Algren into action. He ran over, despite Mr. Graham's slightly weak protest, and demanded, \" Lower your weapons! Lower your weapons!\" \"Who are you? \" one of the soldiers asked, pointing his rifle straight at Algren's head. As this happened, a woman walked over the Mr. Graham's side and asked, \"What on earth is he doing?\" \"Ms. Hasegawa! I've no idea what he's doing,\" he said, switching gears quickly. \" I am Captain Algren.\" An instant later, one of the soldiers hit him in the small of his back with the butt of his rifle. That certainly sent him reeling for a second. This same move, prompted Nobutada to draw his sword six inches out of the sheath and move into a fighting stance. \" Stop!\" Algren said urgently. He said again, \" Stop.\" This time, Nobutada whipped his head around to look at Algren. Slowly, he sheathed his sword and stood upright again, though with his head bowed. The leader of the group of soldiers handed his rifle off to another soldier and quickly drew a knife. Another soldier grabbed Nobutada's two swords and took them. The leader then grabbed Nobutada's top knot. \" Get down!\" He kicked the backs of Nobutada's knees, forcing him to kneel. He cut the top knot off. Both Mr. Graham and Miyuki were horrified when the soldiers laughed about it as they left. Algren was enraged by this, while Nobutada wallowed in the misery of dishonour. Algren knelt by the disgraced samurai's side and said gently, \" I'll take you home.\" \"Jolly good,\" Nobutada said in return. His accent was thick and his sorrow obvious. \"Excuse me,\" Miyuki said, slipping away from Mr. Graham to follow the two men. She quickly caught up with them and fell in step beside them. None of them said a word. Mr. Graham turned to leave only to see a man he recognized as being under Omura's command (thanks to his scar) command two other men to follow Algren and Nobutada. It didn't seem that they had noticed Miyuki yet, and the old translator hoped it would stay that way.[Chapter 15] Chapter Fifteen That night, Miyuki walked stealthily to that very spot. As she approached, she could see a man in a military uniform standing at the corner. After a few more cautious steps forward, she could see that it was Algren. Relieved, she walked more openly to him. The skipped the pleasantries and just began to walk. They both knew where they were going. However, communication became necessary when they both noticed footsteps following them. Miyuki glanced at Algren out of the corner of her eye. He nodded slightly. They both hurried down the steps to a little plaza where they would have room. In the centre, they stopped, but neither of them turned to look at the men approaching them. They were most definitely men, for their steps were heavy. Two more men emerged from the shadows ahead of them. Both had a sword ready in their hands, and both looked ready to fight. Algren and Miyuki stayed still as they looked slowly around at the group of four men surrounding them. The men crept slowly closer, waiting for Algren to move. He did not disappoint. He lunged forward at one of the men. Two of the other three went straight for him, attacking him with fervour. The last of the men moved more slowly as he levelled his sword with Miyuki's stomach. She watched him carefully for a second before spinning around the sword and kicking him in the face. That sent him flying quite easily, which allowed her to quickly take his sword and run to Algren. He was on his back with two of the other three men standing over him. The other was hunched over on the ground, unconscious. Before she could get there, Algren whirled a sword around at the two men, slicing both of them. This did not stop them. They continued to attack, unaware that a fully capable woman was almost upon them. Before either man even saw her, Miyuki had stabbed her blade through one man's stomach, skewering him. The other man attacked Algren head on. However, that fight lasted only seconds before the American had sliced his stomach open. Algren stood from his crouch after only a second of hesitation. He looked over to Miyuki, who had just sheathed the sword before placing it on the ground. She looked up at Algren and nodded. He nodded in return, standing up fully. And they continued. ooooooooooooo Miyuki and three other people rode in a small cart to Katsumoto's home outside of Tokyo. Four soldiers from the Japanese army were guarding the entrance. The Captain, now merely Nathan Algren, and the newly acquired Mr. Graham disembarked first. She and Ujio, both dressed as peasants, scurried out after, taking Mr. Graham's camera equipment with them. They had to both carry the tripod, for it had to seem necessary that they both go inside. That was essential. Algren and Mr. Graham walked forward at a steady pace toward the door. \"Stop! Don't come any closer.\" one of the soldiers ordered. \"Whatever you do don't stop,\" Algren whispered to Mr. Graham. Mr. Graham pulled out a sheet of paper and held it in front of him as he said, \" Mister Omura has commanded us to photograph the traitor.\" \" Stop! Somebody !\" the soldier demanded. Mr. Graham turned and yelled to them, \" bring that equipment here NOW! IMMEDIATELY!\" \"You, stop!\" the guard demanded as he drew his sword and brandished it. \" You insolent, useless son of a peasant dog!\" Mr. Graham yelled, coming up with an insult very quickly. Both them and the two Japanese behind them continued to walk. Mr. Graham quickly came up with another excuse. \" How dare you show your sword in his presence ! Do you know who this is ?\" he demanded, \" This is the President of the United States of America!\" At that, Miyuki tried very hard, and successfully I might add, to not laugh. \" He is here to lead our armies in victorious battle against the rebels!\" \"It's not my responsibility...\" the soldier stuttered out, trying to decide what to do. \" Now get over there and help those men with their equipment!\" The man's entire demeanour changed. He glanced back at his fellows before doing exactly as Mr. Graham had told him to do. Another man bowed to them before turning and leading them into the building. When the soldiers heard that, they allowed all four of them into the house. The ruse worked. However as they continued to walk, she heard Algren whisper in English, \"President of the United States?\" \"Sorry. I think they've made a mistake.\" Mr. Graham returned. They walked into the house unimpeded. Ujio handed off the equipment to her when they reached to door to the room Katsumoto was in. She went inside with the other two, though she continued to keep her head down. Katsumoto was kneeling in the centre of the room facing away from them. \"Have you finished your poem, yet?\" Algren asked. The great samurai whipped around to look at Algren, astonished. \"The end is proving difficult,\" he admitted. \"This is Mr. Graham. He would like very much to take a picture of you,\" Algren continued with the introduction. Mr. Graham quickly bowed and said a greeting. Katsumoto returned it in kind. When he looked up again, Katsumoto noticed her. \"Who is that?\" he asked, immediately suspicious of her. \"Someone who helped you with your English,\" she said, raising her head to show her face. He smiled at her and said, \"I thought you had returned to America.\" \"We decided to stay,\" she said, tipping her head slightly. A sudden sound from just outside the door suddenly caught all of their attention. Miyuki opened the door to see Ujio with his sword still drawn and two bodies on the ground. He stood up and nodded to Katsumoto. He returned the nod before Nobutada suddenly ran around a corner to them, beckoning for them to follow. They reached the bridge, which served as the second exit to the house. Algren ran across first. He was immediately shot at, but some of the other samurai from the village shot the soldiers in response. However, more kept coming. Katsumoto ran after Algren. She followed, then Ujio, and finally Nobutada. She was just across the bridge when she heard a shot and a loud thump. She turned back to see Nobutada laying on the bridge, wounded. Katsumoto immediately began to call his son' name. However, Ujio held him back from running to Nobutada. Algren ran back and helped Nobutada to the end of the bridge. Once there, Nobutada slumped down against the tree that they were using as cover. Katsumoto spoke with him for a little bit, and Nobutada decided to stay and cover their escape for he would die anyway. The rest of them left at a hurried pace, returning to the horses so that they could ride back to the village.[Chapter 16] Chapter Sixteen That night, Miyuki went to sleep early, exhausted by all that had happened that day. In contrast, katsumoto stayed up very late indeed, for grief was preventing him from sleeping. For awhile, Algren stayed up as well to keep him company. In the midst of the silence, Katsumoto said, \"The Emperor could not hear my words. His army will come. It is the end. For nine hundred years my ancestors have protected our people. Now, I have failed them.\" As he spoke, his thumb rubbed along the hilt of his ritual dagger, his tanto . \"So you will take your own life,\" Algren said, \"in shame. Shame for a life of service, discipline, compassion.\" \"The way of the samurai is not necessary anymore.\" \"Necessary? What could be more necessary?\" \"I will die by the sword, my own, or my enemy's.\" \"Then let it be your enemy's.\" Katsumoto turned to look at him. \"Together, we will make the Emperor hear you.\" Katsumoto turned back to the fire. As he did, Algren laid down. Almost instantly, he was asleep. After several seconds of silence, Katsumoto was sure that he was the only one awake save the watch. In this new silence, he looked over at Miyuki's sleeping form and said, \"You will stay.\" oooooooooooo The following night, the translator sat on the wooden porch outside Taka's house. Her face was turned up, and her eyes were luminous in the light of the stars. Her elbows rested on her kimono-enclosed knees. Suddenly, a voice spoke from beside yet behind her. \"You will stay here when we ride to them?\" Katsumoto asked. \"Switch the first two words, and I'm going back to Tokyo with Mr. Graham,\" she said, turning to look at him. H merely nodded. However, a look of regret passed over his face for less than a second before his Japanese resolve took over again. He then walked over to her and sat beside her on the edge of the porch. She turned her attention back to the stars, though she could not simply ignore him because he sat quite close to her. \"They have superior numbers and firearms,\" he said, his voice heavy. \"I expected as much,\" she said, trying to keep the sorrow out of her voice. She failed, and the tears began to flow soon after. She kept her eyes trained on the heavens above to hide her tears. A second later, Miyuki felt a warm hand on her face, wiping the tears away. She closed her eyes for a second and focused only on the feeling of his warm hand on her face. Next, she opened her eyes and turned to look at him. He is going to die tomorrow, and nothing will change that fact. He cannot survive this battle . This only made her cry harder still. He would die, and she would live. She looked sadly into his eyes, the colour mirroring the black of her own eyes. Her limbs grew heavy and her head drooped in premature grief. Quite suddenly, Miyuki felt a hand, that same warm hand on the back of her neck. It pulled her into a warm, soft surface: Katsumoto. His other hand came to rest on her back comfortingly. He just sat there, staring up at the stars, and let her cry into him. Finally, Miyuki overcame her fears. Granted, she still had to fight to keep her grief in check, but she withheld the tears now. Instead, she merely closed her eyes in dread of the upcoming battle. After that, she stood, disentangling herself from the samurai's arms in the process. \"Wait,\" she heard from behind her. She now instantly recognized it as Katsumoto's. The translator stopped and turned back to face him once more. He stood and walked toward her with purpose, intent upon some goal. The great leader's hand cupped her cheek gently as he leaned in and kissed her. Her opposite moved up to his face. After several seconds, they broke apart and gazed at each other. However, Miyuki's eyes became sad again as she remembered what was coming. She closed her eyes tightly for a few seconds before turning and leaving without, without another word. Katsumoto stared other her. When he turned to leave, the samurai saw another shape through the rain. Farther down on the porch, a man stood watching. Upon closer inspection, it turned out to be Algren. He had seen all that had happened. Algren's face showed surprise and almost shock at what Katsumoto had done. However, that expression soon changed to a slight smile. His physiognomy changed yet again as he realized that Katsumoto would most likely be dead by this time tomorrow.[Chapter 17] Chapter Seventeen The sun rose, and with it the residents of the village began their preparations for battle. Samurai readied armour, weaponry, and horses as they had always done, but this time with a sombreness hardly seen even amongst the Japanese. They all knew what they would face today, and it seemed as insurmountable as death itself. But they would try, as countless generations before them had. They would not allow the dishonour of running away. Amidst these preparations, Mr. Graham and Miyuki gathered what possessions they had, ready to make their own trip back to Tokyo. They saw little of both each other and Algren as he prepared for the inevitable alongside the samurai. When finally all was repaired, they left at a gallop for the site where they knew they would meet the Japanese army. Once here, the samurai set up the various implements needed for their very unusual strategy. Soon after, the modern Japanese army arrived. From this collective of nervous men, three riders came out to the middle of the field. She could see by both his uniform and his posture that this must be Bagley, even if she could not actually see his face to know for certain. The other two, she assumed, were there only for protection, as they both had the bearing of one who is inexperienced and nervous. She would willingly bet money that any like this would be slaughtered by the samurai should they come into close-range combat. Algren and Katsumoto rode out to meet this emissary, only to return a minute later with the same resolve as when they had left. They were allowed through the rickety fortifications before dismounting. As they did this, Mr. Graham, who stood in front of her, stepped forward and said, \"Captain Algren.\" \"Mr. Graham,\" he greeted in return, looking over at the more elderly man. He took a bundle of books from his saddle bag and handed it to him. \"Perhaps you can use these for your book,\" he said. He was about to continue walking when Miyuki stepped forward. \"Algren,\" she said to capture his attention, though her feminine voice took another's attention as well. \"Miyuki,\" he acknowledged with a nod. \"I am glad to have known you,\" she said softly. He only nodded before striding away. But in his eyes was a look as if to say that he felt the same. In the wake of Algren, Miyuki heard footsteps approaching her. She knew who it was in an instant, but she could hardly bear to meet his gaze. When she finally did, his eyes spoke volumes more of what he felt and thought than his face ever could. \"Good-bye,\" he said quietly, knowing that only she could hear him. \"Farewell,\" she responded on the brink of tears. They would not fall. She would not allow it. With one last look, she departed alongside Mr. Graham. Both lagged in their pace, for they both knew what was taking place not far behind them: the battle, such a battle that would shape the future of Japan. They could only hope that this future held the samurai as well as the modernity of the Japanese army. oooooooooooooooooooooooooo Slowly, both samurai and soldiers were killed, until at last only two were left. Algren was propping Katsumoto up so that the samurai could end his life honourably, which to the Japanese meant suicide. He knew he had to do it right then, or he would not have the strength any longer. He plunged his katana into his stomach. It would not be long now. With the last of his strength, Katsumoto looked up and saw a grove of cherry trees of to the side of the battlefield. He could see Miyuki in the grove, spinning around with the drifting blossoms just as she had at the temple. \" Watashi no kanpekina hana ,\" he whispered. (My perfect blossom) But the vision faded. It was replaced by the nothingness of death. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: not mine. Chapter One A Japanese man, a great samurai leader, Katsumoto sat mediating p"},{"Movie":"The Day The Earth Stood Still","Title":"Imprint","Author":"Tee-Cup","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7707039","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Day the Earth Stood Still I just wanted to try this out, it's kinda been mulling over in my head for a while so I thought I'd finally write it! It's kinda another character added in and then continuing to a certain amount of time later… well that's the plan anyway ENJOY! Please R&R;! Imprint Chapter 1 It had been one night. That's all, she couldn't deny there was chemistry between them but she and Michael were never going to be together again. It had been before she'd even met Andrew, Jacob's father. But her daughter had been born and was now two years older than Jacob. Helen was thinking about them both as she made dinner. Jacob was such a smart boy but he was constantly answering back, she could understand why. He was frightened after he lost both his parents. He didn't seem to understand that he still had her, that she loved him and wouldn't leave him. Her daughter of Michael, Sophie, was also smart. She had curly, frizzy brown hair and dark eyes, she never got to see as much of her father as she liked and Helen wished she could change that but he was always very busy. She shouted up to them that dinner was ready when the phone rang, she could hear them arguing and began to shout at them to wash their hands and come down but the phone call was important, and slightly distressing. The man on the other end of the phone told her that she had to go with the people knocking at the door, as if by cue there was a knock just as Jacob and Sophie emerged at the bottom of the stairs, still arguing. She opened the door and the children joined her, Jacob just nine, Sophie just eleven. 'Dr. Benson?' the man said, she was scared, nearly speechless. 'You need to come with us, is there anyone to take care of the boy?' the man said. Helen couldn't make sense of anything, there were a lot of police outside there was so much noise, so much commotion, but she was most confused as to why only Jacob needed to be cared for, not Sophie too. Luckily her neighbour, Isobel, called up to her at that moment. 'Isobel!' Helen exclaimed running down the steps towards her friend, 'Please could you look after Jacob make sure he gets some dinner, I don't know what's going on…' she said. 'Sure,' Isobel replied, 'but why only Jacob? Why not Sophie too?' 'I don't know…' Helen said and turned back towards the man. 'Why not my daughter? Why does she have to come with me?' she asked. Jacob had already got his coat and was leaving with Isobel; Sophie was stood in the doorway looking frightened. 'Because her father has requested that she is bought.' The man said, 'now I must insist that we leave now.' 'Daddy? I get to see daddy?' Sophie began to grin, looking excited at the idea of being able to see her father. 'Michael?' Helen asked, and the man nodded. 'Ok,' she said running back inside, 'let me just…' she didn't finish but grabbed her jacket and scarf and forced Sophie to put on her own jacket and shoes. They were forced into a car and Helen held her daughter close as the police took them towards something that was much bigger than anyone could ever imagine.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 'Helen!' the voice came from the balcony, 'Can we bring her up please?' At first Helen couldn't see who it was as she painfully gripped her daughter's hand, but she made her way towards the barrier and pushed through until she found who belonged to the voice, Michael. 'Daddy!' Sophie squealed and Helen let go of her hand so she could jump into her father's arms. 'Hey princess!' he smiled, and then he beckoned for Helen to follow as he began to walk away briskly. 'Why am I here Michael?' she asked. 'You'll see, I have the presentation to give,' they'd arrived in a lecture theatre along with all of the people with which Helen had been on the helicopter. Michael put down Sophie and told her to sit with her mom quietly, she nodded and obediently followed. There was a short moment whilst everyone got themselves settled before Michael began talking, 'we recently found what we believed to be an asteroid flying at phenomenal speeds and we believed it's course to be this,' he gestured to the animated diagram, 'but then we noticed that it was gradually changing its course, so we re-mapped its destination point…' he clicked a button on his computer and even looked sorry to be the one delivering the news that it was headed straight for planet earth. Then he sighed and clicked another button and a box popped up showing it was going to go straight into Manhattan. There were gasps of disbelief around the room and a voice shouted out, 'Well what are we doing here? We should evacuate the area!' 'I'm afraid we simply don't have enough time.' Michael said looking down regretfully. 'Well how much time do we have?' the same voice asked. Michael said nothing just clicked another button on his computer and showed them how much time. 'Seventy-eight minutes.' He said under his breath as the people in the room continued to gasp and talk seriously. Helen's eyes connected with Michael's and he nodded gravely. She took her daughter's hand again, she didn't want to let go. Sophie, however, hadn't been paying attention and had been sitting quietly playing with the zip on her jacket, at this sudden contact she looked up though and noticed the giant digital clock on the screen, slowly ticking down. 'What's happening mommy?' she asked. 'Come on.' Helen said, standing up and leading her daughter. 'Where are we going?' 'TO call your brother.' 'He isn't my brother. And the army people said no cell phones…' 'Well then I guess I'm very naughty.' Helen said not even looking at her just searching around for the nearest bathrooms. Sophie didn't laugh, she could sense that something was wrong with her mother and so she allowed herself to be dragged along through the teeming crowds and into the bathroom without a single word of protest. She was pushed into a cubicle and Helen followed. She looked a bit surprised at this but Helen told her to sit on the toilet seat and be quiet so she did. Then Helen made the phone call to Jacob, the phone call to say goodbye.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 – Told you so Alannah The helicopter touched down and Helen looked down at her daughter, she didn't like seeing this eleven year old girl in a safety suit. She was just a child; if she could have her way then she would have left her with Isobel as well. But Michael had insisted she'd come, just so he could spend five minutes with her, it was a fair thing she supposed. Michael had known that this thing was coming and she couldn't blame him for wanting to spend five more minutes with his daughter. They were let out and were immediately bathed in an eerie mist-like fog. Helen grabbed hold of her hand but was also curios as to what lay behind the fog. She continued to walk forward with the rest of them. There were conversations going on around her but she ignored them until she heard questions she felt she could answer. 'Can you feel that?' she was overcome with an overpowering sense of impending… something. The fog cleared and they found themselves staring up at a colossal orb. The sphere looked above them, the swirling mass of greys and white's mixing together and then separating again, giving the illusion of a fresh, beautiful sky. 'It's so pretty!' Helen heard Sophie breathe. She nodded in agreement and vaguely felt Sophie's hand slip from her own. Suddenly the lights stopped swirling randomly and instead began to concentrate on one spot near the bottom of the sphere. Right in front of Helen, she began to walk closer to the sphere, there were voices in her ear but she ignored them. She was vaguely aware of Sophie wavering a couple of steps behind her but all her attention was focused on the shape emerging from the shadows. It looked like a man, but it couldn't be. The voice were becoming more and more frantic, building up and up until a gunshot and a silence. Helen flinched away from the blood which splattered her helmet and watched as the figure began to fall. Instinctively she held out her arms and caught the wounded figure. She felt Sophie drop to her knees beside her and saw her small gloved hands press over the wound. People swarmed around them, crowding them. 'Mommy we have to put pressure on the wound just like daddy told me!' Sophie said frantically. Suddenly there was a high-pitched squeal and everyone pulled their hands over their ears. A huge man walked out and strode over to Helen. He towered over them, completely black although he gave the impression that he was moving, its skin seemed to be literally crawling. He stretched his hand down towards the alien in Helen's arms. But then the alien seemed to emit a sound, and the massive man, stopped. The high-pitched squeal stopped and the electricity came back on, Helen looked down at the wounded person in her arms and watched as her daughter replaced her hands over the gunshot wound. Helen smiled at her daughter as the figure was loaded onto a stretcher and pulled her away as she wanted to help. 'It's ok; the Doctor's will take care of him.' She smiled softly, and began to lead Sophie quickly in the way that the alien had been taken.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 – I got my notepad confiscated in maths for writing this. Ah well, it's far more interesting than maths Helen couldn't help keeping sneaking glances up at the window where Sophie was stood with her nose pressed against the glass. The doctors were working hard to revive the being and Helen knew she had to be there, once they'd revived it they seemed to turn to her. 'What now?' one of the doctors asked. 'Do you have a surgeon?' Helen asked, the fetched him at once and soon Helen found herself stood with her daughter on the other side of the glass along with Michael. Sophie gripped her father's hand but Helen kept close, she still wasn't comfortable with Sophie seeing a surgery but it didn't seem to be affecting her. In fact she just looked curios and interested to understand what was going on. She listened intently at what the Doctor had to say, Michael needed to talk to them so he smiled and gestured for Sophie to press the button. She seemed to be honoured to. 'Put it on ice and we'll have it mapped for DNA testing.' He said officially. Helen suddenly had a thought. 'I'd like a sample too.' She said and Michael nodded and gestured for Sophie to take her finger off the button. She did so. The Doctor became confused as he went further and further into the being, he continued until he had finally found what was under the grey fleshy outer layer; he found the figure of a human being. 'Can you explain any of this?' Michael asked Helen, tightening his grip on Sophie's hand. She seemed irritated by this; she was more interested in watching this new life be uncovered. Helen shook her head slowly, but gently took a hold of Sophie's other hand, much to her annoyance. Six hours passed and each hour they surveyed it, or it, turned out to be a him. They cleaned him and clothed him and put him in a place which would keep him safe and all the while he remained unconscious. But no one touched him with their bare hands; he still hadn't made proper human contact. Helen and Michael were surveying him on the eighth hour and he was definitely human. Sophie trailed along behind and stood by the tent-like shield surrounding him. She peered curiously into one of the little portholes, she noticed that the porthole she was peering into could in fact have someone's hand pushed through it, it was split into four flaps which meant that someone's hand and arm could go through. She pulled back one of the flaps curiously before her mother scolded her. 'Sophie no.' she said sternly and Sophie drew back her hand, she could see the man's hand just in front of her. She imagined he must be scared, what did her mom do when she was scared? She held her hand. But then again, her mom had told her not to, and she couldn't say no to her mom. Helen went back to looking at the man, 'he's dreaming,' she whispered. 'Look Sophie,' she tried to make her daughter look but she was busy looking through her own flap. Suddenly a hand pushed against the tent and the man inside seemed to be fighting to get out. 'Get help!' Helen told the nurse on duty. Sophie didn't even think, she knew what her mommy would do and so, in an attempt to be a good person, she thrust her hand through the porthole and grabbed his hand. She didn't pay attention to her mother's protests and shouts for help but instead grabbed the man's hand. For a moment he went rigid, then he relaxed, and he grasped her hand back. She didn't know why but she found tears coming to her eyes, she felt everything the man felt, he was frightened, alone and lonely. and she felt small sparks of electricity shooting up her arm and spreading through her body, but it didn't make her want to let go, It made her hold on tighter, it felt warm and she felt the man's feelings again. He was feeling a little safer; a little less frightened now he knew that she was there. Sophie was happy to help. 'Sophie no!' she heard her mom shout, then her father echo it. He was breathing heavily, before his eyes rested on Helen, but Sophie refused to let go. 'He's looking at you.' Michael said softly, 'try saying something.' She paused and glanced at him gripping her daughters hand tight before she looked him in the eyes and spoke, 'My name is Doctor Helen Benson, and we're here to help you. You have nothing to fear.' He paused before repeating what she said in a whisper, 'Help you, nothing to fear.' It was as if he was rolling the language around his tongue. Helen drew back, surprised at this new discovery before she grabbed her daughters hand and drew it gently from the \"tent\". She pulled her to the corner of the room and Michael rushed over to them. 'Are you ok?' she asked, 'why did you do that?' 'Because I wanted to be like you. When I'm scared you hold my hand and I feel better. And I felt what he felt…' Sophie said indignantly, convinced she'd done the right thing. 'What? What do you mean?' Michael asked. Sophie sighed like it was the most obvious thing in the world. 'When I held his hand I felt that he was really scared and lonely, but once I held it he felt better. And then I got tiny little electric shocks all up my arms and all over my body and I felt really sad because I felt like I had a… connection with him.' She looked up at both her parents worried faces, 'did I do something wrong?' she asked, terrified of being reprimanded. 'No…' Helen said before Michael could say anything. Even thought they were both thinking the same thing. 'Do you still think you can sense what he feels?' Helen asked, and Sophie thought for a moment before nodding. 'I still feel connected to him.' She grinned; she was excited, thought it was all a big game and didn't see the bigger picture. Michael and Helen looked at each other; they were both thinking exactly the same thing. This alien man had made a special bond, with their eleven year old daughter.[Chapter 5] Chapter 5 Once Regina Jackson, the United States secretary of defence had arrived everything began to get quite hectic. Michael ordered Sophie to stay put and not to go near the man again, she tried to protest but he told her sternly. 'What are we going to do?' Helen asked him. 'There has to be a way to break it…' he whispered, making sure Sophie couldn't hear as she sat quietly in the corner. Thankfully her eyelids were beginning to drop from exhaustion. 'I don't think there is, but then again I'm no expert on alien bonding techniques!' Helen said bitterly. They were both slightly angry about this but didn't know how to address the problem. Their conversation was cut off as Sophie sped past them and into the room where the man was sleeping. 'What did you say?' she whispered, bending her head down to hear him. 'Water…' he croaked a little more loudly and suddenly Helen, Michael and Jackson entered. He drank a cup of water whilst they watched; Michael picked up Sophie and held her close, standing in the corner as far away from the alien as he could. 'Who are you?' Jackson asked, 'Who do you represent?' 'My name is Klaatu. I represent a series of species.' He said informatively. 'I need to speak with you leader.' 'I'm the closest you're going to get to our leader.' Regina smirked, 'So what do you want?' 'I will only speak with your leader.' He said decisively. The smirk disappeared from Jackson's face, to be replaced with a grimace of repulsion. She turned and flounced from the room, the others followed. Once they had left the room she packed up and down for a few minutes before beginning to issue orders. 'He will be sent to a secure location, drugged and interrogated. I need someone qualified to give him the injection.' She turned to Michael who was still gripping Sophie. 'No daddy!' Sophie squealed. 'What is that child even doing here?' Jackson asked irritably. 'With all due respect Ma'am, I thought that we were all going to be blown up, I wanted to spend a little more time with my daughter.' Michael said, 'and I refuse to do it.' 'Well it must be done!' 'I'll do it.' Helen said suddenly. 'No!' Sophie said, she was quickly hushed by Michael as Jackson shot her an annoyed glance. Sophie and Michael watched as Helen injected Klaatu. 'What's going to happen to him daddy?' Sophie asked, holding onto her father's hand. 'Will it hurt him?' 'No.' Michael said, not taking his eyes off of Helen injecting the liquid into his arm. Sophie wanted to go home, she was tired, she was scared but at the same time she wanted to spend more time with the strange alien man. But her mother wouldn't let her, she knew that. So she leant against her father, allowing her eyelids to drop from exhaustion. He sat her down and the last thing she saw before her eyelids closed completely and she drifted into a fitful sleep, were Klaatu's eyes connecting with her own.[Chapter 6] Chapter Six Sorry for the delayed update! Been writing so many stories! But now exams are over and I have loads of free time I'll update more I promise. When she woke up Sophie was at home in her bed, she got up quickly and ran across to the window, glancing outside she saw a normal day. A bleak sky with no sign of the sun, a few spots of rain falling from the heavens. But something was wrong; people were rushing about, panicking, packing up their cars to go away for what seemed like a long time. She looked confused and ran downstairs where Helen was cooking and Jacob was sat watching TV, it was the news. 'What's going on?' Sophie asked quietly, sitting next to Jacob on the couch. 'School's been cancelled on account of the alien's landing…' he said, not taking his eyes from the screen. 'Stop it you two.' Helen called from the kitchen; the children didn't bother ignoring her order and instead returned their full attention to the screen. The phone rang and after Helen answered and had a short conversation with whoever was on the other end they were being instructed to get on their coats and shoes and that they were going out. The car journey was short and Sophie fell asleep in the back seat, her dreams were filled with the voices of the strange, alien man, and when she woke up it was no different. She thought that it must just be her imagination but she was surprised to see the shape of the man sitting in front of her. Her jaw dropped in surprise at the sight of him but he put a finger to his lips in a motion to tell her to keep quiet. She did as instructed and kept her mouth shut; instead she chewed on her nails and stared out of the window as the country zoomed past them. Soon they were pulling in somewhere and both the children were surprised to see the familiar MacDonald's 'M' looming above them. 'MacDonald's?' Jacob said with a slightly sarcastic tone to his voice. He sighed and began to get out. 'Where are you going?' Helen asked quickly. 'Bathroom.' He said before leaving, Helen got out of the car too and so did the alien man. Sophie got out and looked at him. Their eyes connected and she suddenly felt afraid. Not of him, just of his presence, what he was there to do. She knew exactly what his plans were and she was afraid. 'Why are you doing this?' she asked, her voice shaking. He simply looked at her for a moment before responding. The rain was hammering down hard, flattening their hair to their foreheads but they didn't seem to care. 'I need to save the earth.' He said simply before walking towards the restaurant. Helen took Sophie's hand and led her inside behind him. He met someone and Helen sat at a different table with her children and another man. 'What are they talking about?' Jacob asked Helen and she shrugged. She couldn't take her eyes off of the two men talking though. Something was going on, she was desperate to know what but she was afraid to ask. Afraid of the answer. She knew that Sophie knew but she didn't want to scare her daughter further. They finished eating and left the restaurant, getting in the car they began to drive again, Sophie gazed out of the window, trying to sort out the jumble of things in her head. Trying to sort between her own thoughts and the thoughts of Klaatu. It was confusing and hurt her head a little, could he hear all her thoughts too. She moved her gaze to the mirror where she found her eyes connecting with the alien mans again, she concluded that this meant he could hear her thoughts too. She thought she saw a small smile on his lips. They drove to a wood and Klaatu got out, Sophie watched and avoided looking at Jacob who was angry at the fact that they were running around doing everything this strange man wanted them to. He didn't understand that this man wanted to save the Earth, she didn't understand how he was going to save it, but she knew that was what he planned to do. Every time she tried to read his mind to find out what his plans were he would shut her off and he would be angry at her so she wouldn't do it again for a while. Her mother and Jacob got out of the car but she stayed put. Staring at the seat in front of her as she tried to sort out the mess in her head. She was brought out of her thoughts by a sudden white light; she looked out of the window and kneeled up on the seat to get a better look at it. She could see a bright orb rising up and the silhouettes of Klaatu and her mother. Jacob her mother turned around and began back towards the car. Sophie shuffled over so Jacob could get in and together they pressed themselves to the window so they could see what was going on. \"Who is he?\" Jacob asked her softly. They had never been close, but they had once played together and were happy to act as brother and sister. And he trusted her and knew when there was something going on. \"He's special,\" she breathed, not taking her eyes off of the alien as he and Helen argued. \"Special?\" \"Yeah, really special. But he's good, in his heart. I know he is.\" \"How do you know him?\" \"I met him last night. When me and mom went to see dad.\" \"What happened there?\" \"Stuff.\" \"You're not telling me anything.\" \"I can't Jacob.\" \"Why not?\" \"Because I don't understand what I know…\" At this Jacob turned to look at his sister who remained staring at Klaatu. It was strange; they were both scared but more so curious. They wanted to know what was going to happen, whether it hurt them or not. But they had no inclinations as to what it could be. A police car pulled up and Sophie finally tore her eyes away from the man by the car and watched as the police man got out and spoke to them. Helen opened the door and Sophie and Jacob scrambled out, both clinging to Helen. Sophie remained silent, half-hiding behind her mother as she watched the policeman training his gun on Klaatu. Fear spiked in her heart, Klaatu couldn't die, he just couldn't. She gripped her mother's arm and gasped, but Klaatu's presence was dulling the spike, calming her and she trusted him. Her mother's scream made her jump, but not as much as the impact of the car on the police officers body did. She remained rooted to the spot and was unable to wrench her eyes from the dead man's body. She let out a small whimper as her mother ushered her back into the car. Once there she collapsed in her seat, not watching as Jacob was but she stared at the seat in front of her. Not wanting to witness the man being brought back to life. She felt the electricity surge through her as it surged through Klaatu and it hurt. She curled up in her seat and whimpered slightly as her heart burned with electricity. She couldn't stop the connection she had with Klaatu; it was something of a blessing. But also of a curse. A/N: I promise that I will be updating more now exams are finished and hopefully I can move on with this story because I am really starting to get into it again![Chapter 7] Chapter Seven Sophie and Jacob had been to the old Professor's home many times before, so when they were ushered through the door and told to make themselves comfortable they weren't awkward or unsure. There were two couches, Jacob took one and Helen walked over to take off his shoes and talk to him as she draped a blanket over him. Sophie sat on the other and took off her own shoes, she did this for a moment before she felt eyes on her and she looked up to see Klaatu staring at her. She paused for a moment before kicking off her shoes and lying down on the couch, she was shattered. She pulled a blanket over herself and after a moment there were hands over her own. Klaatu's hands. She allowed him to tuck her in and then kneel down beside her. He put a hand to her head and stroked her hair gently. \"You need rest,\" he whispered and she just stared at him. \"I am sorry Sophie, I never meant for this to happen to you.\" \"I'm not, I'm glad it did. I like knowing you, I like being able to tell your thoughts.\" \"You are only a child; you do not understand such things. But you must sleep now. Rest.\" As he moved forward to touch his lips lightly to her forehead she dropped instantly into a deep sleep and she went limp on the couch. Helen watched as this happened but turned and left the room as Klaatu was standing up. As he turned to leave Jacob spoke to him. \"What have you done to her?\" he asked, he was defiant yet a little scared. \"There is a bond between her and I. She initiated it when we first met.\" Klaatu explained. \"A bond?\" \"Yes. It means that we can feel each other's feelings. And share each other's thoughts.\" \"She's just eleven. You're old.\" \"I understand that. But she initiated it, so it cannot be a wrong match.\" With that, Klaatu left. Leaving just Jacob to look over at his older sister and flick between the channels, searching for something to watch. What felt like moments later to Sophie she was being shaken awake and told to get her shoes on so that they could leave. She didn't understand why her mother was in a rush but she went along with her. She pulled on her jacket as they ran out into the rain, her jacket was hardly waterproof and it didn't take long before her hair was plastered to her scalp. She ran to Klaatu's side and stuck close by him, constantly whipping her head around to catch a sight of her mother or Jacob. She could only watch as her mother was grabbed and pulled aboard a helicopter, kicking and screaming. \"Mommy!\" she screamed, aiming to run towards her but Klaatu grabbed her wrist and pulled her back. \"She's gone.\" He said plainly and she looked up at him, suddenly very afraid of him now her mother wasn't there to protect her. He was a strange alien man who seemed to have an astonishing amount of control and influence over her and was now telling her to abandon her own mother. She pulled her wrist free and backed away from him, straight into Jacob. The two children clung to each other and began to run, they were aware of Klaatu following them but they continued to run anyway. They crossed a bridge over a stream and Sophie ran straight to the other side, Jacob paused and turned back to face Klaatu. Sophie kept her mouth shut as Jacob and Klaatu spoke, she didn't even flinch as Jacob fell but Klaatu caught him. It was as if this was all a dream, none of it was real, all her sensations were being clouded and dulled by Klaatu. It was his attempt at protecting her and getting her to trust him, but she just couldn't. She'd seen inside his head and she knew of his and GORT's attempts to rid the earth of mankind. But Klaatu's presence in her mind was growing ever stronger; she couldn't fight against him anymore or feel anger against him. He was becoming so overpowering that she felt dizzy and weak. They were walking through the trees when she called out for her brother, even her own voice sounded like it was being uttered a hundred miles away. It was muffled and she was simply aware of arms around her and then her world went dark. A/N: I'm so close to the end of this bit of the story! I really want to move on to the next bit which is why I'm hurrying this a little bit, hope you don't mind![Chapter 8] Chapter Eight When Sophie awoke she was lying on the ground under a bridge. She groaned and turned her head. She could see the swarm of miniscule robots outside and a few metres away from her, Jacob and her mother sat with their arms being held by Klaatu and Sophie instantly realised that he was removing these robots from their blood stream before they were killed. Sophie sat up, she knew the robots were inside her too but she didn't really mind. They recognized the presence of Klaatu in her mind and so their attack on her blood stream was slowed down. She sat up as Klaatu stood and went to walk from underneath the bridge. She clambered up and called after him, \"Klaatu!\" she cried, running past her brother and mother to get to him. He stopped and turned, she could feel the robots working out that she was in fact human and starting to attack but she was more concerned about Klaatu risking his life to save them. \"Don't go…\" she whispered as her nose began to leak blood. Her legs were still weak after she'd been unconscious and she felt them collapsing beneath her as the robots worked through her blood. He caught her neatly and put a hand to her cheek, even now he showed no emotion. She kept forgetting he wasn't human. He drew the robots out from her cheek and into his own bloodstream and she looked up at him with wide eyes. \"You will be safe.\" Klaatu said softly, \"We will meet again one day, I promise you.\" She wanted to say something more but there was nothing she could say. He stood up and helped her to her feet. She watched as he waded out into the swarm towards the orb, once he was out of sight she ran back to her mother and Jacob. She clung to them and waited for the swarm to drop, only then did they dare venture out from under the bridge. Sophie watched as the orb rose up into the sky and she could feel him leaving. She was expecting the feeling of his presence within her to leave as well but it remained and she could feel them being torn further and further apart. It hurt a little but she didn't really mind, she was more interested in watching the orb travel away, safe with the knowledge that he would come back to earth one day. A/N: I know this chapter is stupidly short but it's finally finished this little bit so I can move on to the interesting lot! Thank you, please keep reading![Chapter 9] Chapter Nine Sixteen years. It seemed to have passed in an instant but still so much had changed. The human race had begun to clean up their act and the world was beginning to become a greener, and better place. It was taking a long time and they were moving in baby steps but they were moving in the right direction and they knew that this put them in a good place. Yet still, Sophie Benson had the nightmare. She started having it when she was eleven years old, straight after Klaatu had returned to wherever he came from, straight after he'd saved them, straight after he'd taken the deadly bugs from her family's arms. They had begun and since that very night she'd had them every night, they terrorised her nights and haunted her days. She could never remember the nightmare after she'd had it, but always recognised it when it began. Tonight it was different; it began in the same way, the huge orb falling from the star-strewn sky, then guns all around and hope and excitement rising in her. Simply the memory of an eleven year old her. The hope and excitement for the return of Klaatu. But then it changed, the orb collapsed in on itself and all the people vanished, she alone was left standing in the cold darkness that stretched out around her in all directions with seemingly no end. Then, there was a low ringing sound, insistently drumming in her eyes, she tried to cover them but it didn't block it out. It got louder and louder, rising in a painful, echoing crescendo. She was screaming in pain, her head splitting, fighting against the darkness which seemed to be intensifying with every one of her heartbeats. And then she woke up. She was sitting bolt upright in her bed, sweat on her brow and gasping for breath. She rubbed her eyes, wiping away the tears and scolded herself. Women at the age of twenty-seven should not cry at nightmares. She lived in a small flat by central park, it was expensive but she loved it and couldn't bear to give it up. She squeezed her eyes shut before opening them again and blinking rapidly a few times in the harsh light. Harsh light? It was the middle of the night. She looked around, confused, before noticing that the light was streaming through the blinds in her window. She scrambled out of bed, and crossed to the window, her bare feet padding on the carpeted floor. She had been sleeping in shorts and a strappy t-shirt and suddenly felt too exposed in her own home. But she didn't care; she snapped open the blinds quickly and gazed out at central park. Her jaw dropped and she found tears behind her eyes that had nothing to do with the nightmare. The enormous orb glowed in the centre of the park and was surrounded once more by the army. But this wasn't a defence as before, this was a welcoming. They were welcoming him back, but there was confusion. The connection was re-established as soon as she glanced at the orb and it hit her in the gut like a bullet. She gasped and put a hand to her stomach in pain as a mixture of feelings and everything she'd missed flooded into her in one instant. But it was gone as quickly as it had come, leaving her to simply stare out of her window at the chaos below. But there was something more, she felt it. Behind her. \"I thought you were gone for good.\" She said quietly, not turning, \"I thought you weren't coming back. We are changing our ways, we're getting better. Why are you here?\" she asked and his reply made her heart leap. \"I am not here for the errors of your ways. You have been improving; there is a new crisis that is to be averted.\" \"So you're going to kill us?\" \"No. I am here to help you. Since my last visit we have been impressed with the way you have changed, and therefore we reach out our protection to you.\" \"Protection from what?\" He paused before replying, \"There is another civilisation, they are aiming to take over the universe and Earth is their next target.\" Sophie turned slowly to face him. He was wearing the same suit as before and was stood awkwardly in her doorway, half covered by shadow. They looked at each other for a few minutes. \"How can you help us?\" she asked, even quieter than before. \"There will be a war.\" \"A war? Will people get hurt? Not your people, my people, humans?\" \"There is that chance, but our aim is for minimal casualties.\" \"Will you get hurt?\" There was another agonising pause. \"That is a high possibility.\" \"Then I will too.\" She said quickly. She understood what this bond meant. \"Can I ask you something?\" \"You have been for the past five minutes.\" \"This is different. I mean, can I have your permission to do something… human?\" \"You are human so, of course.\" \"Good,\" she nodded, \"Come into the light.\" She stood still and watched while he walked a little way into her bedroom and she could see him. It was like he hadn't changed at all. Once he'd stopped she strode forward and threw her arms around his neck, burying her face in his shoulder and holding him tight. He was momentarily confused before he wrapped his own arms around her waist and held her back tightly. He didn't always understand human customs, but this felt right. \"Why did you have to leave?\" he heard her say into his shoulder, her voice muffled but still quavering. \"It was necessary to save you…\" he whispered in return, he wasn't used to emotions but he allowed himself to feel her pain from the separation and loss of him. And he realised that this was how he was meant to have felt too. He was confused about how feelings were starting to develop inside of him, he was unused to feelings and, whilst he welcomed them, he wasn't sure whether he liked them or not. \"But did you want to?\" He held her out at arm's length and shook his head slowly, saddened by the tears in her eyes. \"I did not wish to leave you, but if I had not then you would have been killed, which would have hurt me even more.\" He said quietly and she nodded, wiping away the tears from her eyes quickly and smiling. \"I'm sorry. I'm being stupid.\" She laughed quietly but he shook his head, dropping his arms. \"No, you are being human.\"[Chapter 10] Chapter 10 \"Yeah mom, yeah I know… Is Jacob with you?\" Klaatu watched as Sophie spoke into the phone whilst frying eggs at the same time for breakfast. Four hours had passed since Klaatu had arrived in her apartment and the time was now eight AM. She'd dozed off again and he'd watched her sleep for a while before wandering around her apartment. She'd changed so much since they'd last met. When they'd been together last time she had been a child, scared of her own shadow. Now, she'd grown up. She was a woman. Her apartment reflected her personality, the colours were all blues and creams and everything was spotless and neat. She woke up about half seven and after brushing her teeth and pulling her hair into a ponytail, she'd immediately called her mother. Klaatu remembered Helen and Jacob, and, despite the imminent danger they were in, he looked forward to seeing them again. Just as he'd looked forward to seeing Sophie and had looked for her as soon as he'd arrived, he was now sat at her kitchen table, watching her cook their breakfast in her shorts and strappy top. \"Okay, so we can come over later?\" she asked, scooping the eggs onto readily waiting, buttered toast on plates. \"Okay, thanks mom! Love you too, bye.\" She hung up the phone before putting it onto the counter and turning with the plates, she set them down on the table before turning off the cooker and sitting down opposite Klaatu. \"We're gonna go see mom and Jacob later. We can help you. We'll do whatever we can to help you Klaatu.\" She said, starting on her breakfast, he found he was hungry and so began on his too. \"Sophie, you cannot do anything. If there is going to be a war then only I can fight.\" \"You can't fight a war on your own. You have no hope of winning like that!\" \"You cannot fight. They will kill you.\" \"Then I will go down fighting!\" \"Sophie. You cannot.\" He said dismissively although he knew this would not be the end of their conversation. They ate in silence until they finished and then Sophie paused for a minute before standing up quickly. \"Right, you're gonna pull your weight around here. You're gonna wash up.\" He just looked at her so she sauntered out and a few minutes later he heard the shower starting. He sighed before standing up and washing up the plates and cutlery. He didn't understand why they were being so slow about this, they didn't seem to understand that this would mean such a change for them, and they were dawdling. When she emerged from her room she was showered, her hair fell in a long plait down her back and she was wearing a pair of jeans and a shirt. \"So how long do we have before our imminent doom?\" she said, her bare feet padding on the soft carpet as she walked over to him. \"I don't know, but it's not long.\" \"Well mom said we're welcome over at any point today. Jacob's there, she lives about an hour away and it's…\" she glanced up at a clock, \"Half eight. Let's go?\" \"You're nowhere near ready.\" He observed and she laughed. \"I will be by about nine! I promise!\" At half nine they were leaving the flat after Sophie had a crisis about deciding which shoes to wear. Klaatu was completely bewildered as to how human women could take so long! She got into her car and he got into the passenger seat. She began to drive and Klaatu observed the people around him, how the world had changed in sixteen years. The army who were looking up at the sphere and GORT who had emerged to protect Klaatu. GORT was the one thing about Klaatu that terrified Sophie, she'd first encountered him as an eleven year old girl and she could only remember him towering above her and his hand lowering down to reach out for her and her mother. She remembered thinking she was going to be snatched up and eaten; she smiled at herself now for her childlike stupidity. \"What's so funny?\" he asked her and she couldn't stop the smile turning to a grin, but she didn't take her eyes from the road. \"Nothing! I was just remembering how scared I was when I first met GORT! And what I had been thinking at the time, I found it funny.\" \"What did you think?\" \"You know what I thought; you can read my thoughts at your will!\" \"I'd prefer to have a real conversation.\" She smiled, impressed and happy with his attempts to adapt to human ways. \"Well, I thought he was going to pick me up and eat me.\" \"Eat you?\" \"Yes. I was eleven, shut up.\" She grinned and even he couldn't stop the slight smile as he gazed out of the window. \"Are you gonna stay this time?\" she asked quietly. \"What do you mean?\" \"Are you gonna stay on Earth? Or are you gonna do your thing and then disappear again?\" He paused before replying. \"Sophie… After this is over, there may not be a me to leave.\" \"Don't…\" she whispered. \"Don't what?\" \"Don't talk like that, I can't take it. That's the problem with you. You're so… un-human, you don't understand human emotions, or how we cope, or the fact that if someone we love dies it kinda kills us a little bit too!\" He paused again and she realised what she'd said, they were close to her mother's house now though. \"Someone you love..?\" he asked but she interrupted him sharply. \"We're not talking about this right now.\" She said, ending the conversation, her face stony and staring ahead at the road. She turned into the drive and they got out, she led the way up the path and walked through the door, calling out. \"Hey mom! Jacob! We're here!\" she called out and Klaatu looked around, he was a bit nervous as Sophie kicked off her shoes and he wondered why she'd spent so long choosing her shoes if she was barely going to wear them. He followed her through the house and they found Helen and Jacob at the dining room table drinking coffee. They smiled at him and greeted him warmly. They both sat down too and Klaatu filled them in on everything he'd told Sophie, she was deliberately not looking at him. \"What the war about?\" Helen asked. \"It is a simple war, territory. The race in question simply wants more planets to take over.\" \"So it's going to invade ours? Why?\" \"Because they think you are unprotected.\" \"But you're going to protect us?\" \"Yes.\" \"Why?\" \"Do you not wish me to?\" \"Of course I want you to, I just wanna know why, why are you back here in our lives?\" \"Because I am here to protect you. I wanted to come back before…\" he said slowly and this was the first time Sophie looked up at him, but avoiding his eye, \"I missed the Earth, I missed you…\" he was speaking to them all but Sophie felt like he was speaking to her specifically. She looked up and met his eye at last; they looked at each other for a moment before she looked away sharply. She stared at the ground, trying very hard not to look at any of them. She couldn't bear the embarrassment of what she'd said in the car. She hadn't meant to say it, she'd been thinking it since she was around seventeen years old but she was always too scared to admit it openly to herself rather than in passing to him. She was mortified, but she couldn't turn him away. She would have to grit her teeth, bear it, and await the following conversation.[Chapter 11] Chapter 11 Jacob and his big sister stood in the kitchen with mugs of coffee whilst Helen and Klaatu were talking in the living room. Sophie had forgotten what it was like to spend time with her family, she wished she saw them more but she just never had the time anymore. She missed them; she missed the conversations she could have with them. She and Jacob were smiling now, they were having an easygoing conversation, and they hadn't had an easygoing conversation in so long. They'd hardly seen each other since she moved out and he went to college. \"So what's going on with you and Klaatu?\" he asked her, he was looking at her curiously, but he wasn't pressing her. He was smiling gently with narrowed eyes; he wanted to know for the sake of gossip but also to protect his big sister. She sighed before answering, leaning back against the counter. \"I don't know.\" \"You always looked forward so much to him coming back but now you're hardly even looking at him. And if what he's saying is true, then shouldn't you wanna spend time with him? He might die, Soph. Surely you wanna spend as much time with him as possible?\" She took a sip of coffee and looked at him, \"It's complicated. He showed up at my apartment in the middle of the night and I looked at him, and everything had changed! When I was eleven I looked up to him, he was a scary alien who I naively thought it was my job to protect. But that was sixteen years ago Jacob, now it's different. I look at him, and he's not a scary alien. He's a man, and I'm a woman…\" \"Oh my God…\" he gasped and she looked at him, alarmed. \"What?\" \"You totally have a crush on Klaatu!\" he said excitedly and she glared at him. \"A crush? What, are we sixth grade again now?\" \"Come on Soph. You like him.\" \"I think it's worse than that Jacob.\" She paused and sighed, he waited for her to go on so she thought that she might as well tell him everything. \"On the way over here, I told him I love him… It was indirect and I didn't even realise it was coming out of my mouth but he did. I'm not sure I can have that conversation with him, I'm not ready for it but I know that he will want to have it. I don't know what to do.\" \"Just have the conversation! Who knows maybe he has a crush on you too!\" he grinned and she punched him playfully in the arm, sighing. \"You're such a child.\" \"Sophie! Jacob!\" Helen called from the other room and they put their coffees on the side before walking into the living room. Klaatu was stood and Helen was still sat, Jacob sat down beside his step-mother and Sophie remained in the doorway, leaning against the doorframe. \"I would say we have a few weeks before the other race will decide to attack against the Earth. We will have to plan the defence meticulously.\" Klaatu stated, looking at each of them in turn. \"There are different people in charge now; they won't just go along with this. Trust me, I've met the new head army general and he is not a nice guy.\" Helen said. \"There is no time for petty quarrels.\" \"They won't listen to you Klaatu; they will be like they were before I can guarantee that.\" \"I have to try.\" \"Wait…\" Sophie said quickly, \"Try what? What are you doing Klaatu?\" \"I need to have access to the Earths defence system.\" \"How?\" \"I need to get into the military base.\" \"You're insane. Mom's right they will kill you! They will literally shoot on site!\" \"I have no other choice.\" \"There have to be loads of other choices!\" \"Sophie…\" \"I will not let you be killed for us!\" she didn't realise she was yelling. There was a silence in the room and Helen stood up, hitting Jacob's shoulder as she did. \"Maybe we should give them a moment Jacob…\" she said and they both left, leaving Sophie alone with Klaatu. They stood in silence for a moment, staring across the room at each other. \"Please don't do this…\" Sophie whispered. He looked at her with pain in his eyes. \"I must.\" \"There's gotta be something else. They will kill you. You cannot die, I just got you back! You can't die. Not now. Not at all!\" \"This is the only way.\" She glared at him with tears in her eyes. \"Fine. Then I'm coming with you.\" \"No.\" \"Yes and don't you dare argue!\" \"I don't understand why you're…\" \"Yes because you don't understand anything!\" She was yelling again, \"You don't understand how I feel! You don't understand anything about me or you or humans!\" \"I thought you didn't want to have this conversation?\" the softness of his voice upset her even more. \"We're not! We're not having this conversation, especially not right now. But I'm trying to make you see! I'm trying to make you understand that I have feelings… for you, in any form and you have to understand that I hurt! I hurt when you're not here, or when you get hurt and God, if you got killed, I don't even know how I'd feel. You do not understand how pissed I am at you right now!\" \"Sophie please…\" \"Just shut up!\" she turned her back and put her head in her hands, holding back the tears. She dropped her hands and rolled her head back up but kept her eyes shut, this was the only way she thought she could stop the tears. There was a moment of chilled silence before she felt a touch on her shoulders, Klaatu's fingers trailed down her upper arms before wrapping around her waist from behind. \"What are you doing?\" she whispered, opening her eyes and a solitary tear escaped her control. \"I'm trying to understand,\" he whispered into her ear and she felt shivers go down her spine. He held her close and buried his face in her shoulder, she put her arms over his and melted back into him, enjoying the sensation of him holding her far too much than she probably should. \"Finally!\" came a voice from behind them and they came apart, looking back to find Jacob and Helen stood in the doorway. Jacob has been the one to speak. \"Shut up.\" Sophie said, her cheeks burning red.[Chapter 12] Chapter 12 WARNING: Innuendos toward the end of the chapter. They remained at Helen's home for the rest of the day before Sophie drove them back to her apartment. They drove home in a slightly awkward silence which was even starting to get to Klaatu. He wasn't sure he liked these human feelings that were starting to infest inside him at all. It was already quite late, nearing nine o'clock by the time they'd left, meaning it was closer to ten by the time they actually arrived back at her apartment in central New York. She let them in and flicked on the lights, they'd eaten at Helen's and suddenly she felt incredibly awkward to be alone with him. They were both very clear on their feelings for one another and now in a darkened apartment everything seemed so much heightened and every move made towards each other more dramatic. Sophie shut the door behind them and locked it again and they remained in the small hallway, the bulb in the hallway had blown a while ago and so the only light came from the kitchen where she'd flicked it on. It left them in a half-darkness, stood very close together in the cramped hallway. They looked at each for a few moments, just staring at each other and trying to suss what the other was going to do next. Sophie was the one to break eye contact and push past him into the next room. She threw her keys down onto the table and pulled her hair out of her plait, fanning it out and allowing it to flow wildly around her shoulders and down her back. She ran a hand through it and sighed, she wished that Klaatu were more human. Just to understand her a bit more, just to understand her feelings and what she wanted. She turned around to look at him to see him stifling a yawn and she couldn't help but find it funny. \"You're more human than you let on aren't you?\" she asked him, grinning and he looked at her curiously. \"I'm unfamiliar with this sensation.\" \"You're tired, Klaatu. You need sleep. Come on.\" She led the way into the bedroom, flicking off the lights and took out her pyjamas she went into the bathroom to change and brush her teeth before emerging and clambering into her bed, pulling up the duvet around her she went to switch off her light before she noticed Klaatu stood in the middle of the room looking confused. She looked up at him and smiled. \"You're human, yes?\" she asked him. \"Yes,\" he replied, \"And I am tired, but, I have never done… this before.\" He said looking at the bed apprehensively. \"Okay, well you can't sleep in a suit. You wear a T-shit and probably boxer shorts or I might have some trousers,\" she smiled gently getting back out of bed and walking over to her drawers. \"Thank you.\" He said and she smiled in return, she gave him the clothes and turned her back whilst he changed. Once he was done she got into bed again, but still he seemed wary. \"Okay,\" she said, sitting up and leaning against the headboard, \"just get into the bed, come on, it's not hard!\" she grinned. He climbed into the bed and sat beside her, still looking daunted by the idea of sleeping. Sophie brought her knees up and clasped her hands around them, hugging them to her chest. Her face fell slowly and all signs of a joke were gone as she looked across the room and into the distance. \"I wasn't kidding you know, when I said I can't let you die. Klaatu, you evidently don't understand human emotions or customs or anything about the human race so I'm going to explain something to you, very plain and very simple. I love you. And that means that it's nothing to do with a bond or anything stupid like that it is quite simply that I can't bear to see you get hurt let alone die. It will literally kill me, and not because I can feel your pain or anything to do with this goddamn bond quite simply because I love you. Love means something in our race it means that we care for each other, especially those we love, so you've got to trust me when I tell you that I will do anything… anything to protect you, to help you. I love you.\" She finished but didn't look at him. She felt glad to have got it off her chest but the silence that ensued after it scared her ever so slightly. It was like being in high school all over again and your crush found out you liked them and the next day they started talking to you and your heart stopped for the entirety of the conversation. \"I do understand love.\" He said softly after what seemed like an age and her breath caught in her throat, her heart was racing but she still didn't look at him. \"Our people have a very deep understanding of love, and it's very similar to the human understanding of love. Sophie, the bond we have is not stupid or ridiculous in any way. It has helped me to understand the human race, their ways and their emotions more than I ever thought I could. Sophie, without you I would not have been able to contract human emotions myself, and without that the following statement could not be true in any way as I could never mean it truly. But thanks to you, I can, I can say it and I can mean it. Sophie, I love you.\" At this declaration she looked up at him with a mixture of relief and shock coursing through her veins. Her heart was still going at one hundred miles an hour and she was having a little difficulty breathing but she continued looking at him. After a moment he looked back at her and what seemed like a mere second later his lips were on hers. It was the first time she'd felt he was really human, their lips moved roughly against each other's and suddenly their bodies were pressed together, their legs entwining and their hands exploring their partner's body. He lay her down and lay on top of her. He paused for a moment and looked down at her; her eyes were bright as she looked back up at him. Before he leaned down again, he positioned himself on top of her before leaning down to kiss her roughly once more.[Chapter 13] Chapter 13 The huge orb was falling from the star-strewn sky above her, the guns were all around and hope and excitement was rising in her. But this was wrong; she already knew that Klaatu was here, it didn't stop her remembering. And then it changed as it had before, the orb collapsed in on itself and all the people vanished, she alone was left standing in the cold darkness that stretched out around her in all directions with seemingly no end. Then, there was the low ringing sound, insistently drumming in her ears, she tried to cover them but it didn't block it out. It got louder and louder, rising in a painful, echoing crescendo. She was screaming in pain, her head splitting, fighting against the darkness which seemed to be intensifying with every one of her heartbeats. She wished she could wake up but she didn't know how to, she didn't know how to escape from the pain and so she screamed louder. Her body falling to the ground and writhing in pain, she needed to wake up but she didn't know how, she was terrified. But then there were arms around her and she was awake, shaking with tears pouring down her face but there were arms around her, protecting her. She buried her face in Klaatu's bare chest and whilst she knew he had no clue what he was doing and he was going on gut instinct she still appreciated the gesture. He kissed the top of her head and held her tightly, they remained in this embrace for a number of minutes before she pulled away, and she sat up and wiped her eyes. The sunlight was filtering through the blinds and she glanced at the clock and saw that the time was nearing eight. Without speaking, not trusting her mouth not to blurt out everything that had happened in her nightmare, she got out of bed and pulled on some clothes. She went into the bathroom and showered quickly, allowing the cool water to soothe her memories of her nightmare and calm her down. It washed away the sweat along with the painful memories. Once she was out of the shower she brushed her teeth and looked at herself in the mirror, only then, did she allow herself to remember back before the nightmare, before she'd even fallen asleep. The time with Klaatu, she smiled to herself at this and looked herself over in the mirror, she felt happy, there was a warm glow in her gut and she smiled. But her smile dropped as a thought occurred to her, did they use protection? She couldn't remember, and she was suddenly afraid. She forcefully put it from her mind, she had better things to be thinking about than a potential pregnancy which probably couldn't even happen as she was a human and he was an alien. There was probably nothing, but it worried her all the same. She ignored the feeling in her gut, the fear, and continued to brush her teeth. Once she was done she went back into her bedroom, Klaatu was making the bed when she came in, he was dressed in his suit and his pyjamas were folded neatly on her chair. She stood and watched him with a smile and he caught sight of her and looked up, a slight smile in his eyes. \"Breakfast?\" she asked quietly and he nodded. \"Sounds great.\"[Chapter 14] Chapter 14 The whole idea that she might be pregnant by Klaatu completely slipped her mind over the course of the next six weeks. They worked closely together, more professionally than in a relationship, they planned meticulously their way into the army base and Sophie noted with gratitude how much easier it had been when her father was alive and how easy it would be to get into the base if he were still alive. She remembered how her mother had explained that Michael, her father, had gone to join Jacobs father in heaven when she was asleep but one day he would come back to her and he would forever be watching over her. Of course, as she'd grown up she'd understood more that this meant she was never going to see him again. That he was gone forever. Which was a real shame in this instance, for his help would have been greatly appreciated. If anything went wrong they would either be captured, tortured and interrogated, or shot on site. Sophie didn't really have a liking towards either options and would rather the plan go smoothly. But something told her it wouldn't be that simple. In that space of time they didn't sleep together again, whilst they shared the odd kiss and shared the same bed they never had intercourse again. And it was only after these six weeks that Sophie was reminded it had even happened. She'd left Klaatu in the flat to work over the plans whilst she went to visit Jacob in his apartment which was just a twenty minute drive from her home. She was fine, she only started to feel queasy when she arrived and tried to brush it off but she couldn't and halfway through a conversation she was forced to excuse herself and rush to the bathroom. Jacob followed and held her hair scraped away from her face as she was violently sick. As she cleaned herself up and sipped at the water Jacob fetched for her he leaned against the doorframe and observed her curiously. \"What's up with you?\" he asked, a tinge of amusement in his voice which earned a glare from his sister, she also shrugged and leant against the sink, facing him. \"I dunno, I felt fine this morning. Probably Klaatu's cooking.\" \"Wait…\" Jacob said quickly, all signs of a joke gone and he was deadly serious, \"Klaatu's been staying with you?\" \"Yeah…\" she nodded slowly, taking another sip of water. \"You don't have a spare room, so he's been sharing your bed, and you're totally into each other and… don't take this the wrong way, but you're a little bit a of a slut, so have you two…?\" Her face paled and she recalled that night the weeks before. \"Oh my God, no…\" she breathed and he grabbed her wrist and then his keys. He pushed her out the front door before following and then locking the flat behind them. He rushed down the steps and she followed in a little bit a daze. Her mind was numb but whirring. She couldn't comprehend that this might actually be happening. She only followed Jacob as he walked into the pharmacy and bought the pregnancy test. Without speaking she followed him home and obeyed as he thrust the pregnancy test into her hands and pushed her into the bathroom, slamming the door shut behind her. She simply stood there for a moment, far too dazed to think about what was happening before she blinked a couple of times and looked down at the pregnancy test in her hands. She read the instructions and did as they told her. Once she was done she washed her hands thoroughly, leaving the test behind her. She didn't want to turn; she didn't want to see the result. She could imagine scenarios with both results. If she wasn't pregnant everything would be fine and she and Jacob could just laugh about it at a later time and Klaatu would never even have to know it had happened! But if it said positive… She had two options then, to tell Klaatu, or not to tell Klaatu. If she told Klaatu she could imagine him either being so happy and vowing to stay here on earth with her forever and marry her and give into his human customs. But he would also become overly protective and not allow her to partake in their plans to break into the army base which would only be annoying to her. But he could also take it in a very different way and run away from her forever. Then she would be left with this little half-alien baby forever with no man to help her. There was no way she was ready to be a mother that was one thing she was certain of. And if she didn't tell him then he would never know and he would go back to wherever he came from and she would be left with this child and no clue what to do. What would this child even be like? She imagined some horrible monstrosity like the kid in Twilight that nearly killed Bella and she was suddenly terrified. What if she was incapable of loving this child? She was so worried about how it could all turn out that she completely lost track of time and was only brought out of her thoughts when Jacob hammered on the door and demanded to know the results. She slowly turned around and picked up the pregnancy test. She rarely made a habit of swearing but when she saw the result of the test she couldn't help herself. \"Holy shit…\" A/N: Apologies for a bit of bad language there, it just felt needed! Hope you're enjoying it![Chapter 15] Chapter 15 WARNING: Swearing in this chapter. She and Jacob sat opposite each other, neither of them spoke, they just both stared down at the pregnancy test on the table between them. The test that read positive. After roughly five minutes of just staring Jacob spoke. \"Would you like some tea?\" he asked and her reply was instantaneous. \"Yes please.\" She said without a second delay. He got up and went into the kitchen where she could hear him bustling around and making tea. God did she need tea, of course she would have liked something stronger, like alcohol, but now she couldn't. She was pregnant. She couldn't quite wrap her head around the idea; it was too extravagant, too out of this world. She dreaded Klaatu's reaction, how the hell could she tell him? Jacob re-entered and placed her tea in front of her, she sipped at it gratefully. Enjoying the burn of the searing hot liquid down her throat, it was comforting to her, despite the fact that it hurt a little. She liked it; the pain gave her a bit of a distraction to what was going on at present. And they returned to staring at the test again, the only difference this time was the mugs of tea in their hands. \"What am I gonna do Jacob?\" Sophie whispered after what must have been an age. \"I dunno Soph. But you gotta tell Klaatu.\" \"How? How the fuck do I tell him about this?\" she asked, completely bewildered with her situation and shaking her head. He opened his mouth to reply with a shrug. \"I can honestly say I don't know.\" He said quietly. \"Maybe if you just blurt it out it'll be easier than you think…\" he suggested and she raised an eyebrow, looking up at him. He looked down again, understanding that his suggestion had been ridiculous. \"Sorry,\" he murmured. \"How the fuck am I meant to have a baby?\" she cried, she wasn't usually one to swear but she was overcome with emotion at this that it was special circumstances. \"And it's not just a normal baby either! It's a half alien baby! How do I know it's not gonna be freaky and eat human flesh or something?! Or what if it can't survive on this planet? I'm not gonna let Klaatu just take it back to his home planet. Oh God…\" she put down her tea and her head sunk onto her arms. \"Okay,\" Jacob said suddenly, looking determined. \"Klaatu's body is human, correct?\" he asked and Sophie murmured an agreement from in her arms, \"Therefore his semen must be human.\" \"I really don't feel comfortable talking about this with my little brother…\" she said, her voice muffled but Jacob ignored her. \"Therefore, human semen, plus human ovary…\" \"Jacob…\" \"Equals human baby! It's perfectly simple; it should be fine on this planet.\" \"Jacob,\" she said, looking up a blush on her cheeks, \"I really wish you'd learn when it's appropriate to stop talking sometimes.\" \"I'm just thinking this through Sophie!\" he protested. \"But one thing we must be agreed on is that you have to tell Klaatu, tonight, or I know you won't do it.\" \"I am so not telling him tonight.\" \"Yes you are. If you don't then I'll tell him tomorrow.\" \"I hate you sometimes.\" \"I'm just here to look out for you.\" She sighed and looked up at him, her chin resting on her arms, \"Jacob…\" she mumbled and he nodded, leaning forward to hear her. \"Yeah?\" \"Jacob, I'm scared…\" at this revelation he reached forward and took her arms, rubbing them soothingly. \"Come on,\" he said softly, standing up and picking up her purse, he dropped the pregnancy test inside it and then walked around to her side of the table before hooking his hands under her arms and hoisting her up. \"I'll drive you home.\" He said gently and put his hand under her elbow to support her as he led her out of the apartment and down to her car. He strapped her in the passenger seat before getting in the driver's side. \"How are you gonna get home again?\" she asked once they'd begun driving. \"I'll get a cab,\" he said, not moving his eyes from the road. As they drove she noticed how late it really was, the sun was setting over the city and it bathed everything in beautiful pink and yellow light. It gave the usually harsh city a warm, comforting glow and she found herself loving it more than she already did. They drove back in silence and once they arrived Jacob helped her out of the car before kissing her forehead and handing her, her purse. He gestured to the stairs out of the garage and up to her apartment and wished her luck before disappearing off to find a taxi-cab. She made the slow climb up to her apartment and let herself in through her door. She called out to Klaatu but her voice sounded strange, detached, like she was hearing it echoing from miles away. He called back that he was still working in the kitchen so she made her way through. Clutching her bag, with the pregnancy test still inside, to her chest. Once she saw him sat huddled at the table it all came crashing back and tears sprung to her eyes, her head went light and she saw him look up and smile. His smile fell almost instantly when he saw her but she didn't see him for long before she became aware of the ground getting closer and him darting over to catch her as she fell, right the way down, down a long dark tunnel. Her vision clouded, and she fainted into his arms.[Chapter 16] Chapter 16 When she gently forced her eyes open she could see his silhouette perched on the bed beside her, he was looking down at something in his hand. He seemed confused but also a little worried. It took her a moment to remember what had happened and then it clicked in her brain what he must be looking at. She had dropped her bag, it must have fallen out, he must have seen it. Now she had no control over when he found out, he already knew. She knew he knew. She didn't speak, she just reached out with her mind, making use of the terrible connection she had with him. She just gently, subtly, let him know she was awake and could see him and in a matter of moments his eyes were on her. He looked petrified, more scared than she felt. Was he really that scared, just about a child? He was Klaatu, he was so calm and collected and cool and couldn't be scared about something like this. She'd been relying on him to be the strong one through this, what would happen now if he wasn't? \"Why didn't you tell me?\" he asked softly and the softness in his voice scared her. She was terrified he'd leave her. He felt her thoughts and took her hand gently, \"I'm not going anywhere.\" \"I only found out today…\" she croaked, her throat and mouth were both so dry from her sleep and she was grateful when he put down the goddamn test and helped her sit up before handing her some water. \"Sophie… A child?\" he asked softly again and she nodded. Keeping her eyes on the glass in her hands and not trusting her voice, not trusting herself to speak without crying. She didn't want to cry anymore, she wasn't a child; she was a full-grown woman who was going to have a child of her own. She loved this man, and in her heart she hoped he loved her too. She wasn't sure if it was the same kind of love she felt for him but she hoped it was at least something similar. \"We were planning to go to the base tomorrow.\" He said, his eyes cast down and she set her glass aside. \"Why do you say it in past tense? We're still going.\" She said firmly, leaning forward. \"No. We are not.\" He said equally as firm but she refused to give in. \"No way! We have been planning this for weeks! We're not going to back out now just because of some… some…\" \"A child is not just something Sophie. I am not risking your life or the Childs by taking you with me. You will remain here and I will go alone.\" \"No.\" she argued, anger flushing through her, \"I helped! I planned this! I wanna come too! You can't stop me, I'm coming with you.\" \"No Sophie, you are not.\" And she felt his emotions course through her. Anger and pain and fear all rolled into one, it reminded her of the first time they'd connected and the surge of feelings she'd felt had been more powerful than anything she'd ever experienced before. She paused before putting a cap on his feelings and looking up sternly into his eyes. \"Don't pull that trick on me,\" she said menacingly, \"I am coming with you no matter what. Please, I don't want to be stuck here on my own!\" \"Sophie, I am begging you…!\" \"And I'm begging you! Let me come.\" She pleaded her eyes wide and he sighed, he was by no means giving in, he just hated arguing with her. But for now, she took it as a victory and leant back in her pillows. \"So…\" she said, her voice quiet again, \"What are we gonna do?\" He just looked at her quizzically. \"About the baby.\" She clarified for him but he nodded, the quizzical expression not changing. \"I know, about the child, but I do not understand your question.\" \"Are you going back? To your home planet? Will I have to raise this child alone?\" \"No Sophie, I will not leave you alone with a child. I could never do that. Sophie, I love you. It may not be the same kind of love that you have for me but it is love none the less. And I have absolutely no desire to leave your side ever again. I will remain on Earth as there are few of my people here already, I can become accustomed to the ways of humans easily. If you would explain them to me we could adhere to some of the ways if that's what you want? I understand there's the idea of some kind of idyllic dream, a house with a white picket fence, that sort of thing…\" he continued to talk but Sophie didn't hear any more. She found tears in her eyes again. This man was willing to leave his own people because he loved her. She suddenly felt the greatest rush of affection for him that she'd ever felt. She put a hand to her mouth as tears began to spill down her cheeks and he finally noticed them. \"Sophie? Sophie what's wrong?\" he asked, putting his hands on her shoulders, worriedly. She shook her head before throwing her arms around his neck and pushing her mouth to his. She kissed him passionately, flooding him with all the love and affection she felt for him. After a short, shocked moment, he wrapped his arms around her tightly and kissed her back. Flooding her with just as much love and affection as she had to him. She couldn't bear to be apart from him and she knew that he couldn't stop her accompanying him the following day; they had to do this together. As a couple.[Chapter 17] Chapter 17 The corridors seemed to be so much longer when you were hurrying down them. Klaatu insisted that he'd taken all security precautions and they wouldn't be caught but Sophie was adamant on hurrying all the same. She wanted to get all of this over and done with, to be honest she hadn't slept well and wanted to get home so she could go back to bed, but this needed to be done so it might as well be done quickly. They rounded a corner and Klaatu did something to the door to allow them access, Sophie slipped through the door, closely followed by Klaatu. They found themselves in the main control room, how Klaatu had managed to ensure everyone in here would be knocked out cold, Sophie had no clue, but he had and as long as they were quick, they could do their jobs and get out. Klaatu knew what to do and strode confidently through the maze of computers and through to one near the front of the room where he leaned over and put a hand to the screen, closing his eyes and accessing the information. Sophie knew she couldn't help and so she walked leisurely through the computers and even further than Klaatu right up to the front. Large screens plastered the wall at the front, these screens showed security camera shots all over the vicinity and it didn't take her long to distinguish which ones to watch in case they might be caught. She still couldn't quite believe they'd actually managed to get through this far without being caught; she supposed she had to trust Klaatu's judgement and planning. She watched the cameras and was amazed to find no one anywhere near them, she leant against a desk and looked down at the man who was slumped across it, she recognised him immediately. He was a Doctor who had once worked closely with her mother and father, when she thought of her father there was a stab of painful grief in her chest. But she'd learned to control it over the years and despite the pain of losing him, she found that when she wrenched her eyes away from the Doctor the pain dulled and she could mask it again by firmly putting all thoughts and memories of her father from her mind. Instead she turned her attention to the man the other side of her, she recognised him too, he was the army general. This was the man that would kill them both on site if he was ever to find them, and this time, fear spiked in her chest. How long did they have? Her heart was beating beneath her ribs like a drum, her breathing increased and adrenaline pumped through her. She was so hyped up, ready to run but hoping she wouldn't have to. Even she couldn't outrun the flight of a bullet. She returned her attention to the screens and saw a man hurrying down the corridor in their direction; she stood up from the desk and turned. Klaatu was so deep in thought by his computer he hadn't even noticed her, he needed more time and this was just one man. Sophie took a deep breath before hurrying back to the door; she put her back to the wall alongside the door and turned her head to give her a good view. She bit her lip and closed her eyes for a moment before breathing out and forcing herself to relax, embracing the adrenaline and harnessing it to put it to good use. The door slid open and she allowed it to shut as the man stepped through. He stopped dead in his tracks, confused as to why there were hundreds of sleeping men and women in this room, and looked around. He caught sight of Klaatu and opened his mouth to call out but Sophie stepped up behind him and snapped her palm around his throat, she caught him sharply and shortly in the larynx and his call was cut off in a gag. She then wrapped her arm around his throat whilst he was unable to speak and squeezed tightly to knock him out. Once he was unconscious she laid him on the floor and looked down at him. Overall the entire attack had taken her a minute tops. She allowed herself a moment of victory and a brief smile before turning and resuming her place at the front, leaning against the desk and observing the security cameras. She knew that she probably couldn't do that again, especially if there was more than one man, she needed Klaatu to hurry up. She leant back against the desk, gazing up at the screens and not really focussing. Suddenly, a hand enclosed around her wrist and she couldn't stop the scream. She whirled around and caught sight of Klaatu's eyes snapping open to watch as she was flipped painfully over the desk. The army general had woken up. Her back hit the desk and pain seared through her, but she could only grunt as the wind was knocked from her. Her head snapped back to meet it and lights danced before her eyes. She felt a stab of pain in her arm that she immediately associated with a syringe and before she could do anything, she felt the cold yet strangely welcoming sensation of sleep washing over her.[Chapter 18] Chapter 18 She awoke many times and every time there was someone there, someone asking her questions and when she couldn't answer they would hit her until she slept again. She didn't like this cycle, she didn't like the dark room or the constant aching pain. She didn't like that she could feel it was happening to Klaatu as well, but his torture was more in his mind. She still didn't like it. When she woke up this time it was different, she was in an interrogation room which was too bright to her eyes and it took a while for her eyes to adjust to the blinding new light. She was aware of her hand being cuffed to the table and she was aching all over. And she was hungry, God she was hungry. How long had she been in interrogation? She wanted to go home; she wanted to go back to sleep but the bright lights were harsh against her eyes. She squeezed her eyes shut and slumped back in her chair, before opening them and refusing to show weakness. She knew she hadn't given anything up and she didn't plan to now. . . . \"You don't understand! You can't just tell them each other's dead, they can feel each other! They have a… emotional bond! Like an imprint! They can feel each other, they have a bond!\" Helen shouted, running to keep up with the army general who was striding down the hall on the way to interrogate her daughter. \"Well then we shall have to break the bond.\" The army general said, he seemed to smile sadistically. \"How do you plan on doing that?\" Jacob asked, hanging behind Helen, but his fear was evident in his voice, he was the only one beside Klaatu to know Sophie's secret. \"What are you going to do?\" Helen asked. \"Whatever is necessary for this alien to leave, and never return.\" He said quietly before entering the interrogation room. Sophie was sat, handcuffed to the table, her clothes were ragged and torn and her face bruised with a cut across her lip from where they'd tried to beat the truth out of her. But she hadn't given in. She looked exhausted but strong, she wasn't giving up anytime soon. Jacob made to follow Helen inside but she stopped him, she didn't want him to see his sister like this. Sophie watched them with cold, hard eyes. The army general sat on the steel chair opposite her and Helen stood by the door. \"Miss Benson, tell me what you know about the al-…\" \"Klaatu.\" Sophie interrupted him, \"His name is Klaatu.\" \"Okay,\" he said slowly, \"Tell us what you know about… Klaatu.\" \"I'm not telling you anything.\" \"Why don't I tell you something?\" he snarled, leaning across the table in an intimidating fashion. \"I've just come back from ensuring that your alien friend is dead.\" He said bluntly. Sophie's face fell, Helen watched as her daughter was lied to and tears made her eyes glassy. \"He can't be…\" she breathed. She closed her eyes and her forehead creased and for a moment there was a tense silence. \"No he isn't…\" she said firmly, a slight smile playing on her lips. \"I can still feel him, he's alive!\" she opened her eyes, smiling triumphantly. \"So, if one of you dies the other will feel it?\" the general asked. \"Yes.\" \"What about this bond business?\" the general asked. \"What about it?\" asked Sophie? \"How do we break it?\" \"How am I supposed to know?! I didn't ask for this! I was a scared eleven year old girl who made the mistake of holding someone's hand! I never wanted it…\" she said. \"I know…\" Helen spoke quietly for the first time. They both turned to look at her in surprise. \"You know how to break it?\" the general asked, turning to face her. \"Yes,\" she breathed, \"And I'm willing to make a deal with you.\" No attention was on Sophie now; it was just Helen and the general having a conversation. \"Go on then, propose your deal.\" The general said, amused. Helen looked her daughter in the eye, \"You have to kill her,\" she breathed. \"Mom no!\" Sophie shouted. \"Yes Sophie.\" Helen said sternly as if she was scolding a child, \"You're most certainly not happy with this bond so it's being broken. You have to kill her and then revive her, and then it should be broken.\" \"Mom, please, no!\" she screamed, tears pouring down her cheeks. \"Sophie doesn't argue you'll survive and then we can get past this… I don't like it either. But it has to be done.\" \"You can't! I'm pregnant!\" Sophie revealed suddenly, they all fell silent, shocked. \"The alien's?\" the general asked after what seemed like an age. \"Klaatu's, yes.\" She said, looking everywhere but at her mother. \"Well then,\" the general sighed, leaning back in his chair, \"That also needs to be eliminated.\" He finished softly, standing. \"No!\" Sophie cried, \"Please! Just let me go! Please! Mom!\" Helen and the army general left, leaving Sophie alone to do nothing but wait for her imminent death. . . . Helen watched Klaatu's eyes snap open and a pained expression cross his face. \"Make them stop.\" He said quietly. \"Do you believe us now? She's going to die painfully and then what will you have?\" \"What?!\" Helen exclaimed. \"Helen, you have to help her, she's going to die! They're beating her, cutting her… and… no, you have to make them stop!\" he said firmly. \"You said it would be quick, painless… Call it off!\" \"No, the child must be eliminated, as must she, and he must feel pain. This is how she will die.\" The general said, not looking at Helen but staring Klaatu in the eye. \"Please,\" Klaatu whispered, pleading. Helen had backed into the corner, frozen in shock and fear. \"Tell me why you're here.\" The general snarled. \"And you'll stop murdering her?\" he replied, the general didn't answer. Klaatu realised he didn't have time to wait for an answer. She was nearly dead he could feel it; he could feel her soul reaching out to him and pleading for his help, desperately hanging on. But he wasn't about to let her say goodbye. \"Something else is coming; I am here to protect the earth from other aliens. You have to let me and Sophie go or else…\" he stopped and gasped. He'd felt a great surge of pain and then nothing, Sophie was gone. \"She's dead.\" He whispered. \"No!\" Helen gasped, running from the room, Jacob who was waiting outside noticed her distress and she slid to the floor in hysterical tears, Jacob cradled her. \"What's happened mom?\" he asked. \"She's dead!\" Helen wailed, \"Sophie's dead!\" \"What?\" Jacob gasped. He simply held his mother and fought back the tears himself as he tried to process the information that his big sister was dead.[Chapter 19] Chapter 19 He felt hollow, he didn't understand these feelings and he most definitely didn't like them. Sophie was dead, their bond was gone, and so was their child. Klaatu knew he had to save the earth from the threat of another invasion but he wasn't sure he had the energy anymore. He couldn't do it, not without her, knowing that she was dead was slowly killing him. The interrogation room's bright lights were suddenly dimmed in comparison to everything that had happened. He was constantly trying to reach out through the bond, searching for her, for any trace, but he was constantly trying, despite the fact that he knew he was never going to find anything. She was gone, forever. The door opened and his handcuffs were removed. \"You're free to go.\" Helen Benson told him. Her eyes were red from crying and Klaatu felt a stab of pity towards her, he'd lost the woman he loved as well as his child, and she'd lost her child. He understood her pain. \"They want you to stop the invasion, they'll give you anything you need as long as you leave as soon as you're done.\" Her voice was void of all emotion and she wouldn't look at him. He stood slowly and walked over to her, his own eyes were glassy with tears, he'd been looking forward so much to having a family, and now that right had been stripped away from him. \"Helen,\" he said softly and she closed her eyes, a few tears falling down her cheeks. \"Helen, I am sorry.\" She nodded and tried to hold back the tears, he got the sense that it was just time to leave. So he did, he walked out of the room. He could see Jacob crying quietly in the corner but he didn't linger, instead he strode confidently through the corridors, he knew how to get out and he hated that place it only reminded him of Sophie's death. He strode quickly through the corridors until he had reached the doors. He left the area and carried on walking, he didn't stop. He became unaware of days or nights and he ignored any hunger or tiredness. He kept walking until he reached central park, he looked up and could see Sophie's apartment. Reaching into his pocket he took out a small remote control, he flicked a switch and a whirring noise was initiated around him. The orb sparkled for a moment before darkening and he looked up to see a hundred stars getting bigger and bigger. Who was friend and who was foe he didn't know. He only knew that it was beginning. And now, he didn't care if he lived or died.[Chapter 20] Chapter 20 The battle was raging around him and he fought as valiantly as every other man and woman from his collection of races that had come to his aid. He hated the idea that he was being forced to slaughter other beings that were only fighting because they had been ordered to by a confused monster but there was no option for him not to. He had to save the humans in order to preserve his memory of Sophie. Even now he felt like there was still an inkling of her spirit trying to connect with him, trying to re-establish the bond but he wouldn't let it happen. He would allow any part of her back in, he knew that if he did he would only feel the pain of her death even stronger. He couldn't even let a part of her spirit back in. it was an insanely large part of her spirit but it was there all the same and it grew evermore hard to keep out. He supposed it was because he was so distracted by the fight that he felt he needed her more than ever. He disliked these aliens by an enormous amount. They were large and hulked over; their weapon of choice was a large spear that was very difficult to get around. But Klaatu was experienced and had been taught his defence well. He was fighting his way through them easily along with the others of his kind who had received the same training as he had. He took out a particularly large one and stepped over its huge body to tackle the next one. His head was filled with her voice, she was calling out to him desperately and even when he shook his head, tried to rid his ears of her voice so he could focus on the problem at hand she wouldn't stop. He guessed her spirit was just as stubborn as she had been when she was alive. This small positive thought of a joke made him smile inwardly. He didn't want to feel happy about her death, but wasn't that was humans did? Instead of mourning the dead, they celebrated their living. They were a complicated race. Her voice was growing ever louder and he dipped his head and shut his eyes momentarily to try and shunt it out once and for all. She was calling his name desperately, and breathlessly. The confusion he felt instantly dissipated and his eyes snapped open. It wasn't her spirit calling out to him, he wasn't imagining anything. Sophie just wasn't dead. He was so annoyed at himself for not realising it sooner, that they had killed her for a few moments before reviving her and then the bond would be broken. But they didn't know just how stubborn she was. He wrenched open the bond in his mind and felt everything flood through him, it almost forced him to his knees but he remained standing, his head whipping around. Searching for order amongst the chaos of the smoky battlefield, he knew she was here somewhere, she was close but he needed to find her. He looked into her mind and saw her running; she was jumping over the fallen and occasionally stopping, calling out to him and looking for him. He had to get to her, to get her to safety before one of the hulking aliens hurt her, or killed her. \"Sophie!\" he yelled, and in his mind he knew she'd heard him so he repeated his shout over and over again, beginning to run in the direction he knew she was in. she felt it too and ran to meet him in the middle. And finally, out of the fog, he saw her. She was running towards him and as soon as she saw him her face broke out into a happy grin, quickly mirrored by his own. The fighting around them was unimportant; the only important things were each other. They neared each other and only ran faster, but Klaatu hadn't had the sense to think about the rest of the hulking aliens. He sensed the spear a moment before it hit him and so avoided it, where it went sailing straight for Sophie. A/N: I really can't decide whether to kill Sophie or not so someone decide for me please? I'll go on the most reviews saying whether I should kill her or not! So please keep reviewing because I need you to make this decision for me![Chapter 21] Chapter 21 If that spear hit Sophie, it would kill her instantly. There would be no way for Klaatu to save her, she would die for good this time. He couldn't let that happen, he couldn't let her die that way. He couldn't fail to protect her, again. But the spear was sailing closer and closer to her, she had seen it and frozen in terror, paralysed with fear. Klaatu was sprinting now, faster than before, fuelled with desperation and fear of his own. The more time he spent on this planet the more human he became, he finally felt like he understood what it was like to be a human. He experienced the needs, the emotions, everything it took to be human. He finally felt like he was a human, and he wanted to have a human life with Sophie, he needed her to survive so he could grow old with her. One of his kind had done it before, so he had every reason to as well. He was close, just behind the spear, he jumped, and he lunged. He caught her around the middle and together, they fell to the ground. He landed on top of her, shielding her from the battle around them. He lifted his head just enough to check her over, the spear had kept sailing and hit another one of the hulking monsters, giving Klaatu a triumphant spark inside of him. But he dampened the spark in order to focus all his attention on Sophie. Their eyes connected and he felt relief wash over him, she was alive, and she was alright. \"Hey,\" she breathed, trying to get her breath back after sprinting. \"How are you?\" she asked, he could have laughed if they weren't in the middle of a battle. Instead he allowed himself a fond smile. \"I'm well, how about you? Last I heard, you were dead.\" He said with a hint of anger in his voice. Her cheekbone was bruised and there were various cuts across her face that were slowly beginning to heal. But he knew there was much more damage than just this, but this wasn't the time to talk about that. Now was the time to get her out of harm's way. \"Yeah, that kind of went wrong. Aren't you meant to be fighting a war?\" \"Yes, but first I'm getting you to safety.\" \"Can't I help?\" she asked, worried for him. \"No, I'm not risking you getting hurt. Not again. Come on.\" He pulled her to her feet and gripped her hand tightly as they weaved in and out of the raging battle, leading her as far as he could from danger, keeping her safe and close. They reached the streets which were jammed with the police and the army as they tried to make sense of what was going on. Klaatu led her around the edge, away from prying eyes and around the edge of central park. To her apartment. Once they were inside he turned to leave again, to continue fighting. \"Wait!\" she cried, grabbing his arm to stop him running from her. She wheeled him around and in one swift moment grabbed his face and kissed him roughly. After a few moments of kissing him she leaned her forehead against his but kept her eyes closed. \"Be careful.\" She whispered. He didn't respond but she knew that he was promising her that he would. He turned and left, she shut the door behind him, pausing for a moment before turning and running through to her bedroom, pulling the blind up and observing the battle below.[Chapter 22] Chapter 22 Sophie watched as Klaatu emerged from the building below her and ran in the direction of the battle. When she had been amongst the fighting it had felt like the largest battle on Earth; it had been manic and terrifying, but as she looked now she realised that it wasn't as large as she had initially thought. This was thanks to the aliens that Sophie recognised as Klaatu's own species, she remembered what they looked like from before, so many years before when she'd first met Klaatu herself. The memory twanged at her heartstrings and caused a sharp intake of breath. A border of aliens surrounded the battle, not necessarily fighting themselves but keeping the fight contained so it didn't spread and damage any further humans. Sophie noticed that they hadn't been entirely successful in the lack of human casualties and a small pile of unmistakably human bodies lay respectfully under a tree at the border of the park. Sophie admired how they had more respect for the human casualties than for their own whose dead lay amongst the battlefield, trampled intermittently by the monsters. She tried to keep track of Klaatu amongst the fight which was gradually drawing closer and closer to its end, but she lost him amongst the smoke and carnage. The aliens drew in tighter and tighter in their circle to surround the monsters who, despite the fact that they were obviously going to lose their battle, continued fighting viciously. She turned her attention to an alien and monster who were fighting near the edge of the circle, this monster seemed particularly bloodthirsty and she could almost detect a hint of smile on what she presumed was its face. Her heart picked up pace as the alien drew close to it; it thrust its hand out and what looked like an energy force emitting from its hand slammed into the monsters chest but the monster jumped at the same time to try and avoid it. The energy picked up with the monsters own momentum and it flew upwards. The circular aliens tried to contain it but failed as the monster sailed in the direction of Sophie's building. She cried out and dove to the side as the monster crashed through her window. In the couple of moments it took for the monster to scramble itself into an upright position and around, Sophie darted from the room and through to the kitchen. Without stopping she grabbed a knife and dove behind the kitchen island in an attempt to hide from the monster. There were a few moments of tense silence as Sophie sat with her back against the island, panting and willing for her breathing to calm. She forced herself to listen intently for any sign that the monster had disappeared and returned to the battle. But a soft growl confirmed her fears that it had joined her in the kitchen. She didn't dare move, she clutched the knife tightly and placed her other hand over her mouth to make her breathing. She tried desperately to calm herself as she monster continued to growl softly, moving from one end of the island to the other so she didn't really know where it was. She didn't dare sneak a peek, she couldn't tell what the best way to go was. She didn't know what to do or whether a knife would be any decent defence against the monster anyway. She could have sworn she mistook the soft growls for chuckles as it slowly stalked around the other side of the island. Slowly, its head appeared around the other side of the island, staring directly at Sophie. This was the first time she'd been able to get a proper look at it. It almost looked like an oversized, less rounded, armadillo with long talons. Its eyes were such a sparkling blue that they almost captivated Sophie if she hadn't been so afraid, but the worst part about the monster was its toothy grin. The teeth were long and sharp like they belonged to something out of a horror film, and as it grinned, they dripped blood that had been spilled on the battlefield. She let out a scream as her adrenaline kicked in. However, instead of sprinting away from the monster as she so wanted to, her legs propelled her towards it. It paused for a moment, taken aback by her advancement and this gave her the time she needed to lung at it and stab at its chest. She managed to penetrate a weak part of its flesh and she tried to restrain the shudder she felt as she heard the squishing sound of the organs within. But it wasn't enough to kill it. Roaring in anger and pain, the monster flung out its taloned hand at Sophie and batted her away, she managed to jump and avoid the worst of the damage but she was sent stumbling back with three painful gashes across her belly. She considered that since her guts weren't spilling out she was fine and jumped up onto the island as the monster surveyed its wound in shock. She used her height as leverage and pulled herself round onto its back to give her better access to its throat. It tried to shake her off but she kicked against the island and sent its head slamming into the refrigerator. It was dazed for a second and Sophie managed to find its throat and press the knife to it. It froze suddenly as it felt the steel, still warm with its own blood, pressed against its neck. 'Earth's already taken you bastard scum.' She hissed as she slit its throat. It let out a gargle and a squeal before collapsing to the ground. Sophie had never realised how messy it would be to slit a throat and sat down heavily on the island observing the bloody mess around her as well as how she herself was covered in not just her own blood, but the monsters as well. She put the knife down and couldn't help but feel a little bit proud of herself for the way she'd managed to fend for herself despite the number of aliens in the battle below. As she remembered the battle the adrenaline kicked in again and she ran back to the window, trampling over the glass and ignored the way it broke beneath her feet. Her encounter with the alien hadn't felt long at all but as she looked down on the park she saw that the battle was over and the last monster had just been slain. She found Klaatu amongst the remnants of war and he looked up at her. They stared at one another for a moment before Sophie pushed herself away from the window and ran from the apartment and down to him. She ignored the aliens and the carnage around her and simply focused on Klaatu and heading towards him. He moved towards her as she ran at him and he caught her as she launched herself into his arms. But he only held her for a moment before he forced her away again and held her at arms length, surveying her wounds and the blood. 'Sophie, what happened?' He asked in a tone of curiosity mingled with awe. 'There was a monster, it flew through my window but I got it. It's dead. Most of this blood isn't mine.' She told him breathlessly, her eyes sparkling with the triumph of her success. He smiled weakly at her but his attention turned to her stomach where three slashes tore her shirt. He lifted it up and surveyed her wounds but she batted at his hands. 'I'm fine.' She assured him and took his hands in her own, squeezing them to give him extra reassurance. He was uncertain but as he looked into her eyes he was reminded of the Sophie he'd known with the bond. He was reminded of the way excitement flared up inside of her and he felt affection for her so strongly that it hurt his non-human heart. Without thinking he took her in his arms and brought her face to his; he kissed her warmly, pouring all of the affection and love he held for her into this lingering kiss. He had never felt for her as strongly as he did at that moment, the pain and fear of losing her intermingled with the joy at having her back reinforced his emotions so that they made him want to hold her tighter than he possibly could. She kissed him back with just as much passion and once the kiss was broken she threw her arms around his neck and buried her face in his shoulder, closing her eyes and balling up her fists. Klaatu didn't know that she'd seen the looks the other aliens had given them and she knew what they meant. She knew that their time was limited and she knew that it wouldn't be long before Klaatu would be forced to leave her again. When they had the bond it had been different, he had been painfully separated from her in a way that meant he could remain on Earth; but now it was different, he no longer had this bond so he would be required to return to his own people. Klaatu noticed this exact same thing as he looked around at his people over Sophie's shoulder. He held her tightly and breathed in her scent. He wished that one day he could return, but he knew that Sophie and he were not destined for one another any longer. Their paths had been cruelly ripped apart before their time and their love was over now. No. Not over. It would never be over for either of them, but they had to move on and become new people. For them, after sixteen years, it was over. A/N: There's only one more chapter left in this story (it's taken me long enough to finish) and oddly enough I think I'm going to miss Klaatu and Sophie. If I manage to get some of my other stories finished too I might write another sort of spin-off/alternate ending to this fix but for the moment, this was the penultimate chapter. I'll try and post the final chapter as soon as possible. Thank you for sticking with me through this.[Chapter 23] Chapter 23 Sophie waited, leaning against a tree and grimacing at the dead monsters around her, whilst Klaatu convened with his people. They surrounded him and he was lost from view but Sophie didn't worry, she knew that he would leave but she knew that he wouldn't allow himself to without at least saying goodbye first. The police and army had begun to arrive, they kept their distance and looked at the group of aliens in a baffled silence, all unsure how to continue forward to assist with the cleanup effort, unsure if the aliens were friendly or if they too posed a threat. Sophie watched them with curiosity, silently praying that they wouldn't make the same mistakes that had been made so many times before. But they seemed to be made aware of the battle and the aliens involvement and protect of Earth, so they remained hanging back until the aliens slowly dispersed and began their ascent into their ships to prepare for their return home. Klaatu left them and walked over to Sophie, he was deliberately slow in order to savour every moment he got to see her. 'Hey,' she greeted him coolly when he reached her and he smiled at her weakly, they both knew. 'Can we go somewhere a little more private?' Klaatu asked, eyeing the army warily, after their incident he didn't entirely trust them. 'Sure.' She agreed and they began their ascent up the stairs back to her apartment. Sophie let them in just as she had so many times before, it almost felt normal now, like a ritual. She shut the door behind them carefully and Klaatu moved forward into the kitchen, surveying the small battlefield that Sophie herself had, the hulking monster lay dead where she had slain it. Klaatu was proud. Sophie walked through to her bedroom and ignored her phone on the bed which was buzzing with her mother's number, already with twenty-four missed calls waiting. She retrieved an old shirt from her wardrobe and created a makeshift bandage out of it before wrapping it tightly around her abdomen, wincing slightly but not wanting to seek medical help until Klaatu was gone. She knew it wasn't worth it when she had to value every single moment she had with him. He followed her through to the bedroom and observed the broken glass across the carpet and the breeze that billowed at the curtains slightly. The sirens were audible from outside, along with a slight hum that he recognised as meaning the ships were ready to go, they were just waiting for him. 'Sophie…' He began, he wanted to explain himself, to apologise eloquently and put her mind at rest. He couldn't think of a single word to say, nothing came into his head to even begin to be able to describe how he felt at that moment, or even to apologise. He couldn't think of a single word to explain to her. So he closed his mouth again and thought some more with a confused expression on his face, he was unused to experiecing this loss for words. This warranted a small laugh from Sophie and then a poorly disguised wince as it hurt her stomach, she settled for a warm but sad smile instead. 'It's okay.' She said and he instantly knew what she meant. 'I forgive you, so you don't even have to apologise.' Sophie said to him but he needed to say something anyway. 'I'm sorry.' He blurted out before he could stop himself and she laughed again, this time able to ignore the pain. She walked over to him and took his hands in hers gently. 'It's fine. I forgive you.' She repeated. 'I will come back.' He vowed and she smiled at him and shook her head sadly. 'You you won't,' she told him, tears coming to her eyes, 'but that's okay. What we had was never meant to last anyway. You were just scared and I was just a kid.' 'But that's not the way it is now. I truly do believe I love you.' Klaatu said to her and she shrugged. 'Then you have to let me go. Come on dude, you're an alien and I'm just a girl from boring, old Earth.' She replied. 'Actually, I've always found Earth to be the most beautiful of all the planets I've visited.' Klaatu said to her adamantly and she rolled her eyes. 'But not as beautiful as you.' He finished and she held back tears, it was harder than ever. 'Stop it.' She instructed him. 'You don't have to say things like that anymore.' 'I do if I think it.' He said and there was a pause as Sophie looked down and squeezed his hands again. 'You have to go though, I understand that. We had the bond, that was the only thing tying you to Earth, me. But now that's gone and there's nothing tying you to the planet, you have to go away and you can't come back. But you belong with your own people Klaatu, you understand that don't you? You don't belong with me, you think you'll be happy with me but you won't truly be able to. Some alien chick out there, she will be able to make you happy. Truly happy.' Sophie explained softly to him but Klaatu refused to truly pay any attention if he could help it. 'You have to go home.' She told him plainly and he sighed. 'Home is with you though.' He whined and she removed one of her hands from his and held up an admonitory finger as she adopted a tone she'd heard her mother use so many times. 'Now stop that huffing.' She said and he smiled at her, she couldn't resist smiling in return. They stood like that for a few moments, just smiling at one another but it had to end before it become too painful for the both of them. 'You should go, they're waiting for you.' Sophie said and Klaatu looked at her with pain in his eyes. 'I'll always love you Sophie.' He said and she smiled at him warmly. 'Me too.' She said and leaned up to kiss him softly once more. She then took a step back and released his hand from her own. He stood and looked at her for a moment more, remembering every detail, before he turned and slowly left the apartment. Sophie waited a moment, standing in the darkness and holding back the tears that threatened before she slowly walked over to the broken window and looked out. She watched as Klaatu disappeared into an orb and it glowed brightly as it prepared to leave. It slowly lifted up into the air and Sophie watched as it rose and rose, and eventually disappeared. She had to accept that Klaatu was really gone and there was no way he was returning. It was easier than she thought it would be, she felt somewhat freer. With the bond, with always waiting for him to return, she had felt tied down and heavy like something was always missing. But now she felt free and light again, she beamed at the sky as she listened to the sound of the sirens around her. They weren't sirens really though, they were bells, bells which were thanking the aliens, signalling the end of a childhood adventure, and remembering an imprint. ","Summary":" The Day the Earth Stood Still I just wanted to try this out, it's kinda been mulling over in my hea"},{"Movie":"Cats Don't Dance","Title":"Journey to Fantasia","Author":"TwilightSparkle3562","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9669832","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer 1: I do not own \"Cats Don't Dance,\" or its characters. They are property of Warner Bros. Studios. Disclaimer 2: I do not own Mickey Mouse or the movie \"Fantasia.\" They are property of Walt Disney Studios. \"Journey to Fantasia\" By TwilightSparkle3562 Chapter 1 \"A New Wave of Evil\" \"Well, now, let's see,\" said a white cat holding a list. \"Go to premiere: check.\" The orange cat next to her tried to take back his list, but she pulled it away before he could reach it. \"Land a big part, check,\" she continued. She then took notice of one item that made her nearly blush. \"Get the Girl?\" she wondered and then turned to the orange cat standing next to her. \"Check.\" For a moment, she blushed and looked innocent as the orange cat standing next to her realized that he got the girl of his dreams. They held out their hands and moved in to kiss one another, but then Flannigan, the assistant director for Mammoth Studios, got in between them and they ended up kissing him by mistake. \"Sweethearts,\" he cried happily as the two cats tried to not throw up. \"Darlings!\" \"Get a picture boys,\" said L.B. Mammoth, the head of Mammoth studios. \"These kids are going to be making history.\" Yes, it seemed that their performance at the premiere of Lil Ark Angel catapulted Danny Cat and his fellow animal friends to stardom. Ever since that memorable night, Danny and his new girlfriend, Sawyer Cat, had become the biggest stars in Hollywood. Some even compared them to the next Judy Garland and Mickey Rooney, if you might say. For the two lovebird cats, life was now completely different for them. Everywhere they went, they had fans watching their every move. Although it was considered an invasion of privacy in the views of some people, Danny and Sawyer didn't mind the company of their fans. The only time that they didn't allow any fans was in their private moments and that was fine with them. But unfortunately, their catapult to stardom came at a very changing time in world history. You see, there was a new evil that was beginning to form in Europe. The country of Germany was now being ruled by a dictator named Adolf Hitler, and he wanted to one day rule the world and the first thing he did was target various countries and make them part of his diabolical empire. But, the wrath of this new Germany was about to take a drastic effect on Hollywood in a very big way. You see, Danny and Sawyer had just finished making their first big movie which was an all animal version of William Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet . It had taken over a year to complete, but Danny and Sawyer were looking forward to premiering the film at Grauman's Chinese Theatre, where they made their mark. However, after the premiere, the movie was not a success at the box office, despite being loved by the critics. Both of them were very hurt about the failure of the film that they worked so hard to make and L.B. Mammoth, who was like a father to them ever since they made their mark, took notice of their sadness and depression. One day, in the fall of 1940, LB called Danny and Sawyer into his office in an effort to help them get over the hump of sadness. \"You wanted to see us, Mr. Mammoth?\" asked Danny. \"Are there any projects you want us to work on?\" \"Not quite, Danny,\" he replied. \"I called the both of you in here because Flannigan and I have been concerned about you two ever since Romeo and Juliet flopped at the box office.\" \"We worked really hard to make it extravagant,\" sighed Sawyer. \"Do you know how much money went into this project? The total budget was over 2 million dollars. That's more than what my parents spent to put my brother in school at Oxford.\" \"Well, you two,\" replied L.B walking from his desk to a window overlooking the studio lot. \"In this town, if you fail to impress your audience, you try and try again to impress those that will listen to you. Those countries that didn't see your film were mostly focused on that monster, Hitler and his world domination tactics.\" L.B. then turned back towards Danny and Sawyer at sat back down at his desk. He then pulled out a pair of envelopes and handed them to Danny and Sawyer. \"But, I do have a way for you to get over the loss of your first film together,\" he said. \"These are invitations to the premiere of my friend, Walt Disney's newest film, Fantasia , at the Broadway Theater in New York City for the 13th of November. I think the best way of getting confidence back into the both of you is spending time with your fans. In this business, the best therapy for an actor or actress is to be with the fans that love them. You will also have the opportunity to meet Walt's protégé, Mickey Mouse.\" \"The Mickey Mouse?\" asked Danny with gold stars in his eyes. \"The same Mickey Mouse Sawyer and I grew up with?\" \"The very same Danny,\" said L.B. \"He is very much looking forward to meeting with the both of you very much. Your train to New York will leave early next week, so get excited and represent Mammoth Studios proudly.\" \"We will, Mr. Mammoth,\" replied Danny happily. \"Thank you so very much.\" So, Danny and Sawyer shook hands with L.B. and left the office as happily as they did when they had their performance. As the two cats left, L.B. looked out over the studio lot again and could not help but feel a little bit uncomfortable to himself. For what Danny and Sawyer didn't know was that the studios of Hollywood were beginning to feel the strains of unionization as a result of the war. L.B. was secretly hoping that Danny and Sawyer would be able to help him and his friend, Walt Disney get over the strains of this new wave of unionization before it was too late. Danny and Sawyer would know the truth eventually, but for now, they would revel in the fact that they were invited to New York City to be with Mickey Mouse and Walt Disney.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 \"Unrest in Hollywood\" Upon hearing the news that L.B. Mammoth was sending them to New York to attend the premiere of Walt Disney's \"Fantasia,\" Danny and Sawyer happily returned to the apartment that they had been sharing since they became a couple. There was so much to do to get ready for a long train ride across the country and for Sawyer; it meant looking for what to wear to the premiere. She had many outfits in her closest that would suit her for such an occasion, but the green dress and hat she had worn to the \"Lil Ark Angel\" premiere was her personal favorite, so she decided to go with that. Of course, she had many clothes to organize and for Danny, this seemed kind of an annoyance. \"You girls always have to pick and choose,\" he chuckled as he watched his girlfriend. \"Just pick something nice and you'll be fine, honestly.\" \"You know, Danny, if you were a girl,\" remarked Sawyer. \"You'd probably go through the same thing.\" \"Hey, I can understand that,\" said Danny as he pulled the green suit from the \"Lil Ark Angel\" premiere from the closet. \"Besides, Pudge and I are just going light. This isn't like any of those parties that L.B. would always throw.\" Sawyer then stopped for a moment and turned to face her boyfriend. Apparently, bringing Pudge along was not something she was expecting to hear on such short notice. \"Since when did L.B. say that Pudge could come along?\" asked Sawyer. \"I don't think I heard his name and neither did you.\" \"Come on, Sawyer,\" complained Danny. \"With Hollywood being in such turmoil nowadays with the war and unrest in Europe, I think it would be good for us. Wouldn't you say so?\" All Sawyer did was get up from the floor and close up her suitcase. However, she thought to herself for a moment how close Danny and Pudge had gotten since their breakout performance. In addition, Pudge was a fan of Mickey Mouse and had always wanted to meet him. \"Now that you mentioned it, Danny,\" she said. \"I kind of have to agree with you. Besides, didn't Pudge say he was a fan of Mickey Mouse?\" \"Yeah,\" replied Danny. \"He has always been telling me that he always wanted to meet him as have I.\" \"Wow, Danny,\" remarked Sawyer. \"I didn't know you were a fan of Mickey Mouse, too.\" \"Have you heard of Mickey Mouse, before?\" asked Danny. \"I have,\" said Sawyer. \"But, I am a Minnie Mouse fan.\" The two cats then shared a chuckle before getting back to packing for the trip. Early the next morning, Danny, Sawyer and Pudge made their way to La Crosse Station for the week long train ride to New York. Of course, there were aspiring fans who could not help but gaze and admire Danny and Sawyer as they walked to the train. \"Well, your fans are certainly out and about, Danny,\" said Pudge. \"Are you excited as I am to meet Mickey Mouse?\" \"Absolutely, little buddy,\" replied Danny. \"L.B. says that Mickey is the most popular animal actor in Hollywood, but not as much as us, eh, Sawyer?\" All Sawyer could do was adjust her brown hat that she was wearing and smile slightly. But, as they boarded the train, the three of them could see that were also several animals standing on the platform with what appeared to be picket signs. \"Unbeliveable,\" said Sawyer disgustingly. \"Can't they give L.B. some time? The deadline isn't for another few months.\" \"What's going on?\" asked Pudge. \"Everyone has been acting so weird lately.\" \"They are all fighting the studios for better wages and roles,\" explained Danny. \"We have larger contracts, but if they want us to picket, we have no choice. They have always said that you can go two ways: either with the union or against the union. But, I really don't care about unions, Pudge. Don't you worry; I didn't come all the way out here from Kokomo to play union games. I came here to be a star in the movies and that's what I am going to do.\" Pudge took in a sigh of relief as they followed Sawyer onto the train. A little while later, the train departed and the two cats and kid penguin settled in for the long trek across the country. Meanwhile, the animals that got off the train holding picket signs had taken a taxi and made their way over to a large red brick building in the center of Hollywood. They got out and walked over to an office where a man with a black beard and bald hair sat in front of a desk waiting for them. \"I was expecting you to be here yesterday,\" said the man. \"Have you brought your picket signs with you?\" One of the animals, a lion in a shirt and tie, pulled his picket sign out with what appeared to be a picture of L.B. Mammoth dressed as an executioner about to hang an animal from a set of gallows. Another animal, who was a tiger in a zoot suit, pulled his picket sign out with what appeared to be a picture of Mammoth Studios with a Swastika overlooking it. The third and final animal, who was a bear in farm clothes, pulled his picket sign to show what appeared words saying \"Let us work.\" The man was not impressed by what he saw from the bear. \"What good is that going to do?\" he said crossly. \"Those three words will not get you where you need to reach your goal, you idiot.\" This made the bear feel bad and he put his picket sign down. \"I'm sorry, Mr. Sorrell,\" he said glumly. \"I'll fix it up, I promise.\" \"But, you two have done me proud,\" said Mr. Sorrell, turning happily towards them. \"Those are the words that will show L.B. Mammoth that animals should have a chance in Hollywood. You deserve better as much as anyone to be working again and together, we will succeed at our task.\" \"Yes, sir,\" said the lion. \"It's only going to be a matter of time before the animals decide to strike. L.B. will pay dearly for firing every animal from the studio after that ark incident.\" \"Remember,\" added the tiger. \"It was that cat, Danny, who got us all fired and he and his friends ended up making up with L.B. and leaving the rest of us out to wallow in self-pity on the streets of Hollywood.\" \"We'll leave that cat alone,\" said Mr. Sorrell. \"I want that L.B. to pay. Everyone says that my name brings studio bosses to their knees and I am going to continue living up to my name, just you wait and see my friends. There is a great big beautiful tomorrow, shining at the end of every day. There's a great big beautiful tomorrow, just a dream away.\" This brought the four union allies into a chuckle as they looked out over Hollywood. There was going to be unrest in the very near future and no one could tell how long it was going to go.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 \"Arriving in New York\" For the next few days, Danny, Sawyer and Pudge spent most of their time just taking in the train ride across the country. Sawyer had bought a new camera for herself and decided to try it out to pass the time. Finally, after a few days, they arrived at Grand Central Station to a sight of reporters and fans wanting to meet them. Unfortunately, Danny and Sawyer's plan to get to their hotel did not include meeting their fans and admires right at the train station. \"What do we do, Danny?\" asked Sawyer nervously. \"It's a madhouse out there.\" \"We're just going to have to move quick,\" he replied defiantly and grabbed his girlfriend's hand and Pudge climbed onto Sawyer's back as Danny pulled his best friend and girlfriend through the crowds as fast as his legs could carry him. The crowds tried to close in on them, but the more they got closer, the faster Danny pulled his friends through. Finally, they made it out of the train station and into a taxi cab to take them to their hotel. \"Where to, pal?\" asked the cabbie. He was smoking a pipe and it made the three amigos cough. \"Michelangelo Hotel,\" coughed Danny. \"And step on it, we have a crowd of people chasing us.\" So, the cabbie rolled his eyes and stepped on the gas, along them to escape the crowds that were chasing after them. \"So, where are you folks from, anyway?\" the cabbie asked gruffly. \"You sounds like you are from Chicago or something.\" \"We are actually animal actors from Hollywood, sir,\" said Sawyer. \"We are here for the premiere of Walt Disney's new film.\" The cabbie then looked at his overhead mirror for a moment and then took notice of Danny and Sawyer. \"Hey, I know youse,\" he remarked. \"You those cats who ransacked that premiere, aren't you? My wife says you were trying to striptease, eh?\" Sawyer did not take this very well as the word \"striptease\" was not something she wanted to hear out of someone's mouth. \"I wasn't trying to do something like that,\" she flounced. She then turned to Danny. \"How far is it to the hotel?\" she whispered. \"This guy is bothering me.\" \"It shouldn't be far, Sawyer,\" whispered Danny. \"Just try to hang in there and not pay any attention to him.\" But before long, the cab arrived at the Michelangelo Hotel and Danny paid the cab fee and watched as the cab went speeding off with the cabbie laughing at the wheel. Glad to be away from someone that rude, they all checked into their hotel room which was a large suite overlooking the city. This was very nice for Sawyer, who always loved overlooking city streets. \"You sure like this, don't you Sawyer?\" asked Danny. \"Danny, I have always wanted to see New York City from this high up,\" she said happily. \"L.B. must have been really looking out for us, hasn't he?\" \"He cares about us, Sawyer,\" replied Danny. \"If he didn't care about us, we wouldn't be here and here we are.\" But, they didn't stay out there for long as they all had to unpack and get their clothes ready for the premiere the next night. As they continued to get settled, Sawyer changed out of her brown suit and into a brown cardigan worn over a red shirt and long red pants. It was the outfit she wore the night she and Danny danced in the alley with all their animal friends. Just then, there was a knock on the door and Pudge answered it despite his small size. \"Who is it?\" he asked and looked up to see a bellboy with a message in his hand. \"Which one of you is Sawyer Cat?\" he asked. \"It's me,\" she said emerging from the kitchen and approaching the bellboy. \"This letter is for you,\" he said and handed her the letter before tipping his hat and shutting the door behind him. \"I wonder who it could be from Sawyer,\" said Danny. \"The only letters you get nowadays are from fans.\" Sawyer opened the letter and read it before sitting back down on the bed and looking up towards the ceiling. \"Sawyer,\" asked Danny. \"Is everything all right? You seem kind of upset.\" \"Well, it's from my brother, Sam,\" she said. \"He has been going to school in Oxford and has been thinking about getting out due to the Nazi bombings in London.\" \"Has Oxford been bombed?\" asked Danny. \"Is he getting out?\" \"No,\" said Sawyer. \"Oxford has been spared for the most part. But, he is not taking any chances. He is getting the first boat out and should be here in a few weeks.\" \"Is he all right?\" asked Pudge. \"I hope he is for your sake, Sawyer.\" \"He always wanted to fight in the U.S. Military,\" she replied. \"But, they don't allow animals in the army. But, I am just glad he is leaving England before it gets worse. He overheard that the Nazis only want to bomb London and nothing else in England.\" \"You never know, Sawyer,\" said Danny, trying to reassure her. \"But, what is important is that he is getting out and he will be here out of harm's way. I have a brother who is aspiring to join the military, too. But, he says if anything were to happen in the future, he is willing to fight and defend his loved ones.\" Sawyer perked up upon her boyfriend's encouragement and went back to unpacking from the long trip. Yes, even as they continued to settle in, the world was getting more and more engulfed by war every single day. Europe and Asia were under siege and many civilians and soldiers were suffering the wrath of war. But, back in Hollywood, there was a totally different kind of war that was brewing. The animal actors and animators at Disney Studios and Mammoth Studios were beginning to get involved in the ways of Communism and Unionization. Many feared for their lives and wondered whether or not that they would get work in the industry ever again. But, one thing was for sure, Danny and Sawyer were in for a wild ride when they would return to Hollywood…[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 \"The Premiere of Fantasia \" The night of November 13, 1940 was a cold and chilly night in New York City as all those from the entertainment industry gathered for the premiere of Walt Disney's new film, \"Fantasia.\" Danny, Sawyer and Pudge had dressed in the clothes that they had worn to the \"Lil Ark Angel\" premiere and got in a limousine that would take them to the Broadway Theatre, where the film was going to be shown. As they drove, part of Sawyer's mind was still on the thought of her brother and how he was doing. She and Sam had always been close when they were younger, but he and her drifted when she went to Hollywood to pursue her dream of becoming an actress while he went off to Oxford to pursue a career in Political Science. She wished for a moment, if only for a moment, that she would get together with him and just spend time together. \"Sawyer?\" asked Danny. \"You have been very quiet the entire time we have been on the road. Don't worry about your brother; he is going to be fine. I am sure of it.\" \"I hope so too, Danny,\" she said. \"It's just that we have not seen each other for such a long time. If he ever comes to Hollywood, I am sure to introduce you and Pudge and everyone else to him.\" Just then, the crowds awaited the distinguished guests and the doorman opened the door to the limousine and Danny came out first followed by Sawyer and then Pudge. The sight of their biggest fans surrounding them gave Danny and Sawyer the confidence that L.B. said that they needed. Many had taken notice of the outfits Danny and Sawyer had on. One person thought that they were the luckiest couple in the industry because they wore green outfits. As they walked into the theater lobby, they saw a man in his late 30's with a short black moustache and wearing a black tuxedo. Next to him was a mouse with a black tuxedo and shiny black shoes while his date wore a luxurious pink gown with silver high heels. \"We've been expecting you,\" said the man and he shook his hand with Danny. \"Gosh, Mr. Disney,\" said Danny. \"I've always wanted to meet you and Mickey.\" \"Ha-ha, it's an honor to meet you, Danny,\" said Mickey, joining his boss in shaking Danny's hand. \"L.B. Mammoth has told us so much about you. I'm looking forward to spending time together.\" He then looked at Pudge, who could not believe that he was meeting the most famous mouse in the world. Mickey was quick to take notice of the little penguin's excitement. \"I have always wanted to meet you, Mr. Mouse,\" gasped Pudge. \"Call me Mickey, my friend, ha-ha,\" replied Mickey and beckoned his date, Minnie Mouse, over. \"Minnie, this penguin is one of my biggest fans. Meet my girl, Minnie Mouse, ha-ha.\" \"I'm so delighted to meet a fan of me and Mickey,\" she giggled. \"Charmed, I'm sure.\" \"Wow,\" gasped Pudge. \"I can't believe I am living this. I, Peabo Pudgemeyer, meeting two of the biggest animal stars of all time.\" Mickey and Minnie left Pudge to then take notice of Sawyer, who was standing in a corner and watching everything that was going on. \"And what do we have here?\" asked Walt, walking over towards Sawyer. \"You must be the lovely Sawyer Cat.\" He then kissed her hand and Sawyer blushed slightly as Mickey walked over also admiring her beauty. \"You look very beautiful in that gown you are wearing this evening,\" remarked Walt. \"Why, thank you so much,\" giggled Sawyer, much to Danny's irritation. \"It's my favorite and I wore it to the Lil Ark Angel premiere.\" \"Well, I'm glad you are wearing it tonight, ha-ha,\" said Mickey, but Minnie pulled him away before Mickey could say another thing. \"I think we should take our seats now,\" said Danny. \"It's almost show time.\" \"What is this movie about?\" asked Pudge. \"You will see in due time, my little friend,\" replied Walt. \"It is without a doubt, the greatest movie we have ever made and none of you will be disappointed, we swear on our lives.\" So, they all walked into the theatre and took their seats on a balcony overlooking the audience. Walt was not kidding when he said that none of them would be disappointed by what they were all going to see before them. For the next two and a half hours, they were all going to be mesmerized by what was going to be played out before them. Meanwhile, the animal actors union was meeting with Herbert Sorrell, the union leader and his cohorts who were named, Erid, Tolah and Hod, the lion, tiger and bear that Danny, Sawyer and Pudge saw at the train station. \"Well, my friends,\" he said, addressing the crowd before him. \"It's only a matter of time before L.B. Mammoth is forced to accepting all of you back into the world of making films. As of tonight, he has sent his two main stars to New York to attend the debut of Walt Disney's new film.\" A large roar of anger came from the crowds and Sorrell could understand their frustration. \"I understand every one of you is angry,\" he said. \"But, I want you all to know that I am going to stand by with you and as long as we are united as one, we can force L.B. Mammoth and all the studios in this town to allow all of you to return to the jobs that you all love and together, we can make a difference for our husbands, wives and children. But, that can all be accomplished only if we take a stand against the greedy corporate fat cats that want nothing more than to take their money and run. There is a man in Europe trying to make a better world for us to live in and it's time we do the same. Who is with me?\" Another loud roar came from the crowd of unemployed animal actors and Sorrell smiled evilly, knowing that what he was trying to accomplish would put his greatest rivals out of the public spotlight for good…[Chapter 5] Chapter 5 \"A Late Night Message\" So for the most part, the debut of Walt Disney's \"Fantasia,\" was a big success to all those who attended it. Danny, Sawyer and Pudge were very impressed with how the finished product came out and Walt was not kidding when he said that they would not be disappointed with what they were seeing on the screen. Each segment of \"Fantasia,\" was a piece of animation set to classical music and perhaps everyone's favorite was when Mickey Mouse performed in \"The Sorcerer's Apprentice,\" which was done entirely in mime. After the screening, everyone was invited for a post-premiere party in the main lobby of the Michelangelo Hotel, where Danny, Sawyer and Pudge were staying. \"I must say, Walt,\" said Danny. \"You and Mickey really outdid yourselves with this new film of yours. Sawyer, Pudge and I were very impressed by it.\" \"It took a lot of blood, sweat and tears, but we did it,\" replied Walt. \"And I must say, we should be proud of what we did.\" \"I just hope the rest of the world will see it one day,\" said Danny. \"Especially with what is going on overseas.\" \"I know,\" said Walt. \"There may be a chance we could not get \"Fantasia,\" released overseas because of the war. If we don't do that, we will not be able to make back on our budgets.\" Danny knew exactly what Walt was talking about. After all, his adaptation of \"Romeo and Juliet,\" that he recently did with Sawyer was a box office flop because it could not get released overseas. He was worried that Walt was going to go the same way and both of them were hoping and praying that this film would be a success. Meanwhile, Sawyer was talking with Minnie out on a balcony overlooking the city. She had taken off her blue cover skirt and hat for the post-screening party and was now showing the green skirt of her dress that she kept underneath for the screening. Although she enjoyed the film, Sawyer's mind was still on that of her brother's, who was in the process of leaving England to return to the United States. \"You seem worried about something, Sawyer,\" said Minnie. \"Didn't you like the film?\" \"I did like it, Minnie,\" replied Sawyer, trying to put a smile on her face. \"I really did. I'm just worried about my brother, that's all.\" \"What about him?\" asked Minnie. \"Well, he is a student over at Oxford University and is now coming home because of the bombings,\" explained Sawyer. \"I'm just worried for his safety crossing the ocean.\" \"I'm sure he will be fine,\" said Minnie. \"Our friend, Donald Duck, was drafted not too long ago for the armed forces and he says that he is ready to fight when the moment calls for it.\" \"My brother says that he wants to fight in the war,\" added Sawyer. \"But, he says that the army doesn't accept animals. I believe that it is hogwash.\" Unfortunately, a pig was walking by and didn't take the remark well. This made Sawyer slightly blush with embarrassment. \"No offense,\" she said to the pig. \"None taken,\" replied the pig. \"Remember, Sawyer,\" said Minnie. \"Your brother is in good hands right now. As long as he stays out of danger, he should make it home safely. Our government would not let us be subject to the dastardly horrors called Nazi Germany.\" \"I hope you are right, Minnie,\" said Sawyer as she walked back inside. \"I hope you are right.\" After a while, the hired band began playing dance music and Danny and Sawyer went out onto the dance floor with Mickey and Minnie and began to dance a series of waltzes. It seemed that the dancing helped Sawyer take her mind off of her brother at least for a moment. After a few hours, Danny, Sawyer went back to their room and changed out of their clothes before settling in for a good night's sleep. But, just as they were all about to go to sleep, the door knocked and Danny got out of bed and answered it. \"Who is it?\" he yawned. He opened the door and the bellboy who brought Sawyer the letter from her brother was back and this time, he had news for Sawyer. \"I'm sorry to be bothering you at this time of night,\" said the bellboy. \"But I have news for Sawyer Cat.\" Sawyer grumbled as she put on her bathrobe and walked over to the hotel door. She was not very pleased to have been woken up at such a dismal hour, but there was really no choice on her part. \"What is the news?\" she asked the bellboy. \"We have just received a call from your brother,\" he said. \"His ship is only one day from docking in New York. He says that he wants to see you before you return to Hollywood.\" \"Oh, thank God,\" she gasped, relieved that her brother was finally near American shores. So, the bellboy tipped his hat and shut the door behind him as Sawyer appeared more relaxed that when she was when they first arrived in New York a few days earlier. \"So, what now?\" asked Danny. \"We get ready to see my brother,\" said Sawyer. \"After we get some sleep.\" So, they all settled in for a good night's sleep as the news of Sawyer's brother brought a sense of relief to everyone knowing that Sawyer's loved one is safe where he belongs. Meanwhile, back in Hollywood, L.B. was just about to go to sleep when a crashing sound was heard from the downstairs level of his house. Running downstairs, he saw a brick and what appeared to be a note tied around it. Taking the note out, he read it aloud: \" Dear Mr. Mammoth, Let the animals work again at your studio! If not, you and your friends will pay dearly. Signed, Herbert Sorrell and company.\" This made L.B. feel very uncomfortable, knowing that his studio was about to enter a labor strike and for a moment he seemed powerless to stop it. But, he knew that Danny and Sawyer would have to return to Hollywood to help him deal with this crisis that he now had on his hands.[Chapter 6] Chapter 6 \"Meeting Sam Cat\" The next morning, Danny, Sawyer and Pudge went down to New York harbor to await the arrival of Sam's ship, which was the RMS Queen Elizabeth . Sawyer could not wait to see her brother after all this time and Danny and Pudge were more than excited to be meeting him too. Danny could see how excited Sawyer was to be seeing her brother. Despite the fact that she had not seen him since she left for Hollywood so many years ago, Sawyer had always longed for the day to see him again. Just then, they saw the Queen Elizabeth arriving at the dock, seemingly unscathed as a sign that she made it out all right travelling through the treacherous Atlantic Ocean. For a moment, it seemed like Sawyer was going to faint, but Danny made sure that didn't happen at any time. \"Quick, Danny,\" she whispered. \"Is my hat straight?\" Danny looked at the brown hat Sawyer was wearing and gave her thumbs up as a sign that she looked fine. \"You look fine, Sawyer,\" he said. \"It's not like he is going to care about how you look. All that he cares about is seeing you again after all these years, that's all.\" \"Yeah, just do what he said,\" added Pudge. \"You'll be fine.\" \"Thanks, you two,\" said Sawyer and at that moment, a male white cat came walking down the gangplank of the ship dressed in a gray suit and red tie. On his head, he wore a straw hat similar to Danny's and was carrying a bouquet of roses in his hand. Sawyer waited until he walked off the gangplank and ran over to him as fast as her legs could carry her and she and her brother went into a long embrace as Sawyer cried tears of happiness while Danny and Pudge looked on. \"I've missed you so much, Sawyer,\" said Sam. \"I've missed you too,\" cried Sawyer, as she broke away from her brother and he handed her the flowers. \"I got your message saying that you just left England.\" \"It must have taken longer with the Germans patrolling the oceans,\" replied Sam. \"We were lucky to leave Southampton right away. The German submarines are everywhere.\" But, Sawyer beckoned Danny and Pudge over to them so that they could meet Sam as well. \"Sam,\" said Sawyer. \"I'd like to introduce you to my boyfriend, Danny and our friend, Peabo Pudgemeyer. \" \"It's an honor to finally meet you,\" said Danny, taking off his hat. \"You can call me Pudge, Sam,\" chuckled Pudge. \"I will,\" he replied. \"I have a lot of catching up to do with my sister and I am looking forward to getting to know the both of you.\" So, they all left the docks and took a taxi back to the Michelangelo, where Sam checked into a room that was right next door to where Danny, Sawyer and Pudge were staying. It didn't matter where Sam was staying, all that mattered was that he and Sawyer were together again and Danny allowed Sawyer to spend time with him so that they could reconnect after so many years apart. \"Kind of makes you think, Pudge,\" said Danny as Sawyer and Sam went off to lunch together. \"Doesn't it think that it wasn't that long ago that we became famous around the world and yet we never had time to think about our private lives?\" \"I wouldn't say that, Danny,\" replied Pudge. \"During the entire time we have been here, I can't help but often think about my family back in Hollywood and how they are coping with me being so far from home. I tell them every day about our adventures and they are happy that I am spending time with animals like you.\" \"I am happy to hear that, Pudge,\" said Danny happily. \"It's nice to hear that your parents are happy about you spending time with me.\" \"I never had any friends growing up,\" remarked Pudge. \"It's hard to talk about sometimes, but I feel comfortable talking to you about it sometimes. Everyone thought I was weak and would never get anywhere in life because I was so small. In fact, my life was never the same until I met you and Sawyer. I guess it seems like we are more like a family every day we are spending together.\" \"You are right, Pudge,\" added Danny. \"I just wish I could invite my family from Kokomo out to Hollywood for a month or so, just to let them see me perform for once with all of you. Everyone knows who we are after that performance we gave at the \"Lil Ark Angel\" premiere last year. Yet, we are still hated by some of the movie moguls in Hollywood.\" \"Don't say that, Danny,\" said Pudge. \"Just ignore the ones who want to bring you down and focus on the ones who want to see you succeed. Hollywood can be a tough business and those animals we saw at the train want to bring you down.\" \"What are you talking about, Pudge?\" asked Danny, who was now beginning to remember the three animals with picket signs that they saw at the train station in Los Angeles. \"Are you talking about those animals we saw at the train station?\" \"Exactly,\" said Pudge. \"Those are the people and animals you want to avoid. My dad always said to me that you must always focus on the ones who want to support you and not on the ones who want to take you down.\" \"I'd wish you say that to the animal actors back in Hollywood, Pudge,\" said Danny. \"I guess L.B. sent us out here not just because to regain our confidence after our Romeo and Juliet adaptation tanked at the box office, but also to get away from something that is brewing back in Hollywood.\" \"What do you mean, Danny?\" asked Pudge. \"What is happening in Hollywood?\" \"I am beginning to sense that the animals who were fired from Mammoth Studios after the ark incident have banded together to let L.B. hire them again and will stop at nothing until he agrees,\" explained Danny. \"We may be in for a big labor battle when we get back to Hollywood, Pudge. But, as long we stick together, we can get through this.\" Pudge was hoping that Danny was right. In fact, he was hoping that a labor strike against Mammoth Studios would not happen, but based on what was happening in Hollywood, that would most likely not be the case.[Chapter 7] Chapter 7 \"Reconnection\" While Danny and Pudge stayed behind at the Michelangelo Hotel, Sawyer and her brother Sam went to a nice café near the Broadway theatre in Central Park where they could have lunch and reconnect after so many years apart. For Sawyer, it was a happy moment for her, as she could spend time with the cat she had missed so much. As she sat with her brother, Sawyer could not help but wonder as to why she didn't follow in similar footsteps as her brother. He graduated at the top of his High School class and accepted a scholarship program at Oxford, studying to become a reporter to cover the war in Europe. Now, the dangers of war have brought him back here to America and Sawyer could sense that her brother wanted to go back and fight the Nazi's, but the army didn't allow animals to fight, but Sam wanted to prove otherwise. \"You know, Sam,\" said Sawyer as she sipped a cup of tea. \"I believe that you should consider staying here in the United States until the war is over.\" \"You always were the protective one, Sawyer,\" replied Sam. \"I want you to remember that I came to England with a dream to become a reporter and tell stories to the world. Here I am living on the ranks of war and it appears to me that I need to learn for myself what the outside world is like.\" \"It's for the right reasons,\" replied Sawyer. \"There are plenty of opportunities here in America, but I think for your sake as well as our family's, you should probably stay here where it is safe.\" \"Dad has been telling me that I should stay here,\" said Sam. \"But, my heart feels like it belongs at Oxford. I feel that Hitler will not strike it. He fears that if he bombs Oxford, many secrets that he is seeking will be lost forever.\" Sawyer couldn't help but chuckle to herself, knowing that a man hell bent on world domination would be hesitant to attack a prime target like Oxford. \"What good is Oxford to a madman anyway?\" chuckled Sawyer. \"Probably when he takes over Europe, he will want to refurbish the school into a Nazi school for youths.\" \"It's no laughing matter, Sawyer,\" whispered Sam. \"Hitler is wanting to create a new world order and what he is doing is exterminating people of Jewish origins.\" Sawyer gulped nervously at what her brother had said. In their family, Sawyer and Sam were taught that killing was one of the Ten Commandments and anyone who violated the Ten Commandments would be suffering eternal punishment. It gave Sawyer a sinking feeling in her stomach, now knowing that innocent people were being slaughtered. \"Sam, I can't believe that,\" she remarked. \"Why would he do such a thing? Is it because the Jews are more powerful than he is?\" \"I don't know,\" replied Sam. \"But many Jews at Oxford are leaving for their own safety and I don't blame them. Thank God that there is nothing of the sort going on here in the United States. But, all I want is for Oxford to be spared.\" \"I'm sure the British government will not let that happen,\" reassured Sawyer. \"Remember we went to Europe when we were kids? We were told that no one would ever strike Oxford or London for that matter.\" \"Don't forget that those were what they want you to believe,\" replied Sam. \"And I saw what had happened to your latest movie that you made with your boyfriend. If this keeps up, the movie industry will suffer the consequences of this war.\" Her brother was right. The war was indeed putting a strain on the movie industry and Sam's warning made Sawyer realize that this was not just going to be a war that would just remain in Europe. \"You don't mean Sam?\" she gasped. \"Yes,\" he said. \"The war is beginning to spread like wildfire and even though the United States will not be targeted militarily, the ideas that the Nazis and its allies imposed on others will one day spread into this country and those ideas will brainwash everyone in this country into thinking what the Nazis will think. It could be anywhere even in Hollywood, so be careful.\" \"As a matter of fact,\" said Sawyer. \"On the train over here, there were three animal actors holding picket signs on the platform of the train station in Los Angeles. It seemed like they were planning a massive protest sometime in the near future.\" \"Then it is my belief that there are indeed dark clouds gathering over the world,\" said Sam. \"And their shadows are beginning to form on the town of Hollywood.\" \"What can we do?\" asked Sawyer. \"Danny and I don't want to be swamped in this movement that is taking form.\" \"Then you must be on your guard,\" warned Sam. \"If it gets too dangerous, you must get out of Hollywood for your own safety. I have seen the damages that the Nazis have caused on the world and if they indeed bring this to our country, then the consequences will be severe.\" Sawyer was very eager to be listening in on her brother. After all, he was not only looking out for his younger sister, he was trying to keep her and her boyfriend out of the eyes of this new force that was beginning to take hold of the free world called Communism. Meanwhile, Herbert Sorrell had just pulled into Mammoth Studios and was eager to start meeting with L.B. Mammoth. He had already scheduled a meeting with Walt Disney in an effort for him to sign with his union and was now going to make his move on L.B. Mammoth. It was the beginning of Hollywood's greatest war and it wasn't even to feature guns and knives, but picket lines and loud, screaming voices. It was going to be a battle that no one was going to win, unless if something were to happen.[Chapter 8] Chapter 8 \"I'm Not Signing Anything\" While Danny, Sawyer and Pudge were still in New York City having been scheduled to leave in a few days, Herbert Sorrell walked through the gates of Mammoth Studios with the intent of getting L.B. Mammoth to sign with his union. In his mind, Sorrell wanted to be the most powerful man in Hollywood and the mere mention of his name would bring studio bosses to their knees and make them beg for his mercy. L.B. was no different than any other studio mogul in Hollywood and Sorrell knew it. But nevertheless, he was more than determined than ever to get L.B. Mammoth to sign, for he knew that the animals he threw out after the ark incident deserved better treatment and a second chance to return to the limelight and perform in front of a camera once again. In fact, the moment he stepped into L.B.'s office, the head of Mammoth Studios looked like he was going to be ready for a fight and Sorrell knew it. L.B. was determined to stand his ground by all means necessary and that he was going to defend his studio to the bitter end. \"I know what you are going to say, Mr. Sorrell,\" said L.B. \"And the answer is no. So, if I were you, I'd get out of my office without even opening that briefcase of yours.\" \"Is that so, Mr. Mammoth?\" asked Sorrell. \"Well, then, perhaps your animal actors deserve a second chance along with those group of animals you hired back because of a gig they did at a film premiere a while back. Isn't that true?\" \"It is,\" he said. \"I want to start small and then consider hiring major animal actors again. I have hired 250 additional animal actors as extras for an adaptation of Romeo and Juliet that didn't do well at the box office recently.\" \"My friend, you are so naïve of the world around you,\" continued Sorrell. \"The world is changing. Haven't you read the papers, Mammoth? There are communists running about and some could even be working right here in your own studio. Who knows? Maybe that tabby cat and his girlfriend are communists.\" \"If you are talking about Danny and Sawyer,\" defended L.B. \"Then I refuse to believe such a thing. They know better than to believe false information that people like you are trying to get out to the acting public.\" Sorrell knew that he was gaining the upper hand on Mammoth. For he knew that if he gave out the truth that animal actors were really communists, then he would force L.B. to sign for his own safety. \"Very well then, Mammoth,\" he said. \"If you think that I am going to walk out of here and leave you victim to the communists, then you can think again. It's for your own safety my fine friend.\" L.B. grew more and more madder as Sorrell continued to mock him with every chance he got. The more Sorrell taunted L.B., the more defensive he got as he continued to stand his ground. \"I refuse to believe anything you say, Mr. Sorrell,\" thundered L.B. \"I refuse to let the dignity and respect of this great studio fall victim to your union ways. The animal actors I fired will return when the time comes and I won't do so until I feel like it.\" This made the notorious union leader chuckle, knowing that a strike was now impenitent. For he knew, that L.B.'s decision to not sign with the union was going to give Sorrell the opportunity he had been waiting for. \"I'm sorry, Mr. Sorrell,\" said L.B. \"But, I'm not signing anything. Now, get out of my office before I call security.\" \"Then so be it,\" said Sorrell. \"But be warned, you will have rougher days ahead of you now that your studio is vulnerable. So, I hope you are in for the long haul. Good day.\" Sorrell grabbed his hat and suitcase and walked out the door. L.B. got up from his desk and walked over to the entrance to the door of his office and slammed the door behind him. He was not going to sign with Sorrell's union and was now beginning to realize that his studio was about to fall prey to the unions that were now starting to form to give actors and other industry people better ways of life by demanding things from their bosses. Nevertheless, L.B. Mammoth was ready to stand his ground no matter what. Meanwhile, Sorrell had left Mammoth Studios and had gathered his henchmen, Erid, Tolah and Hod to his office. \"Listen up, Gentlemen,\" he said. \"I want this impending strike to have rammifications all over the world. Now, is our time to embrace the ideas that the Furher of Germany has imposed. It's our chance to bring together the unions of Hollywood and show the leaders of Germany, Italy and Japan that we are willing to live to the new world order.\" \"And we are the ones that you have chosen to enforce this order,\" said Erid. \"We are willing to do anything you say to impose these strikes.\" \"Indeed,\" said Sorrell. \"But, what I want you to do is to keep an eye on those two cats and that penguin of theirs. I do not want them to get in the way of our mission of eternal glory and if they do get in the way, I want you to do whatever means necessary to prevent them from getting in our way. If you have to use violence, then use it.\" The three animal henchmen nodded in reply and Sorrell laughed even harder. \"Don't you see it men?\" he cried. \"The history of this town is about to rewritten for the future of this world. It is here that our sons and our daughters will have a better way of life under this new world order that the Furher of Germany is creating. Embrace it, men. This is our time!\" And the group of union members laughed hard at the top of their lungs, eager to begin one of the darkest chapters in Hollywood history.[Chapter 9] Chapter 9 \"News of Dischord\" A few days after Sam had returned to New York, he took Sawyer, Danny and Pudge to Grand Central Station for the journey back to Los Angeles. Sawyer had took her brother's warnings seriously about the thought of communism being swept through Hollywood like a brush fire and wanted Danny and Pudge to be vigilant about it. Upon saying goodbye to her brother, Sawyer was told by Sam that he would be in touch and that if any trouble were to come at her and Danny, she would have to let him know as soon as possible. In fact, during the train ride, Sawyer could not help but wonder what the communism threat was like. \"I just don't understand it, Danny,\" she said looking out the window. \"Sam told me to beware of some threat that is coming to Hollywood, but I don't know what the threat is.\" \"What kind of threat was he talking about?\" asked Danny. \"He said it was a communist threat or something,\" replied Sawyer. \"It had something to do with a new world order or something.\" \"I'd wouldn't worry about it,\" said Danny reassuringly. \"Besides, if anything were to happen, L.B. would take care of it. There is no communist threat or something that is going to turn our lives upside down.\" \"I hope you are right, Danny,\" said Sawyer. \"I hope you are right.\" Danny wanted Sawyer to be comfortable about all of this, but he knew also that there was a dark cloud that was beginning to form over Mammoth Studios. No sooner did he reassure Sawyer that he heard a strange commotion going on right outside the cabin where they were staying. \"What's going on, Danny?\" asked Pudge, who had been woken up from a nap he had been taking. \"Can't a penguin get any sleep around here?\" \"Sorry, Pudge,\" apologized Danny. \"I'll go find out what is going on. Stay here, you two.\" So Danny left the cabin and walked down the hallway and saw what appeared to be a group of passengers huddling around a cabin. Walking over, Danny was shocked and surprised by what he saw next. A pair of gorillas were showing off their newspaper to the group of people that had assembled. \"What's going on here?\" asked Danny. \"What's all the commotion about?\" \"It's Mammoth,\" said the male gorilla. \"He says that he won't sign with the union.\" \"Yeah,\" said the female gorilla. \"It's looking like Mammoth studios is about to be under siege by the animal actors union.\" \"How do you know about that?\" asked Danny walking over to the gorillas. \"Where do you see that?\" \"It's on the front page of the paper mac,\" said the male gorilla and he showed the picture of L.B. that was right on the cover and the headline above read that L.B. was a \"greedy non animal employer who doesn't care about the survival of animal actors in the town of Hollywood.\" Danny refused to believe the truth about his boss and decided to know the truth. \"I can't believe this,\" he gasped looking at the picture. \"I know L.B. Mammoth and he always cared about the animal actors.\" \"Believe it, Mac,\" said the male gorilla. \"The unions are calling for his head after what he did.\" \"What did he do?\" asked Danny again. \"He refused to sign with the union,\" sighed the female gorilla. \"He says that his studio does not play union games with anyone.\" Danny was horrified and left the cabin to let crowd embrace what they just saw. Upon returning to the cabin, Sawyer and Pudge were shocked to see Danny look so upset. \"Danny, is everything all right?' asked Pudge nervously. \"You look upset about something.\" \"It's the newspapers,\" blurted out Danny. \"They are trying to say that L.B. is a greedy studio head that doesn't believe in the rights of animal actors.\" \"I know that he hasn't hired very many animals since our performance,\" added Sawyer. \"But that doesn't mean that he doesn't care about the animal actors of Hollywood. What about Tillie? Francis? Cranston? Woolie? T.W.? Isn't he letting them star in movies after our box office flop?\" \"He is letting them perform like us,\" said Pudge. \"But, my parents always taught me to never believe everything that you hear or see.\" \"They should be right, Pudge,\" replied Sawyer who then looked at Danny. \"Danny, don't let the papers make you believe that L.B. is an evil man. We all know him for who he is and we both know he fell ashamed for what he did to us after the ark accident.\" \"Yeah,\" added Pudge. \"It was Darla's fault, not yours.\" \"How could you say that?\" added Danny. \"I think the real reason why he sent us to New York was to protect us from this nightmare that is unfolding in Hollywood.\" \"Is it true what my brother said to me?\" remarked Sawyer. \"That the threat really is sweeping Hollywood?\" \"I'm afraid that it is true, Sawyer,\" replied Danny. \"We are in for a very long ride at this point. Any more movies we make for L.B. is going to not make the money that Lil Ark Angel made. Also, I don't think an all animal musical number is going to save us at this point.\" \"I hope you are not going to believe that, Danny,\" said Sawyer. \"I refuse to let the one cat who made me realize my dream again, fall prey to something as stupid as this.\" Danny was slightly reassured by what his girlfriend had to say as Pudge also lended his support to him by placing his flipper on his hand. Sawyer then came over to her boyfriend and gave him a hug as a sign of support to him as well. A few days later, they finally made it back to Hollywood. But by then, the citizens of Hollywood were beginning to get on edge as the talk of labor unions was beginning to take hold. Just then, Danny and his friends saw Mickey Mouse pull in his car and rolled down his window. \"Hey, Danny, Sawyer,\" he whispered. \"Get inside, quickly! Ha-ha. There is something that you need to see.\" Not really sure what Mickey was talking about, Danny, Sawyer and Pudge got in Mickey's car and they drove off towards whatever was going on. None of them realized why Mickey was so worried, but in due time, they would all find out the truth.[Chapter 10] Chapter 10 \"Hollywood Labor Woes\" Mickey Mouse had picked up Danny, Sawyer and Pudge at the train station and for the next few miles were driven across town to a section of Mammoth studios that was only allowed for the press and certain members of the public. Looking inside, the four animals could see a horrible sight happening right before their eyes: the first groups of animal actors were shown to be picketing shouting cries of demanding wages and calls for L.B. Mammoth to step down as head of Mammoth Studios. Danny and Sawyer were horrified by what they were seeing and were thinking of trying to talk some sense into them, but they both knew that Mickey would be against it. \"We got to do something, Mickey,\" said Danny. \"Can't L.B. do something about this?\" \"Ha-ha, I don't think he can, Danny,\" replied Mickey. \"If he ever showed his face in this mob, then he would be a sitting duck for this mob to pick him apart and that goes for any of you too, ha-ha.\" \"Danny, this is dangerous,\" added Sawyer nervously. \"We cannot let ourselves be involved with this. L.B. needs to talk with the union about all of this.\" \"I don't know if he can, Sawyer,\" replied Danny. \"I am afraid it is up to us now to solve all of this.\" \"How can we convince them to listen to L.B.?\" remarked Sawyer. \"Try and have us do another back alley dance like that one time?\" \"I wasn't going to have that as my solution,\" said Danny. \"We need to stand by L.B. until this whole union mess is over.\" \"Ha-ha, I'd hate to bring it to you, Danny,\" said Mickey nervously. \"But, I think that a few protesters have spotted us.\" The four of them could see that a few protesters saw Danny and Sawyer in the back of the car and advanced towards the car. \"Hold on tight!\" cried Mickey and he skidded the car back in full reverse sending a cloud of dust and smoke into the air causing the protests to cough and wince in pain. Once they were clear, Mickey put the pedal to the medal and darted away from the studio as fast as his car could carry him. \"This is incredible,\" gasped Pudge. \"I can't believe the animals would do such a thing.\" \"Believe me, Pudge,\" said Danny. \"The times are definitely changing in this town and I guess we have no other choice but to roll with it.\" This didn't sit well with the rest of his comrades in the car that was owned by Walt Disney's protégé. But, little did they realize that the labor unions at Disney were also beginning to get sour at Disney as he was being viewed in the same manner as L.B. Mammoth. Neverthless, the one thing that all had to do was to stand together against this new kind of adversity. A little while later, Mickey drove Danny and Sawyer back to their apartment before leaving to take Pudge home. Sawyer was still shell shocked by the display that was shown at Mammoth Studios and Danny was also appalled by the behavior of his fellow animal actors. \"I can't believe that our fellow animal actors would do this, Danny,\" said Sawyer. \"I'm scared for our lives at this point.\" \"It shouldn't be that bad Sawyer,\" replied Danny. \"As long as we are together, I am telling you that I will not let anything happen to you or Pudge. I swear it on my life.\" \"I hope that you are not just saying that,\" said Sawyer nervously. \"I have so much to live for and I don't want to die a horrible death.\" Sawyer was so nervously that she actually started crying and Danny pulled her close to comfort her. \"Shh, Shh, it's okay, I am here for you,\" he said calmly. \"I stand by what I said when we first began dating that I am always going to be there right by your side.\" Sawyer continued to cry for her safety as Danny continued to stand by his girl at all costs necessary. Neither of them would realize the horror of the labor strike was about to hit them at a near death pace. Meanwhile, Mickey had driven Pudge home and was on his way back to Disney Studios when he was stopped by a cop. He seemed annoyed at first as he was driving the speed limit, but the cop had something else in mind for Mickey. \"Mr. Mouse,\" he said knocking on the window as Mickey rolled it down. \"What is it? Ha-ha,\" he asked annoyingly. \"I was going the normal speed limit.\" \"I just wanted to warn you that if you are travelling on the road between Mammoth and Disney studios, we are cautioning all non-union animal actors to be on their guard at all times. These protesters have gotten violent at times and we do not you or any of your friends and co-stars to get hurt.\" \"Thanks for the warning, officer,\" he said and drove off into the night. Mickey continued to drive towards Disney studios as he and Minnie had a scene to shoot for one of his shorts and he couldn't be late. However, he couldn't help but wonder why that a cop would pull over just to warn him about the labor strikes going on at Mammoth. For a while, it seemed he would try and convince Walt to let Danny, Sawyer, Pudge and all the animals from Mammoth Studios to come over and work during the strike that was going on. Little did Mickey realize that the Disney studios was about to suffer the ramifications of the unionization that was going on throughout Hollywood and that the Disney studios were about to be swallowed up in this new movement that was inspired by the leader of Nazi Germany and was going to be brought into Hollywood to torment and terrorize the people who lived and breathed in this town that they called home for so many years. It was only a matter of time before Disney would be a part of this movement and the lives of Danny, Sawyer, Pudge, Mickey and Minnie as well as L.B. Mammoth and Walt Disney would never be the same again.[Chapter 11] Chapter 11 \"May 29, 1941\" So for the next few months, Danny, Sawyer and their friends continued to survive the ongoing labor strike at Mammoth Studios. For every time that they demanded that L.B. agree to their demands, the more times he denied it. For a while, the strikers threatened LB with death threats and even threatened the lives of Danny and Sawyer themselves if they didn't join their movement. Neverthless, Danny and Sawyer continued to work for Mammoth, working on a film about a boyfriend and girlfriend living in the 1890's. At the same time, Disney was working on their own version called The Nifty Nineties starring Mickey and Minnie Mouse. On the morning of May 29, 1941, however, the lives of everyone that Danny and Sawyer knew would be turned upside down when Walt Disney drove into his studio only to discover that many of his animators and animal actors had gone on strike. \"Hey, Disney!\" shouted an animator. \"Why don't give us a better raise, huh?!\" And to prove that he wasn't joking, he threw a tomato at Walt's windshield. But, he just ignored him and drove through the madness that was going on in front of him. As he drove, he listened to the sounds of boos, jeers and hisses at him. But, he simply went to the animators that were loyal to him and focused on his new feature that he was working on called Dumbo . Going up to his office, the first thing that Walt did was called L.B. Mammoth to tell him what was happening at his studio. \"L.B. are you there?\" he asked. Mammoth, who had just been through a similar situation at his studio, was quick to answer his phone and respond. \"Yes, Walt, I'm here,\" he answered. \"I'd bet Sorrell got your people riled up this morning.\" \"Indeed,\" replied Walt. \"Mickey is not here as well as Minnie and I am glad they are not.\" \"What makes you say that?\" responded L.B. \"Danny and Sawyer had been coming into work just fine. I have been telling them since the strike at my studio began that if anyone tried to talk you into joining to just ignore them and move on.\" \"What you are saying is that I should tell Mickey, Minnie, Donald, Goofy and everyone else to do the same thing,\" said Walt. \"A few of their costars are considering joining the strike anyway. So, what should I do if anyone refuses to come into work?\" \"I actually have a man who could help you do just that,\" said L.B. \"His name is Gunther Lessing and he is someone who could help you get through this.\" \"I will have Roy help me out on this as well,\" replied Walt. \"I want you to know that I am not going through this alone, do you understand me?\" \"I do understand you, Walt,\" responded L.B. \"All I can say is good luck.\" \"Thank you,\" said Walt humbly and hung up the phone. He wanted to get in touch with Mickey and his costars, but he then heard a scream from outside and ran over to his window to see that a crate of eggs had been thrown onto Mickey and Minnie's car and one animator even tried to grope Minnie. This made Walt very cross and made it his personal pledge to have the animator who groped Minnie fired. Meanwhile, Danny and Sawyer had just finished a scene and went to their dressing rooms to change back into their normal clothes. The noise of the strike was beginning to become too much for Sawyer and Danny could sense it. \"I can't believe those people out there,\" remarked Sawyer. \"If only Sam were here to see this.\" \"I know,\" replied Danny. \"We just have to get through this like we have done in the past. These strikebreakers will get tired eventually and decide to give up and go back to work.\" \"If only that were so,\" remarked Sawyer. \"Perhaps we could go out for a while and get the thoughts of the strikes out of our minds.\" Danny was completely unaware of the situation over at Disney, but Sawyer somehow knew the truth from Mickey and Minnie. \"Since when did Disney go on strike?\" gasped Danny, adjusting his bow tie. \"I thought that all the trouble was here at Mammoth.\" \"I guess not,\" said Sawyer. \"They started striking over at Disney this morning. Apparently, one striker threw eggs at Mickey and Minnie's car and another tried to grope Minnie.\" Sawyer shuddered at the word \"groping,\" fearing that someone like that could do the same thing to her. But, Danny was quick to change the subject. \"Why don't we go to our favorite hangout spot tonight?\" suggested Danny. \"It might take the thought of these strikes out of our minds and why don't we call Mickey and Minnie to join us?\" Sawyer was hesitant at first as the route to their hangout spot, an Italian restaurant on Sunset boulevard ran right through Disney studios and that she feared that the people who caused chaos for Mickey and Minnie would target her and Danny. \"And if any those strikers try to hurt you,\" said Danny. \"I will personally make sure that these people pay for what they do.\" \"Thanks Danny,\" she said, a small smile coming to her face. \"I really appreciate that very much.\" So, later that night, Danny and Sawyer once again dressed in their clothes from the Lil Ark Angel premiere and drove towards their favorite restaurant for a night of dinner and dancing. Mickey and Minnie were going to join them as well as they wanted to put the memories of what happened that day behind them. Little did they all realize however than none of them were going to make it home safely that night as a group of strikers would do everything in their power to make the four biggest animal actors in Hollywood join their movement, one way or another…[Chapter 12] Chapter 12 \"A Date from Hell\" Danny and Sawyer carefully drove past their striking colleagues at Mammoth Studios and despite the fears of being targeted; they allowed them to pass through, knowing that some of them showed respect for Danny and Sawyer. This made the two cats feel relieved for a second as they moved on towards their destination, which by its location was like night and day as it was located in a location with only the sounds of Hollywood for company. A little while later, Danny and Sawyer arrived at Luciano's restaurant, a famous Italian restaurant frequently occupied by Hollywood's elite, including Joan Crawford, Cary Grant, W.C. Fields, Clark Gable and L.B. Mammoth himself. But, tonight, with news of the war and the fear of the strike, the restaurant was not doing well tonight. But, the owners knew Danny and Sawyer well as they sat at their usual table and had their usual waiter and ordered their usual food. But, when Mickey and Minnie failed to show up, Danny and Sawyer were beginning to worry. \"Gee, I wonder what is keeping Mickey and Minnie,\" wondered Danny. \"They should have been here by now.\" \"I know,\" added Sawyer, adjusting her hat. \"Mickey and Minnie would never miss out on something like this.\" \"What do mean by that?\" remarked Danny. \"We had just met them in New York.\" \"I know,\" continued Sawyer. \"But, I have heard stories about them and one of their favorite places was to come here.\" \"They should be along,\" reassured Danny. \"We'll give them a few more minutes.\" So, Danny and Sawyer waited and waited for Mickey and Minnie to arrive and by the time their food was served, they were still nowhere to be found. But, Danny and Sawyer then heard the sound of the band beginning to play and decided to do some dancing. \"It's a shame that they are not here,\" said Sawyer. \"I guess that they had a last minute emergency or something.\" \"Yeah, that's unfortunate,\" said Danny. \"But, aside from that, may I have this dance, my beautiful Sawyer?\" Sawyer removed her blue cover skirt and allowed her green dress to flow freely as she removed her blue hat, while Danny removed his green jacket. \"You certainly may, my handsome Danny,\" replied Sawyer sticking her hand out to his and the two cats hit the dance floor and danced to several Cab Calloway and several big band songs. For a while, it seemed that the memories of the strike at Mammoth and Disney studios had fluttered away from Danny and Sawyer's minds as they continued to dance to their favorite songs. Shortly after 11:00pm, they put on their outer garments and went back to their car for the drive home. For a while, it seemed that the drive was uneventful as Danny and Sawyer took in the sounds of the hustle and bustle of Hollywood and allowed them to continue not focusing or even thinking about the strike at their studio. However, as they continued to drive back towards their apartment, Danny saw what appeared to be a large bonfire in front of the Walt Disney studios. He wanted to take another route, but there was no other way. Sawyer, who had been sleeping soundly, was woken up by the large sounds of cheering and yelling that was going on in front of them. \"Seriously?\" yawned Sawyer. \"Don't these people ever quit?\" \"I don't think that they are going to quit as long as Disney refuses to give into their demands,\" said Danny. \"Whatever happens, Sawyer, don't look at what they are doing.\" To prove his point, Danny turned off the headlights to their car and it seemed for a while that they were going to go through undetected. Then, suddenly, the light from the bonfire exposed them to the strikers and upon seeing Danny and Sawyer, they charged towards their car. \"It's those Disney supporters from Mammoth!\" shouted a striker. \"Get them!\" shouted another striker and Danny floored the gas pedal to get away from the rushing strikers and it seemed it was going to work, but then suddenly, another group of strikers came right in front of them and Danny accidentally hit a few of them and sent them flying into the air. But, this only made the strikers grow even more angry as they grabbed rocks and threw them at the car windows. \"Danny!\" cried Sawyer as tears of fear were beginning to form in her eyes. \"Do something!\" \"I'm trying to!\" shouted Danny, as he backed up the car again. \"But these guys don't give up! Hold on, Sawyer!\" But suddenly, a large rock was hurtled into the back seat of their car and broke the rear window. Two men started to break into the car and Danny got out and tried to swat them away. However, while he was trying to fend the men off, the door to Sawyer's side was flung open and she was pulled from the car with tremendous force. \"Sawyer, No!\" cried Danny and grabbed Sawyer's hand and held it tight, trying to keep his girlfriend from being pulled into the crowds. But just then, the strikers on Danny's side yanked open his door and pulled him away from Sawyer as the crowds separated them and began to beat them and pull on their stylish clothes. However, Danny and Sawyer were knocked out as the strikers continued their relentless assault and flipped their car over. No one seemed to realize what was going on, however, Pudge had been sleeping and had heard the screams from as far away as his house and ran downstairs to his parents who then called 911. A little while later, the police and fire departments moved into the studio and dispersed the strikers by spraying water and tear gas. Many strikers were arrested and the situation was seemingly over, but there was a slight problem for the police. It appeared that Danny and Sawyer's car had been found, but the two cats were seemingly missing from view. No one knew where Danny and Sawyer were located, but somehow, everyone knew that they would be found alive somewhere inside Disney studios.[Chapter 13] Chapter 13 \"Danny's Rescue from Disney Studio\" The dawn rose over Disney Studios to reveal picket signs, weapons and large bits and pieces of firewood used to create the bonfire. But, for the question on the police and fire officals that were on the scene was trying to find Danny and Sawyer who were pulled from their car and dragged into the crowd and beaten. They were beaten all because that they didn't care about unions and all that they wanted to do was to act and fulfill their dreams of becoming Hollywood actors. A few moments later, LB had driven over from Mammoth Studios upon realizing that Danny and Sawyer never returned to start filming a scene of their latest movie. Pudge and his father, who had heard the commotion from nearby at their house and had called 911, joined them as well. \"Mr. Mammoth,\" whimpered Pudge. \"Do you think we can find Danny and Sawyer in here?\" \"I am sure we can, Pudge,\" said his father. \"I have always taught you to know that the Lord God almighty will watch every single person and animal that lives on this Earth. I promise you we will find them.\" \"I hope you are right, Mr. Pudgemeyer,\" said L.B. \"These people have turned a strike into a riot and we must find the victims of this riot who just happen to be some of these town's biggest animal stars next to this studio's two big mice.\" So, the group split up to find Danny and Sawyer. The only evidence that they had in front of them was Danny and Sawyer damaged car that was flipped over in the attack. A little while later, Walt and Mickey joined the search party and while Mickey was covering the western edge of the studio, he made a discovery of woman's makeup, money and personal mementos lying on the ground. He walked over to find a green hand purse lying only a few feet away. \"My God, ha-ha,\" he gasped quietly as he looked at the hand purse and sensing a hint of familiarity to it. \"It's Sawyer's purse.\" Realizing that he definetly sensed that Sawyer and Danny were still on the property, Mickey ran towards his boss as fast as his large yellow shoes could carry him. Walt had also found what appeared to be Danny's green suit jacket lying near a tree right by one of the soundstages. \"Walt! Walt!\" cried Mickey. \"I found Sawyer's purse right near the main animation building, ha-ha. They are definitely in here somewhere.\" \"You're right, Mickey,\" said his boss, who then turned his attention to the loyal employees who volunteered to take part in the search. \"We know that they are in here,\" he said. \"If you see an orange tabby cat and a white Persian cat anywhere in the studio, please report back to me or Mr. Mammoth.\" \"You got it, Mr. Disney,\" said one of the animators and the group split up to track down Danny and Sawyer. Meanwhile, Danny, who had been knocked out cold in the attack opened his eyes to find out that he was now in a room where the animators worked on the Ava Maria sequence for Fantasia . He was covered in bruises and burns and his clothes had been torn. His green vest and black bow tie had been ripped away and the legs of his green pants had been violently torn away. He also had a broken nose and black eyes under both of his eyes. But, he didn't care as he was determined to find Sawyer at all costs. However, when he tried to get up, he found that he couldn't. In fact, he could not feel both of his legs, so he had to do the unthinkable and he had to crawl off the sound stage. \"Help!\" he cried hoarsely. \"Is anyone in here?\" But, alas, there was no one that could be heard and Danny had the fears about his girlfriend come into view. He feared the worst for his love and if he could find anyone, just anyone to help him find Sawyer as her safety was more important than his own right now. Managing to crawl off of the soundstage, Danny managed to crawl to an open door and fortunately the group of animators searching for them was already outside looking for them. \"Help me,\" shouted Danny and the animators ran over to his side and began to see to him. \"Are you all right, Danny?\" said an animator. \"Are you hurt?\" \"Don't worry about me,\" he groaned. \"Find Sawyer, she is still out here somewhere.\" \"We're taking care of you first and then we will find your friend,\" said the lead animator. \"Can you move your legs?\" asked another. Danny tried to move but he couldn't and when he did try to move his legs, he found to himself that he was either paralyzed or had both of his legs broken. Several animators picked him up and carried him out of the soundstage towards a waiting ambulance at the front of the studio gates. As Walt, L.B. and Mickey looked on, Danny was loaded onto an ambulance and tied down to a stretcher. \"Can you find Sawyer for me, Walt?\" asked Danny, tears beginning to form at the corners of his face. \"Do whatever you can.\" \"We will, Danny,\" he said. \"And the people who did this to the both of you will pay to the fullest extent of the law. It will be either through the authorities or me.\" Pudge ran over to Danny and his father picked him up and put him to his face. Danny was encouraged by his little friend's dedication to him and Sawyer. \"Don't worry,\" he said. \"We will do whatever we can to find Sawyer.\" \"Thanks buddy,\" said Danny with a small smile on his face and the stretcher was loaded into the back of the ambulance and Danny was driven off to a nearby hospital to be treated for his injuries. Now, it was a matter of finding Sawyer, who was still somewhere inside the studio, badly injured or worse…[Chapter 14] Chapter 14 \"Sawyer's Rescue From Disney Studios\" While Danny was loaded and taken to a nearby hospital, the search resumed for Sawyer, who was still missing somewhere inside Disney studio. Many feared that being a female, she was not only subjected to beatings, but also some behavior of a disgusting nature. But, that was kept in the back of everyone's minds at the moment as they went back inside to search for Sawyer. In fact, some strikers from the night before had returned, but they too were shocked and appalled to the torture that Danny and Sawyer had endured and decided to abandon the strike and assist in the search for Sawyer. Unfortunately, being the head of Disney Studios, Walt was not too thrilled that strikers would be joining the rescue mission. \"What are you doing here?\" he said harshly to a small group of strikers. \"If you were here last night, then get out now before I call the police over here.\" \"Mr. Disney,\" said a striker. \"We had nothing to do with what happened to those cats. In fact, we left only the day before as we couldn't take the strike anymore.\" \"Are you sure that you are telling the truth?\" asked Walt sternly. \"Because if you are not, I will make sure that you feel sorry.\" \"We swear on our lives,\" said the ex-strikers. \"Honest to God.\" \"Good,\" said Walt. \"Now, join the search.\" So, the strikers left to join in the search and even though they had all switched sides for the most part. Walt was still not convinced of their allegiance. He was partly convinced that they were only back to assault Sawyer even further, so he kept an eye on them as he searched for Sawyer. By now, the search for Sawyer was already going into the midmorning. By now, many felt that Sawyer was either dead or near death and that the Disney Studios was still new to many as it had just been built barely over a year earlier. However, L.B. and Pudge were still determined to not give up as they went from room to room searching for any signs of Sawyer. The only sign of her that was found was her green hand purse and contents that Mickey had found earlier that day. However, there was about to be another break in the case. \"Mr. Disney,\" called an animator. \"A cop found this right at the sign to Dopey Drive.\" He handed Walt a small blue hat that for a moment seemed familiar to him. \"She's alive somewhere,\" Walt said to himself and still keeping the hat tightly turned his attention back to the animator. \"Ollie, show me the studio near Dopey drive,\" he said and the animator led his boss to the Dopey drive sign and then raced as fast as they could towards a group of building where Sawyer was believed to be hiding. As Walt raced towards the room where Sawyer was hiding, he couldn't help but think of her safety and whether she was alive or not. Meanwhile, in an empty soundstage, Sawyer had woken up and was severely bruised and beaten from her ordeal. The last thing that she remembered was being dragged away from Danny and into the crowd of strikers who continuously beat her up sensessly. She could see that the room she was in was dark and tried to stand on her feet, but to no avail. Her sparkling green dress that she had been wearing was ruined as a strap had been torn off of her shoulder, her blue cover skirt had been violently ripped away and she could feel a draft underneath her green skirt. She then realized that she was not wearing her white lace panties and feared the worst as she came to the realization that she may have been violated. \"Hello,\" she called weakly. \"Is anyone there?\" Yet, there was nothing but silence surrounding the empty soundstage. Trying to crawl away, Sawyer tried to get back on her feet, but could feel that one of her legs may have been broken in the attack. With her favorite dress ruined and one of her legs broken, Sawyer couldn't help but wanting to die right then and there, but she just couldn't. All she could think about was Danny, her brother and all her animal costars and colleagues. Her life began to flash right before her eyes from the day she first arrived in Hollywood to the moment she met Danny while employed at Farley Wink's animal agency right to the moment that they had their breakthrough performance at the Lil Ark Angel premiere. She just wanted to die, but just then a door opened and the sound of footfalls approached Sawyer. Fearing that the protesters would be coming back to finish her off once and for all, Sawyer closed her eyes and prepared for death. Instead, a soft voice came out to her. \"Sawyer?\" he said. Opening her eyes, Sawyer could see her brother Sam right in front of her kneeling down and picking her up gently. \"It's okay, it's okay,\" he whispered gently. \"I'm here for you now. We are going to take care of you and Danny.\" Sam carried his injured sister out of the soundstage and to a waiting ambulance where Walt, L.B., Pudge and Mickey were waiting. Several people shed some tears as they saw the gorgeous Sawyer Cat being carried out by her brother. \"Thanks for helping me find my sister,\" Sam said to Walt. \"I can see that you care deeply about the people that not just work for you.\" \"I would really like that to hear that,\" replied Walt as he handed him Sawyer's blue cover skirt. \"Sawyer might need this,\" he said. \"It'll keep her warm at the hospital.\" So, Sam took his sister's cover skirt and laid it over Sawyer like a blanket as the ambulance drove over to the hospital where Danny was also at. Walt looked on with L.B. and knowing that someone very close to them had been attacked in this horrific manner just because they didn't want to be part of this movement that was sweeping through Hollywood made them even more determined to make this people pay. It was now time to end this strike and return life to normal, but it wasn't going to be easy with Sorrell and his cohorts running the show…[Chapter 15] Chapter 15 \"Organized Scare Tactics\" So, Danny and Sawyer were taken from Disney Studios and brought to Providence Saint Joseph Medical Center just across the street from the studios. Both of them suffered major internal injuries as a result of the beatings that they had sustained when they were dragged out of Danny's car and deliberately attacked all because of the fact that either of them refused to be part of the trade unions that were fighting for a better working life. However, Danny and Sawyer still stood by their laurels and were determined to get better and return to the profession they loved most which was acting in front of the cameras again. However, Walt was still disturbed by the behavior of his animators and was in a meeting with studio lawyer Gunther Lessing and his brother Roy Disney about what to do with the animators. \"What happened here last night was unforgiveable,\" said Walt defiantly. \"Two of this industry's most popular animal actors and two very good friends of mine were attacked like innocent people because of these communists that are inspiring our animators to strike against us.\" \"Walt,\" advised Roy. \"I want to end this strike as much as you do, but if you are talking about bringing in organized crime to deal with the people that attacked Danny and Sawyer, what good would that do to those who are paying close attention to this strike?\" \"I would have to agree with your brother,\" added Gunther. \"Violence is something that should never be used to solve anything. One wrong move could leave you as open game for the communists.\" Walt sighed knowing that what his studio lawyer and brother said were true. He was never a violent person except for a few times when he was in school back in Missouri. But, this was completely different as Danny and Sawyer were nearly killed at the hands of his own people. \"I want you both to know that I am not a violent person,\" said Walt. \"But what I want to do is scare the ones who committed this atrocity into surrendering to me why they did what they did. If I can't physically get revenge against them, then I will use mental tatics.\" As much as Roy and Gunther disliked the idea of using organized crime to avenge Danny and Sawyer, it was more than necessary to get done. So, a few hours later, Walt called a man named Willie Bioff, who was a gangster from Chicago known for using scare tactics on Hollywood troublemakers whether they would be actors or people behind the scenes. The next evening, Bioff and his henchmen targeted the men who attacked Danny and Sawyer as they were walking down the sunset strip. Getting out of the car, they forced the animators into the car and pointed their machine guns right at their faces. This made the men feel scared and powerless. \"What do you want with us?\" said the first animator. \"We'll give you anything you want, just don't hurt us, please! We have wives and children at home.\" \"We have no intention of hurting you,\" said Bioff. \"However, your boss, Walt Disney, knows about your involvement with beating those two animal actors from Mammoth Studios in a senseless manner. Here you are, three young boys trying to make a living in this town and you use lethal force to get what you want.\" \"We only wanted them to join the animal actors union,\" said the middle animator. \"We need to stand together to make a better life for ourselves.\" \"Let me tell you something very closely,\" whispered Bioff. \"Studio heads use me to keep the peace in this town and if anyone gets out of line, then they call me to clean up the mess. I will have you know gentlemen, that I have never killed anyone for getting out of line. If I let you all go tonight, then you will promise me to stay out of trouble and never go near Danny and Sawyer again. Otherwise, I shall be forced to have you executed.\" This made the animators feel even more scared and Bioff's men released the animators and drove off into the night. The next morning, they came to Sorrell with news of their ordeal. \"So, your boss is using organized crime to restore order?\" asked Sorrell, puffing on his pipe. \"I'm surprised that Disney would do such a thing. Here we are, trying to make a better life for people in this town and this is the thanks that we get for trying to do so.\" \"What can we do about it, Mr. Sorrell?\" asked the first animator. \"Bioff said that he would kill us if we went near Mammoth's two cats.\" \"We are only doing this in a manner that doesn't involve violence, Mr. Tytla,\" replied Sorrell. \"I ordered all of you to create the bonfire as a warning to Walt Disney that if things don't change then everything he had ever worked for would go up in smoke. We need to hit him even harder and then maybe, we will get what we want.\" \"Perhaps we could convince the government to send him somewhere,\" said the middle animator. \"We could maybe send him on a tour of a country in Latin America or something and allow Walt's brother to hire a government mediator to end the strike.\" \"This isn't like getting your mushrooms to dance in Fantasia , Mr. Babbit,\" said Sorrell. \"The events that transpired over the past 24 hours have made me think of a different strategy to end this for our workers and live in this new world order that the Furher is creating.\" \"He is going to discover us as communists eventually, Mr. Sorrell,\" said Babbit. \"I have heard that the U.S. government is planning to send him to South America in a couple of months. Maybe we could talk to the government and send him there.\" This gave Sorrell an idea that if Walt could go on a Goodwill tour of Latin America, he could gain an advantage in this ongoing labor strike. Little did he realize that ending the strike would not make things better, but worse…[Chapter 16] Chapter 16 \"In The Hospital\" While Sorrell and his cohorts were planning to get Walt out of the country so that they could get an upper hand on the strike, Danny and Sawyer had been placed in the hospital across the street from the Disney Studios, where just twenty four hours earlier, they were nearly killed at the hands of Disney's own animators who had gone out to strike. Unbeknownst to either of them however, Walt had hired an organized crime member to scare the men who attacked them into not going near them again or else they would be put to death. Upon arrival, Danny and Sawyer's ruined clothes were cut off and that they were both dressed in blue hospital gowns. It felt uncomfortable to both of them, but it was better than being in ruined formal clothes. But, nevertheless, what began as a night on the Hollywood boulevard turned into a nightmare all because of this labor strike that everyone was wanting to end. As they continued to lay in bed, Danny looked over and saw his girlfriend lying in the hospital bed next to him and he could not help but shed a small tear. Sawyer was still unconscious and had casts on her left arm and right leg. They both also suffered massive internal injuries, but were not severe enough to be considered life threatening. Danny was wishing that he could have been there to protect Sawyer more, but there was a mob of people surrounding them and that they were unarmed and ones who didn't believe that violence solved anything. Just then, the door opened and Danny weakly told whoever it was to come in. A man in his 40's walked in and was followed by a pair of nurses. He was a doctor who was award winning as judged by the pin he wore on his white coat. \"Good morning, Mr. Cat,\" he said gently. \"My name is Dr. Peter Schneider and I have been assigned to nurse you and your girlfriend back to health.\" \"Thanks, Doc,\" replied Danny weakly. \"I'd just wish that Sawyer and I weren't in this situation. But, I am just glad that we are both alive right now.\" \"You are lucky to both be alive right now, Mr. Cat,\" said Dr. Schneider. \"However, the injuries you have sustained in the attack are considered more proof that we need to keep you here for observation for a considered period of time. According to your x-rays, you have suffered bruised ribs in your chest and lower back and your stomach muscles have been bruised pretty badly as well.\" \"What about Sawyer?\" asked Danny. \"How is she doing, Doctor?\" \"Hmm, I don't know how to tell you this,\" pondered Dr. Schneider. \"Aside from the injuries she sustained during the attack, we did a full body check on her and discovered that she was not wearing any underwear at the time of your arrival.\" This made Danny gulp with fear, now knowing that his love may have been sexually assaulted by the men who attacked them. He looked at Sawyer and then back towards Dr. Schneider. \"How can you be sure that Sawyer was sexually assaulted, Doctor?\" asked Danny. \"I can't think of anyone who would do such a thing. There is a law against sexual predators, you know.\" \"I know that, Mr. Cat,\" replied Dr. Schneider. \"However, we can't be jumping to conclusions. As a precaution, we did a rape test on Sawyer and we sent the collected specimen to the police lab for analysis. If Sawyer was indeed assaulted, then I would recommend that the ones who did this to her would be arrested and face criminal charges.\" \"But, there was so many people surrounding us,\" protested Danny. \"How are we supposed to know who did this to Sawyer?\" \"I'm pretty sure that there are many strikers who would be willing to step forward,\" said Dr. Schneider. \"But for now, I am going to recommend that you remain here and recover from your injuries.\" Danny was powerless to do anything knowing that Sawyer would be suffering from the ordeal that she had been suffering from as a result of their attack. Right now, he had to focus on getting better and back on his feet. Meanwhile, Sawyer's brother, Sam, was downstairs being told by a police detective about Sawyer's assault by the Disney animators. This made Sam enraged and wanting to press charges and he didn't care who was responsible. In his mind, he knew that every single animator on strike was a suspect. \"I don't care who it is,\" he told the officer. \"I want you to arrest as many protesters as you can. I am not going to rest unless the scumbags who attacked my sister is brought to justice.\" \"Very well then, Mr. Cat,\" said the officer. \"I will report this to my superiors and we will launch an investigation into this matter. We are already looking into Herbert Sorrell as a suspect.\" \"How would know he was there?\" asked Sam. \"From the looks of it, he was probably hiding out somewhere wanting her for himself.\" \"Now, let's not jump to conclusions,\" said the officer. \"We will question Mr. Sorrell and if we think he was associated with your sister's attack, we will be sure to bring him in.\" \"I hope so,\" said Sam, shaking the officer's hand. \"I really hope so. Thank you for your time.\" \"It's our pleasure, Mr. Cat,\" said the officer and he left. After the officer had left, Sam went to Danny and Sawyer's hospital and saw his sister still in her unconscious state and could not help to himself what would happen if she entered a series of haunted dreams as a result of her ordeal. But, he was not gonna know how Sawyer would react to the news of her assault. But, one thing was for sure, he was not going to leave her side, no matter what. Meanwhile, Sorrell was putting his plan of getting rid of Walt Disney in action and putting in a guaranteed victory in this labor war that he so desperately wants to win.[Chapter 17] Chapter 17 \"Pudge Learns The Truth\" Ever since he heard his friends screaming for help at the hands of strikers at the Walt Disney Studios, Pudge had been having living nightmares of seeing Danny and Sawyer being beating to pulps all because that they refused to join these unions. As Danny and Sawyer continued to recover, Pudge had spent day and night by his friend's bedside and only left when he got tired. His parents understood why Pudge was so close to Danny and Sawyer. They had never let Pudge hang out with friends in his early life, but ever since Danny, Sawyer and their friends came into the picture, they have come to embrace his friends as members of their family. Perhaps no one understood Pudge's situation more than his father, Peter, a former silent screen actor who had appeared as a background character in several Looney Tunes shorts with Bugs Bunny and Daffy Duck. He understood the full value of labor strikes as his union went through a similar strike shortly after the First World War. But, he had never told his son about his experiences and now would be the perfect time to reveal to Pudge what Hollywood Labor Strikes were like. One day, Pudge was waiting to see Danny and Sawyer once again, when his father walked into the hospital. \"Danny and Sawyer sure love to see you Peabo,\" he said in his deep voice. \"It's perhaps the best way to lift their spirits while they are inside.\" \"Yeah, that's what they like about it,\" replied Pudge. \"They are like the first true friends I have ever made and they helped make me who I am today.\" \"I know how you feel, son,\" said Peter. \"But, it is time that you must realize the importance of this labor strike that has been going on for some time now.\" Pudge picked up what his father was talking about as the time had now come for his son to know the truth. \"What is the importance of this strike, Dad?\" asked Pudge. \"Could it have something to do with why my friends are in here at this hospital?\" \"Well, you see son,\" began Peter. \"About 30 years ago, before I met your mother, I was a stage actor for several well-known Vaudeville shows featuring some of the biggest actors of their day, including Charlie Chaplin, Laurel and Hardy, Will Rogers and many more. I was mostly a background character for scenes when the moment called for animals. I had never got any major roles during my time, but the one thing that kept me going was the laughter that came from the audience. However, the rest of my fellow actors were not very susceptible about the matter. They were all demanding better pay to improve their ways of life and our labor union leader would stop at nothing to make sure his charges got what they wanted. \" \"But, I still don't understand, Dad,\" said Pudge. \"Who was this man who led your union?\" Peter sighed heavily knowing that the man ordering the strikes was the same man who ordered this strike. \"Pudge,\" he said grimily. \"The man who is ordering these strikes is none other than my former union boss, Herbert Sorrell. After the first strike, he was fired from his job as an assistant director at Metro Goldwyn Mayer and swore that he would stop at nothing to gain the fame and reputation that he so desperately wanted.\" \"What you are saying Dad is that Sorrell is only doing this to get fame and fortune?\" asked Pudge. \"But, I still don't understand why he would have strikers attack Danny and Sawyer? Is it because they refused to join the union or was it something more?\" \"Perhaps it was because he may have either been jealous of Danny and Sawyer's fame,\" replied Peter. \"Or he may have tried to convince the animators that Danny and Sawyer were the enemies of what the future of Hollywood in his mind was supposed to be.\" \"What does he want Hollywood to be, Dad?\" asked Pudge again. \"He wants Hollywood to be a town of unionization,\" replied Peter. \"Sorrell believes that if Hollywood is under communist law, then he believes that the studio heads will have to focus on the actors themselves and not the future of their companies. In a sense, he wants the studio heads to fall out of business and then have the union members build new studios owned and operated by them and them alone, but with Sorrell overseeing everything. You see, my son, the reason that he had the strikers attack Danny and Sawyer was because of the fact that he was afraid that Danny and Sawyer would come up with a way to end this strike without Sorrell's intent.\" Pudge was now beginning to sense that Sorrell wanted this strike to be more than just a measly walk out. With the war raging in Europe and most likely spreading to the rest of the world, Sorrell wants to prepare Hollywood to become a new sort of Metropolis. This new Metropolis that Sorrell wanted was nothing more than a Hollywood with no glamor and no fame and no fortune, but a Hollywood of disgrace and propaganda. The more Pudge thought about what his father said, the more anxious he became. But, by the time came to visit Danny and Sawyer, he still had the thought of Sorrell's plan deep in his mind. Meanwhile, Walt Disney was in his office overlooking the recent box office results of his films and a look of disappointment was seen on his face because Fantasia was not a success and he had been told by RKO to cut film down for general audiences. As much as he wanted to leave the film alone, he knew that Danny and Sawyer's recovery was more important, at least, however, until a knock at the door was heard. Walt answered it to reveal a studio courier with an envelope in his hand. Taking the envelope and looking at it, Walt learned that he was being sent by the government to take a goodwill tour of Latin America. Little did he realize, however, that this was all part of a plan by Sorrell to get Walt out of the picture and win the strike.[Chapter 18] Chapter 18 \"The End of The Strike\" In August 1941, a few months after receiving his invitation, Walt, his wife Lilly and several loyal animators boarded a plane bound for Latin America as part of a government sponsored tour of South America. While Walt thought that he was going to get away from the strains of labor negotiations, in reality, he was being pushed to the side by Sorrell and his cohorts so that they could get the strike done and over with and thus, consider it a victory for all of them. By now, Danny and Sawyer had been released from the hospital, but they had to still endure months of physical and emotional therapy as they were still recovering from their internal injuries sustained in their beatings. Nevertheless, they were glad to be out of the hospital and looking forward to being back in front of the cameras where they belong. Meanwhile, a government mediator from Washington had arrived in Hollywood and called Roy Disney and Herbert Sorrell to a Federal Bureau of Investigation office in Los Angeles as a way to settle the strike. Roy was not very happy with the idea of meeting Sorrell face to face without his brother's approval, but he knew that he had a duty to fulfill. \"I have been contacted by superiors in Washington to put an end to this strike that has been going on for some time now,\" said the mediator. \"I understand that two animal actors were attacked and beaten by these strikers, is that true?\" \"That is correct,\" said Roy. \"Walt was very upset by this and used an organized crime member to scare the men into not doing anything similar again.\" \"They were only trying to get them to join the union,\" protested Sorrell who was not looking at Roy. \"They were offended and attacked them as a way of responding to them. It was nothing more and nothing less.\" \"Mr. Mediator, this man is a liar!\" shouted Roy. \"He brainwashed our people into believing crazy ideas caused some crazed madmen in Europe.\" \"They are trying to create a better world for us all to live in,\" shot back Sorrell. \"This man and his brother must be convinced or otherwise our world continues to falter.\" \"Those are all lies!\" shouted Roy. \"Enough!\" cried the Mediator. \"We are all here to settle a strike, not talk about worldly matters.\" This made both men stop arguing at once. \"It has come to the conclusion,\" said the mediator. \"That the only way this strike can be settled is that the Disney Studios is subjected to the demands of the unions and allow the animators who have gone on strike to earn their better pay and working conditions.\" Sorrell chuckled evilly and clapped his hands together as a sign of victory, but the mediator was not finished with what he had to say. \"I am not finished yet, Mr. Sorrell,\" said the Mediator. \"As a result of violent incidents during the striked, I am hereby ordering the Disney Studios to fire two people for every person that did not go out on strike at all. Consider this a punishment, Mr. Sorrell, on those who savagely attacked Danny and Sawyer Cat.\" This new revelation was a bitter blow for Sorrell. He wanted to get a win in every category, but instead, he ended up paying a heavy price for his running of the strike and as a result of this heavy price, two people for every non striker would have to be fired from Disney Studios. \"That is that,\" said the Mediator. \"This session is adjourned.\" So, the two men were ordered to leave the mediator's office and Roy was not sure how to break the news to his brother in South America. For Sorrell, however, the news that two people for every non striker would be fired was like a crushing blow to him. Nevertheless, he was satisfied that the face of Disney Studios was changed forever and he had himself to thank. \"You might as well want to enjoy your victory while you can,\" sneered Sorrell. \"Your precious Studio is about to undergo a major transformation and I must say that is not for the better.\" \"We both lost this Sorrell,\" said Roy. \"Don't you see that? Because you purposely ordered the attack of Danny and Sawyer, you put both of us in a bad light.\" \"Who, me?\" asked Sorrell. \"I don't think so, Disney. Both you and your brother and that blowhard L.B. Mammoth too are going to suffer my wrath sooner or later.\" \"Don't you think that you have done enough damage?\" cried Roy. \"We are going to lose a lot of people because of you and your warped beliefs.\" \"The last time I checked,\" mocked Sorrell. \"My beliefs were not warped. They are purposed to make those believe that a new day is dawning upon us.\" Roy just ignored the comment and walked out of the room towards the exit. \"It's going to happen, Roy,\" shouted Sorrell as Roy left. \"You and your brother are going to feel the wrath of the new world order before you know it.\" However, his latest comment fell on deaf ears as Roy was already long gone. Meanwhile, Danny and Sawyer had just left their therapy session and were being driven back to their homes when the radio came on saying that the Disney animators strike and the Mammoth Studios strike was over. The two cats stared at each other with grim looks on their faces knowing that the strike that they nearly died in was over with no clear winners on either side. Meanwhile, Roy had contacted Walt about the strike's resolution and when Walt first heard the news, he was so furious and angry about the results that he trashed his makeshift office that he had down at the hotel where he was staying at. However, the next few years were troubled ones as the United States went to war following the bombing of Pearl Harbor and both Disney and Mammoth Studios were asked by the American government to make propaganda and wartime films. It would be another few years until Danny, Sawyer, L.B. Mammoth and Walt Disney would face Sorrell again and this time, it would be the true ending to the strike that Sorrell had started…[Chapter 19] Chapter 19 \"The Fall of Sorrell\" Several years after the Disney strike of 1941 came to an end, Danny and Sawyer had fully recovered from their injuries, but the memories of that fateful night still haunted them and at often times Sawyer would have nightmares of the men beating her up and pulling on her clothes. Nevertheless, the two love cats continued to act and receive critical acclaim for their roles in the movies. However, there was still the matter of Herbert Sorrell, the man who orchestrated the Disney Strike and somehow was solely responsible for the attack on their lives. So, on October 24, 1947, Walt and L.B. were ordered by the house of un-American activities committee to testify in regards to having several communists who were employed at Mammoth Studios and the Disney Studios. At the same time, Mickey, Minnie, Danny, Sawyer, Pudge, and Sam also attended the meeting to support him. Approaching the podium, Walt and L.B. were sworn in and sat down in front of the chairman and gave them their personal information and occupations before the questioning began. \"My first question is for Mr. Disney,\" said the chairman who then turned his attention towards Walt, who was sitting on L.B.'s right hand. \"Mr. Disney,\" asked the chairman. \"Is it your opinion that that strike was instituted by members of the Communist Party to serve their purposes?\" \"Yes, sir,\" replied Walt. \"They tried to brainwash my boys into believing that there was going to be a new world order in the town of Hollywood and that L.B. Mammoth and I would be standing in the way of achieving their goal.\" \"Do you say they did take them over?\" asked the chairman. \"And please be specific to the committee.\" \"They did take them over,\" explained Walt. \"Based on my experiences, Herbert K. Sorrell was trying to take them over. I explained to them that it was none of my concern, that I had been cautioned to not even talk with any of my boys on labor. They said it was not a matter of labor, it was just a matter of them not wanting to go with Sorrell, and they had heard that I was going to sign with Sorrell, and they said that they wanted an election to prove that Sorrell didn't have the majority, and I said that I had a right to demand an election. So when Sorrell came, I demanded an election. \" Danny and Sawyer who were watching from the gallery, sat wide eyed at what was being said by their friend. \"There was never talk of an election,\" asked Danny. \"Did you hear anything about that?\" \"No, I didn't,\" whispered Sawyer. \"Sorrell wanted me to sign on a bunch of cards that he had there that he claimed were the majority,\" continued Walt. \"But the other side had claimed the same thing. I told Mr. Sorrell that there is only one way for me to go and that was an election, and that is what the law had set up. He said he would strike, that that was his weapon. He said, 'I have all of the tools of the trade sharpened,' that I couldn't stand the ridicule or the smear of a strike. I told him that it was a matter of principle with me, that I couldn't go on working with my boys feeling that I had sold them down the river to him on his say-so, and he laughed at me and told me I was naive and foolish. He said, you can't stand this strike, I will smear you, and I will make a dust bowl out of your place, if I choose to.\" \"And I must side with Walt on this one,\" added L.B. \"A few days before my studio went on strike. Mr. Sorrell and his cronies tried to convince me to sign a similar order for the animal actors of Hollywood. A couple of years ago, we had an accident on the set of one of my Darla Dimple pictures called Lil Ark Angel. I had fired of the animal actors because of the accident and it was during the premiere of Lil Ark Angel that a group of animals did a song and dance number and I realized that I had made a mistake and hired that group of animal actors to return and work for me and my studio. However, I was in the process of re-hiring the animal actors I had fired when Mr. Sorrell came into the picture.\" The testimony of Walt and Sorrell was getting more and more revealing as the committee continued to take down what the two men were saying. \"Did either one of you recall having conversations with Mr. Sorrell in regards to the subject of communism in general?\" asked the chairman. \"I have not sir,\" answered L.B. \"As I recall, I did not have any conversations with Mr. Sorrell in regards to the subject of communism.\" \"Yes,\" interjected Walt. \"I do believe that I did indeed have a conversation with Mr. Sorrell on this matter.\" \"Please relate that conversation,\" said the chairman. \"Well, I didn't pull my punches on how I felt,\" explained Walt. \"He evidently heard that I had called them all a bunch of communists - and I believe they are. At the meeting he leaned over and he said, 'You think I am a communist, don't you,' and I told him that all I knew was what I heard and what I had seen, and he laughed and said, 'Well, I used their money to finance my strike of 1937,' and he said that he had gotten the money through the personal check of some actor, but he didn't name the actor. I didn't go into it any further. I just listened.\" \"What is your personal opinion of the Communist Party, Mr. Disney, as to whether or not it is a political party?\" asked the chairman. \"Well, I don't believe it is a political party,\" replied Walt. \"I believe it is an un-American thing. The thing that I resent the most is that they are able to get into these unions, take them over, and represent to the world that a group of people that are in my plant, that I know are good, 100 percent Americans, are trapped by this group, and they are represented to the world as supporting all of those ideologies, and it is not so, and I feel that they really ought to be smoked out and shown up for what they are, so that all of the good, free causes in this country, all the liberalisms that really are American, can go out without the taint of communism. That is my sincere feeling on it.\" \"May I add something, Mr. Chairman in order to clarify Mr. Disney's statement?\" asked L.B. \"You may do so, Mr. Mammoth,\" answered the Chairman. \"On the night of May 30th, 1941,\" began L.B. \"Two high profile animal actors named Danny Cat and Sawyer Cat were attacked by a group of Disney artists who believed in the communism belief and had tried to convince the animal actors of Hollywood to join their movement and while some did join, Danny and Sawyer refused and as a result, they were attacked and nearly beaten to death because of it. In response to this matter, Mr. Disney called upon an organized gang member named William Bioff to scare the attackers into never approaching or doing such issues to the animal actors again. I believe that Mr. Sorrell is the man solely responsible for the attack on Danny and Sawyer and should face justice for his crimes and that this should be a warning \" \"Very well, then,\" said the chairman. \"We will look into this matter and order the police to issue an arrest warrant for Mr. Sorrell and any member of the communist party that is believed to be working in the town of Hollywood, California. We are adjourned and thank you for your testimony, gentlemen.\" The testimony was over and even though Sorrell would pay for his crimes, the scars would still be there for many years to come. However, Danny still had to do something that was nearly 10 years overdue…[Chapter 20] Chapter 20 \"Ten Years Overdue\" The testimony of Walt and L.B. had given the House of Un-American Activities Committee enough evidence to turn Herbert Sorrell and many others over to the authorities not only charging them with causing disturbances to the peace, but also with attempted murder for the crimes that they committed against Danny and Sawyer. But, while Sorrell pleaded guilty to these crimes and served out a life sentence for his actions, Danny was still meaning to do something with Sawyer that he should have done a long time ago. So, one night, dressing in their repaired clothes from the Lil Ark Angel premiere, Danny took Sawyer out to their favorite nightspot for dinner and dancing and then drove off to a park near the Disney Studios for an evening stroll. Sawyer and Danny walked several times at night before, but this night it seemed was to be very much different than normal, because Danny had to do something with Sawyer that was 10 years overdue. After a short walk, Danny and Sawyer sat down at a bench and took in the cool night air that blew through them. \"You know, Sawyer,\" said Danny. \"I can't believe how far we have come since we first met that day at Farley Wink's animal agency. It seems like only yesterday we met and then proved ourselves what we could do.\" \"I have to agree with you, Danny,\" replied Sawyer. \"We've been through so many challenges ranging from Darla Dimple to the strike and the war.\" \"Yet, it seems like fate has thrown so many challenges at us and we have shown fate that whatever it throws at us, we always seem to come out on top,\" added Danny. He then looked at the engagement ring he was keeping in his pocket and was waiting for the moment when the time was right. \"In fact, Sawyer,\" said Danny nervously. \"There has been something I should have done when we had our breakthrough at the Lil' Ark Angel premiere.\" Realizing what her boyfriend was about to do, Sawyer took in an enormous gasp when Danny got down on one knee and pulled out a small box from his suit jacket. \"Sawyer Cat,\" he said. \"Ever since we first met, I have always admired your tenacity, your beauty and your determination. Will you marry me?\" Tears began to form in Sawyer's eyes upon hearing those words. She realized at that moment that she was going to spend the rest of her life with the cat of her dreams. Her parents and older brother had always wanted her to find a man to settle down with and when Danny first arrived in Hollywood nearly ten years ago, it seemed like fate had chosen her to be with him when Danny entered Hollywood for the first time. \"Yes, Daniel Cat,\" she cried. \"Of course, I will marry you.\" So, the two cats kissed and embraced one another as from a nearby tree, Sam, Mickey and Pudge looked on. \"Boy, I just love it when two lovebirds come together, ha-ha,\" said Mickey, dressed in his Sorcerer's Apprentice outfit from Fantasia. \"It's too bad that Minnie was not here to see this. \"I guess my little sister finally found the man, uh, cat, of her dreams,\" chuckled Sam. \"After everything that has happened, I would say that they finally got what they always wanted.\" \"They survived a strike and nearly being killed,\" said Pudge. \"But I think that all came through in the end don't you think so?\" \"I do,\" said Sam. \"Mom and dad are sure going to like this.\" As Mickey continued to look on, he could not help but wonder about Sam's future and what his plans were now that everything was all said and done. For someone who had been so supportive of Danny and Sawyer, Mickey knew that Sam had an education to complete in England. \"What are you going to do now, Sam?\" asked Mickey. \"I think that Oxford is calling you back, ha-ha.\" \"Well, I am first going to try and help Sawyer plan her wedding,\" replied Sam. \"Then, I am going to go back and finish what I started. It's like I have always said, I want to be there for Sawyer and this is just another step in Sawyer's life that I want to be a part of.\" \"Good for you, Sam,\" replied Pudge. \"Sawyer's lucky to have a brother like you.\" Sam chuckled and rubbed the top of Pudge's head in response to what he said. But, Mickey looked up at the night sky and knew that he had to do what he had to do before the night would be waning fast. The last time he did this was for the premiere of Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs and this would only be the second time he would do so. \"Now, if you guys don't mind, ha-ha,\" said Mickey. \"I have to do something for them while it is still dark.\" So, Mickey raised his arms and conjured up a spell that blasted out fireworks from his hands and caught the attention of Danny and Sawyer as they sat on the park bench. \"The true definition of magic, ha-ha,\" he chuckled as the fireworks continued to explode in the skies above Danny and Sawyer. \"I love you, Sawyer,\" sighed Danny. \"I love you, Danny,\" sighed Sawyer. So, the two cats kissed each other passionately and finally got the proper ending that they never had at the Lil Ark Angel premiere and kissed each other for as long as possible. The past few years had been a stressful one for Danny and Sawyer and their friends with the war and the labor strikes in Hollywood, but they got through it and were now ready to move to the next step in their lives. There was going to be some bumps in the road, but Danny and Sawyer knew from this moment on, that they and their friends were going to face those bumps in life. But most importantly, Danny and Sawyer finally got what they always wanted for a very long time and that was nothing more than a loving family. ","Summary":" Disclaimer 1: I do not own \"Cats Don't Dance,\" or its characters. They are property of Warner Bro"},{"Movie":"Last Samurai","Title":"A Way Of Life","Author":"Countrylover99","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12599198","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 Change Of Plans Katherine Graham sat in her room, her thoughts were deeply engrossed in her own small little diary at the moment. She had a habit of writing and pouring her feelings on the paper and right now, she was very excited. How could she not mention journey to America in her journal? That was the most wonderful thing that's ever happened to her, she was always shielded by her protective father. Her papa was a talented linguist, who was required to travel the world and translate the 'lies of politicians' to others, at least that's how he described his job to his daughter. Since her father had such an eventful lifestyle, Katherine grew up exploring the most of Europe and following her papa around the continent. Katherine herself, thanks to her father was not only fluent in English, but Spanish, French, Italian, Portuguese, and Japanese. Her dear papa, taught her himself those six languages and in edition he also possessed the Dutch language, Russian, and little bit of Hindi. Despite her father's persistence, Katherine had no desire of following his footsteps of becoming an international translator. It just wasn't something that interested her at all. Listening to backstabbing politicians and leaders around the world and then, translating those lies to another was not an appealing job for Katherine. Out of all those 10 languages and cultures, her father for some reason was always much more fascinated and intrigued with Japan and their way of life. He often spoke to her about the samurai warriors that protected the Emperor with their honorable code. Hence why he insisted and made sure that his daughter learned the Japanese language although, Katherine herself was much more interested in America and its infamous Wild West. Now that was absolutely fascinating and intriguing to her! So you can imagine how utterly excited and anxious the young woman was. After years of dreaming and hoping, she would finally have a chance to visit the United States of America. Her father was assigned with a new job in the country, and Katherine was overjoyed to find out that they'd be traveling to America in few days. She was eager to see the cowboys of the West, the brave cavalry, and maybe a little glimpse of the hostile Indians. Her mother, who was part Spanish, died brining her in the world, so her only guardian and a parent was her very busy father, who never ever left his daughter alone and always had her attached to hip wherever he'd go. However, there was a time though, when Mr. Graham was sent to Japan with the British trade and later to India, and that's when he didn't take his daughter with him and let her stay in London. Katherine was only 10 years of age at that time, and terribly missed her father...so much that after he returned she begged him to take her wherever he'd go. Now the young girl was no 'girl' anymore. She was turning 22 the upcoming month, and the high society of England demanded her to find a suitable husband. Apparently, that was the most important thing for a woman. Katherine rolled her eyes. Just thinking about it, made her stomach twitch with anger. She wasn't planning to marry a complete stranger or an 'admirable' man she had no feelings for. Thankfully, her father didn't pressure her about that...but the people around her did. She was the daughter of one of the most accomplished man in London, of course she had tons suitors and admirers. So in some way, voyage to the States was like an escape to her. She knew that sooner or later, she'd have to settle down with someone, but it had to be with love...and not by force. Her deep thoughts were interrupted when Simon Graham her father, entered the room rather excited himself. \"Kitty darling, I've got a jolly good news!\" Katherine quickly closed her journal, stood up and greeted her papa. \"Yes, Pa. I'm listening.\" \"There's been a slight change of plans, my dear.\" She didn't say anything, but waited for him to continue. \"Well, you see...\" Mr. Graham started, \"I'm no longer needed in the United States. Instead I've been sent to Japan as a translator for a certain officer.\" He finished his sentence with an excitement. It was obvious that her father loved Japan very much and couldn't wait to finally return there. But what about Katherine?! Her dreams of America were shattered again! \"So we're not going to the States?\" Katherine asked surprised and disappointed. \"No way! We're heading to one of the most interesting and adventurous places: Japan!\" Her father couldn't contain the happiness and cheerfully clapped his hands together. \"Now get your begs ready, we leave tomorrow.\" \"How's this a slight change of plans, papa?\" Katherine frowned and knitted her brows. \"Oh Kitty, don't worry! We'll visit America too. But right now this is where I've got to be.\" Mr. Graham said, as he hustled around looking for his books of ancient Japanese culture. Katherine couldn't help but smile at her excited father. He looked like a small child on Christmas morning! How could she ruin that?! \"Alright, papa.\" She went up and kissed him on a cheek. \"I'll start pecking right away.\" \"Jolly good!\" Her father replied happily and exited the room. Well, maybe this wasn't what she hoped for...but at least her father was overjoyed. Besides, she'd visit America sooner or later. Maybe this change of plans wasn't such a bad thing. Who knows what sort of adventure awaited her in that strange country. Leave reviews! And tell me what you think. Btw, I don't own any characters except Katherine.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 The Arrival The sound of the blue waves of the ocean were very relaxing for Katherine, as she lay in bed trying to get some rest. It was the twentieth day on the sea, and she was slowly getting used to the constant churning of the ship. It had been a while since she last journeyed to another country. Unfortunately, Katherine wasn't heading to America as she had hoped, and even though, she tried to be more positive for her overly excited father, part of her wished that she had stayed in England. What on earth did she want in Japan? No matter how much her father talked about their customs and culture, Katherine just didn't find that place interesting...if anything, she just wanted to avoid it. She dreaded the idea of facing the uncivilized barbarians whom her father called the Samurai. For some reason, these 'warrior ways' seemed very outdated and downright crude to her. She hoped that her time in Japan wouldn't be all about politics and boring drills of the Imperial soldiers. As her father had told her, apparently, he was to become the translator for an American Captain named Nathan Algren. Katherine was actually very curious to meet this brave officer who had participated in the Indian Wars. Maybe her time in Japan wouldn't be too bad if she had someone like Captain Algren by her side. Outside of her small porthole the sky was a dangerous gray. The first time she had seen it, about a week ago, it had worried her. Yet now, it was just another part of her journey; hopefully one that would be grounded soon. Katherine wasn't exactly one that was crazy about the water. She pulled on a dress as she tried to make herself as presentable as possible. Her cobalt trim was of a soft pink shade, the rest was all cream colored. It wasn't an overly expensive dress, but it wasn't one that a middle class person would wear either. Katherine decided to put her dark locks in a pretty bun and with a small satisfied sigh, she went out to meet her father on the deck. \"My lovely girl! Here you are!\" Her father greeted happily, taking her by the arm. \"The weather looks even more lovely.\" She joked as the rumbling of thunder was heard in the distance. \"Don't worry, dear...few more days and we'll arrive at the harbour.\" Simon said positively, and a small flesh of lightning could be seen hopping from cloud to cloud on the horizon. \"So, I was informed that the ship Captain Algren's on is scheduled to arrive with us. That'll be interesting.\" Mr. Graham spoke and looked down at his pocket watch. \"Indeed, father.\" Katherine agreed with curiosity. What else do you know about this officer? Besides the fact that he's a fierce soldier.\" \"Well, from what I've heard he is an excellent man, who knows what he's doing. Omura, the Emperor's advisor himself hired him to train the newly formed Imperial Army in the firearms.\" \"And all of this is to stop the samurai rebellion?\" Katherine asked innocently. \"Kitty darling, I highly doubt they'll be able to stop such experienced warriors...not even that American Captain stands a chance against them.\" Her father admitted with a heavy sigh. \"There's just something so dark and mysterious about Katsumoto and his clan.\" \"Katsumoto?\" A shiver ran down her spine as a breeze blew past her. It blew through her dress and chilled her skin; blowing strands of chocolate brown curls into her eyes. \"He is the leader of the samurai.\" Mr. Graham answered confidently. \"We better head inside, father.\" Katherine spoke up.\"It's getting rather chilly.\" Part of her was little bit cold, but another part was actually scared of hearing further stories about these samurai warriors. It was enough for one day! Besides, she had nothing to worry about...it wasn't like she was the one fighting them. \"That's a jolly good idea!\" Simon agreed and led his daughter inside. After twenty-three days at the sea, both Simon Graham and his daughter, Katherine were very glad to climb down the gangplank. The Yokohama docks were frenzy of languages, looks, smells and sounds. Japanese people mingled and walked side by side with German, French, English and Russian visitors. Katherine couldn't help but be overwhelmed at the sight as she and her father stepped from the ship at last. A series of palanquins, litters carried by bearers awaited them. Kitty looked at her father confused. \"Papa? Are we to sit here? There's no carriage.\" Before Simon could answer his daughter, the sound of another ship startled them both. \"Oh, as I said! They've arrived with us!\" Mr. Graham cried excitingly and clapped his hands. \"Jolly good!\" \"Mr. Graham!\" A stocky Japanese businessman in a suit called to them. \"Mr. Omura?\" Simon recognized the man who had hired him. He too had been sailing with the Americans. \"Bow.\" He whispered to Katherine, who immediately obeyed her father. When it came to Japan, her father knew way more than most. \"I'm so glad that we've arrived at the same time. As predicted.\" Omura smirked and turned his gaze at the young lady before him. \"This is my daughter, Katherine. She'll be accompanying me, if you don't mind.\" Simon answered nervously. Katherine noticed that this Omura man looked little bit displeased to see her, but suddenly his stone cold face changed and he nodded at her in acknowledgement. \"Miss Graham, welcome to Japan.\" Katherine wanted to answer him however, she didn't get the chance when Omura spoke again. \"Come over here, I'd like to introduce you to our American friends.\" They walked over to the docks and there stood three white men, eyeing them with much interest. \"Captain Algren, this is Mr. Simon Graham, he will be your translator.\" Omura said smugly, ignoring and not even bothering to mention Katherine. Katherine wasn't surprised. She herself didn't know what she was doing there. This was strictly manly business. And she was a woman. This wasn't her place. \"Pleasure to meet you, Captain.\" Simon said rather too enthusiastically. One of those three men, who happened to be Captain Algren forced a smile on his face and nodded at the Englishman. Katherine gazed at the three American officers curiously. Captain Algren looked quite handsome, but he was unshaven with a small beard and moustache growing. His light brown hair fell close to his shoulders and looked tangled in places. Even though he kind of reminded her of drunks that visited her father now and then, there was an honesty in his warm eyes. Something about him made Katherine realize that his life wasn't as legendary and exciting as they made it seem. The American Captain met her gaze and immediately asked. \"Omura, why didn't you introduce us to this lovely young lady over here.\" Katherine blushed at his compliment. \"This is my daughter, Katherine.\" Simon answered quickly. \"She won't cause trouble, gentlemen. She's with me.\" \"A beautiful lady in the midst of lonely soldiers...I assure you, she is already a trouble.\" Another man, slightly taller than the Captain remarked. He mostly had a clean cut face, and just sported a thin moustache. Compared to Algren, this man had more of a sneaky and snake like appearance. He didn't seem honest or trusting. Katherine felt downright uncomfortable in his presence. Simon forced a chuckle, but the situation became little bit awkward. He was a mild-mannered and goofy man. However, his daughter was like a precious jewel to him, that he intended to keep safe and sound. So the officer's crude remark was irritating. There was small pause of confusion, but Omura changed the subject. \"This is Colonel Bagley...the superior officer of Captain Algren.\" He introduced the unpleasant man to them with pride. Katherine noticed how annoyed Algren looked whenever this Bagley fellow spoke. \"And this man over here is Sergeant Gant and my good friend.\" Captain Algren spoke of the third man, who looked quite older than both Bagley and Algren. He had thick snowy hair that fell into curls, along with bushy moustache that matched in color. \"Pleasure to meet ye all.\" He said politely with a thick Scottish accent. \"Especially a lovely lass like you, Miss Katherine.\" The young woman thanked him politely, and shortly after, everyone walked over to the rickshaws. \"Colonel Bagley, care to join me?\" Omura invited the man, as he joined him with no hesitation. \"I'll see to the luggage.\" Gant informed his friend, and Captain. \"I'll catch up with you later.\" Algren nodded at the Scotsman and climbed beside Graham and his daughter, as the rickshaw set off. \"Welcome to Japan, not your typical Wild West but I assure you, just as dangerous.\" Simon spoke up confidently, as the Captain nodded casually. Katherine on the other hand didn't feel too thrilled about the idea of someone having to drag the cart like an animal. \"They'll carry us?\" She asked her father in surprise. \"We're the guests of the Emperor. We cannot walk.\" Simon answered simply. \"Why the hoods?\" Algren threw in, after noticing the big hats that covered the faces of the palanquin bearers. \"So you don't have to burden your eyes by looking at slaves.\" Mr. Graham informed and then coughed heavily. \"Oh, excuse me...\" Katherine looked at her father in concern, but she became even more worried, when he wiped bit of blood from his mouth. \"Papa, are you alright?\" \"Yes, it's all fine, Kitty.\" Simon assured, not liking the embarrassing situation he was in. \"But I saw blood-\" \"I said, I'm fine!\" Simon exclaimed at his daughter little too harshly, immediately regretting it afterwards. \"Relax, Mr. Graham, your daughter was worried. That's all.\" Algren told him calmly. \"Oh, I know. It's just that I'm alright. Really.\" \"Alright, papa. I believe you.\" Katherine said softly. \"Mr. Graham, I'd like to read everything you can turn up on this Kastumoto and his samurai.\" Algren demanded after a minute of silence. \"I'm afraid it's all in Japanese...but have no fear, my daughter and I shall work together and translate those books for you as soon as possible.\" Simon finished his sentence and smiled at his girl proudly. \"Miss Katherine is skilled in the language of the Japanese people?\" Captain Algren asked stunned and the look of fascination crossed his features. \"Quite well, sir. My father himself educated me.\" Kitty answered as her heart soared with pride. \"Impressive.\" \"It runs in the family, Captain.\" Simon Graham chuckled happily. Their bearers maneuvered them through the bustling streets of Yokohama. Katherine's attention was caught by white face painted geishas walking alongside bearded Russians. Traditional Japanese kimonos alongside European suits and hats. It was schizophrenic world of ancient Japan versus modern commercialism. Indeed it wasn't the Wild West that she so badly wished to see. But it had its own uniqueness... \"Twenty years ago, this was a sleepy little town.\" Mr. Graham started explaining the history of Japanese modernization. \"Look at it now. You see, the Emperor is mad for all things Western... and the Samurai believe it's changing too fast. The ancient and the modern are at war for the soul of Japan. So our new employer, Mr. Omura is bringing in every Western expert he can get. Lawyers from France, engineers from Germany, architects from Holland...and now of course, the warriors from America. I came over with the British trade mission, years ago. But soon was relieved of my position. I had an unfortunate tendency to tell the truth...in a country where no one ever says what they mean.\" \"So now, my father very accurately translates other people's lies.\" Katherine added with a teasing smile. \"Indeed, I was so honored to be given another chance in this country. I still can't believe it's happening for real!\" As the discussion continued, Simon kept on talking and bubbling about everything...it was becoming obvious to Katherine that Captain Algren wasn't interested in the mindless chatter, but rather was too determined to defeat the Samurai rebels. Finally, they reached the Guest Quarters and without further thought, Kitty collapsed on her bed...tired and overwhelmed with the first day's occurrences. She hoped that her time in this strange country would end well...without any complications and troubles. However, her father's bloody cough didn't leave her mind. Hopefully nothing serious was with her dear papa. Share your thoughts! I'm open to suggestions.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 New Surroundings Katherine looked rather ravishing in her long, burgundy colored silk dress. Her chocolate brown curls were half up half down, and her cheeks had delicate rosy touch to it. She didn't even need to apply blush. Katherine put on her pretty white gloves as the final touch, and with a satisfied smile sighed. She was quite content with her appearance. After all, she and her father were invited by Mr. Omura to a garden party where many diplomats from other countries were gathering. Of course, Captain Algren was also present and he needed his translator. \"Ready, Kitty?!\" Her father called from downstairs. \"Our carriage has arrived!\" \"I'm coming!\" Katherine answered and with one last look in the mirror ran out of the room. Traveling in a carriage was far more comfortable for Katherine, she couldn't stand to see poor slaves dragging those carts like animals. It made her downright uncomfortable. So she was quite glad to see a horse drawn carriage at last. She and her father made their way towards the formal celebration quite safely. \"Ah! There's Mr. Graham and his lovely daughter.\" Colonel Bagley greeted them excitingly. Captain Algren and Sergeant Gant, after noticing the father and daughter arriving, walked over to them. The three American officers were dressed nicely in their military uniforms. \"So glad to see you, gentlemen!\" Simon cried joyfully. \"Wonderful to see you again, Miss Graham.\" Colonel Bagley smirked and kissed her gloved hand seductively. Katherine was starting to get the hint. He was trying to gain her attentions. It wasn't surprising at all. Considering the fact that Katherine was the only European woman in their midst. However, this Colonel Bagley was a very unpleasant man. Deep down, something told her to stay away from him. Whether it was his manner of speaking, or dishonest thoughts...He was trouble. Simon Graham's daughter simply nodded politely and glanced at Algren, who was staring at Bagley with a disapproving look. As if he knew what the cunning man was up to. Soon Colonel Bagley was called by one of the invited guests, so after excusing himself he left the two officers with Graham and his daughter. \"I'll join you in a bit.\" Katherine couldn't help but feel relieved to see him go. At least for now, she was safe from his unwanted advances. The four of them started wondering about in the lovely garden. It was truly a beautiful sight. Lanterns and candles surrounded them. In the pristine grounds of Embassy, the party was progressing as guests kept coming in. Incongruous lifting Yankee tunes were heard from the Japanese band. The place was full with diplomats all the powers that currently were trying to devour Japan: Russia, England, Germany, France, Spain and many more. \"I remember when it was just America and the Dutch.\" Simon spoke up. \"Now everybody's getting into the game.\" As he was still speaking, they passed two German diplomats who glanced in their way with suspicion. Graham didn't hesitate to greet them in their language, as they continued to walk. \"The Germans are particularly eager. Simon remarked, when they were far enough from them. \"What do they want?\" Captain Algren asked curiously, grabbing a nearby glass of drink. \"Same thing your country wants. Most favoured nation status.\" Mr. Graham answered simply. Katherine's head was starting to hurt from all the political schemes, lies, and selfish things she was hearing nonstop. What on earth was she doing here? She should've gone to America! Not this treacherous world of politics. Anything but this! She was surprised how her father managed to keep his cool in their midst. So far what Katherine understood was that Japan wanted to become a civilized nation and was ready to invite all of the representatives of advanced countries, even if they had their own agenda. And the infamous Samurai were against it...so it was like a civil war technically. \"Gentlemen, I hope you're enjoying the taste of home.\" Omura said, as he separated himself from his entourage and approached them. Again, he didn't pay any kind of attention to Katherine. Not even glancing at her side. \"I've done with worse, believe me.\" Algren answered in confidence, gulping his drink rather too loudly. Before Mr. Omura could continue, Algren cut in. \"Forgive me, Mr Omura...but why is that you tend to overlook Miss Graham here? Is it because she's a woman?\" For a while, everyone stared at the slightly drunk Captain in complete shock. Even Katherine herself didn't know what to make of it. \"Because if that's the case, I assure you she's just as skilled in Japanese language as her father. She even plans to translate books about the samurai for me, isn't it right Miss Katherine?\" \"I'll do my best, sir.\" She answered timidly. However, part of her was happy and proud that someone finally acknowledged her abilities and didn't ignore her only because she was a woman. \"My apologies, Miss Katherine...\" Mr. Omura bowed his head somewhat embarrassed. \"I didn't know you could speak our language.\" \"Oh, I assure you Mr. Omura...I can.\" Katherine lifted her chin proudly. \"And in edition I possess five more languages, thanks to my father who was willing to teach me.\" Surprised and intrigued expression appeared on Omura's face. \" That truly is fascinating. I'm honored to have you on-board.\" He spoke in Japanese and bowed his head once more. \" The pleasure is all mine. I'm glad to be of assistance to my father and the Emperor himself. \" Katherine replied in his native tongue with an ease, earning astonished glances from Algren, Bagley, Gant, and several other Japanese guests. Simon Graham marveled at his daughter with pride. The playful music continued, beautiful geishas came in and began their fan dance. Men kept drinking, talking, laughing and having a good time. Simon Graham amused himself by speaking with Sergeant Gant about the traditional kilts that Scottish men wore. Bagley tried to convince Katherine to dance with him, but she politely rejected his offer and decided to sneak out and find the one man she couldn't see at the party: Captain Algren \"Thank you for standing up for me, earlier.\" Katherine approached the American officer, as he stood on the bridge, some distance away from the chaotic celebration. He was peacefully gazing at the stars...and drinking alcohol. \"Oh, Miss Katherine!...\" He was startled. \"No need to thank me. I did what I had to do.\" Katherine smile and walked closer to him. \"I know, but it still meant a lot to me. To be constantly ignored because of your gender is rather humiliating sometimes.\" \"Well, to be fair...this isn't exactly a place for a lady.\" Nathan Algren smirked. \"I noticed that. But I didn't have a choice, I accompanied my father because he asked me to.\" Katherine defended herself, unable to hide her irritation at his remark. \"So coming here was not your decision?\" Algren raised his eyebrows in surprise. \"No, I wanted to visit America.\" Algren couldn't help but laugh at her naive answer. \"Why?\" \"You're the American officer...you should know why.\" Kitty spoke surprised at his question. \"Ahh...I'll take a guess...\" Algren sighed. \"You wanted to see the hostile red Indians?\" \"Why not...yes! I'd like to visit the major cities as well. Like Chicago, Washington, Albany Boston, Charleston...maybe even the Wild West that's already becoming civilized.\" Katherine's last sentence changed the careless expression of the Captain. He became gloomy and sad. As if some kind of dark memories started to float in his head. \"Let me tell you one thing, war is no place for anyone...not only a woman. Things aren't as romantic as you believe them to be.\" Katherine didn't respond, the way Algren talked gave her goosebumps. It was obvious that he had gone through some horrible events in the Indian Wars. \"Just remember, stay away from the war zone.\" He warned her again. \"We might have to face these Samurai warriors at some point, and I don't want you or your father to be involved in it. Understand?\" He spoke so seriously, that all Katherine could do was just nod at him. \"Good.\" It was nightfall when Katherine decided to write in her diary. Its pages were slightly stained and it wasn't in the best of shape, but she would prefer it to an expensive journal. It previously belonged to her mother, who kept writing in it during her pregnancy. Since Katherine didn't get to meet her lovely mother, this diary was the only thing that gave her an idea of what her mother was like. Of course, Simon also told her stories about his precious wife, but to be able to read her mother's sweet thoughts was a blessing. Katherine was determined to continue writing in the journal and finish it for her mother. She was writing the pages of her feelings about her position...her protest to be involved in what was destined to be a war. Captain Algren's words stayed with her and she started to realize that maybe she would've been safer in London. But then again, what about her father?! She couldn't leave him. Katherine's train of thought was interrupted by quick and heavy footsteps in the hall. She raised her head curiously, cracking the sliding door to see who it was. A few seconds later, she poked her head into the hall, noticing distressed looking Algren making his way forcefully to his room. \"Captain,\" Kitty said softly as he came closer. His room was almost directly across the room from hers, right next to her father's chamber. \"Are you alright?\" \"I'm fine.\" Algren responded gruffly, approaching his door and entering inside. He was most definitely not alright. Out of all them, Captain Algren stood out to Katherine. There was no denying that he had a good heart and perhaps once, he used to be very happy, gentle and kind. However, the wars he participated in seemed to leave a strong impact on him...as if it were haunting him everyday. Katherine returned to her room, shaking her head slightly. One thing was for sure, these new surroundings were too much for her![Chapter 4] The First Training Chapter 4 \"I didn't realize the Emperor would want to see us this soon!\" Simon spoke excitingly, obviously overwhelmed with the turn of events. He had just returned from the palace, and was still under the impression of the young ruler of Japan. Mr. Omura had called for Colonel Bagley, Captain Algren, and Simon Graham to stand before the Emperor that morning. \"That's nice.\" Kitty said plainly, ignoring her father's excitement and eagerness. Sure, being in the presence of the country's ruler would've been interesting. But not that exciting...after all, the Emperor Meiji was a mere boy, too young to make his own decisions. Probably Mr. Omura and his other advisors dictated his every move and action. \"That's all you have to say?\" Simon asked his daughter stunned. \"Your father has seen the Emperor of Japan! Do you realize how fortunate I am? For 2000 years, no emperor was seen by a commoner. You understand what kind of honor this is for me?\" \"Yes, papa!\" Katherine laughed heartily at her father's remarks. \"Hopefully, he was worth it.\" \"Oh, he's young and very inexperienced.\" Simon spoke up. \"Seemed most interested in Captain Algren and his wars with the redskins.\" \"I'm very curious about that myself.\" Kitty replied in fascination. \"Well, sorry to disappoint you my girl. But the Captain isn't very talkative when it comes to those stories. He didn't even give the Emperor a fulfilling answer.\" Simon stated confidently, recalling Algren's small answer when the Emperor asked about the Indians. \"What did he say?\" Katherine questioned with interest. \"That they were very brave.\" There's was a knock on the door that interrupted father and daughter's conversation. It was a young Japanese boy who served in the hotel. He informed Simon that the American Officers had left to train the Imperial Army and his services as the translator were greatly needed. \"Goodness gracious!\" Simon exclaimed in alarm, after the boy delivered the message in Japanese. \"I completely forgot! Today is the first day of the training!\" \"I shall come with you, father.\" Kitty made up her mind confidently. \"I'm terribly bored here... alone all day.\" \"You must translate those ancient books, my dear.\" Her father reminded her. \"Captain Algren depends on it.\" Deep down, he didn't want his precious girl in such a place. It wasn't a safe zone for a young lady. But then again, Kitty was hardly an incapable damsel in distress. She knew how to behave even in those kinds of situations. \"And I will.\" Katherine answered brightly, grabbing the scrolls and ancient books that she had to translate. \"I'll bring them with me.\" Staying alone in her hotel room in a completely strange and unusual country was not an appealing idea to her...even though she did speak their language. Seeing that his daughter had her mind set on following her father at the training session, Simon gave up and allowed her to join him. Hopefully, the other males would've been open to the idea of having a woman there. \"Ahh finally...we're here.\" Simon spoke up, as the carriage came around the corner of the large hill. Katherine tried to sit taller as she peered around the thinning forest to see where they had arrived. At the bottom of the hill was a field that was lined with uniformed people...People who Katherine couldn't help but assume were all men. They were slightly disorganized and other superior soldiers were screaming at them in a circus of languages. The father and daughter made their way towards the troops where Captain Algren and Sergeant Gant stood before them. They were yelling out orders in English. \"Right, you little bastards!\" Gant exclaimed with his thick Scottish accent. \"You will stand up straight, or I will personally shit-kick every far eastern butt-hock that appears before my eyes!\" The so-called soldiers started moving back and forth clumsily trying to obey the orders which they obviously didn't understand. \"Mr. Graham! You're late!\" Colonel Bagley appeared, walking closer towards Simon. However, his annoyed expression changed when he saw Katherine and her sparking sea green eyes. Before anyone could answer, another voice was heard. \"Colonel, I'll take it from here.\" Captain Algren joined in, quite irritated with Bagley's bossy tone. \"I believe you have other duties to attend to.\" Colonel Bagley shot Algren a dirty look and left without another word, angrily marching towards Mr. Omura and other Japanese officers. \"Don't mind him.\" Captain Algren said after a while. \"He's still upset that the Emperor didn't show interest in his accomplishments.\" \"No worries. I'm ready to assist you, Captain.\" Simon waved his comment away cheerfully, eager to get down to business. \"Miss Katherine, I don't believe this is a right place for you.\" \"My place is where my father is.\" Katherine responded confidently at Algren's statement. Her sharp response caused the Captain to smirk while Simon was beaming with pride. \"I respect your decision, Miss.\" The trio started walking back to the open field where the disorganized troops stood with their rifles over their arms. At a raised platform stood an elderly looking man with a frost colored hair. \"That's General Hasegawa!\" Simon exclaimed after recognising the honorable officer. \"I'd like to introduce him to you, Captain.\" Algren nodded and glanced at Katherine who looked lost in her own world. He wondered what she was thinking about...definitely not about the army and training. What Algren didn't know was that her mind was occupied with the thoughts of him. She had a hard time understanding the Captain. On one hand, he looked drunk, depressed, and annoyed and on the other, he was kind, honest and warm. Kitty had a good idea what Bagley, Mr. Omura, and Gant were like. Colonel Bagley was an unpleasant, sneaky and greedy man. Mr. Omura was a businessman who had his own agenda, while Gant was a typically Scottish soldier. The men that surrounded her were all doing their job for money and personal gain. But this Captain Nathan Algren was different! He didn't enjoy whatever he was doing...it was obvious. He hated Colonel Bagley, and for some reason, he looked like a man who had given up on life. This interested Katherine...she wanted to know more about this strange man. Why was he so upset? What had he done? Why didn't he talk about the wars he participated in against the Red Indians? \" General Hasegawa, this is Captain Algren, and this here is my daughter Katherine.\" Simon greeted the honorable man in his language and introduced the other two to him. The General nodded in respect at both Algren and Katherine. \"Ask him what kind of training they've had.\" Captain Algren told Simon, obviously talking about the poor troops that were struggling to respond to the commands of the officers. Simon quickly translated it to General Hasegawa, his response caused Katherine to giggle softly. Algren looked at them completely clueless. \"He says we have trained them not to shoot their...asses off.\" Simon said trying hard not to laugh. \"The problem is they're peasants.\" Simon continued translating the General's words to Captain. \"They have never had this sort of responsibility or power.\" Katherine couldn't help but feel sad for the poor conscripts. After all, sooner or later they were expected to face the Samurai army. Most of them would probably never make it alive. According to the books she had read about the ancient warriors, they were fearless and had no word for retreat. How on earth would they suppose to win? Hopefully, Algren would teach them well. Or they'd be all doomed as her father predicted earlier when they were on the ship. \"Ask him if they have a flag.\" Algren spoke calmly. \"No flag.\" Simon translated bluntly. \"They need a flag.\" Algren said in determination walking over to help one of the peasants who couldn't even hold a gun properly. Simon followed him instantly while Katherine stayed behind with the stoic General. She figured she'd ask him couple of questions about Katsumoto and his army. She needed to gather all sorts of information about him in order to translate the books properly for the Captain. Katherine politely bowed to General Hasegawa and spoke softly. \" General, I'd greatly appreciate if you could share some details about the samurai, Katsumoto. You see, I'm translating the book for Captain Algren. And your knowledge will be of great use to me. You seem to know quite a lot about him and his rebellion.\" The elderly man looked very impressed and pleasantly surprised when he heard Katherine's fluent and soft-spoken Japanese. He answered her right away. \" Katsumoto Moritsugu is an extremely charismatic leader. To th ose who honor the old ways, he is a hero. His force is estimated at about five hundred and growing by the day. All samurai. \"What kind of man is he?\" Katherine questioned, very intrigued with what she was hearing so far. \" Katsumoto has no fear. He has no pity. He is kotsutai. -The soul of Japan.\" Katherine listened to the General in awe, she didn't realize how strong and empowering her enemies were. She had some kind of an idea, thanks to her father. But hearing these words coming from the General himself was trembling. Before she could say anything else, Mr. Omura and Colonel Bagley were walking side by side and they called for General Hasegawa, who politely bowed to Katherine and excused himself. Katherine thanked the man for the valuable information and bowed to him in respect, as he walked over to fulfill his duties. Soon afterwards, she was again approached by Captain Algren and her father. \"Miss Katherine, your father said that you'll be translating the books for me.\" \"Yes, I've already started.\" Kitty answered gently, turning her attention towards him. \"You were speaking with Hasegawa?\" The Captain raised his eyebrows in surprise. \"One must gather all details while translating a book in another language.\" Katherine replied with a small smile and glanced at her father, who was nodding his head in approval. Algren couldn't help but admire her cleverness, bright, and fresh personality. She had so much life in her. Part of him was worried for her. After all, in some way she was part of this inevitable war and he knew very well what kind of psychological scars the battles left on one's mind especially, on a young girl. \"I see,\" Algren paused for a while. \"Mr. Graham, you and your daughter are a great help-\" As he was still speaking suddenly, Simon started to cough hysterically, he tried to cover his mouth with a small handkerchief. To Katherine's horror, she soon noticed that her father was spitting out blood. \"Mr. Graham! Are you alright?\" Algren questioned urgently. \"Papa!\" Katherine exclaimed terrified. \"Papa, what's wrong?!\" \"I'm fine...I'm-\" And just like that, all of a sudden, Mr. Graham lost control and collapsed on the ground. Katherine cried out frantically as she rushed towards her father, while Algren yelled on top of his lungs for help. Mr. Omura, Colonel Bagley, General Hasegawa, Sergeant Gant, and the other Japanese officers ran up to them after they heard the shouting. Katherine tried to wake her father up, but all in vain. She was starting to panic, Mr. Omura gave orders to seek out a doctor. However, all Katherine could think about was her father, she couldn't hear anything...everything was like a blur to her. She had lost her mother...she couldn't lose her dear father as well. She simply wouldn't be able to cope with that! Reviews motivate me![Chapter 5] Chapter 5 Switching Places \"Would you like a drink?\" Captain Algren asked Katherine, as she sat nervously in the hallway of their hotel. Her father was being examined by Mr. Omura's finest doctor. That didn't seem to calm her down. She wanted to know that everything was going to be alright. She wanted her father to be healthy and happy again. That's all that mattered to her. Tears were filled in her beautiful eyes, she played with her father's handkerchief with worry. All sorts of passive thoughts came in her mind and she tried to push them all away. And that was when Captain Algren's voice shook her from her deep and overwhelming thoughts. \"Maybe green tea?\" \"No, thank you.\" She answered softly, wiping a little tear away that slid down her cheek. \"Did he have any medical conditions?\" Colonel Bagley demanded coldly. \"He shouldn't have accepted this job if he was sick!\" He stated firmly. \"We can't afford to find another translator now!\" Katherine couldn't believe him! How dare he speak so ignorantly about her father?! She suddenly had the urge to slap the son of a bitch right then and there. But she was way too upset and worried about her father to even waste her time on him. However, Nathan Algren wasn't planning to submit to the arrogant man. No way! He wasn't going let him speak like that either!...not on his watch! \"You better relax, Colonel.\" He spoke up in agitation. \"That's not our biggest concern right now.\" Sergeant Gant softly nodded his head in agreement and placed his hand on Algren's shoulders. He was standing next to the Captain clearly saddened with the latest turn of events. \"Not our concern?\" Bagley repeated stunned. \"I'll tell you what isn't our concern. The well-being of some clumsy Englishman, who should've been more careful about his health in first place is definitely not our concern!\" \"That's enough, Colonel!\" Algren barked, trying to keep his cool in Katherine's presence. \"Don't you start with me!\" Colonel Bagley yelled angrily. \"We shouldn't be wasting our time with this nonsense! We are American military officers, who came here to train the Imperial Army, not nurse an old man like bunch of jobless morons!\" Captain Algren was so furious with him, that he was about rip the Colonel into pieces while Katherine didn't have time or any energy to think about those two right now. Before anything more unpleasant would occur, Doctor Takahashi came towards them. Katherine immediately flew up from her chair in eagerness. \"Please, Doctor...tell me, how's father?\" \"He is doing alright.\" Mr. Omura's Doctor spoke in good English. \"However, his health concerns me.\" \"What's wrong with him?\" Kitty's eyes were all watery again. \"Bronchitis.\" Doctor Takahashi answered. \"It's a viral infection.\" \"He'll be alright though, right?\" Algren asked in concern. \"Yes, but he needs to rest. He shouldn't be overworked.\" \"What?!\" Bagley exclaimed in annoyance. \"But we need a translator, dammit!\" \"Mr. Graham has to stay in bed and get better, under my constant watch and supervision.\" Doctor Takahashi replied firmly. \"He is in no condition to run around and participate in military affairs.\" \"I understand, Doctor.\" Katherine said with a worried tone. \"We'll do everything you say.\" \"Very good. He's asleep right now and shouldn't be disturbed.\" Mr. Takahashi bowed his head politely. \"I'll inform Omura and tell him to find someone else for a translator.\" With that, he turned on his heel and left their presence. \"Omura will not be pleased with this!\" Bagley continued whining. \"Miss Katherine, did you happen to know about your father's condition?\" Katherine turned around to face him with a deep breath trying very hard to sound nice. \"I had no idea.\" \"Colonel Bagley, calm down.\" Algren spoke up again. \"We'll figure something out. Right now the important thing is that Mr. Graham will be alright.\" \"And he'll be a vegetable for a month.\" Bagley hissed angrily and left as well, wanting nothing to do with any of them. Katherine was silently fuming because of Colonel Bagley's insensitive and heartless remarks. He was such a bastard! She was right about him being a cruel and ignorant man! \"Don't worry, lassie...you're Pa'll get better.\" Sergeant Gant said tenderly, trying to comfort the poor girl. \"Don't listen to Bagley...he's always been an asshole.\" Captain Algren added and smiled softly at Katherine. \"I appreciate your words.\" Kitty spoke gently. \"But unfortunately he is right. My father was expected to do his job here, not stay in bed all day.\" \"So what?\" Algren asked calmly. \"Who's gonna take his place? You need a translator in order to train the Imperial Army.\" Katherine insisted and sighed with a heavy heart. \"Listen, I don't need anyone. You're just as fluent and talented in the language like your father is.\" Katherine's eyes widened in surprise. She was taken a back with Algren's proposition. \"Me?\" She asked stunned. \"And why not?\" Algren raised his eyebrows. \"What do you think, Gant?\" \"That's a great idea, Captain.\" He agreed cheerfully. \"Oh, I uh...\" Katherine thought for a second. She wouldn't be able to handle it like her father. Even though she knew couple of languages, and even though she was translating the books about the samurai, that didn't mean that she was a right person for the job. If anything, she was wrong! Very wrong for the job! Just then, Mr. Omura appeared together with Bagley and his assistant. \"Miss Katherine, I heard about your father. I'm very sorry to hear that he won't be able to serve as the Captain's translator anymore. Doctor Takahashi informed me about the circumstances.\" \"It's true. He has some kind of viral infection, but he should be alright within a month.\" Katherine assured, trying to stay on the positive side. \"I'm afraid that's too long.\" Mr. Omura stated bluntly. \"We can't wait for your father. Our army has to be ready and Captain should have his translator tomorrow.\" And that's when Katherine realized that she had no other choice anymore. In order for her father to recover and heal quickly, he had to rest and stay in bed most of the time. However, the translator was also greatly needed and somebody had to take charge. If she wouldn't take her father's place, Colonel Bagley and Mr. Omura would find a way to drag her poor, sick papa back to work. And something told her, that he would agree even under the circumstances. No...she wasn't about to risk her father's health! No way! She made up her mind and was firmly determined. \"I'll take his place!\" She blurted out suddenly. \"You?\" Omura asked surprised. \"But you're a woman.\" Bagley scoffed which caused Algren to glare at him in annoyance. \"I'm very skilled in the language and quite frankly it's Captain Algren's decision.\" She looked at him confidently. \"If you'll have me I'll switch places with my father. He'll translate the books for you while also getting the rest he needs...and I'll follow you and become your personal linguist during the military training.\" \"Sounds good, Miss.\" Algren nodded with a small smile. \"If you don't have a problem Captain, I don't have a problem.\" Omura said mindlessly. \"Important thing is to get the job done. I don't care who does it...father or daughter.\"[Chapter 6] Chapter 6 Drills, Orders, Tensions Katherine woke up at early dawn, the sun was just beginning to rise. It was a new day and she had a brand new assignment that partly made her stomach twitch with nervousness. Nevertheless, Katherine was absolutely determined to keep her father safe and healthy. He was still in bed completely oblivious to the new changes that they had made. She quickly got up, tied her chocolate curls in a bun, put on her aqua colored dress that complimented her eyes and decided to check on her father. Sooner or later he'd find out about the new occurrences, and it would've been better if Kitty told him first. She entered her father's room as quietly as possible, not wanting to wake him up from his sleep. However, to Katherine's surprise, she found her papa quite awake. He was in the middle of translating the scrolls and books for Captain Algren, even on his bed. \"Father.\" Kitty called softly. \"Good morning, my girl!\" He replied rather cheerfully and coughed again. \"What are you doing?\" Katherine asked confused, as she saw her father deeply engrossed in the books. He definitely looked a lot better. \"What does it look like? I'm doing my new job!\" Before Kitty could open her mouth to speak, Simon cut in. \"Which reminds me...you should be doing your new job! Go ahead now, Captain Algren needs his new translator.\" He spoke with pride. \"Wait a minute, you know?\" Katherine raised her eyebrows surprised \"Yes, Captain Algren himself told me everything couple of hours ago, and even though I wasn't planning on submitting to this new house arrest, he convinced me that he'll take good care of you.\" After finishing his words, he coughed yet again couple of times. \"He's a trustworthy man...I like him.\" \"But papa, you have to promise that you won't overwork yourself in here.\" Katherine told him in concern. \"And you'll have to eat your breakfast that'll be delivered in an hour.\" \"Of course, of course!\" He nodded mindlessly. \"However, you too have to promise that you'll listen to the Captain and be safe in every way possible.\" \"I promise, father.\" She went up and kissed him on the cheek. \"I'm sorry, Kitty that things turned out like this for you. First I dragged you here while you were dreaming about America, and now you must take my place while I get to stay in bed all day.\" Simon said rather disappointingly. \"Father! Enough!\" Katherine exclaimed irritated. \"My number one priority is your health, and then comes everything else.\" \"I love you, my dear.\" Simon planted a kiss on her forehead affectionately. \"And I love you.\" Kitty told him softly. \"Be safe.\" He warned before she exited his room. \"I will. And you take care of yourself and listen to Doctor Takahashi while I'm gone.\" Katherine answered with a mischievous smile and left her father in peace. \"Oi, Miss Graham! Top of the mornin' to ye! \" Sergeant Gant greeted her as she made her way down the path. The sun was already over the horizon shinning brightly. Only a handful of soldiers had shown up from the wake-up call couple of minutes earlier. \"Good morning, Sergeant.\" Katherine responded politely and searched for Algren with her eyes. She wanted to thank him for convincing her father to get the rest he needed. Even though, she had been planning on informing him herself, but something told her that she wouldn't be able to argue with her protective and workaholic father. Just then, Captain Algren appeared before her eyes, he was already not too pleased with the conscripts and was shaking his head silently. He was currently pacing back and forth in front of the soldiers that had come so far. Most of them were carrying their guns clumsily and stood in lines very disorganized. They didn't look like soldiers going to battle, they looked like peasants ready to farm their lands. \"What do you think about them today, Sergeant?\" Algren asked, as he walked over to where Gant and Katherine stood. Although he sounded amused, Gant looked like he would go crazy; throwing his hands in the air and rolling his eyes. \"Scraggly.\" He growled irritated and turned towards the men and yelled on top of his lungs. \"You good-for-nothing dogs! You're a disgrace!\" He roared, as Algren looked over to Katherine expectantly. Katherine blinked in surprise. \"Are you planning to translate or?\" By that time, almost the entire 'army' had assembled in their very sloppy fashion. \"Oh...\" Katherine paused, before looking directly at the crowd of men. If she didn't do a good job and didn't please them, they'd probably want her father back...and she was way too stubborn when it came to keeping her loved ones safe. She took a deep breath and glanced back at Algren who was waiting for her patiently. \" You are no good dirty dogs. Disgraceful!\" She said with uncertainty. Algren titled his head back and laughed heartily, while wondering if even the soldier closest to them heard her command. \"Miss Katherine, let me remind you that we're in the army, not a class for children.\" Gant decided to chime in. \"Ay, I know ye can be louder than that.\" He encouraged her, playful smile spreading across his face. \"Don't worry about being proper here. These men wouldn't know either way.\" Algren added to boost her confidence. Katherine nodded softly as she turned to face the large group of men. She closed her eyes for a moment, thinking back to when she used to yell out and ride her horse through the open fields with her friends. She would find another child to frolic with while she slipped out of her father's grasp. Although, his 'grasp' had always been pretty loose. It were the overbearing nannies that restrained her from such activities. \" You no good, filthy dogs! This is disgraceful! Straight lines!\" Nothing happened. Katherine looked over at the two American officers, feeling sorry and embarrassed that no one had obeyed her command. Maybe being a woman changed things after all. The confused troops suddenly started to react as of they were slugs. First the men on the front row; taking few steps here and there; and in a matter of about thirty seconds they had finally formed neat rows. Katherine couldn't help but smile with an accomplished face, as Algren gave her the 'I told you so' glance. \"Tell them that even though you're a woman, they're still to answer to you like they would a sergeant. Algren advised and added. \"With respect.\" \"Listen, you will report to me like you would Sergeant Gant. With respect!\" Katherine shouted, feeling a wave of triumph rush over her, when all of the men bowed politely to her. Drills continued. One after another. Katherine wondered if Algren and Gant would ever take a break from the constant events. But then again, soldiers needed it; bad. Captain Algren kept on running different firing and accuracy drills for the recruits, and Gant continued to bark orders at them. Katherine's confidence was starting to grow every time she would translate a command and shout it to the fleet. It actually seemed like the men listened to her. \"Enjoying it so far?\" Algren asked, as soon as Kitty caught up with him. He was checking the soldiers on the front lines and kept walking to inspect the others at the back as well. \"Indeed, it's been an eventful morning for me.\" Katherine replied and glanced at him. \"I hope you didn't mind me talking to your father first.\" Katherine looked up at Algren surprised at the change of their conversation. After all, since the morning, he had been nothing but professional to her. \"Not at all.\" She answered softy. \"He wouldn't have listened to me anyway.\" \"I figured as much.\" Algren replied, and continued to survey his troops. As they were still walking side by side, Algren noticed General Hasegawa who nodded at them in acknowledgement. Algren looked back at Katherine. \"I'd like to ask him couple of questions.\" They approached him and Katherine politely bowed her head. \" Captain Algren would like to ask you few questions about the Samurai, of course, if you don't mind General.\" General Hasegawa nodded in response. It was a curious thing, that this man could actually speak without talking. It was as if she knew what the General was saying even though all he had done was a quick tilt of his head. Katherine had a deep respect for this man. She had heard from the other Japanese officers that he too was a samurai. And moreover, he and Katsumoto fought together for the Emperor once. She couldn't believe it...but the facts were facts. \"Who supplies their weapons?\" Algren asked. General Hasegawa and Katherine were following him as he walked couple of distance away from the troops. He wanted to speak about these matters privately, without any distractions. \"Katsumoto no longer dishonors himself by using firearms.\" Katherine translated General's words to him. \"He uses no firearms?\" the Captain asked stunned. \"To those who honor the old ways, Katsumoto is a hero.\" Katherine stated it herself, remembering what General Hasegawa had told her the other day when she herself wanted to gather information about the warriors. \"How well does he know him?\" Algren questioned again. \"The General and Katsumoto fought together for the Emperor.\" \"He fought with the Samurai?\" Algren raised his eyebrows. Katherine was confused. Didn't he know? \"He is Samurai.\" Well, apparently the Captain had no idea because the way he stared back at General Hasegawa said it all. The General on the other hand seemed amused with Algren's facial expressions. A break for dinner was not established until late that night. They skipped lunch. It was an hour these men could use for training they desperately had to have. Katherine somehow was not feeling hungry, she was way too eager to go back to her father and check up on him. Hopefully, he was doing alright and listened to the doctor. She was actually content the way she had handled herself. Although, her throat was hurting from all the yelling...she wasn't used to shouting like that. But things were changing for her now. Katherine wanted to make her father proud. And that's what she was going to do! \"You look tired, little peach.\" A sneering voice called from behind that made Katherine jump in fright. It was Colonel Bagley carrying a plate of food for her. \"Here, eat something.\" As soon as she saw the man, Kitty rolled her eyes and prayed to stay put. She dreamed of slapping him since the day he mocked her poor father. \"No, thank you. I'd rather eat in my own chamber.\" She said, trying very hard to sound nice. \"Well, it's up to you.\" Colonel Bagley shrugged his shoulders. \"I regret for offending your father yesterday...but I am a military man and my number one priority is my job.\" Katherine rolled her eyes at his justification. \"No need to explain.\" She told him coldly and turned away to leave. \"However!\" He exclaimed, and Katherine stopped. \"I can be soft and gentle too, you know.\" He neared her and stood in front of her. Katherine was starting to feel the tension and wanted to disappear as soon as possible. \"Don't be afraid of me.\" He whispered in her ear. \"I should go now.\" Katherine spoke firmly, but Colonel Bagley circled her waste with his hands, throwing the plate of food on the ground. \"I can show you a good time.\" As he said this he reached out for a kiss, and that's when Katherine slapped him across the face. \"Not even in your dreams!\" She shouted and ran away from him. Thanks for the support, HyacinthQueen13! One loyal reviewer is enough to motivate me! Don't be shy to share your thoughts and ideas.[Chapter 7] Chapter 7 Not Ready \"You need to understand that you're father's illness can't be treated overnight.\" Doctor Takahashi informed Katherine, as he kept putting cool towels on Simon's heated forehead. They were currently in his bed chamber, and poor Simon had a very high fever. \"He looked better this morning.\" Katherine spoke up, as her voice cracked from nervousness. \"That doesn't mean that he should work.\" The doctor turned to her, \"he is still sick...translating those books won't do him good. For now, he needs to forget about work.\" \"You're right. I'll keep an eye on him.\" Katherine nodded, trying hard to hold back her tears. Seeing her father in such a state drove her crazy. \"I'm afraid, I can't allow that.\" Doctor Takahashi threw in immediately. \"I want to move him over to the infirmary where I will be the one keeping an eye on him.\" These words weren't very comforting for Katherine. She didn't want her father way from her, but at the same time she wanted him to recover quickly and get better. Her heart sank every time she glanced at her father's sick form. \"If that will help him, by all means.\" She answered softly. \"Please, do whatever seems necessary.\" Separating from her father proved to be difficult for Kitty. He was no longer there for her whenever she had a question or needed someone to talk to. On top of that, she had to take over all of Simon's work that needed to be done including translating the scrolls and books herself and helping Captain Algren with training all day. Even though, Kitty tried to find time to visit her father at the infirmary, slowly that was becoming very challenging for her. She was constantly busy and worked up. She couldn't sleep well, and her routines and schedules became messed up. However, Doctor Takahashi had been right. Keeping Simon in the medical house was a way better solution. He was constantly looked after and cared for. Mr. Omura had been decent enough to offer his best doctor to them. Although, Kitty was sure that he didn't do this because he had a loving and a pure heart. He was probably showing off and proving to them that he was the real deal. However, Katherine didn't have to worry about a thing, her father was in good and professional hands..but she kept on hoping and praying that somehow her dear papa would recover quickly and get well. Honestly, she wasn't sure how long she'd be able to keep all this up on her own. Almost two weeks later, and the routine still hadn't changed. Waking up well before dawn, staying out all day, not eating dinner until late night, translating the books in the middle of the night; the almost constant screaming caused Katherine to develop a raspy voice the first week until her vocal cords became used to the stress. Katherine became quite used to Sergeant Gant and his blunt ways. She found him entertaining and he tried to keep her busy during the day. He also had a good sense of humor and knew how to change her bad mood very quickly. His positive personality made her stronger and encouraged her as well to stay optimistic. Being around Gant's outspoken mouth somehow transitioned Kitty and she was becoming comfortable, even though she was in the face of the army. Captain Algren surprisingly understood Katherine. She had no idea how, or even if he did it for everyone, but above anyone else she trusted him the most. He was the only one that made her feel safe and sound after her father. She knew that with him, she would be protected. That was the part of the reason why Simon also wasn't worried about Katherine that much, he was convinced that with Captain Nathan his daughter would be safe. It was this and the mystery about the Captain that intrigued Katherine. She had some small amount of clue about his past and what was bugging him however, she had yet to find out what exactly was about the wars with Indians that made him the way he was. There was no denying that by nature, Algren was kind, honest, just, and admirable human being. At times Katherine even considered talking to him about her secrets and fears. She would listen to him as well if he wanted to share his feelings with her. She really wanted someone to talk to, someone who'd understand her. That someone had always been her father, but suddenly she was stripped from that privilege. Katherine couldn't even find time to write in her mother's journal anymore. Speaking with Captain Algren always seemed like a comforting idea to her, but she would always stop at the last second. Besides, she knew nothing of his past, and doubted that anyone else besides himself did either. Sometimes his reactions to things were unpredictable...but Katherine was sure that if she knew even a fraction of what had happened to him before she came to know him it would all make sense. After the incident she had with Bagley, he hardly ever looked at her and most of the time treated her as if she were invisible. It was obvious that his ego was hurting and he couldn't bear the fact that a woman had turned him down. Thankfully, Katherine was quite glad that she didn't see much of the Colonel. He was always busy discussing things with Mr. Omura, who seemed to be thinking behind-the-scenes of what was truly going on. General Hasegawa was another mystery to her. His silent disposition and the manner of speech made Katherine wonder if all Samurai were like him. Her father had told her many times and now that she, herself was reading and translating books about them, she knew that the Samurai were paradoxical. Her papa had always wanted to write a book about them, but he had said many times that they kept to themselves. So gathering information about them was not an easy task. No matter what anyone said, Katherine understood that one thing was certain; they were the most sophisticated warriors on Earth. \" Fire!\" Katherine commanded, translating Gant's order...unfortunately, the army responded rather pitifully. Sergeant Gant groaned so loudly and fiercely that couple of soldiers looked over at him fearfully. He was like a scary lion to them. Katherine couldn't help but giggle softly at the whole situation. It was a very poor sight indeed...the conscripts were not ready to hold guns yet, let alone facing the Samurai. \"I suppose we should be grateful they're all firing in the same direction.\" Captain Algren remarked, coming up close to Katherine and Gant. \"Couldn't have put it better myself, sir.\" The frustrated Sergeant agreed, while Kitty smiled at his humor. Algren approached one of the soldiers who stood at the front line. He corrected his posture and showed him the proper way to hold the rifle. \"Rifle butt, against the shoulder...eye down the sight. Now slowly...fire.\" As he said these words to the soldier, Katherine immediately translated it as softly as possible. Hoping to boost the poor fella's confidence. And it worked! As soon as Algren ordered him to fire, the man managed to finally hit the target. \"Well done.\" Algren said proudly and squeezed his shoulder, the soldier smiled at him happily in return. He sure was glad to see some improvement. Katherine was about to open her mouth and compliment Algren for his wonderful teaching skills, when she noticed two figures just at the end of the trail that led up the side of the small valley. Omura stood beside Bagley who impatiently called out to them. \"Captain Algren! General! Sergeant! A word!\" Gant looked warily to Algren. Algren only returned with the tightening of his jaw, then walked towards the two men beside General Hasegawa and Gant. Katherine decided to tag along. \"Hello gentlemen,\" Bagley greeted them. And of course, Katherine wasn't surprised when he did not mention and said nothing of a female. \"We have important news.\" He cleared his throat and continued to speak. \"Katsumoto has attacked a railroad at the border of his province.\" \"We cannot govern a country in which we cannot travel freely.\" Mr. Omura added immediately. \"He must be stopped now. My railroad is a priority for this country.\" He informed them, receiving a surprised expression from each of the commanders besides General Hasegawa. Algren's face began to become tighter into a glare. Katherine knew nothing about the battle tactics, but one thing was certain even for her; the conscripts weren't ready to stop anyone. \"They're not ready.\" Algren protested, as if reading Katherine's thoughts. Bagley stared at him ready to burst into a laughter. Apparently Algren would have no say in this matter. \"The Samurai won't wait for us to be ready, Captain.\" Bagley said nonchalantly, and glanced over at Katherine with a smug look on his face. \"The rebels don't have any rifles. They're savages with bows and arrows.\" \"Whose sole occupation for the last thousand years has been war.\" Algren argued angrily, and then turned to Omura. \"With all due respect sir, I need more time to train these men.\" \"With all due respect, my railroad cannot wait!\" Omura insisted sternly. \"This is suicide.\" Gant whispered to Katherine, who herself was feeling nervous about the tense situation. It was becoming evident that neither Omura or Bagley were planning on listening to Algren. \"You have superior fire power and a larger force. I am ordering the regiment to move against the rebel Katsumoto. Track him down and engage him.\" Bagley argued right back, not even trying to reason with Algren. Captain Algren looked over at the recruits for a little while. He shook his head and glared at Bagley for a few seconds before turning around and racing back to the shooting targets. He ordered the same soldier he had personally trained earlier to load. After a while, he called out to Katherine. \"Miss Graham, tell this man to fire at me!\" \"I beg your pardon?\" Katherine stared at him in shock, not sure whatever she was hearing was true. \"Tell this man, if he does not shoot me, I will kill him!\" Algren yelled, cocking his gun and aiming at him. Kitty raised her eyebrows and almost froze, she quickly threw Gant a pointed look. This was not going to end well. Somebody had to stop him! \"Captain, if I might have a word.\" Gant said tactfully. However, Algren suddenly fired at the soldier who nearly trembled with fear, but did not load. Almost everyone including Katherine ducked their heads, except for General Hasegawa. \"Load!\" Algren cried out, firing another shot that took the man's hat off. This time Katherine quickly translated the order to him in Japanese. Finally, the soldier began to load, fear making him fumble a lot with his equipment. \"Faster! Faster!\" Algren shouted before firing yet another shot. At last the man finished loading and took an aim at the Captain. Nevertheless, he looked extremely scared and hesitant. \"Fire!\" Algren yelled, after several seconds of no action. \"Fire! Ute! Ute!\" He kept on shouting and fired again. The soldier finally fired with his rifle. It hit the hay bales behind Algren. The Captain lowered his gun and for couple of seconds looked much like he regretted not getting shot. Katherine couldn't help but feel for him, she shook her head in compassion. Algren walked back to them. As he passed the recruits, he clapped the man on the shoulder, who looked as if he was ready to pass out from the emotional stress he went through. Algren swept passed the group once more, muttering his point to Bagley. \"They're not ready.\" Katherine watched him walk off in sympathy. \"The regiment leaves at 6:00am!\" Bagley yelled, informing everyone that the plans had not changed. Katherine shook her head, rolling her eyes at him and made to follow Algren. However, she was suddenly caught by Bagley, who grabbed her close and warned with a dangerous tone. \"Take care where your loyalty lies. Don't forget, Omura can easily toss your father away if he wants to.\" \"Is that a threat?\" Katherine asked, her eyes flushing with anger. A smirk crossed Bagley's face, like his next 'move' would guarantee him victory. \"On the contrary. I'm just reminding you that your services are very required now that combat is being placed.\" Katherine's eyes widened in complete shock. Was he serious? Did she hear him correctly? \"What?\" She asked stunned, and pulled back her arm from his grasp. Katherine did not know this, but Algren hadn't gone far enough, he overheard the conversation from behind and furiously marched back at them. \"What!? She's a woman!\" He shouted in agitation. He couldn't believe this was actually happening. \"The battlefield is not her place!\" Algren argued at the devilish man, while Kitty gazed silently at the ground. She hoped this would not end with a fight. \"Well, her father was supposed to attend the battle. But might I remind you that she took his place few weeks ago?\" Bagley countered bitterly. It was obvious he was trying to get back at her for turning him down flatly and slapping him. \"Besides, it's your choice Miss Graham...however, if you do not attend, neither you or your father will receive pay. And Mr. Omura will be forced to order his Doctor to stop fussing over that man, who didn't do anything besides getting sick while being here.\" \"I'll go.\" Katherine blurted, her eyes trailing from the ground at her feet to the field of soldiers below. What had she gotten herself into? But there simply was no other option for her. If she declined their order, they'd stop medically supporting her poor father and they would not even receive their fair share of payment. Katherine had gone far enough to keep her father safe, she wasn't going to stop now. Especially, when he was starting to get little bit better thanks to Doctor Takahashi's constant care. Katherine could feel Gant's look of disbelief on her, and she was still looking sheepish when she glanced up and noticed how Algren's features were tangled with anger and frustration. He stormed by them and headed towards the army. It was now very still and quiet. Both Bagley and Omura were caught up in studying the fleet Algren had trained. Sergeant Gant had walked over to the Captain while General Hasegawa stared at her silently. Katherine gazed up at the beautiful blue sky, unable to believe that she was being thrown into a battle with Samurai...or any other kind of army. She had such dreams and prospects couple of months ago when she thought that she and her father were sailing to America. Things had changed so much for her! No matter how hard she tried to deny it...she just simply wasn't ready. She wasn't ready to leave her father, not knowing if she'd ever see him again, she wasn't ready to participate in a battle where all hope of victory was minimal, she was not ready to die so foolishly,...most importantly she absolutely dreaded and was not ready to face the Samurai. We're getting close to the Samurai! Whooo I am excited.[Chapter 8] Chapter 8 Spectres In The Fog It was getting later and later into the evening, and the sun had set a long time before Katherine finally accepted the fact that she'd be participating in an inevitable battle in the morning. She couldn't believe that this was actually happening. Her heart kept skipping so fast that she thought it would jump right out of her chest. Katherine didn't know where to start or what to do. She paced back and forth in her room, trying very hard to mentally prepare herself for what she had to go through the very next day. It was nauseating. She simply wasn't ready! Katherine walked over to open up her curtains and operate by moonlight. Somehow everything seemed so still and silent, only the sounds of crickets in the distance could be heard. At the moment, she was packing the necessary items for her...Katherine glanced at her mother's journal. She couldn't think about writing in it now. She had so much to do! She still needed to figure out how to inform her father about the news. Katherine simply couldn't bring herself on telling him the truth besides, he was in the hospital probably already asleep. However, she was determined not to worry her already sick father. Maybe she could write him a letter? With a deep breath, Kitty grabbed a white sheet of paper and started pouring her heart in it. She was getting little bit emotional and to be fair, she was very much afraid. Katherine had planned that her father would receive this letter only if she didn't make it alive...only then. Deep down she truly hoped that somehow, Captain Algren wouldn't be able to track down the Samurai and they would return home. Of course, these were her fantasies. \"Doing alright?\" Kitty jumped, jerking her head to the side to see Algren standing in the doorway. Without response she turned back around, still quiet. The last time she saw him was earlier that day in the afternoon, when they were informed about the upcoming battle. Gently she folded her letter and placed it in the envelope. \"How do you think?\" She asked. Algren stared at her silently for a little while. Not sure on how to respond. \"Here, I've brought these for you.\" He said, walking closer to her, carrying what looked like his own clothes in his arms. Katherine gazed back at him in confusion. \"What's that?\" \"For your traveling...You know, we'll be riding a horse and all.\" He carefully set the clothes down on the table. Honestly, Nathan himself couldn't comprehend what was happening. He tried so hard to run away from wars but he simply was not able to find peace. Apparently eliminating the tribal leaders was the only thing he was good at. The torturous memories of his past was too much for him and alcohol always seemed like an easy way out. Of course, that only lasted for a little while. He had given up on life a long time ago, but he couldn't bear to see a young girl like Katherine, who was so full of brightness and life wither out in a battlefield. \"I'll be more comfortable in my own dress.\" Kitty stated in determination. Algren wasn't pleased with her answer at all. \"Are you sure?\" He raised his eyebrows. \"Trust me, you'll be very restricted in a corset-\" he paused when he noticed the way Katherine glared at him. \"Forgive me,\" he cleared his throat. \"I know it's inappropriate to talk about these matters however, I insist you put on my clothes for protections sake.\" \"That's kind of you...but I'd rather die in my own clothes.\" Katherine protested. \"I doubt a peace of clothing can change someone's fate.\" Algren sighed heavily in frustration. \"That's what I was afraid of. I knew something like this would happen.\" He shook his head. \"I promised Mr. Graham that I'd keep you safe and yet...here you are heading to face the Samurai.\" \"It's not your fault.\" Katherine told him softly, feeling touched that she actually mattered to someone besides her father. \"None of us knew that the circumstances would change.\" Algren's eyes grazed over the diary that lay on the small round table, noticing how old and worn it looked. \"Is this yours?\" He decided to change the subject...after all, Katherine looked devastated with everything that was going on. The least he could do was make a conversation. \"Yes...\" She answered, sounding slightly more upset. \"...well, it belonged to my mother before she passed away.\" She explained. \"I'm sorry.\" \"Don't be. I didn't know her well.\" Kitty shrugged, hoping that she wouldn't break down in tears. \"She died while delivering me in this world. This journal was the only thing that gave me an idea of what she was like, besides hearing my father's stories about her.\" She smiled, walking over towards the table. \"Papa bought this diary for her while she was pregnant. The first few pages are written by her.\" Kitty's fingertips brushed across a thin rough leather cover. Algren nodded slowly in understanding. \"My father is my only family...and I'm his only family.\" Katherine spoke, her voice kept cracking. \"I can't bear the thought of never seeing him again.\" Tears continued to build in her eyes as she thought about it. Algren continued listening to her silently. \"Even though, I'm doing this to save my papa...I can't help but wonder if I'll cause him even more pain by getting myself killed.\" She couldn't hold back anymore, tears were already rolling down her cheeks. His heart went out to her. Algren admired her courage and determination, but he also felt compassion for her. She was too young to die like that...\"Don't worry, Miss Katherine.\" He tried his best to use his soothing voice. He couldn't remember the last time he had comforted someone especially, a young woman. He cleared his throat. Crying females weren't really his thing. \"I promise... you'll get to see your father again.\" After saying this, he pulled the emotional girl in his arms and hugged her close. \"Shhh...you'll be fine.\" Katherine was surprised with the Captain's tender gesture. \"Thank you, Captain Algren.\" She managed to respond weakly. \"Call me, Nathan.\" Algren whispered, breaking off their embrace and walking over towards the exit. \"Then, you must call me Kitty.\" Katherine called him before he left, slowly wiping away her tears. Nathan gazed back at her with a soft smile, nodded his head and left. Even though, Bagley had informed that the regiment would leave at 6:00 am. in the morning, Algren had decided that it would've been better if they left way earlier. Katherine had only couple of hours to sleep...however, she was so nervous that she couldn't bring herself to close her eyes and rest. All she could think about was the battle she'd be facing really soon. The time flew away quickly...and it was mandatory for her to rise and get ready. Katherine handed the envelope to Doctor Takahashi asking him to give it to her father if she didn't make it out alive. He promised that he would honor her wishes. Before leaving, Kitty planted a kiss on her sleeping father's forehead and stepped out of the room. It was just about midnight when the horses were starting to be loaded. The sky was pitch black with only full moon and bright stars shining over them; it was a beautiful sight... but Katherine couldn't enjoy the gorgeous surroundings at all. She nervously paced back and forth, as soldiers geared the handful of horses that the higher rankings would ride. She was wearing her simple sea green colored dress, her hair was pulled up in a bun and her corset was little bit loose. \"Oi, lass! Fine night', eh?\" Gant asked, as he helped one of the soldiers saddle up a horse. Every few minutes another group would arrive and load supplies; although they weren't anymore skilled at this than they were at fighting a battle. Katherine looked up at Gant, a weak smile appearing on her face. She felt like she was sleepwalking and didn't know how to wake up. Quickly, she marched over at her white horse and with one swift motion mounted it. The only thing that kept her from going completely insane was that she was doing this for her father. Maybe, just maybe...things would turn out fine for her. The horn sounded immediately and Bagley commanded everyone to move forward. This was going to be a really long night. The entire ride was silent, long and stressful. Katherine was already feeling tired and slightly sore...the soldiers had wound up a steep mountain pass, the trees looked even more ghastly in the dark; casting long and twisted shadows with whatever light was there. She wondered how on earth did most of them including Sergeant Gant manage to travel on foot. A shiver ran down her spine whenever she thought about dying. She wasn't ready...but since when did death wait for anyone? What if it just came out of nowhere? With no warning... They finally stopped at another mountain clearing, a thick fog surrounding them like a silver veil falling over the old and beautiful trees. Thick leaves of a deep green were a low roof above them; the trees tightly together besides the opening they had halted within. A few large oaks dotted the inside of their cage; a walled pen that men would probably die in that day. Algren broke her hypnotic state. \"Have a good night?\" He asked, trotting his horse towards her. \"It was long...I still have no idea how long it is before sunrise.\" Katherine answered, looking over at him. He nodded thoughtfully. \"A new battle. And a new enemy, but the same feeling I have every battle- men will die here today, and will I be one of them?\" He said aloud, as if reciting. \"It's the same thing every time; narrowly escaping death. Barely winning. This will be a hard fight.\" He spoke like a philosopher. Katherine didn't say anything else as fear started to settle deep within her again. She couldn't help but worry about her father, herself, and her new acquaintances. Algren raced in the front line of the army. \"Move into position!\" He ordered, which caused Katherine to remember her duty. She urged her horse to move towards where Algren was and translated his order quickly. It was better if she occupied her mind with something else...she thought about death and the Samurai way too much. \"Form a battle line on me! Pay attention, it will save your lives!\" Algren continued shouting his commands. When Katherine interpreted his words to the soldiers, she noticed General Hasegawa far behind on his horse. He was absolutely still and looked like he was on another planet. As Captain Algren continued getting his troops all lined up and ready, Katherine decided to find out what was happening with Hasegawa and why he was so distant. After all, the army needed its General. She snapped her horse into an action and came up to the stoic man. \"General Hasegawa, why are you so distant? The army depends on you.\" She asked him gently and politely, lowering her head in respect. \" I cannot fight against Katsumoto.\" The General responded sharply, and Katherine had a feeling that he didn't wish to discuss this matter any further. With a quick nod, she turned her horse and trotted back to where Algren was, busy yelling out the orders. \"Where's Hasegawa?\" Algren demanded, as soon as he saw Katherine riding up to him. He couldn't do this alone. \"Apparently, he refuses to fight against Katsumoto.\" Kitty replied, she herself feeling quite confused with whatever was happening. Algren glanced at the General who stood in the distance mounted on his steed. The look of frustration crossed the Captain's features however, he did not say anything. This sudden change of plans wasn't exactly what he had hoped for. He was the General of the army for goodness sakes! \"Captain Algren!\" Colonel Bagley barked, making Katherine jump in fright. A flight of a bird, or a twitch of a squirrel's tail; anything that might signal some kind of assault made her almost spin around in terror. No one seemed to be amused this time; as long as Bagley was now around. \"We're not here as combatants.\" Algren's face immediately tensed for a moment, adjusting his weight in the saddle. \"Then who's gonna lead them?\" He exclaimed furiously. This whole situation was beginning to look like a chaotic, unorganized circus. General Hasegawa had changed his mind last minute and wasn't planning on participating in the battle, and if Colonel Bagley and Algren were going to move to the supply train at the very back of the fleet, little bit away from danger...then who was staying to face the Samurai? Inexperienced peasants? \"Their own officers, for Christ-sake!\" Bagley answered annoyed. \"Let's move to the rear!\" He insisted, turning his horse around, not waiting for Algren anymore. \"I'm going to kill him.\" Algren muttered under his breath, only Sergeant Gant and Katherine were able to hear his words. Gant also silently cursed the Colonel for being such a bastard. \"Miss Graham, Sergeant Gant, report to the rear and see to the disposition of the supply trains.\" Algren told them after a while. It was becoming evident that he had decided to stay behind and lead the army himself. Kitty couldn't help but admire his bravery, however, when she heard the Captain's words, she froze not sure what to say or how to respond. Instead she waited to see what Gant was going to do. Apparently, he wasn't answering either...as if he didn't even hear the command of his Captain. \"Did you hear my order?\" Algren asked, sternly facing Gant. \"I did indeed, sir!\" \"Then you will obey it.\" Algren ordered, turning to Katherine. \"Both of you. Now!\" \"No disrespect intended, sir...but shove it up your ass!\" Sergeant Gant answered, making it clear that he was not planning to desert his friend and comrade. Katherine stared at him in amazement. Gant was so loyal. Sure, he was blunt and sometimes came off as bit rude to some people. But deep down he also had a good heart, just like Algren. No wonder they were both good friends. But now came the tough part... what was she going to do? Leave or stay? Either way she was in the battle...if she had to die, she'd die anyway...there was no escaping fate. The important thing for her at the moment was; how would she be remembered? A weak girl who chose to hide with a coward or a brave woman who decided to stick with her comrades? \"Miss Graham, you will accompany Colonel Bagley at the supply train.\" Algren had given up convincing Gant to go, but he wasn't planning on letting Katherine stay. \"I'm needed here, Captain.\" She answered softly. \"Miss, Graham! This is an order!\" Algren couldn't believe her stubbornness. First she refused to wear the clothes he suggested and now this? \"Then who's going to translate for them?\" She asked eagerly, looking over at the poor conscripts. Algren paused, staring at her for a little while in disbelief. Gant was smiling proudly. \"I won't leave you...Nathan.\" Katherine added gently. Algren was surprised when he heard her say his first name. He hadn't been called that since...well, he actually forgot the last time he had asked anyone to call him by his first name. Algren gazed at her for a second or two, taking her words into consideration. It was true, he did indeed need a translator. \"Alright, Kitty...but you will stay close to that oak tree, no matter what.\" Algren began to speak again, this time quietly. His eyes were not moving from the direction he believed his enemies to be coming from. He squinted to try and focus on an image he believed he saw in the fog. It disappeared, proving itself to be an optical illusion that had developed from not looking away from the silver mist. \"That tree?\" Katherine turned back around. \"Alright.\" She nodded in respect, but somehow she was still reluctant to part with the Captain. She backed her horse few feet away from the front line, nearing closer to the big oak where Algren wanted her to be. Nervousness, stress, and fear once again washed over her, as everyone and everything around her became silent. The horse nickered and stomped its foot. Even the animals seemed to feel the anxiety that was continuously building. Sergeant Gant slowly began to check his two revolvers, the small clicking of the chambers sounding like thunder ringing off the wall of fog before them. After that, it became quiet again. Way too quiet. Suddenly, there was a noise; one that Katherine found vaguely familiar as if it was embedded into the back of her mind from experience. She realized it was the sound of the horses. A fixed solid rumble could be heard beyond the wall of vision, becoming louder and louder as it neared their direction. Scores of steeds, galloping like a storm through the sky. The poor soldiers were literally shaking with fear; and Katherine shared the same problem. She couldn't stop her arms and knees from trembling. \"Samurai come.\" Japanese Lieutenant whispered in fright, as Algren looked over at him. \"You'll be fine, son.\" He encouraged, rising slightly onto his toes in the stirrups. The sound stopped. The stillness was shattered when Algren spoke up loudly. \"Sergeant Gant, order them to assume firing positions!\" All he knew was that he was about to have another adrenaline rush that comes with each battle. Gant repeated the phrase, holding one of his guns up to a firing state. \" Assume firing positions!\" Katherine shakily translated, unsure if anyone had heard her. The conscripts were so terrified that it didn't seem like they were listening to anyone. To her surprise, they slowly prepared to fire, the first row sinking into a kneeling position and the second standing behind them. Kitty couldn't stand the agonizing tension anymore. \"Fire on my order, only!\" Algren warned, and Katherine translated it with difficulty. She was starting to quiver more and more. However, she became utterly pale when she noticed a figure slowly forming in the fog. It looked like some kind of a medieval monster on horseback and gliding like a ghost. He wore an intricate, horned helmet and flowing samurai armour. No colors were present. And all Katherine could see was the haunting silhouette in the fog...a spectre from a horrifying nightmare. Slowly another appeared, and then another, until unimaginable numbers stood in front of them. As if this sight wasn't enough to scare someone to death, the Samurai warriors suddenly roared out ancient war cries that chilled the blood. The Imperial soldiers were petrified, gawking at the samurai or dropping to their knees and praying. Some of them even fainted from the overwhelming pressure. \"Hold the line!\" Algren shouted, he was starting to feel bit uneasy himself. Katherine attempted to translate his command to the troops, but she simply couldn't bring herself to open her mouth and talk. She thought she was brave enough to do this...however, she'd been so wrong. She closed her eyes, trying hard to imagine being anywhere but there. She had never been so afraid in her life before, and could no longer stare at the frightening spectres in the fog that were coming to end her existence.[Chapter 9] Chapter 9 Battle In The Fog As if a mute and blind signal were given, the Samurai suddenly charged towards them emerging from the fog in a great wave. The force was so strong and intense, that the horrified 'Imperial army' could no longer wait for Captain Algren's command, they started firing their guns in fear and pressure. \"Hold your fire!\" Algren roared, but it was too late... the soldiers had lost all sense of rationality. They were completely petrified. The Samurai warriors attacked with such intensity it was beyond Katherine's understanding. The horse's hooves pounded the ground without pity, polished metal spears and swords flashed ominously in the silver lighting. The Japanese troops fired again, this time on Algren's order. They quickly began to reload their single shot rifles, most of them started to fumble...some broke down in fright and decided to run away. This was when Katherine realized that she needed to get out of there. She urged her horse into a gallop, riding up towards the big oak trees at the back of the line of soldiers, her conscious shrieking at her to hide, run; anything to get as far away from the place as possible. The troops everywhere tried to escape in blind panic, they were swiftly butchered by the long samurai katanas and weapons. Some where sliced in half, some run over by horses. Katherine closed her eyes, hoping that somehow she'd wake up from the terrifying nightmare. She felt like she was going to be sick! Oh, how she wished to be back in her house in London, safe and sound in her father's arms. \"Sound, fall back!\" Algren shouted the retreat at last. \"Lieutenant, fall back!\" He yelled loudly. A man sounded the bugle, and the army began to withdraw; and not in a leisurely manner. The soldiers kept running for their lives, swamping Katherine in the process. It was a complete and utter chaos! Katherine's horse suddenly spooked in fright and reared up on its hind legs, knocking her from its back. Katherine shrieked in terror, landing on the hard ground. Immediately she saw dead bodies that already encircled her. She tried to stand up when she heard cries from the rear of the fleet. It was then they realized that they were completely surrounded. Even though, Algren, Gant and the Japanese officers began to call out orders, all discipline broke down...soon it was every man for himself. The battle was everywhere, and there was no way to avoid it. Kitty quickly threw herself behind the large oak, now unable to distinguish Gant and Algren's voices from the terrible, terrible sounds of battle. Blood was inescapable, wherever she looked, men were collapsing to the ground. Soldiers, she had known somewhat, died in front of her, in cries of sheer pain. In panicking state, she clasped her hands over her ears and sank to the ground, as close to the big tree as possible. She kept searching for Algren and Gant with her eyes. They were both in the middle of a heated war. Gant was firing constantly with his two cavalry revolvers. Algren was already out of ammo, so he quickly drew out his sword in order to defend himself. Katherine could no longer see the two men she mostly cared about in this battle. Instead, the howls and sight of death, pain, frustration, and even victory; filled the air. Kitty opened her eyes to analyze her surroundings, to see if she was in danger or not. Of course, she was in danger; she was in the heart of a civil battle. Soon, Kitty recognized the Japanese Lieutenant, who was cowardly escaping with some of the soldiers. He had abandoned both Gant and Algren. She couldn't blame him...part of her wished that somehow she'd be able to find a way to run away. Another part however, couldn't leave poor Nathan and Gant alone. Like it or not, she was still with them... in some ways. Bodies continued to land around her, death was everywhere, her pretty aqua colored dress was mixed with dirt and blood. Thankfully, no one had noticed her so far; maybe being a woman did help after all. She pressed herself closer to the tree, trying to become invisible. Her skirt was drenched with mud, and some places were ripped. Why didn't she listen to Algren?! There was no doubt that in his clothes, she would've been able to move more freely. Despite this, Kitty couldn't stand the thought of dying in a soldier's uniform...she was not a man! She was a woman...she was always proud of that...Might as well die in her favorite dress. A variety of flags gracefully floated through the air as the samurai warriors dashed around the grounds, mounted on their steeds, killing people instantly with a single flick of the sword in their wrists. Katherine remembered General Hasegawa and her father speak of these weapons, katanas, juttes, and yumi. She definitely was no weapon expert. All she knew was that they were lethal in the possession of these men. Each samurai was wearing his own vibrantly colored armor. She hoped that her two friends were doing okay. But when Katherine decided turn her attention back to the battle, she saw a samurai with a crimson armor spear Gant ruthlessly. She gasped, unable to scream as she clung to the big oak. The Scottish Sergeant kept struggling. \"Gant!\" Algren shouted right across from her. The samurai got off his horse, went up to Gant, and stabbed him with his sword, killing him instantly. Katherine bit her lip hard, and looked away from the terrible scene, unable to see the man, who had become her friend in this strange country, killed so violently by some barbarian in a red armor. Tears started to leak from her sea green eyes. If only this were a nightmare...she would wake up and never take anything for granted again. Deathly nausea began to set into Katherine; and she peered around the tree to try and escape the images that would be etched into her mind for eternity. As she did so, she witnessed a samurai in a black armor, and with enormous horns on his helmet, collide into Algren; somehow managing to stay mounted as Algren...Nathan and his horse were knocked to the ground. Kitty wanted to scream, but somehow managed to pull herself together. No, no! Not Algren! She wouldn't be able to cope with his death...he was the only one that was left with her...he was the one that gave her hope...that feeling of security. As long as he was alive, she knew that she'd be able to survive. Besides, she had come to care for him. She still couldn't believe that poor Gant was dead. Another samurai rushed towards Algren, charging with a balanced spear and aiming for his target. Kitty clenched her eyes closed, opening them second later just in time to see Algren flip the rider onto the ground and kill him with his own spear. A flesh of golden yellow blew past her, causing her to lay down prostrate on the ground so that she wouldn't be noticed. Again, Kitty tried her best to stay hidden behind the big oak tree. But she was starting to realize that it would be a difficult job now...the yellow samurai continued to shoot fatal arrows, each one killing its target with an ease. Her eyes nervously followed him, as he sped around towards the other side of the tree; where the battle was fiercer and actually taking place. Katherine wished that she could get out of the place by some kind of miracle. She couldn't take it any longer. The rest of the army was being cut down easily; those who were still trying to escape were haunted like prey. Soon though, the sounds of the battle started to disappear by every kill; and all she could hear were a group on the other side of her alcove. Cautiously, she barely peeked around the trunk, to see Algren fighting of a collection of samurai. He was surrounded and outnumbered by a dozen to one; but kept fighting heroically. Katherine admired him so much for that...if only she could help him somehow. If only... As Kitty stared frantically at the fierce Algren; praying and hoping that he would survive...she noticed a couple of samurai riding up to where Nathan was fighting off the enemies single handedly. The one in the middle was wearing a much more ornate armor than the rest of them; his helmet was larger, and he was wearing a mask. Katherine wasn't sure yet, but he did look like the leader of the warriors. The samurai stopped his horse, dismounted, slowly took off his mask and gazed at the passionately fighting Algren with much interest. Algren threw himself at one samurai, killing him before his shoulder was ripped by another samurai's lance. He growled and snapped it off, leaving part of the blade buried in his chest. As they began to close in on him, poor Nathan widened it by spinning around the lance, a tattered battle-flag with tiger insignia still dangling from the end. A white tiger was against a blue background; that was blowing in the wind with the same fervor of line that Algren had. It seemed almost magical; and Katherine spotted that the masked samurai, who she thought was a leader, had noticed it too and stared at Algren. There was silence, except for Nathan's grunts as he spun around time and time again. Suddenly, Kitty heard a crack from behind her. She turned in fright, only to see a yellow armored samurai advancing towards her slowly, as if he were amazed to see her. He had his bow and arrow aimed at her. Katherine froze, as her thoughts began to race. She swallowed hard as fear took over once more. Unconsciously, she pressed against the large tree, hoping that somehow that would protect her. While almost everyone was busy watching the American officer fight off the warriors, the samurai in a golden armor had spotted a flesh of blue and aqua behind the large oaks. At first he didn't think much of it, but when he noticed that it had moved, that's when he decided to go up close and inspect it. Besides, he hadn't seen such vibrant colors from the soldiers. Most of them were wearing dark blue, or grey clothes. However, complete shock and puzzlement took over him, once he noticed that it was a young woman...and not just any woman; a Westerner. What on earth was she doing in battle? Katherine was quite frankly terrified when she realized that she had been discovered. She was freaking out! Her whole body was trembling and shaking. It was over...she had seen what the yellow samurai did to his enemies; he easily killed them with his fatal arrows. Although, he looked pretty young...about Katherine's age, maybe even younger. But that didn't matter, he was a killing machine! A barbarian who would not spare anyone, not even her. At least that's what Kitty thought. For some reason, the yellow samurai did not move. He couldn't decide on what to do. This was a shocking sight for him. A young, Westerner woman participating in battle? It was almost surreal! Katherine noticed from the corner of her eye a revolver lying in the grass. Just then, an idea formed in her mind...well, most likely a reckless plan. She knew that she was dead either way, so might as well die trying to survive; just like Algren was trying his best to hold his ground even though, it was useless. Rapidly, she reached forward and grasped the small gun, quickly aiming it at the samurai in the yellow armor, who didn't seem surprised with her behavior at all. It was then, Kitty realized that the revolver was out of ammo. Apparently, the samurai in front of her knew it all along, hence why he had an amused smirk on his face. Kitty had a feeling that he was probably making fun of her stupid 'feminine' outbursts. But what she couldn't understand was that the yellow samurai was not making any unwanted advances towards her, let alone trying to kill her. Instead, he lowered his bow, kept gazing at her, just like the masked samurai was staring at Algren, and was studying her. His calm state made Katherine feel at ease for a little bit; at least, her life was not at risk for now. Before anything else could happen, there was a harsh bark from another samurai. \"Nobutada!\" He called the yellow samurai by his name, walking up close to him in a hurry. Kitty jumped, only to see the black samurai, who had crushed into Algren with his horse earlier, march towards them. By far, he was the scariest of them all. His helmet was simply horrifying. The samurai in the black armor at first, did not know what the younger samurai had discovered. However, as soon as he saw Katherine, his eyes widened so much that they were ready to pop. \" A woman!\" He spat in disgust and pure shock. Unlike the yellow samurai, this one did not shy away from making an advance towards Katherine. She was abruptly picked up by her shoulders and thrown into the clearing, sliding a few feet on the ground and just a small distance away from Algren's circle of samurai. He did this in one swift motion, and Katherine let out a blood curling scream as it was done so. Everything seemed to stop; her hair that had been in a braided bun now fell as the rain showers. \" A woman !\" The black samurai exclaimed again with his deep voice. Nothing could be heard; each samurai turned their attention to them, to see if what he had said was true. After a few moments, no one moved. \" Why is there a wo man in the army!? \" The black samurai with his hair pulled back into a loosen top knot continued angrily, withdrawing his long and lethal sword. Katherine gasped, tears running through the new dirt on the sides of her face. \" I'll kill her!\" He declared, raising his weapon. \" What a disgrace!\" Katherine continued to sob; praying in her mind for her to somehow, by some miracle, get out of this disaster. She quickly glanced at Algren, who grew fatigued, had stopped his attack, and knelt on the ground in exhaustion. He was breathing heavily, grunted, growled in agony,and had absolutely no more strength to continue fighting. Just then, the samurai in the crimson red armor, came forward. Kitty recognized him as Gant's killer! He also had a mask on his face. \" He's mine!\" He announced, drawing his katana. The samurai sliced threw Algren's spear and kicked him to the ground. He stepped forward to stand over Algren, turning his sword...ready to run the American through. Katherine lowered her head. It was over...Nathan was about to be killed and so was she. She glared back at the black samurai who was ready strike her with his weapon. She and Algren were both dying together. That was it! She shut her eyes tight...hoping that the pain would be quick and minimal. She was ready to meet her mother. At least her father was safe![Chapter 10] Chapter 10 Taken Katherine continued to shiver as she silently prayed hoping that her death would be quick and with very little pain. To her surprise, the black samurai was taking too long. Just a minute ago, he was ready to strike her right then and there. She should've been killed by now. Katherine opened her eyes only to see the black samurai looking over at where Algren was. He had lowered his weapon in surprise and utter shock. Moreover, all of the samurai warriors were staring at the same direction where the black samurai had his eyes on. Kitty quickly turned her head, glancing back at Nathan. A groan was heard; a crimson red samurai, who was about to murder the Captain, fell few feet away from Algren, who was trapped at the ground. Apparently, he was dead. Algren managed to protect himself and in the process murdered the warrior who had killed Gant so ruthlessly. Katherine gasped in shock, as the remaining samurai circling Nathan ran in to kill him. \"Stop!\" A stern voice was heard, and the warriors backed off immediately. Katherine had been right; the samurai with a ornate armor and a mask, who had been curiously gazing at Algren all this time, quickly came up close to them. He was the leader...Katsumoto. He walked up to the body of the dead warrior and knelt beside him. The other samurai, including the one that tried to kill Katherine, followed their commander and bowed their heads in respect. All of them sank to their knees and honored the red warrior. Katherine was still shaking, she glanced over at Nathan who was lying on the ground...he was in bad shape. She didn't know what the future held for them. Just a couple of minutes ago, Katherine thought that she and Algren were both dying. Now, she was not too sure. In some ways, Nathan had saved her life. He had killed the crimson samurai, and thus everyone turned their attention to him. Just then, the leader and the samurai in the black armor approached her once more. She started to tremble again. Tears casually rolling down her cheeks. \" A woman?\" He asked stunned, his eyes grazing up and down at a weak, feminine form shaking with fear. Katsumoto had been too busy studying the passionate and fiery Algren to pay any attention to other things. So when he finally laid his eyes on a foreigner woman dressed in a Western attire, he was somewhat confused and puzzled. \"A woman should not be in the army.\" he stated frankly, as the black samurai nodded in agreement. \" Who found her?\" The leader asked, turning towards the black samurai. \"Nobutada.\" He replied simply. Katherine noticed the yellow samurai walking up to them. He had been on the sidelines after the black samurai had discovered her and threw a major fit. \" She was hiding behind those two oaks\" He added and gazed back at her. \" I'll kill her, my Lord!\" The black warrior exclaimed, drawing his long katana once more. Kitty continued to cry silently. This was such a disaster and a nightmare. If only she could get out of this calamity. \"Ujio\" The leader of the samurai warriors spoke calmly, calling the black armored samurai by name. \" Leave her be. She could be of use to us.\" \"Use?\" The black armored samurai, whose name was Ujio asked, as Kitty glanced back at Algren's circle of samurai. Every pair of eyes in that clearing was on the exotic woman. \" She has nothing to offer!\" Ujio argued furiously. Katsumoto noticed the way the young woman was looking at the wounded officer; and he too had gazed back at her...although, he barely understood what was happening. He was just way too exhausted and tired to move. Katsumoto was not sure yet; but he had any idea that the two foreigners cared about each other. \"She's close to him.\" The leader spoke forcefully, but obviously used to the black samurai's evidently fiery nature. \" Did you not see him commanding the army? We need them both to win this war.\" He finished explaining firmly, and each samurai stepped down. Katherine let out a sigh of relief, when the black samurai sheathed his sword. However, she could still feel him staring daggers at her, although his weapon was no longer in sight. Katherine gazed back at Nathan, who was in a bad state. Their eyes met for a moment, and even though, Algren didn't know it yet...she believed they would be safe for the moment. \" Take him away!\" Katsumoto ordered his men, obviously referring to Algren. Ujio finally left Kitty's side coldly, making his way over to Algren. He and another tall samurai seized the exhausted Captain by his shoulders and pulled him to his feet. Algren, although unable to, tried to weakly pull away. He somehow wriggled out of one of Ujio's grasps before Katherine realized that he didn't understand Japanese. Poor Algren had no idea what was happening. All he knew was that they were trying to kill him and he needed to protect himself...and Katherine. \"Captain!\" Katherine managed in a choky voice, but Algren did not respond. She paused for a while. \"Nathan.\" As soon as she called him by his name, he looked over at her wearily. \"Nathan, it's alright. We're alright.\" She told him softly. The samurai seemed to be intrigued with her voice, the language she spoke. Algren nodded and relaxed somewhat now that he saw that she was calm. He was pushed roughly up on a horse, as Kitty slowly set up from the ground. She noticed the leader speaking with the golden, yellow armored samurai, who listened to him and then nodded in respect. The young warrior came up close to her, his eyes falling on her and studying her for a second. The leader turned promptly, mounting his horse and riding over in some direction. Katherine's eyes followed him, as she noticed General Hasegawa meeting with the leader, who she believed to be Katsumoto. Katherine couldn't believe it! How was it fair...almost everyone had died, including poor Gant while the General was still alive. Besides, he didn't even participate in battle! A few words were exchanged between General Hasegawa and the leader of the samurai. They bowed their heads in agreement with something. Suddenly, Katherine was pulled to her feet, but with less force than Ujio had inflicted earlier. She was facing the young samurai in a golden armor, who wore a type of yellow headband over his top knot. He gently turned her around, leading her towards the samurai army. A chill ran down her spine at the sight of them. She couldn't stand to be close to those barbarians. She continued to sob and tears kept falling. The thought of never seeing her father again came to her mind. He would probably think that she had died in the battle. That thought almost made her cry out loud. The yellow samurai sighed, he was holding her up just enough to keep her on her feet, as he guided her through the crowd of warriors. He picked her up and pushed her on a chestnut colored horse. The black samurai came up to them and roughly grabbed Kitty's hands, tying them with a thick rope. In case she decided to run off. Her horse was tied to the yellow samurai's white steed as he mounted it swiftly, and snapped it into action. Immediately, the chestnut horse that Katherine was on started to move as well. The way things were looking now, she would never get use to these people's ways...she absolutely hated each and every one of them. Katherine was determined to form a plan and escape them. Thanks for the reviews! So just a question: Are you shipping Nathan and Katherine? Do you guys think they might have a chance...or? And also where do you see this story going so far?[Chapter 11] Chapter 11 The Samurai Village Katherine was lost. Mentally, physically, emotionally; anyway you could imagine. She couldn't help but think back to the horrid battle she witnessed couple of hours ago. It was still shockingly real to her; she could still see the blood in front of her. Poor Gant being struck by a long spear and then ruthlessly stabbed to death with a sword, was still on her mind. She was riding horseback, and all she wanted to do was put her head over the horse's neck and close her eyes. She was extremely tired, and couldn't really comprehend anything. Japanese language was a slur to her now, although if someone tried to talk to her in English it would probably be the same. They were in line behind Katsumoto, the samurai leader. Kitty had heard many of the samurai address him, and could soon say it herself. Although, she didn't let the samurai know of that fact...Actually, they didn't know much of her at all. Why was she in the battle? Who was she? Katherine was determined to keep her knowledge of Japanese language as a secret. She decided that it would be of advantage for her. She would easily find out what the enemies were up to...and they would never know that she understood them. General Hasegawa and Katsumoto were leading them, as the rest of the army followed behind. They were trekking through a beautiful mountain forest, with sun shinning and creating elaborate patterns of shadows on the forest floors. It was like making images out of passing clouds, and Katherine found herself focusing on those images. The trees were blanketing the side of the mountain as soft pastel colors dotted the deep evergreen of the trees. The beautiful and natural Japan; it was so open and wide. The landscapes were wonderful. It was quiet, and Katherine was still thinking about her father. With no doubt, Doctor Takahashi had given the letter to her father...and he probably thought that his sweet daughter was dead. Tears started to fill her light eyes once more. Oh, how she despised these samurai warriors...savages! She turned her head to look back at Algren, whose hands were tightly bound behind him with a leather rope, unlike Katherine...who had her hands tied in front of her. Algren was almost unconscious on his horse. His head rested at the horse's neck and his eyes were barley open. He was shortly behind them, his horse was tied to one of the elder samurai's horses. Katherine was worried about her friend. She really hoped that he would be alright and get better. They needed devise a plan and get away from these monsters as soon as possible. She was actually terrified of being separated from Algren. She was afraid of her future. She clutched the chestnut steed's mane in her hands, as if it would prevent her from falling. She was riding bareback...and quite frankly felt very uncomfortable. Katherine was in astride position in order to stay up on the horse. She wasn't used to it...not with a dress on. She always rode sidesaddle. They finally stopped in a small clearing, similar to the one where the battle had taken place. The handful of samurai dismounted from their horses; leaving Katherine confused as to what was going on. The young, samurai with a golden armor followed after them as well. Katherine gazed longingly at the ground. She did not want to be on this horse, she didn't want to be riding it bareback, and she certainly didn't want to be anywhere near these people. But it wasn't her decision to make now; her life was already pretty badly messed up. General Hasegawa and Katsumoto made their way to the center of the clearing, as the rest of the samurai made a semi-circle around them. Neither Nathan or Katherine were invited to go with them. It looked as if there would be a performance going on, although it was unknown to Katherine that it was an ancient tradition that was a huge part of the samurai bushido and system. Hasegawa kneeled onto his knees, and Ujio the black samurai poured a liquid onto Katsumoto's exposed sword. The General unbuttoned his shirt, and withdrew his small but lethal looking knife. Seconds later, he plunged the knife into his exposed stomach, making a slicing motion for a moment and then not another sound. Katherine gasped and could see him straining from what had to be enormous pain; but he still didn't even let out a wisp of air. Soon afterwards, Katsumoto raised his katana, cried out and swiftly decapitated Hasegawa. Katherine shut her eyes tightly, and looked away quickly. She was tired of seeing so many lives ended, and in such a disgusting way. Algren may be able to handle this for however long they would be trapped here in this mess, but Katherine was beginning to question how long she'd be able to last. To her, this was just another barbaric act that kept pushing the urgency of her escape to soar. She didn't understand why her father found these people so fascinating and intriguing...they were simply repulsive! After that, Katsumoto and his warriors mounted their horses again and continued the journey. The golden armored samurai pushed himself up on his steed and with a little nudge moved the chestnut horse that Katherine was riding. The ride was all together long, tiring and exhausting for both Kitty and Nathan. The army was slowly nearing a certain village. Katherine noticed how different her surroundings were from what she had seen when she first arrived in Japan. After the turmoil of Tokyo, this place seemed like a bucolic paradise. The gorgeous mountain scenery enveloped the village. The snow-capped mountains soared in the distance, and below a valley of rice fields. Traditional wooden Japanese architecture, and lots and lots of farming. Katherine noticed the sense of harmony that was so markedly absent from the big cities she often visited. Katsumoto led his samurai in the village, as he passed by, every person that lived there lowered his or her forehead to the ground to show respect. Most of the villagers stared curiously at Katherine and Algren. They had never seen Westerners before, let alone a woman with the specific attire. They gazed at them with suspicion and semi interest. They finally arrived, and Katsumoto dismounted in a large square, the rest of his men followed the suit. The elderly looking samurai, whose horse had been tied to Algren's, climbed down and helped Algren painfully slide from his horse. Two other samurai also grabbed him and pushed him forcefully into a kneeling position and waited for their leader. The golden armored samurai, whose name happened to be Nobutada also climbed down from his horse. However, to Katherine's surprise, he didn't help her down instead, he casually walked up to Katsumoto and stood next to him, leaving Katherine to wonder what would happen to her. After few minutes of silence the leader of the warriors stood in front of Algren and asked him in English. \"What is your name?\" His English was halting and slow. Algren did not give him an answer. He just knelt there and glared up at Katsumoto...he didn't even move. He was utterly exhausted and his wounds were looking very bad. Because he didn't respond to the respected leader of the samurai, Ujio angrily stepped forward, exclaiming in Japanese. \" Insolent swine! Answer!\" he spat at Algren, who still didn't flinch. He was staring up at Ujio in complete silence. Katherine started to worry...what if this horrifying black samurai got mad and decided to kill him? She had noticed how short tampered and fiery he was. Her instincts were correct, this behavior of Algren infuriated Ujio, who started pacing back and forth like a caged panther. Algren did not move, he continued watching him evenly. Suddenly, Ujio drew out his long sword; it slashed through the air, the blade singing and stopped an inch away from Algren's face. Katherine's eyes widened in shock, unconsciously she clutched the horse's mane tightly in her hands. The black samurai brought the cutting edge into contact with Algren's neck. A small traces of blood started to run although, Kitty wasn't sure if she saw it right. She swallowed hard in nervousness, and her stomach dropped with worry. Still Algren did not respond. He was watching them stoically, unmoved with everything that was happening. \" Leave him be.\" Katsumoto said after a while, and Ujio moved his sword from Algren's neck slowly. He continued glaring at him as he sheathed his sword and marched right over where Katherine was on horseback. He quickly went up to her, grabbed her by the waist and swiftly pulled her down from the horse. He did it so roughly and angrily, that Katherine thought that he'd toss her over like some kind of a useless baggage. \" Your name?!\" He barked at her in fury. Katherine jumped when she heard his thundering voice. However, she pretended that she didn't understand Japanese. And she too decided to keep silent. Not giving him any kind of answer. \"Leave them for now, Ujio.\" Katsumoto told him calmly. Ujio nodded and dragged Katherine closer to where his leader was, right beside kneeling Algren. After a while Katsumoto spoke up in English again, facing both of his new captives. \"This is my son's village,\" he referred to the young samurai in the golden armor. \"We are deep in the mountains and the winter is coming. You cannot escape.\" With that, he turned and walked away. The yellow samurai, who apparently was Katsumoto's son added in English with a thick accent. \"Jolly good.\" He looked proud of his only English. After that, he followed his father. Katherine glanced at Algren who suddenly collapsed on the ground. She shrieked in fright, as the two samurai picked him up and took him to the nearby house where Katsumoto had gone off to. She hoped that they would treat Nathan's wounds. Katherine on the other hand, was left with Ujio who terrified her in every way possible. He was by far the worst samurai she had encountered. She looked up at him only to meet his eyes, that were flushed with anger. Unexpectedly, he grabbed her by her shoulder and led her towards the same house were Algren was taken. As she was still walking, her head started to spin and all of the stress, tiredness and exhaustion hit her like a brick. Katherine found herself stumbling, and in no time lost her balance and passed out. Ujio caught her in time and carried her inside. He shook his head! He did not sign up for this! Wooohoo! Another chapter today! Anyway, nothing has been decided about the love interests and such. I previously asked a question...I'm still not sure what will happen. Let's see how the story progresses. In the meantime, don't shy away from leaving reviews, sharing your thoughts, and suggesting ideas.[Chapter 12] Chapter 12 To Know My Enemy Katsumoto stared over the land of his son's village, particularly looking past a cluster of houses to a field in the distance. The flowing meadow transitioned from golden to a yellow-green, and it was sprinkled with flowers of soft pinks, blues, and lavenders. The morning mist was just barely levitating above the grassland, causing the magical look that Katsumoto so much appreciated in his country. Although, he had seen it many times, it was just as striking as before. At the moment, he was in a deep thought as he awaited for his two most trusting samurai; Ujio and Nobutada. Ujio was his loyal right hand man and friend. The two were like brothers, even though Ujio was couple of years younger than Katsumoto, and maybe little too temperamental. Still Katsumoto couldn't have wished for a better friend and comrade. Nobutada, was young and bit more inexperienced however, Katsumoto was proud of his son for everything that he had accomplished so far. He reminded him of his younger self; just as fun-loving, friendly, and yet mature. His thoughts were occupied with these westerners...they were so confusing to him. He had thought that he knew at least part of their world, but he had no clue. The minute he saw that woman in the army, he realized that they were ailens to him. But Katsumoto now had a tougher problem to handle; what was he supposed to do with these new 'hostages'? The winter and fall were slowly approaching, the passes were about to freeze over and they wouldn't open again until late spring. He had so much to learn... For now, both of the captives were staying in his sister's house...well, more like in his dead brother-in-law's house. He felt sorry and sympathized with Taka. Telling your one and only sister about her beloved husband's death, and then asking her to nurse the man who murdered her husband was not an easy job. He wished things had been different. But how could Katsumoto avenge the death of Hirotaro? He simply couldn't...not after the vision he had. Did the white tiger in his vision symbolise the fierce American officer?... well, things were definitely pointing to that. What kind of omen was this? And what of the girl? Who was she? Why was she in the battle? If the American soldier represented the tiger from his mysterious vision, who was the girl? He did not see any sign of a woman in his dream. The more he thought about it, the more confused he became. At first, Katsumoto suspected that the young woman was the officer's wife or a sweetheart...but why would a loving husband let his wife participate in such a dangerous battle? No! That was out of question...his two captives were not that close. However, there could've been some sort of mutual affection between them...or not. He wasn't sure. He looked down at the small bag which belonged to the American man, two of his journals were inside. Katsumoto was determined to read it and find out more about that strange man. Last time he saw him; it was couple of hours ago when Taka had been treating his wounds, he looked in a very awful shape. It would probably take few weeks to nurse him back to health. The girl on the other hand, was looking quite healthy and sound. Even though, she did collapse from all the exhaustion. That was another proof for Katsumoto to be convinced that she was not a woman solider and a fighter. By all means, she couldn't even hurt a bee. So why was she in the battle, then? So many questions and yet so little answers. Katsumoto was startled from his deep thoughts, when Nobutada and Ujio arrived at last. The leader of the brave warriors turned to face them as his train of thought was disrupted. \"Ah, Ujio, my son...\" He greeted the two, as they bowed their heads respectfully. \"You called for us, my lord.\" Ujio spoke up, walking closer towards Katsumoto, and Nobutada followed after him. \"Indeed...\" Katsumoto paused for a bit. \" I want to make a decision about the two gaijin hostages \" \"We will spear them right, father?\" Nobutada asked softly, not wanting to disrespect his father and lord. Katsumoto nodded his head. That was clear for him...he was not planning to kill the two captives. No way! Not like this...they were too valuable to him. \"Why do you spear the barbarian, my lord?\" Ujio questioned bitterly, and started pacing back and forth. \" He is shamed in defeat. He should kill himself!\" He was obviously referring to Algren. To Katsumoto's surprise, Nobutada looked as if he disagreed with Ujio on this although, he didn't say anything. \" It is not their custom.\" Katsumoto replied casually. \" Then, I will kill him.\" Ujio announced, his hands resting on his sheathed sword. \" Father, I don't think-\" Nobutada wanted to interfere, but Katsumoto stopped him with his eyes. He was little too young to state his opinions. \" Ujio, there will be plenty of killing to come. For now, let's get to know our enemies.\" Katsumoto explained calmly. \" What of that woman?\" Ujio questioned sharply. \" She was found on battlefield! She's a disgrace!\" \"Nobutada, you'll be looking after her.\" Katsumoto spoke up struck with an idea, ignoring Ujio's words. The young samurai's face formed into a surprise and slight disappointment. He had to respect his father's decision in such things; but there were other low ranked samurai who could do the same thing he was being asked to do. He kept his mouth shut, but there would be no avoiding Katsumoto's senses. \"As protection Nobutada; they're both valuable to us, but she is the most vulnerable.\" Katsumoto told him sympathetically, noticing that this raised his son's spirits a little. He decided to continue. \" This is an important job that I trust you with. Remember, the warriors on the frontline are not always the most important.\" As Katsumoto said this, he glanced at Ujio who was with no doubt silently disagreeing with him. \"We must know our enemies well...if we want to win this war.\" Katsumoto declared confidently. \" Keep them both alive!\" He ordered, before leaving their presence. The two men were both silent. Nobutada gazed down at the small journal that he had found lying in dirt during the battle. He had been keeping it since then, waiting to hand it to his father...he was sure that it belonged to the young westerner woman. Maybe, they would find more information about her by having that journal in their possession. Ujio noticed what the younger samurai had been staring at. \" Give that to me and I'll hand it to Katsumoto.\" Nobutada reluctantly handed the girl's journal to Ujio, and left to fulfill his new assignment. Although, partly he wasn't sure if he'd do a good job at it. Taking care of a disgraceful woman was not an appealing idea to him. \" Good luck!\" Ujio called after him. \" You're gonna need it.\" I managed to update yet again! Things are about to get interesting![Chapter 13] Chapter 13 Growing Pains Katherine's eyes slowly opened, the blurred space pouring around her. She groaned softly and tightly shut them again. Her head was still hurting, and for some reason she kept visioning that she was still in her large house, back in London; her maid walking around the mansion gathering supplies to make breakfast, her father's jolly voice rang in her ears. Reality was quite different, she opened her eyes only to realize that her back was sore because she had been sleeping on a bamboo mat on the floor. A wave of terror hit her as all the memories from the day before came rushing back to her. It was the worst day of her entire existence, but then again...she did live. However, that might be more of a curse than a blessing. The blood, the fear, the death...every single horrible thing that had happened was still fresh in her mind. She still couldn't get over how ruthlessly poor Gant had been murdered. Without warning the strong sense of nausea struck and she instantly started to fill sick all over again. Doctor Takahashi probably handed the letter to her father, and he probably believed that his only daughter was dead...and blamed himself for it. Her eyes started to fill up with tears, and she was forced to close them once more. Even they pounded with pain; and the rest of her body ached agonizingly. Katherine wanted to cry but the sudden jerking motion of her sobs lit her very bones on fire. Of course this repeated a few times, as the sting worsened her sobs became more violent, and the cycle continued until she finally realized that she had to stop herself before she couldn't take anymore pain. Her bouncing chest finally settled; and her flailing limbs came to rest, as she lay still and waited for it all to stop. Everything became dark; her fatigue was too much to resist, and she drifted off to sleep once more. Nobutada walked towards his deceased uncle's house, that now fully belonged to his aunt, Taka. Part of him was still saddened with Hirotaro's death. He loved his uncle...he was a glorious fighter and one of the best warriors in the village. His death affected many, but none were so grieved like Taka and his two sons. Higen and Magojiro were only 9 and 4 years of age. They needed their father as much as they needed their mother. And Taka also needed her dear husband with her. Sure, it was an honorable death, and Hirotaro had died like the respected Samurai he was...but Nobutada couldn't help but think that it would be way better if he stayed alive. Who was going to take care of his beautiful aunt and cousins now? He silently cursed himself when he remembered that he was expected to 'baby-sit' as Ujio had mentioned to him earlier, that westerner girl. This was such a disgrace and dishonor! What would the villagers think? That their Nobutada-sama was following some shameful gaijin woman around like a dog?! His poor aunt was in the same position. She had to degrade herself by nursing and caring for her husband's killer. He couldn't understand why his father decided to order them to care for the two captives. Of course, unlike the fiery Ujio, Nobutada didn't want to murder the foreigners. By no means! But he sure as hell didn't want to pass his precious time with them. He neared the house and was greeted by a grim samurai on the porch, who had been appointed to guard the American soldier. Why couldn't his father find a guard like him for that girl as well? Why was he supposed to protect her?! Nobutada shook his head and sighed heavily, as he stepped inside. Even though, he was not happy about his father's decision, he still very much respected him. After all, Katsumoto was not only his father, but also his lord and leader. Besides, despite his negative feelings about the whole situation, Nobutada was not hostile towards the two westerners. He wasn't about to admit it, but a tiny part of him was actually interested in these strange people. When he entered the living-room, he found his two cousins already asleep in their own chambers, and Taka was busy attending to the wounded officer. Nobutada neared them and stood in front of the doorway that was now slid open. Taka's eyes met Nobutada's as she nodded her head in acknowledgement. She gently continued changing the man's bandages on his right shoulder and arm. The American was in a very awful shape, his eyes were lazily closed, his whole body was shaking, sweat covered his forehead and he kept mumbling things in his language. Although, Nobutada suspected that even the English speaking person wouldn't be able to tell what he was bubbling about. He slowly entered the chamber and knelt beside the man. \"Sake\" he mumbled, and Nobutada had to blink twice when he heard him. \"Sake.\" The man continued to murmur. That was probably his only Japanese word. Nobutada's face broke into a wide smile. Was this foreigner serious? \"Sake?\" He repeated amused. \"Sake.\" Algren kept mumbling. Nobutada laughed, but then realized just how serious this man was. He was in pure agony! Nobutada glanced at Taka and gave her an approving nod. The woman got up and in no time brought a saucer of sake. She gently lowered the cup to the man's lips, who drank it within seconds and asked for more. Nobutada gave his aunt an indicating look to comply, but before she could pour another saucer, Algren grabbed the jug from her other hand and gulped it down... almost choking on it. Both Nobutada and Taka stared at the man pitifully. He was simply miserable and pathetic. Golden rays of sun danced on the dark oak flooring. Kitty had no idea how long she had been out this time...What felt like hours could be days, or a mere few minutes. All she knew was that she was still in this wretched place; among the samurai. Her head throbbed unbearably. It felt as if someone had struck her with an axe as she sat up, wondering why she even bothered. Maybe it would be better if she just died in this place. It would end her ongoing misery. She was still wearing her soft dress, that had become all dirty from the mud. Part of it was even ripped. But she was glad that the fabric didn't itch her skin, after all...all of her dresses and clothes were expensive and comfortable. Well, except for the corset. However, that wasn't her biggest concern right now. For the first time, Katherine noticed how clean and neat the room looked. Perfect; sickeningly perfect was how that room was. Like these people hadn't slaughtered innocent men. Suddenly, Kitty jumped with paranoia as the paper sliding door opened. A beautiful Japanese woman entered, and even though she looked guiltless enough, Kitty couldn't bring herself to trust her. The woman was carrying a tray, and gave Katherine a very small upturn of one of the corners of her mouth in sympathy. She remained silent though, and gracefully sank to her knees beside Katherine. As she did this, the tray's contents were revealed; a bowl of rice, another bowl of steaming broth and an empty cup. At first, Katherine became suspicious of poisoning but quite soon, recalled Katsumoto's words. He had said that he needed her and Algren... Wait, Nathan Algren! Where was he?! Katherine continued to watch the Japanese woman carefully as she picked up a small pitcher of something, and proceeded to pour hot tea into the empty cup. While she was bent, Katherine tried to look over the woman's shoulder and out into the rest of the containment she was in. However, all that was in her sights was a large room of some sort; or at least a portion of it. The woman finished preparing what Kitty assumed would be her meal. She couldn't remember the last time she ate, and the aching pain in her stomach was reminding her of this fact. Kitty glanced at the Japanese woman for a moment, and then awkwardly reached for the bowl of rice. She noticed a pair of chopsticks, which she had only a little experience with. She contemplated on how to use them while taking an occasional glimpse of the silent woman few feet away from her. For goodness sakes! Why couldn't they just use forks and spoons like the rest of the civilized world! But then again, these people were barbarians that refused to accept the modernization of their country. \"Taka!\" An unfamiliar voice sounded from the doorway, causing a cold tremble to run down Kitty's spine. It was a masculine tone, but not as deep and strong like that scary scout Ujio's has been. Part of her relaxed, knowing that it wasn't the black samurai approaching. Katherine couldn't help but look up to see the dignified figure of the samurai in the golden armor, Nobutada, who was now dressed in a blue kimono. She instantly looked away, not wanting to have any reminders of what had happened before. Apparently, this fella didn't care. \"She's awake?\" he asked, and stopped himself in the doorway. Taka didn't answer him at first; staring at the tray with a look that seemed as if she were asking herself if Nobutada had any common sense at all. She finally acknowledged him and stood with poise. \" Yes, she's fine.\" She said softly, and Nobutada stepped aside to create exit from the room. He stood silent for few minutes after Taka left, studying Katherine; before turning himself and leaving. Katherine finished her meal not long after. She didn't realize just how hungry she had been until she began to eat although, at the same time she felt nauseous. After a while, the same woman re entered and took the tray away, sliding the door and closing it. Katherine collapsed back onto the bamboo mat and slept the best she had in a long time...she was unbelievably exhausted with everything and for some reason, her mind was shut down. A blood curling screams caused her to jump awake; it was probably the middle of the night. She had managed to dream of nothing but darkness, until she heard the horrifying shouts and jolted awake. Her eyes widened fearfully; she didn't want to put up with terrible, darkening sounds of the world...ever again. The worst part was she recognized the voice entirely: Nathan. His cries of terror echoed through Katherine's body, and she began to shake uncontrollably. \"NOOO!\" He shouted loudly. \"I TOLD YOU!\" Tears ran down her face as she whimpered from beneath the blanket. She covered her ears but the horrid sounds wouldn't stop. Katherine wondered if any of it had to do with Algren's past. She didn't know what she'd do if Nathan died and left her here all alone. Although, she hadn't seen him, she knew that he was somewhere within the same house. She hoped and prayed that her friend would be alright...that he would survive, and the two would form a plan together and escape from the God-forsaking place that they were stuck in. Yay! Thanks for the reviews and support! As you have noticed I have decided to underline Japanese dialogues. Btw, this is a response to one of my 'Guest' reviewers. Thanks so much for your support, dear! And no, don't worry you are not weird. You can ship Katherine with whoever you want; nothing has been decided yet. I'm still debating and following the flow of this story. By all means, ship her with your favourite character! I might get inspired..lol. Also, tell me if you guys like hearing the other characters' points of views, like Katsumoto, Nobutada...I might do more of those. You know, just to make things interesting. And again to my guest reviewer: YOU ARE NOT WEIRD! Lol[Chapter 14] Chapter 14 A White Horse The bright red sun was slowly rising over the horizon, a fresh chilly breeze kept humming like a bird in the air, leaves were already starting to change colors into beautiful vibrant colors and autumn was slowly and quietly approaching Japan. Ujio always rose with the sun, just like any other disciplined samurai would. Before he'd start his daily routine, which mostly included training, commanding and getting the warriors ready for the upcoming battles, he always mediated at the top of a large hill of the village...again, this was something almost all samurai did. Ujio peacefully closed his eyes, and tried to relax as usual. But for some reason, his mind wouldn't cooperate on this particular morning. The latest events that had recently occurred were still fresh in everyone's minds, and Ujio was no exception. The death of Hirotaro, the seppuku of Hasegawa, the capture of the two gaijin hostages...that shameful woman! What a disgrace! What on earth was she doing in the battle?! What the actual hell!? Ujio always suspected that the westerners were crazy but this was beyond crazy...this was just plain retarded! What kind of a man would allow a woman to participate in the battle...and not just any battle; a battle against Samurai! This was another reason why Ujio so badly wanted to end the American soldier's life. He was apparently not only a loser, shamed in defeat, but also a horrible commander who had allowed a woman to join the battle. Disgraceful! Every time he thought about it, his eyes fumed with anger. And besides, that barbarian had murdered Hirotaro, the best warrior in the village. Ujio was always fond of the samurai in the crimson armor...they were good friends, so his death affected him in some ways. But at least, Hirotaro died gloriously in the battlefield just like he always wanted. Ugh, and that foolish woman! He didn't know what to think! Hopefully, Katsumoto would find some information about her from that journal that he had given him the other day. How dare she refuse to tell him her name?! And then she even had nerves to collapse in his arms?! And Ujio, out of all people, had to carry her himself in the house?! What a shame and complete outrage! Thankfully, he was very relieved when Katsumoto appointed Nobutada to guard her. God forbid if he were in the poor young man's place...he'd probably lose his wits. Katsumoto knew that very well, so he took pity on his friend and instead charged his son with the new assignment. Now, Ujio was getting very annoyed with himself. He was supposed to be meditating and instead here he was devoting his precious time to those barbarians and kept thinking about those two disgraceful and pathetic foreigners! Ujio took a deep breath and decided to close his eyes once more and find himself in a peaceful state...no mind. At last, everything became still. And Ujio was glad that his mind was finally in tranquil, calm, and restful condition. Quite suddenly, a dream-like vision came to him. A magnificent white horse galloped towards him, rearing up and neighing in protest and anguish at first. But then, it became quiet and stopped. The gentle breeze brushed through its beautiful white mane, and the horse slowly neared Ujio and placed the head on his shoulder. Their eyes met for a while, and Ujio easily touched its nose. The horse let out a sigh of sadness and with a soft nicker, bolted away and vanished instantly. That's when Ujio opened his eyes in surprise and puzzlement. Was this a shadow of things yet to come? Katherine awoke...she didn't really get much sleep that night because of Algren's horrible screams. She felt so sorry and at the same time so scared for him. She wished to find him and comfort him in some way. But how was she planning on doing that? Katherine needed comforting herself. She looked around only to realize that nothing had changed and she was still stuck in that miserable place. Her room was very clean and neat, just like it had been the day before. Everything was pretty much the same but...something caught Katherine's eye suddenly. In front of her bamboo mat, she saw nicely folded fresh clothes. She brushed her fingers in the material and inspected it...it was a dark blue kimono, something like that Japanese woman had been wearing the other day. Was she really expected to wear that?! Angrily Katherine tossed the clothes away from her, and silently cursed under her breath. She wouldn't be caught dead in the attire of those barbarians and savages. No way! She didn't care that her own dress was in a bad shape, she preferred to stay in that rather than put those ugly things on. If these people were trying to 'fit' her in...well, they had another thing coming cause Katherine was not planning to be one of them. She'd rather jump from a cliff. She detested each and every one of them! Taka's morning had been quite busy so far. She already took care of her lovely garden, prepared breakfast, cleaned up and now was setting the table for her two boys and Nobutada. Even though, no one could tell by simply looking at her, Taka was very tired. She couldn't sleep last night especially after she heard the blood curling and frightening shouts from the wounded foreigner. He was having nightmares! Could it be karma? Maybe it was getting back at him for murdering her husband. She hoped it was! Taka sighed heavily, as she poured hot tea in three cups. Why? Why did her brother humiliate her like this? This was so painful and hard...she didn't know if she could take it any longer. The shame was so unbearable that she even wished to end her life. She had pride! And lots of it too! But at the same time, Taka didn't have much choice though; Katsumoto was her brother and a leader and she had to respect him. However, her grief and sadness over the death of Hirotaro always got the best of her. She was determined to appear strong but honestly...Taka was tired of pretending, being obedient, and having to deal with so much. She hated him! That murderer deserved to be killed! She couldn't understand why her brother kept him alive and worse...put him in Taka's care. Instead of nursing him, all she wanted to do...was to avenge her husband. But it wasn't her place and she needed to be strong and brave for her children. She was going to fulfill her duty. No matter how difficult and hard it would be. Managed to update this chapter! Yes, it's rather small but it's going well so far. Make sure to review and share your thoughts. Thanks again! Much love.[Chapter 15] Chapter 15 Nightmares Nobutada gazed at his youngest cousin Magojiro, and kept a watchful eye on him, as the little boy wrestled playfully with some of the other children his size. It was remarkable how energetic and balanced his small cousin was, even though he was barely four. Nobutada stood calmly on the porch of his aunt's house. It was a wonderful day. The sun was bright, the air was fresh and breezy and all of the villagers were busy working. Women and elderly people farmed the lands while men mostly kept training hard and consistently with Ujio's supervision. They may have won the battle...but war was not over yet. In the next Spring, his father, Katsumoto would return to Tokyo to speak with the Emperor. Nobutada didn't know what awaited him in the future however, one thing was clear; for now they were all getting a little break...well, sort of. He was still expected to guard and protect that girl that he just saw once the other day. He wondered if she was holding up alright. The wounded soldier was still looking very weak and warn out. Taka had mentioned to him that his wounds were healing up quickly but his state of mind was in a really bad place. Apparently he had torturous nightmares and struggled to relax all night. Although, during they day he lay there completely unconscious. So now Nobutada couldn't help but think about that girl...how was she doing? According to Taka she was healthy and sound. His aunt had given her fresh clothes for the morning. But apart from that, he knew nothing. Nobutada glanced at Higen, Magojiro's older brother, who was practising his swordsmanship with one of his friends. He was so strong for a nine year old...he definitely had Hirotaro's genes. \"Nobutada?\" Taka called from inside with her soft voice. \"I'm coming.\" he answered quickly and stepped in the house. \" What is it?\" he asked, as his aunt walked towards him. She was returning from the westerner woman's chamber. \" She is driving me crazy.\" Although her words were severe, Taka managed to say it calmly. Nobutada didn't say anything, he gave her a questioning look and waited for her to continue. \"She doesn't want to dress in a kimono.\" Taka stated, even though someone else in her place would've been pretty agitated...and maybe she was. But Taka didn't come across like that. She kept a quiet, soft and soothing tone in her voice. \" She tossed them over like it were a piece of garbage. That's not a feminine behavior at all.\" Nobutada smirked and an amused expression formed on his face. \" What do you expect, aunt? She was found on a battlefield.\" \"Well, you better do something about it, because I don't think I can bear this any longer. I have too many things on my plate. As I recall, that girl is your responsibility.\" Taka announced, as her mouth softly formed into a frown. Nobutada lifted his eyebrows in surprise. \" You want me to dress her?\" He asked in disbelief. And Taka stared at him as if she had been talking to a stone wall all this time. She shook her head and slightly rolled her eyes. \" If you want.\" She said sarcastically and left to check on the male foreigner that required her constant attention. After all, he was severely wounded and sick. The girl on the other hand, was completely fine. She was just too stubborn and capricious. Taka decided to leave that to her nephew and let him deal with it. She already had too much things going on. Katherine didn't care how many times that woman indicated her to put the kimono on; she was not planning on doing it! Simple as that! Couple of times, frustrated Japanese woman tried to help her and reached out to touch her dress, only to have Katherine forcefully pull away from her and shout at her in English that she was not going to listen to her! And that they weren't going to force her to dress in that stupid attire! No matter what! Thankfully, the Japanese woman had given up and left Katherine in peace. But something told her that she wouldn't give up that easily and quite frankly, neither would Katherine. Katherine was still sitting on her bamboo mat, when the door slid open and instead of a beautiful Japanese woman, a handsome samurai walked in. It was Nobutada, the samurai in the golden armor. The one who had visited Katherine in that same room the other day. She lifted her chin proudly at him and stood up in defense, her arms crossed over her chest. If he thought he'd change her mind well, he had another thing coming. Because Katherine was absolutely determined. And not even this 'yellow samurai' would make her wear those clothes. She was not afraid of him! He was a kid...barely older than her. Nobutada wasn't exactly sure what he was doing. He had absolutely no idea how to convince a captured westerner woman to put on a kimono. But he was going to give it a try... He slowly neared her, and Katherine took a step back in fright. Alright, maybe she didn't think this through. He was young...but he was also the samurai who murdered almost all of his enemies with his fatal arrows. Maybe, crossing him wouldn't be a good idea. But then again, he wouldn't dare to touch her. Katsumoto had strictly ordered his men to leave her and Algren alone...he needed them to win the war. So this barbarian here wouldn't be able to do anything. This gave her confidence and she glared at him with a \"I'm not scared of you\" manner. Nobutada awkwardly cleared his throat and grabbed the fresh kimono that was lying on the ground; with no doubt she was the one who threw them there. He collected himself and after picking up the clothes, reached his hands forward and gestured the girl to take them and put them on. Katherine didn't move, she silently continued to glare at him. \"Put...put on.\" He managed to form English words somehow. He and his father had been learning the language for a while now. Although, he wasn't as good at it as his father. Nobutada still tried his best. \"I don't want to!\" Katherine exclaimed angrily. \"You can't make me!\" She grabbed the clothes from his hands and tossed them on the floor once more. Nobutada blinked for a second. Okay, she was acting like a little child! Even Magojiro didn't behave like that. And was this even acceptable in her world? To yell and shout in a man's presence and throw things away so disrespectfully? Who did she think she was?! She was dealing with a samurai...with a small flick of his katana she'd be dead. Wasn't she afraid of him?! \"I told you and that woman...\" Katherine started with a shaky voice, her eyes were filling up with tears again. \"...I don't want to wear that.\" Nobutada stared at her for a while. She was proud, stubborn, and very disrespectful! But at the same time, he couldn't help but be fascinated with her beauty. This was actually the first time he had noticed how exotic she was compared to the women he was used to seeing. Her hair was dark and fell on her shoulders as waves. Her eyes changed colors. At times they appeared blue and sometimes they were green. It reminded Nobutada of the sea. And to be honest, he actually liked what she was wearing. The western dress clung to her in all the right places, showing off her hourglass figure and the front part was little too revealing. This was definitely not what the women in his village wore. Oh, these foreigners and their ways... Taka entered the chamber to see if there was any progress. But there was none whosoever. The clothes she had washed and neatly folded, were still lying on the floor like dirt, and Nobutada stood in front of the girl, very unsure of what to do. \"She's refusing to put them on.\" He spoke to Taka in Japanese, not taking his eyes off of the gaijin woman. \" She's acting like a child!\" He turned to face his aunt, not knowing that Katherine understood every single thing he was saying. Taka didn't say anything, she calmly picked up the clothes from the floor and frowned at Nobutada. There wasn't much her nephew could do. After all, they weren't planning on forcefully stripping Katherine down. The two exchanged knowing glances at each other and slowly left Katherine's room, leaving the door partly open. Katherine sighed. She was sure glad to see that her courageous stand was a complete success. She decided to use the situation to her advantage and listen to what the two of her captors were talking about. The door was open, and she could hear everything. Although, they probably didn't suspect that she knew Japanese. So they talked in normal tone, not too loudly and not too quietly. However, it was enough for Katherine to understand them. \"Let's just leave her for a while.\" The voice of the yellow samurai was heard. \" How is he?\" he asked after a pause, and Katherine couldn't help but think that he was talking about Algren. She silently listened for the woman's response. Since she had got here, all she wanted to know was how her friend was fairing. Especially, after those blood curling screams and nightmares. \"Asleep.\" The woman answered quietly and that was the end of their conversation. The afternoon had passed slowly and quietly for Katherine. She was still in her room, the door partially open and had noticed two young boys walking around. The little one was always hyper and noisy. The older one had glanced at Katherine's direction curiously couple of times although, he didn't say anything. Katherine still couldn't figure it out. Where was she? Who were these people? It was obvious that she and Algren were staying in a family house. But whose family? The yellow samurai Nobutada, looked too young to be the children's father and the woman's husband. And yet, there was no sign of another male figure except him in that house. Whatever it was...Katherine couldn't take it anymore. She was becoming more and more restless and as the energy and strength slowly returned to her, all she wanted to do was to escape the nightmare she was in. The evening, approached and Katherine wasn't sure for how many days she and Nathan had been stuck with those barbarians. At the moment, it was raining outside, she could hear the nonstop dropping sounds. The Japanese woman, the two kids, and the yellow Samurai were no where in her sight. Her door was opened, but she couldn't see or hear any of them. Not like she cared or anything... Quite soon, the slow rain turned into a pouring monsoon. Thunder crashed overhead as lightening split the sky with brightness. Katherine sat in her room, staring at the wall as she listened to the comforting sounds of nature's fury. As suddenly and unexpectedly like the first time, she heard the loud shouts of none other than Nathan Algren. He was again tormented by some kind of a horrible nightmare. He kept screaming and yelling. Katherine couldn't stand to listen to the poor man's struggle any longer. She quickly jumped up and exited her room, she followed the sound of Algren's voice and found his chamber right across from hers. Carefully and quietly, she looked over her shoulder to see if anyone was watching...when she became sure that she was alone, she slid the door open and slipped inside. Katherine found Algren lying on his mat, he kept yelling and crying as he slept, trapped in his recurrent nightmare. Concerned and worried, Katherine hurried to his side. She calmly placed her hand on his forehead and gently stroked him. \"Shhh...Nathan. It's alright. It's just a dream.\" She spoke gently and softly. Seconds later, he awoke from his torturous nightmare. He slowly opened his brown eyes, only to meet Katherine's bright sea colored eyes. He stared at her for a while. Unsure of what was happening around him. \"You're alright, Nathan.\" She told him with a gentle smile. \"Kitty...\" he managed to whisper quietly, as he sat up hunched in a dark corner. His body was convulsed with shivering. It was all because of his withdrawal from alcohol, his painful wounds, his isolation and his imagined sins were devouring him. All this time, all poor Algren could see and think about was how ruthlessly he and his men had destroyed peaceful Native American villages on Bagley's order. He thought he was in hell until he finally saw a beautiful image of Miss Katherine Graham. She was like an angel shining up his darkness. \"I'm here.\" She told him sweetly and her hands brushed through his hair. \"We're going to be fine.\" She assured positively. His arms slowly wrapped around her and with no more holding back, he cried into her shoulder, as Katherine held him close...just like he had done to her on the eve of the battle. Nobutada and Taka were outside standing on the porch with the silent samurai who had been charged to guard Algren. All three of them were watching Ujio teach Higen and some other children his age the proper way of holding a sword. The rain did not scare them...quite the contrary, Ujio thought that this was the perfect weather for training and testing one's patience. Little Magojiro was playfully running around in the rain, jumped in small puddles and occasionally screamed in delight. Taka was just about to take him inside, when she and everyone close to her house, heard the wounded soldier's screams. Both Taka and Nobutada immediately rushed inside, leaving Ujio silently muttering curse words because of that barbarian. When they went inside, they found his door open and there he was in the arms of that girl. The two captives had found comfort in each other's arms. Taka gazed at them in sympathy, but at the same time wondered if they were more than just friends and acquaintances. Nobutada was surprised with this sight as well. Maybe, his father had been right after all. This woman was close to him... Despite the circumstances, Taka decided to walk away and leave the two in peace. Maybe that girl would be able to calm the man down and he would no longer wake them up because of his nightmares. Nobutada stared little bit longer at the two gaijin hostages, and then followed after his aunt. Who knows? Maybe...they were in love or something. Katherine had absolutely no idea that she was being watched. She held Nathan close to her, as he slowly fell asleep again. For some reason, this was calming and soothing for her as well. They only had each other in this wretched place. And needed to count on each other! Gently, she broke loose from Algren's grip and pulled his arms off of her. She slowly placed him down on his mat again, and crept silently back to her room. She hoped that this time, Nathan would find peace and would be free from his nightmares...at least just for the night. Katherine's wishes came true. Algren for once slept soundly and so did everyone else in that household. No more frightening screams were heard that night. Big thanks for the constant support to my one loyal reviewer...don't worry...I'm planning to take things slow and expend on the character development. That's why you don't see me pairing Katherine with a specific person. That's because I'm not sure yet...anything can happen. I will concentrate on each character and will be sure to write exciting chapters.[Chapter 16] Chapter 16 Cat Out Of The Bag Now consistent voices of Nobutada and, although any other person his age would be tumbling around, a remarkably balanced boy of about three or four poured through the now normally opened paper door and into Katherine's room. She moaned slightly and rolled over, the images before her a blur for a moment or two before her eyes finally began to focus. The picture before her was a common one; of the young boy playing with Nobutada, but this seemed different somehow. Katherine sat up to study the two. After all, her plans of escaping were still in her mind and she was looking and listening to everything and everyone. The young boy was bouncing up and down on his toes, filling every empty second with a question for the yellow samurai. Katherine decided to listen to them; her past unknown amount of time in the place had been spent worrying and thinking of the horrid possibilities what the ending could be. So far, she had an advantage over these people. Most of them did not understand her while she understood them perfectly, and the best part was; they didn't know that their 'weak' female captive spoke their language really well. The little boy's musical voice sung out once more. \" Nobu, I want to go outside! Let's play!\" the boy said excitedly, but Nobutada shook his head disapprovingly. Even though, Kitty could only see the back side of the boy, she knew that he was now frowning. Nobutada used the same calm, disciplined voice that Katherine had heard close to every moment she was awake now. \" I can't, I have to stay here. Play with Higen.\" \"Why?\" The little boy whined, hopping a few times to emphasize his word. Katherine couldn't help but giggle a tiny bit, causing Nobutada to look up curiously at her. His gaze lingered on her, which scared Kitty into letting her hand fly over her mouth as if she had made a big mistake...Yet Nobutada had ignored this and leaned back down to whisper something in the boy's ear; who in turn shook his head fiercely. Nobutada gave him slightly stern look and nudged him; and finally the boy began to walk in the direction of Katherine's room. \"Will...\" he started in broken English, causing Kitty to stare at him in surprise. The little boy was having difficulty forming the words, he paused looking back to Nobutada and back to Katherine as if it would give him inspiration. \"P-Play?\" He finally asked, shocking both Katherine and Nobutada. Even though, his English was hardly 'English', she still understood what he was saying. He wanted her, a westerner captive, to play with him. Katherine's eyes widened in puzzlement. Nobutada was equally stunned, if not more. He would have never guessed that Magojiro would be so trusting...he didn't know that he'd take his word so seriously. \"I...I'm sorry, I can't.\" Katherine shook her head, indicating that she couldn't go with him and fearfully glanced at Nobutada. She doubted the little boy understood what she told him in English, but her gesture would definitely make him understand everything. The small boy relayed this information to the yellow samurai, who shrugged slightly. \" I guess you can go with Higen then. I have to stay here.\" Katherine assumed that this 'Higen' was another boy living under the same roof. He was older than the chubby toddler in front of her. Maybe all three of them were brothers? But how was that possible? She recalled Katsumoto's words...this young samurai was his son. Unless, the other two were his children as well. That could be possible actually. However, if this was the samurai leader's family. ..Where was he himself? Why wasn't he with his wife and children? Although, to Katherine...the beautiful Japanese woman looked little too young to be the mother of the yellow samurai. Ugh, this was becoming so confusing! The boy turned back to Katherine, his warm brown pools of eyes getting big with what could turn into tears. It struck a deep chord in her heart, even if he was one of 'them'. Apparently, she was the very reason why Nobutada wouldn't leave the house, unless if she went too. She couldn't help but roll her eyes at that thought. She didn't want to be in his company! But what about the poor little boy? After being stuck in her room for so long, her curiosity of the world got the best of her now. She stood up and sighed, her balance a little lost for not standing too often. \"Okay.\" She said with a nod, facing the small boy in front of her. The boy squealed with delight when he realized that the girl was willing to go with him. He happily scrambled through the door and ran outside, followed by a very reluctant Katherine. What could she be getting herself into? Well, if she did want to escape this place, she needed to know what kind of holding she was in; how to plan the get-away. Yet, Katherine continued to watch her back carefully, wary of the young man she didn't know trailing behind her. Katsumoto sat in his temple like most of the time however, today, he was not in his usual calm, medicating self. He was actually very frustrated, confused and little bit off guard. The truth was, he didn't know enough English to understand everything. He tried and hoped that the gaijin hostages' journals would help him comprehend and understand his enemies at least for a bit, but it wasn't that easy. Katsumoto was having most trouble with the westerner girl's journal. After Ujio had handed him her diary, the samurai lord in no time started to get to know his two captives. From Nathan's journal, he understood his struggle with being a warrior for all his life...his wars with the infamous red Indians. Maybe it wasn't much, but so far Katsumoto was not off lead...he was on track! But as soon as he opened Katherine's journal, his mind started to hurt from all the mysteries. First of all, the first few pages started with a pregnancy. What?! Was she married? Then in the midway, the writing style sort of changed and went from there. Katsumoto couldn't understand anything in that diary except for one: Apparently, the girl was multilingual and knew Japanese very well. He wasn't sure if he had read it correctly...but so far that's what he could make of it. If that young woman knew his language, she would be of great use to him. This was actually a very good news. However, was the girl deliberately hiding that fact? She gave off the impression couple of times that she didn't understand Japanese...so what was going on here? He needed to find out the truth. Katsumoto's confused thoughts were interrupted when Ujio and Nakao stood before him. \" My lord,\" Ujio greeted and he and his tall mountain like comrade bowed their heads in respect. \" we've come to inform you that our army has been expended by thousands in just few days.\" Katsumoto was usually always very pleased with such news. His armies were getting stronger and more powerful. Having the most courageous samurai warriors, who disagreed with the new change the Emperor was bringing, was an excellent thing for Katsumoto and his rebels. Ujio frowned in surprise when he noticed his friend's and lord's reaction. He believed that this would make him happy. So when Katsumoto merely nodded and turned his eyes on the westerner girl's journal again, both Ujio and Nakao were surprised. \" We've been training the men for days now-\" Nakao added calmly, only to stop his sentence when he noticed that the leader was no longer paying attention to what they were saying. \"Katsumoto... my lord, is everything alright?\" Ujio asked curiously, when he realized that their leader was lost in his thoughts again. Part of him was slightly irritated when he spotted the girl's diary in Katsumoto's hands. They were speaking about such important things...and yet that stupid westerner was in his mind. \" Ujio, I need you to find out if our female captive can speak our language.\" Katsumoto announced finally, suddenly struck with an idea. \" She doesn't, my lord. I asked her the simplest question; to tell me her name and she couldn't even understand that.\" Ujio replied a little confused. Why was Katsumoto asking him such questions when they could be talking about their possible final victory over the Imperial Army? \" Well, to be fair...I asked the same question to the wounded officer in his own language and he did not respond.\" Katsumoto answered, his eyes never leaving the diary he had in his hands. \" I read something in this journal...and now I'd like to conform it. As for the warriors...I trust you both with them. Continue your daily training and in the Spring...we'll see what our destiny has in store for us.\" Katsumoto stated and turned his gaze on Ujio and Nakao at last. \"As you wish.\" Ujio said and bowed his head respectfully. Nakao did the same thing and the two left his presence. Katherine was trekking up a hill alongside the tiny boy beside her. So far, the outdoors was a good idea. She desperately needed fresh air...it was calming and relaxing. The boy was carrying two large sticks shaped like katanas; a wooden sword, she guessed you could call it. Katherine didn't plan on using one however, she decided she'd make a small conversation with the boy. He seemed the only person she could bring herself to talk to somewhat normally. \"What is your name?\" She asked softly, unsure if the boy would understand her language. The tiny child looked over his shoulder; although his line of sight was blocked by the two large weapons he was lumbering. He looked at her and with confused expression gazed back at the samurai who was trailing behind them. Nobutada muttered the translation to him softly, causing Katherine to glance back at him. It was obvious that these people didn't understand much of her language...they just knew couple of sentences. This was actually in Katherine's advantage. She understood their language perfectly, but they didn't. In no time, she and Algren would escape! \"Magojiro!\" The boy answered excitedly and proudly, as if it would win him a large price by doing so. Nobutada smirked; when he was older Magojiro would be warned against such needless enthusiasm to a stranger...at least Ujio would make sure of it. \" What's yours?\" the boy returned in Japanese, barely slowing himself to keep up with her. He would jump and skip occasionally, to get the overwhelming energy out but still stay within a good walking distance. Nobutada couldn't help but think he was trusting people too easily...especially, young women. \"I am Kitty.\" Katherine gestured, making sure the boy understood what she was saying. She had noticed how quickly the boy had accepted her. Maybe she would find some peace in this dark place. \"Kitty!\" Magojiro cried crisply, and Katherine nodded. He laughed with triumph, as Katherine was impressed with how easily he had pronounced it. She could hear the samurai behind her, on the other hand, struggling with the word on his tongue as he tried few times under his breath. \"K-Kitty?\" Nobutada asked quietly, causing Katherine to look back at him with a questioning and cold look. \" Kitty. Is that it?\" She didn't respond him. She'd rather not talking to him at all. Only the people she cared about could call her 'Kitty'. She decided she'd tell that name to little Magojiro. She figured 'Katherine' would be a lot harder for him to pronounce. As for that samurai...she didn't want him to call her that! Magojiro let out a cry of enthusiasm as they reached the top of the hill, darting across the lush grass to meet some of the other children at the center. Katherine gazed after him nervously, not exactly wanting him to leave. The little boy had been the only one keeping her from darting away herself. The two were left alone, as they watched Magojiro engage in pretend games with the other children his size. Possibly playing about Emperors and knights...something along those lines. Nobutada wanted to calm the girl down. She looked super skittish and tense. Like a frightened and a nervous little bird. He wanted to tell her to relax...that he wouldn't hurt her. But she didn't understand his language. And he didn't know much of her language either. So what could he say to her? Maybe it would be better to keep quiet. They stood their in silence and gazed at Magojiro. Flooding memories of her childhood rushed back to Katherine's mind. Her father...every time she thought of him, her eyes would become all watery. No! She couldn't think about this right now. She was not planning to get emotional. Not in front of that samurai. She had collapsed in their arms once...by no means would she do that again. The evening was approaching when Ujio arrived at Taka's house to speak with Nobutada. He had called for him couple of times from outside; but when he rendered no response, he didn't stop himself from sliding open the front door and stepping inside himself. Nobutada had been leaning contentedly against the wall, both hands resting in their opposite sleeves. He had been dozing until his senses caught the door opening, where his eyes opened quickly and he became alert. \" Nobutada,\" Ujio barked at him, slightly angry that he had been ignored when the young man had only been a few feet from the door. He gestured Nobutada to come and speak to him. The younger samurai approached the hot headed man curiously, having an idea of what he might say: something about the westerners, no doubt. He was right! \"Katsumoto believes that the girl can speak our language.\" Ujio started, taking a quick glance at the living area that was within view. \" He found evidence in her own journal.\" Nobutada's eyes widened in surprise. \" That's impossible. She doesn't know our language.\" \" What makes you so sure?\" Ujio questioned in annoyance. Why was Nobutada so naive!? The westerners were notorious for being cunning manipulators especially, women. It was time for him to open his eyes and see things as they were. \"Well, because Magojiro and I asked her couple of questions and she couldn't answer...until I managed to say some of the things in English.\" Nobutada stated firmly. Ujio needed to get a hobby! Ever since they captured the two foreigners, he had become unbearable. Always throwing hateful and hostile remarks. It was bit too much. \"How do you know?! For all we know that bitch might be deliberately lying to us!\" Ujio exclaimed in frustration. \" And if she is...I swear, I will personally end her very existence.\" He warned in a dangerous tone. \"Calm down.\" Nobutada replied, trying to keep his cool. \" If whatever you're saying is true, my father will need her now more than ever...alive.\" he emphasized the last word. \"I can't believe this!\" Ujio spat, shaking his head in fury. \" That shameful barbarian might also know our language...and here they are; lying in our faces!\" \" Well, he's ba rely conscious to speak his own language...so I doubt.\" Nobutada responded simply with a shrug. By now, Katherine, who had been in her own room, heard the two masculine voices and decided to see what was going on. Even though, part of her was afraid to face the terrifying black samurai. She appeared at the end of the hall and froze, staring at them curiously. Ujio's eyes hardened and turned cold the moment he saw her, he had a huge desire to turn promptly and walk out the door. He didn't want to waste his time with a mere foolish girl when he could be training. However, he had to find out the truth! Katsumoto had given him orders! Nobutada noticed the tensioned moment between them and could sense that it was not going to end well. Before he could say or do anything, Ujio quickly walked towards her, his eyes flushing with anger. Katherine bit her lip hard, unsure of what to expect from the temperamental man. Her heart started to beat fast and she cursed herself for coming out of her chamber. Even though, Ujio was pissed off, he managed to compose himself and then asked, trying very hard to stop himself from killing her and the wounded, defeated, shamed man in another room. \" Can you speak Japanese?\" He asked her in his language. Katherine was taken a back with that question. How did they find out?! He stomach dropped and she thought she was going to faint from all the pressure. She paused, panicking thoughts were circling her mind. \" You better tell us the truth or else, the consequences will be dire!\" Ujio barked furiously at her, his hands reaching towards his sheathed sword. Katherine was unable to open her mouth and form words. \"Answer!\" Ujio spat angrily, slowly losing his patience. \" Answer, or I'll kill you!\" She may have stood her ground with the Japanese woman and the yellow samurai, Nobutada earlier..but this man was another thing. He didn't fool around, he was absolutely determined to kill her if she didn't say the truth. \" Yes.\" She finally gave in and spoke up in their language, shocking both Ujio and Nobutada with her bold answer. Kat's out of the bag, 'Kat'...get it? Lol! Thanks for all the support! I love reading your reviews guys! You motivate me![Chapter 17] Chapter 17 Pride and Stubbornness \"Yes, I can speak your language really well.\" Katherine announced, lifting her head in pride and trying hard to look confident in front of the scary samurai. Nobutada's eyes widened at this revelation in a huge surprise, and his jaw almost dropped when he heard the girl's impressive Japanese. Ujio, even though looked stunned himself, remained stoic. His expressions were much more unreadable than Nobutada's. His jaw tightened and he glared at Katherine coldly...almost throwing daggers at her with his eyes. \"You little bi-\" Ujio started angrily, but was interrupted by Nobutada, who wanted things to go rather smoothly. After all, he was charged to protect the girl, and if something happened to her, Katsumoto would be very displeased with with him. So it was his duty to keep Ujio as far away from her as possible. Because he had realized the older man's obvious distaste in the two westerners, particularly the girl's...besides, she was not helping either. She was stubborn, proud, disrespectful and foolish. \"I think we should take her to my father.\" He threw in quickly before Ujio dared to do anything unpredictable. The fiery samurai glanced at the leader's son silently and then looked back at Katherine, who, even though was very frightened, still gave off the impression of a courageous and a strong woman. She was a good actress in that sense. \" So I was right!\" Ujio exclaimed suddenly. \" You were deliberately lying to us! You bitch!\" He barked furiously, coming closer to Katherine. So close that their noses were almost touching. Of course, this was frightening and a risky thing for her...but she wasn't going to allow that barbarian talk down on her like that. She had been through hell since her encounter with the so called 'sophisticated' warriors that her father admired so much. They were pigs! Disgusting murderers! \"You didn't exactly ask me that question.\" Katherine hissed back, this only angered Ujio more and Nobutada wanted to facepalm himself. Why wasn't this girl cooperating right now? Last thing he needed was this! To protect her from Ujio! Ugh! \"I have rights to keep silent if I want to.\" Katherine continued arguing and pushing Ujio's buttons, much to Nobutada's dismay. \" Is that so?\" Ujio raised his eyebrows, completely perplexed at the stupid woman's disrespectful and dishonorable tone. She was testing his fury! Where the hell did she come from? Were women in the western world even allowed to talk like that to men? \" So let me get this straight. First you disgrace us by showing up in battlefield, then you stubbornly refuse to wear our traditional kimono, you lie to us about not knowing our language, and on top of all that, you dare to talk back to your superior?...a samurai, who is trained to eliminate people like you?\" Ujio was very shocked with the foolish girl's behavior. No one! Not even one woman in his life had nerves to speak to him like that...and now some gaijin, spoiled, shameful brat comes along and pulls a stunt like that!? Oh, he was this close from grabbing his katana and stabbing her with it. Stupid bitch! He'd show her a lesson! Katherine couldn't help but smile and shake her head at the black samurai, Ujio's words. That murderer had no rights to treat her that way! She had done absolutely nothing to him! He was just a sexist pig! Who expected women and mostly everyone, to tremble in fear when seeing him. Katherine was not planning to give him that satisfaction. She was already in a huge mess! Complete hell! Her chance of escaping was minimal now...she no longer had the element of surprise. They had found out about her knowing Japanese language, and some of the samurai especially, Katsumoto knew English. So how could she communicate with Algren and plan the get-away now? She was no longer afraid for her life...might as well die and find peace from this absolute misery. \"I'm not afraid of you.\" Katherine stated firmly, her piercing sea green eyes were just as fierce as Ujio's. \" If you want to kill me...go ahead! That's all you people do best anyway. Just do it!\" She crossed her arms and stepped up even closer to the enraged samurai who was already throwing daggers at her with his dark eyes. The tension was so high, that no one would've guessed what could possibly happen. The girl had challenged one of the most courageous warriors in the whole village. Before any of them could make a move, Nobutada stood in between them trying his best to ease the tense moment. \" Alright, that's enough.\" He said rather too calmly. He couldn't believe it...this woman was brave to stand up to such a scary samurai like Ujio, but also really foolish. He had seen her stubbornness the other day, however, this was another thing. Was she trying to get herself killed? \" Ujio, calm down. Don't forget it's my father who makes decisions about the two captives. Let's take her to him.\" Nobutada turned towards the older man, and spoke to him in a soothing voice, trying hard to gentle him. Ujio kept glaring at Katherine with such displeasure that it's hard to explain what he was feeling. He slowly nodded at the young samurai, but didn't take his eyes away from the disrespectful gaijin woman. Katherine smirked in triumph when she realized that Nobutada had no other choice but to protect her. For some reason, she was convinced that Katsumoto would want her now more than ever. She was a lot more valuable then before...she could speak their language and English. Ujio finally took his eyes away from Katherine and after muttering something to himself, turned and stormed out of Taka's house. Leaving Nobutada with the young westerner girl. Katsumoto's son sighed in relief. Thankfully, no harm was done and he had managed to calm the situation. He turned and stared back at Katherine who kept looking at Ujio's direction and had a proud smirk on her face. \" You're so foolish.\" Nobutada told her in full honestly. \" You do realize that you're testing the patience of the strongest samurai in the village, right? That won't do. You must know your place.\" He warned her, his voice calm and yet strict. Nobutada was completely stunned with this girl. Just couple of hours ago, she was frightened as a little bird, and now she stood like a agitated lioness breathing fire. He couldn't understand her at all. But the truth was simple; Katherine had been very afraid for her life before...because she had plans to run away with Algren. Now however, things has changed and she realized that escaping might not be possible. She had given up and decided to stand her ground even if it meant to die. Besides, she also had a full confidence that Ujio would not kill her...not after Katsumoto decided to keep his prisoners alive. \"I'm not afraid anymore.\" She replied simply. Part of her wondered why this young man cared for her safety so much. Unlike Ujio, he actually wanted to keep her unharmed. \"Stop making it difficult for me to protect you.\" Nobutada raised his voice. Why?! Why did his father order him to care for this disrespectful girl?! \"Protect me?\" Katherine asked in surprise. Wait, what? He was her personal body-guard? The leader's son was to care for her? \" Is that right?\" Nobutada nodded. \" I have orders.\" \" So you didn't choose to.\" \"Why would I?\" Nobutada questioned. He never asked for this in the first place...and was not particularly eager to spend time with the captives and frankly, Katherine didn't want to be around him either. Yet, she still relaxed somewhat at the information that she had. Even though, she didn't like any of them and absolutely hated these barbarians, having a protector like the yellow samurai wouldn't be such a bad thing. \" So what's your name then, golden samurai?\" Katherine asked even though, she already had an idea. \"Nobutada,\" he replied clearly and confidently, with a small smirk on his face as he was called 'golden samurai'. This girl was peculiar...he had never met anyone like her. She was very different from the women of the village. He wondered if all westerners were this free-spirited and overly confident. \"Katsumoto...he is your father, right?\" Katherine questioned, wanting to confirm all of her speculations. \"Yes, he is.\" He answered with a proud smile. \" And I own this village.\" He added, crossing his arms arrogantly. It was surprising how different the two samurai were. That Ujio fellow was older, prouder, scarier and very hostile. Nobutada on the other hand, was much more sincere, easy going, and pleasant...way more pleasant than the black samurai. True, Katherine despised all of them. But she was starting to understand that not everyone was as horrible as she thought. She shook her head at those thoughts. It didn't matter...yes, the two men were different. But they were both ruthless killers who ripped her away from her father! The two of them stood quietly for a moment. And Nobutada was actually glad that the girl knew Japanese...maybe, he would have a chance to understand her better. \"Whose house is this?\" Katherine wondered, as she looked around the living room area. \"It belonged to my deceased uncle, Hirotaro. Now it belongs to Taka, my aunt.\" He told her calmly walking up close to her. \" Taka...\" Katherine murmured curiously. \" Is she the woman who cares for us?\" She asked, referring to Algren. Nobutada nodded mindlessly and gazed back at her. \"I believe it's time for us to get going. My father wants to meet you.\" He said peacefully, before she could ask anymore questions. Katherine eyed him warily...she really didn't want to go right now; especially now that she knew how one of the older samurai felt about her. Would she be safe with Nobutada? Then again, would his father assign him to her if she wouldn't? But then again, it may have been political...She only wanted to go to the hill, where little Magojiro and other children played. She guessed somewhere deep down in her, she believed that they could be different when they'd become adults. Not murders like their fathers... Nobutada caught that the girl was lost in her thoughts. He cleared his throat and spoke up. \" We must go today; not next lifetime.\" Nakao noticed that his fellow comrade and friend was feeling way off today. Instead of teaching and instructing his students, Ujio angrily barked at them, criticized their techniques and was downright furious. Of course, Ujio had always been a strict and a hard teacher...he was demanding and expected a lot more from the warriors. And he was right! They weren't here to have fun. They needed to exercise and train hard for the upcoming battles. However, this particular evening, Ujio was acting really weird. He was genuinely mad! \"This isn't a fan dance!\" Ujio yelled enraged. \" Behave like real samurai! I don't need geishas here!\" He spat angrily, his voice echoing like thunder over the lands. \"Wake up! All of you!\" \" Geez...what's wrong with him?\" Another samurai whispered in Nakao's ear. Once the kendo training was over, Nakao, the tall karate expert walked towards Ujio, who was busy practising himself. It was obvious that something or most likely someone had pissed him off. \"What's the matter with you?\" He asked him calmly. \" The men are trying their best...and they're all doing a marvelous job. I'm proud of our accomplishments. Why aren't you?\" Ujio put down his wooden sword and glared back at his friend. \" It's not enough.\" He murmured quietly. Nakao rolled his eyes. \" Oh, come now. Tell me what's really bothering you. You returned very angry from Hirotaro...I mean, Taka's house.\" He corrected the last sentence, it was still so surreal that the bravest warrior was dead. It was true! Ujio was very, very furious! He was angry, his pride was hurting and he wanted to beat the crap out of someone. And all because of her ! That stupid gaijin brat! How dare she speak to him like that?! He didn't understand why this girl irritated him so much. He could just ignore her. But how could he?! She had nerves to talk back to him! Foolish woman! He'd put her in her place sooner or later. Just wait and see. \" Is this because of those westerners?\" Nakao raised his eyebrows curiously. \" That foolish girl! She actually had nerves to talk back to me! That lying bitch!\" Ujio exclaimed, pacing back and forth like an enraged lion. \"I should've killed her when I had the chance!\" He spat angrily. An amused smirk spread across Nakao's face. \"Don't let her get to you. She's just a gaijin girl...you shouldn't concern yourself with her.\" Ujio glared back at him in frustration. \"It's not that easy. She's disrespectful, disgraceful, and stubborn! She actually challenged me to kill her.\" Ujio growled in fury. Nakao almost burst out laughing. His friend was taking this way too seriously. Who cares what a captive girl thought? Why was he losing his mind over such nonsense! All westerners were crazy! \"Ujio, take it easy. Look at you, that girl is controlling you right now.\" The tall man spoke up with a smile. \" She shouldn't have that much power over you.\" \" And what makes you think she has?!\" Ujio burst angrily. His temper running short. Nakao blinked and stared at him for a second and then left without saying anything. Ujio needed to cool off by himself. The enraged samurai looked after him, as his friend walked away silently. Dammit! Nakao was right! That unreasonable and stubborn woman was occupying his mind! That wouldn't do...he needed to calm down. After all, he was a samurai, trained to control his feelings and emotions, so how come this foreigner girl was making him think otherwise?! Ujio cursed himself under his breath. He wouldn't let her get to him. And by no means, would she have power over him. He'd show her who was the boss...and would teach her and her shameful, barbarian officer an unforgettable lesson. So there you have it, guys! Things are becoming interesting! Judging from the reviews I don't have much Algren and Katherine shippers. And I must admit that I agree. Taka and Algren are a way better and much more intriguing. However, some of you have been rooting for Nobutada (for obvious reasons) and some of you were bold enough to suggest Ujio. Lol I've already made up my mind. And you just have to wait and see how things will go. Don't shy away from sharing your thoughts.[Chapter 18] Chapter 18 Conversation In English The sun was slowly setting and the reddish color was covering the beautiful landscapes. Katherine's pace involuntarily quickened, and hurried the calm and collected Nobutada, as she nervously made her way towards the samurai lord. The young samurai's gait was leisurely, giving the world around him an occasional glance with a hint of admiration. He had lived here most of his life, it was his home; and he never lost his love for it; or took it for granted. Katherine on the other hand, was too busy freaking out. She seriously didn't want to face Katsumoto. It was already getting dark, and all she wanted to do was rest. At the same time, Katherine was curious to find out what the samurai leader wanted to say to her. Was he aggressive like Ujio? Or as easy-going as Nobutada? Maybe...somewhere in between. Nobutada only accelerated his steps slightly, as he led her down paths that wound around the village. It was relatively close to the small town, and between the various wooden houses, Kitty could see the fleeting images of the inside workings of the village. Deep evergreen colored trees lined the other side of the path, the red sun was setting slowly and beautifully... It was a gorgeous sight. Katherine now understood why Nobutada looked around so proudly. The scenery was a stunning mask to the true intentions of these people. Or at least what Katherine believed were the true intentions. After couple of minutes, the two came upon a decently sized shrine. It overlooked a spacey and mysterious-persona field, which was sprinkled with wildflowers and blew gently in the soft breeze. Nobutada continued up the delicately carved steps without hesitation, leaving Katherine to follow him slowly and cautiously; as their roles had suddenly switched from few seconds before. Katherine gazed up at the long stairs she had to climb. She picked up her skirts and followed after the young samurai. Nobutada finally stopped at the door and turned to gaze at her, waiting patiently for her to catch up with him once more before he continued inside. The inside of the temple was the most striking feature of all. Although, the outside was rather intimidating; the inside was nothing less than speech talking. Gold seemed to sparkle everywhere, but it had only been used in small amounts and was spread throughout the room. Nobutada led her to the center of the shrine, before what Katherine assumed was a golden Buddah. She cringed at the sight...she hardly believed in such religions. She was raised as a Christian and was proud of it. Katsumoto was kneeling on the floor, obviously very deep in thought. He was muttering faithful prayers to the gods he believed in. As soon as he was finished, Nobutada gave him a respectful bow. Apparently, he understood the mumbling under his father's breath. Katherine didn't mirror this but merely observed; trying to absorb everything her senses were telling her. Katsumoto responded with a small smile and with a graceful bow, patiently ignoring the fact that the girl did not honor him with a bow of respect in return. These westerners were strange and downright rude sometimes. Sure, they were enemies...but respect is appreciated and valued even among sworn enemies. He stood, his stare powerful and commanding the complete attention of the two. With a soft nod, Katsumoto welcomed Katherine. \"Has your stay been enjoyable?\" He spoke to her in English, as if she were a guest at an expensive hotel. This fact really bothered her. Katherine had been through hell and constant stress over the couple of days because of these people... And now he had nerves to mock her like this? She was sure that Katsumoto was doing this on purpose; as if teasing her for being a captive. In reality, he wasn't. \"Not exactly...I've been in better conditions.\" Katherine answered in a dry manner, crossing her arms across her chest in a subconscious defensive manner. She wasn't going to allow anyone to talk down at her and mock her as if she were a worthless being. Just an hour ago, she had challenged an angry samurai who wanted to rip her into pieces. What makes you think she was afraid to stand up to Katsumoto? Nobutada shot her a warning look, as if telling her to know her limits. He was speechless. This girl was crazy! First, she decided to fight him and Taka about the kimono, then she was brave enough to infuriate Ujio and now she was speaking so boldly to the Samurai lord, Katsumoto? He himself couldn't talk to his father that way. She needed to be careful and needed to know her place. Katsumoto was not Ujio...he was the honorable leader and had to be respected. After all, she and that American officer were alive all because of his father...and that could change really quickly. Katsumoto on the other hand, merely chuckled at Katherine's response. \"I'm sure you have. But I hope you get comfortable soon. The winter is coming and passes are about to freeze over. You're staying here until spring.\" He notified her, and there was a ring in his voice as if he was very glad to have her captured and stuck in the place for so long. Katherine's stomach twitched with anger at this news and her heart completely sank. So much for planning the escape...it was over. Her plots and schemes weren't going to work anymore. She wondered what their intentions were. \"I trust, my son is treating you well.\" Katsumoto said simply glancing at Nobutada. Well, the young samurai wasn't exactly her favourite person...but he was better than Ujio so, that was a plus. Katherine nodded softly, as the leader continued gently. \"Tell me, fair girl, what is your name?\" He was being so polite to her...it was sickening. Katherine paused before answering him. \"Are my words not correct?\" He asked her, upon noticing that the girl was hesitant. \"My name is Katherine Graham.\" She responded coldly at last. Katherine's thoughts were still occupied with the horrible news...spring?! She had to stay here with these barbarians until spring? Oh, goodness gracious, how would she last so long? She had only been here for no more than three days and already wanted to commit suicide, let alone staying here for so long. It was only September...and passes wouldn't open till late April! She had to be stuck here for eight months?! No way. \"Kat-Ka terine Gr..ah-am?\" Katsumoto struggled with it and had trouble pronouncing her name, and Katherine could hear Nobutada muttering the words as well. But unfortunately, the father and son had no luck. Nobutada was confused, the girl had given his little cousin a much easier name when they were playing outside. \"Kitty.\" Nobutada said softly, that made Katherine turn around in surprise. Katsumoto's son remembered her name when she had told it to Magojiro that morning. He pronounced it really well. \"Kitty is your name, no?\" He asked her in English. \"Kitty.\" Katsumoto repeated with an ease. \"You have two names?\" \" 'Kitty' is short for Katherine.\" Katherine answered with a sigh. Ugh, she didn't want these people calling her that! Only her father and...Nathan could call her that. \"You don't mind if we call you 'Kitty'.?\" Katsumoto asked her politely. \"It's more easy to pronounce. My English is not so good.\" He said humbly and smiled at her. What else was she supposed to do? The leader of the warriors was treating her well...little too well. She didn't want to anger him. Katherine was not in a mood to argue and be outnumbered by handful of furious samurai. Fiery disagreement with Ujio was enough for one day. \"I don't mind.\" She answered him simply, keeping the cool tone in her voice. \"I'm pleased to meet you.\" He told her honesty with a quick bow. Again, he was being very polite. \"So, tell me Kitty, what were you doing in battle?\" The Samurai lord questioned again, eager to know more about the exotic girl standing before him. \"I uh...\" She didn't know where to start. It was a long story! \"My father was Nathan Algren, the wounded officer's translator,...but due to unfortunate events, father got really sick and I had to take his place.\" She explained, as the memories came rushing back to her. Oh, how Katherine desired to be with her papa again. Nobutada's eyes widened in shock as he heard the story. He couldn't speak English really well, but he understood most of the words. Katherine's story impressed him. She really was a brave girl...she had voluntarily taken her father's place and courageously faced the scariest warriors on earth, ready to die if needed. Katsumoto was equally surprised and very impressed. It's not everyday you find such a brave western girl in battle. She was something...for sure. \"You are a brave girl, Kitty.\" Katsumoto switched to Japanese, eager to hear her in his language. \" Is this yours?\" He asked, as he showed her mother's journal, which Katherine forgot even existed. She thought she had lost it in battle. Her eyes widened in happiness. She was really glad to see the diary intact. \" It belonged to my mother. She wrote couple of pages while pregnant with me.\" She paused for a bit, talking about these things were pretty emotional for her. Especially, in the circumstances she was in. \" After bringing me to this world, she passed away. So, I inherited the journal. That was the only thing that kept me close to her.\" Nobutada's heart went out to her. He and this gaijin girl had shared the same fate when it came to their mothers. His mother also died shortly after delivering him in the world. \"I would like to return it to you.\" Katsumoto said, amazed at her stories and her wonderful Japanese. He knew that his two new captives were interesting. But he didn't realize they had so much depth to them. He went up to her and handed her the journal, Katherine slowly took it from him and for the first time, bowed her head to him. \"Thank you.\" She told him with a weak smile. Katsumoto had been nothing but nice and kind to her, it was only fair for Katherine to finally acknowledge this. The Samurai leader smiled at her. He was glad that the things turned out so well. This was a wonderful opportunity to get to know his enemies. Katsumoto was even more convinced that keeping the girl and the American soldier alive was an excellent decision. \"My English is not perfect. I need the teachings of someone experienced.\" He announced after a while, as Katherine eyed him curiously. She listened to him attentively, already having feelings where this was going. \" English is your native tongue, am I correct?\" Katsumoto sounded as if he was speaking to himself...his own train of thought. There was another moment of silence as Katherine reluctantly answered. \" Yes...\" \"Then you wouldn't mind teaching me your language?\" Katsumoto had asked a question he already knew an answer to. \"I would be honored.\" He added, and switched back to English. Katherine nodded hesitantly. What more could she do? The fear of punishment for saying no was enough...besides, Katsumoto was nothing but polite and gentle to her. She didn't want to anger him because of her obvious distaste with them and immature stubbornness. \"I wish you a good night, fair girl.\" Katsumoto spoke up in Japanese once more, and bowed his head to her. \" I have important business to attend to.\" He continued and then added in Katherine's language again. \"I enjoyed this conversation with you in English.\" The sudden transitions from Japanese to English and to English and Japanese stumped her for a moment, but Katherine was quickly back on track. Relieving thoughts that she might actually leave the temple flooded her mind. She was really tired. Nobutada bowed to his father from the waist. Katherine copied this to some extent, but quickly returned to her full height in a matter of a few seconds. After this, the two turned and left Katsumoto's presence. The wooden steps outside the temple seemed to have doubled in size since the time they had seen them last. Katherine had trouble following Nobutada, who glided down them in ease. She ended up pulling up the edge of her dress so that she could see her feet, concentrating hard and knitting her eyebrows. It was already quite dark, she didn't want to stumble...she needed to see where she was going. Nobutada stopped at the bottom of the stairs to wait for her not with a scowl on his face, but rather an entertained expression. He was actually glad that he had listened to his father's and the westerner girl's conversation. He had learned quite a lot about her. And so far, he was really starting to like and admire her...even though, part of him felt uneasy about that. Was this acceptable? But then again, how could he resist...this girl was so intriguing. She finally caught up to him and their eyes met for a moment. Katherine noticed how warmly he gazed at her, she quickly looked away in another direction before continuing, clutching the journal in her hands. The two silently walked back to Taka's place, as the night fell upon the village. When they entered the house, Taka met them already dressed in what Katherine assumed was a night robe. The two little boys were probably asleep, and the beautiful Japanese woman looked as if she had just come out of her own bed chamber. Before any of them said anything, there was loud yell. It was Nathan. His torturous nightmares of his service back in America continued. His was crying again and shouting in horror. \"Sake!\" He screamed in agony. It was obvious that Taka had been dealing with this for a while now. She nervously glanced at her sons' room, hoping that they wouldn't wake up. Katherine noticed that small little detail and quickly spoke up in Japanese. \"Please, let me see him. I can calm him down.\" Nobutada nodded at her without a second thought, Taka however, looked at the western girl in surprise. She had no idea that the captive spoke Japanese. Nobutada had some explaining to do. Nevertheless, she really wanted to quiet the shouting man. So she too softly nodded at Katherine. Once receiving an approval, Katherine rushed in the room where Algren was confined, she walked close to him and just like the other day, brushed his hair and gently spoke to him. \"Nathan...shhh. It's alright. You're fine.\" She comforted him, as the man slowly awoke. \"It's just a dream. I'm here...\" She told him sweetly and softly. Her voice was calm and soothing, Algren relaxed once he recognized Katherine. He lazily opened his eyes and smiled at her weakliy. He was wearing some kind of a white kimono. \"That's it...you're okay. We're okay.\" Katherine continued softly, as she placed her hand on Nathan's heated forehead. He had a fever. \"Angel..\" Nathan mumbled, he wasn't fully aware of what was happening. But he sure was glad to see Katherine in front of him. He had noticed the strange Japanese woman tending to him couple of times, and lots of other things too. But that confused him even more. Seeing a familiar face was really comforting for him. Besides, Katherine's eyes were shining like stars. She was beautiful. An angel he so wanted to have. Meanwhile, Nobutada informed Taka about who Katherine was and why she was found on battlefield. Taka was also very happy to hear that the western woman knew their language. It would be far easier to converse with her. She was actually in awe as she listened to Nobutada, who told her everything he had heard during his father and Katherine's meeting. Afterwards, Taka decided to check on the two hostages, she and Nobutada slid the door open, only to find both the girl and the American officer sleeping side by side very peacefully. Taka timidly glanced at Nobutada, who wanted to enter the room and wake Katherine up and take her back to her own room. After all, it wasn't allowed to have them both in the same chamber. Besides, for some reason, Nobutada was quite displeased at the sight and he didn't know why. He should not have cared that much, but something deep down told him otherwise. Seeing them together was painfully irritating. Wow, what on earth was happening to him? \"Don't. He might wake up again.\" Taka stopped him quickly. \"Then let him drink sake.\" Nobutada hissed, slightly irritated. \"That won't do.\" Taka responded firmly. Was her nephew insane? Finally, there was some peace and quiet in this house, thanks to that girl and now he wanted to ruin that? \"This is my village and she is in my care.\" Nobutada insisted, still wanting to take the girl in another room. \"And this is my house.\" Taka did not shy away from arguing and making things clear. \" If you take her away, he might start shouting again. Can't you see how peaceful they both are? He is calm with her. Mayb e they're in love with one another.\" As Taka explained this, her last sentence stung Nobutada so hard that without another word he turned and went outside. He needed to get some fresh air. What was happening? Why the thought of the two captives in love made him so annoyed. What on earth was up with him? Was it...jealousy? Oh no! This should not be happening to him! Why was this girl having so much power over him?! Was he going crazy!? He shook his head, unable to comprehend the confusing feelings in him. OMG! Dear guest reviewer, I love you so much for leaving such a huge review and for analyzing the small details that I added to this story. I knew someone would catch it. Good job! Anyway, thanks for the support. Hope you liked the chapter. Don't be shy to leave reviews![Chapter 19] Chapter 19 Brave New World A warm, golden day light streamed into the chamber where Algren and Katherine lay side by side, peacefully sleeping and resting on the bamboo mat. Neither of them had slept this well since the day they got in the village. If one could see the sight, with no doubt he'd mistaken the two for a married couple. Katherine had her head placed on Nathan's chest, and Nathan had his arm wrapped around Simon' Graham's daughter very affectionately. Indeed, the two western captives looked as if they were on a honeymoon. The golden ray of sunshine peaked through the windows and Katherine slowly opened eyes. She felt at ease for once in this godforsaken waste land. Katherine shifted a little bit, and found herself surprised when she realized where she had spend the night. Nathan was still peacefully asleep probably exhausted from the night's events. Katherine gently reached over to feel his forehead and smiled in relief when she noticed that Algren no longer had fever. His wound on the right shoulder was looking a lot better too. Quietly and softly, Katherine rose from the floor. She wasn't sure why Taka and Nobutada didn't take her back to her own room last night but then again, she was the only one that had managed to calm agonized Algren. They probably didn't want to ruin the peace and silence. She stood up and fixed the skirts of her dress. Her hair was messy and she had a strong urge to bathe. It had been couple of days since her detainment, and even though she refused to wear a kimono, she sure wanted to take a bath and wash herself. Before Katherine could leave, she went up to sleeping Algren and gently lowered her lips to his forehead. Before anything else could happen, the door suddenly slid open and Taka walked in calmly. Katherine quickly stopped herself and glanced back at the door. \"Good morning.\" Taka told her softly, as she carried a tray in her hands. \"Hello.\" Katherine answered unsurely and stood up. Taka didn't say anything else, she gracefully moved towards Algren, placed the tray of food next to him and went up to inspect his wounds. Katherine gazed at her curiously. With no doubt, she was a strange woman. So polite, kind, caring, and quiet. Katherine wondered what was going on in her thoughts. Apparently, she was a widow, as Nobutada had told her. It must be hard to lose a beloved husband and care for the two young boys all by yourself...and not only that, she also cared for her nephew Nobutada, and the two 'guests' in her home. Katherine was impressed with this woman. She had inner strength in her that was quite obvious even on the outside. The way she carried herself...her manners. She was a typical Japanese aristocratic woman that her father used to tell her about. \"He no longer has a fever.\" Katherine told her at last. The woman nodded at her softly, her eyes were little bit filled with sorrow. \" Yes, he will be alright.\" She confirmed quietly, and stood from the floor. Katherine couldn't help but grin like a fool. She was so happy that her friend was going to be okay. She couldn't stand to deal with this mess all by herself, she needed Algren's strong and experienced opinions and guidance. \"Come, breakfast is ready.\" Taka said to her, as the two women slowly exited the chamber. She was surprised and little bit curious. Nobutada had told her most of the things about the female captive, but neither he, or anyone for that matter knew who she was to the American officer besides being a translator and interpreter. Taka wasn't a curious or a gossip-loving woman by nature at all however, the closeness the two westerners shared fascinated her. By all means, they were both very attractive. She had never seen any foreigners before and both the American soldier and the girl translator were pretty to look at. Of course, she wanted nothing to do with her husband's murder...she didn't care about him. If it were up to her, she'd stab him with Hirotaro's katana and kill him instantly. Somebody had to avenge her dead husband! She couldn't understand why her brother wasn't doing anything. Despite all this, there was no denying that the two hostages were interesting and attractive people. Taka led Katherine towards the small table where Higen and Magojiro were busy eating their breakfast. She gestured for her to sit down and eat as well. Katherine was a little hesitant, it was the first time she had so openly set with these people. Even though, it was just Taka and her two sons...she still felt a little bit uncomfortable. Little Magojiro was very happy to see her. \" Kitty!\" He shouted excitingly. \" Will you play with me again, today?\" He asked and clapped his chubby hands together, earning surprised glances from both Taka and Higen. A genuine smile spread across Katherine's features when the boy spoke to her. He was so cute and innocent. \" We'll see.\" She said gently and set herself next to Taka. \"When did you play with her, Magojiro?\" The woman asked her little boy curiously. \"Yesterday!\" He answered with triumph, stuffing himself with rice porridge. \" Nobutada and I took him uphill. He had a lot of fun.\" Katherine informed, remembering the other day's pleasant afternoon. A small smile formed on Taka's face as she gently cleaned Magojiro's messy face. The boy somehow managed to put the food on his chubby cheeks instead of his mouth. Katherine giggled at the sight. She couldn't help but feel at peace whenever she saw Magojiro. Besides, it was a good day today. Nathan was finally getting better and there was no sign of the overbearing samurai. Nobutada was not present and she didn't even care where he was. Even though, he was her protector, she felt relieved to have the killers and murders away from her for once. \"Your Japanese is so good.\" Older boy, Higen said to her in fascination. \" Who taught you?\" \"My father.\" Katherine replied quietly, whenever her father was mentioned she became emotional. She wanted to go back to her old life. This place wasn't for her! No matter what, she'd never get use to these people and their ways. She wondered how on earth would she be able to survive in the village till Spring. Taka spotted how the girl's smiling face changed when her father was mentioned. It was obvious that she wasn't the only one who had lost someone she loved. Katsumoto had a meeting in the temple with some of his bravest warriors including Nobutada, Ujio, and Nakao. They were discussing what Omura's next move might be and how they should be ready for the attack. \"There won't be anything till the arrival of Spring.\" Katsumoto announced confidently. \" However, we must train hard and get ready. To win this war, we must be fully awake.\" He stated calmly, and his men nodded at him in complete agreement. As Katsumoto spoke, he noticed that his usually concentrated son was lost in his thoughts this morning. Nobutada was always eager to understand the conversation and suggest anything that would help his father's counsel. This morning, his mind was occupied with something else; he was still thinking of last night's occurrence. He couldn't understand why he took it so personally when the girl decided to stay with the American officer. Why did he feel this... jealousy ? He cringed every time he thought back on his behavior. He was the Samurai lord's only son, the leader of the most wonderful village, why on earth would he be jealous of some hostages? And that girl...so what, if she was intriguing, beautiful, and completely surprising to him? So what if they shared the same fate and both lost their mothers so early? It didn't matter. She was just a captive! A proud, stubborn, and... oh, so gorgeous-Stop! What the hell?! He had to stop acting like this! It was too much! How dare he go thus far?! When did he start caring about such things? Just few months ago, his father and mostly everyone in the village, insisted for him to find a suitable bride, but Nobutada had made it clear that he as way too concentrated on becoming an excellent samurai like his father and had no plans for the family...yet. So what was up with him now?! Some foreign girl is captured, she looks at you with her bright eyes and suddenly, you lose your mind?! \" Nobutada,\" his father's voice brought him back to the present. \" How are our guests?\" Nobutada realized that the meeting had been dismissed while he was daydreaming and everyone was already leaving, except Ujio and Nakao who had stayed behind with Katsumoto. \" Is something bothering you, my son?\" Katsumoto asked with the raise of his eyebrows. \" You seemed far away during our conversation.\" \" I am well, father.\" Nobutada brushed it off. \" As for the guests...they're doing better.\" Katsumoto nodded mindlessly at his son. \" I'm pleased to hear it. How is the American soldier doing?\" \" He still has nightmares, begs for alcohol and shouts in agony. But aunt says that his wounds are healing up and he'll be alright in matter of days.\" Nobutada informed and rested his arms in his sleeves. He was debating in his head whether to tell his father more. For example, that Kitty was the only one who could calm him down. \" So anyway, Ujio...the girl was found on battlefield because she was the interpreter of the American warrior. Apparently, her father was supposed to be the translator for the man, but due to unfortunate events, he got sick and the girl had to take her father's place.\" Katsumoto explained the girl's past to Ujio calmly. \" It still makes no sense, my lord. No woman should be in battle.\" Ujio insisted proudly, his voice deep and rough. Katsumoto merely chuckled at his response. \" I personally find her to be very brave.\" \"A little too brave for her own good.\" Ujio answered slightly irritated, as he remembered the girl's tone towards him. She was disrespectful and disgraceful! \" What? You'd rather have me kill her?\" Katsumoto asked calmly, and he could see from the corner of his eye how displeased Nobutada looked with that question. Something was really up with his young son. \"Of course not, my lord.\" Ujio admitted quietly. Yes, the young woman was stubborn, insolent and provocative. He couldn't remember how many times he wished to strike her and end her miserable life. But then again, she was only a mere girl. Not older than Nobutada. Why would Ujio disgrace himself by wasting his sword on her? She just needed to be put in her place...that's all. Besides, she spoke their language and they needed her. \" She is valuable.\" Katsumoto smiled in satisfaction at Ujio's answer and nodded softly. He was glad that his most courageous samurai was supporting his idea despite the negative feelings Ujio had for the two westerners. \"That being said, I still think that we should kill that pathetic dog!\" The fierce samurai exclaimed, and Nakao nodded in agreement. Katsumoto almost burst out laughing. Oh, Ujio...when would you give up? \"You mean the American soldier?\" The leader asked innocently. As if not knowing what his fiery warrior was saying. \"Yes, him.\" Nakao answered and Ujio agreed in confidence. \"What do you think, Nobutada?\" Katsumoto glanced at his quiet and thoughtful son. He wondered what the young samurai was thinking. Did he have different kind of opinion about this? \"It is your decision, father.\" Nobutada answered rather too politely, not wanting to disappoint anyone in the room. His reply was political. But he also knew that his father wanted to hear his honest thoughts and opinions. \"However, if you want to know what I personally think, then I think we should give him a chance. The American hasn't awaken yet. He is still weak and in a bad state. Let's wait...\" \" He should've died a long time ago.\" Ujio remarked bitterly, as he recalled how that dirty swine had murdered Hirotaro. \" He is shamed in defeat.\" \" Let's calm ourselves.\" Katsumoto spoke up with a powerful tone in his voice. He looked at his men with a commanding expression. He didn't like when they disputed with one another. \"Father, he will get better soon and you'll be able to talk with him.\" Nobutada informed his father in a respectful tone. \"Actually, the only one who brings some peace to him is the girl. Whenever he has nightmares, she calms him down and instantly he relaxes. With her, he'll be up in no time. \" Nobutada decided to add these details as well. His father needed to know everything about their two prisoners. Katsumoto looked pleasantly surprised with this news. \"Good. I hope to meet him soon.\" Katherine was sure glad when Taka offered her to bathe. She was led by the gentle woman in a beautiful forest surrounded by large and tall trees. They were following a small trail side by side and Katherine found herself in awe. She was mesmerized by how stunning the nature around her was. Deep evergreen tress lined the other side of the path, flowery blooms were slowly starting to fall to the ground, littering the forest floor beside them with pastel petals. No matter how many times she tried to convince herself that this was a horrible place, something deep down ...told her otherwise. Taka stopped and turned towards Katherine, moving to the side and revealing a large spring of water. It was a gorgeous sight...something from a beautiful dream. It looked like a peaceful paradise. \"You can go in.\" Taka said calmly. She curiously gazed at the foreign girl's attire. It was interesting for sure. It had lots of layers and didn't seem too comfortable either. Katherine turned around and unbuttoned the side of her sea colored dress that matched her eyes, and slowly she undressed herself. She thought she'd be uncomfortable while doing this...but no. Taka was an easy-going person...in no way could she make someone awkward or uneasy. Usually, Katherine's dresses were designed to have another's help while putting it on or taking it off. But this one was actually quite easy in that sense. Taka was curiously staring at the western fashion. The girl was wearing some kind of white flowy pants and restricted, very tight top, underneath her dress. \"Do you want my help?\" Taka asked softly, upon seeing Katherine struggling to unlace her corset. She paused and looked at her for a minute before nodding gratefully. \"Thank you.\" Katherine smiled and slowly slipped into the water. She had decided to keep her bloomers and chemise on. The water was pleasantly warm and refreshing. She enjoyed every minute of it. Taka was not far away from her, but it was enough to make her feel comfortable and give her some space. Once Katherine was finished, she gently handed her the towel and the dress, that needed to be washed as well. \"Why don't you want to wear a kimono?\" Taka asked her so innocently, that Katherine almost started to feel really bad for behaving like she did and refusing to wear the traditional clothes. \" I like my dress.\" She replied in a simple manner, brushing the wet hair from her shoulder. \"It's ripped and dirty.\" Taka answered dryly. Katherine didn't know how to respond to this. Taka had a point. But she didn't want to be associated with these people in any way. So no! Wearing a kimono was out of question. \"It doesn't matter. I'm just a captive.\" Katherine told her, as she gently put her dress back on. \"No, you are my guest.\" Taka stated seriously, causing Katherine to stare at her in surprise. Yes, she was a gaijin woman who was on the American man's side...and he was responsible for her husband's death. However, that didn't change facts; Katsumoto told her that the two foreigners were guests in her house and she accepted it...well, at least the fact that Katherine was her guest. The truth was, Taka felt sorry for her. The girl was young, probably naive...but nevertheless, very brave. What she did for her father was remarkably courageous. Taka was absolutely fascinated. For the first time, she actually wanted to honor one of her guests. Katherine was so shocked with Taka's response. It was so obvious that the woman really meant the words she had just delivered. Wow, she was no barbarian. She was an angel. Katherine couldn't understand. Why was she being so nice to her? Even though, she wanted to hate all of them. It was becoming difficult...Why was Katsumoto so polite and respectful to her the other day? What was up with these people? First they look like cold, ruthless killers and then they treat you with so much care? Katherine's head was hurting from the confusion. This woman was so kind and simply...wonderful. Maybe she was just playing her? Or she was just fulfilling her orders like that Nobutada? But no! There was honesty in her eyes...she was genuine. \"Alright. I will wear it.\" Katherine couldn't believe herself for saying this, yet it was true. She gave in and agreed to do as Taka had asked. Nathan Algren's eyes lazily flattered open, and just like Katherine, he realized just how sore his whole back was from lying on the floor for so long. His eyes focused on the room, as his memories slowly came rushing back to him. The fog, the battle, Gant's death, the samurai in the crimson armor, the capture, the nightmares, Katherine...wait, Katherine! Where was she? He quickly set up, as his head started to spin from the sudden movement. He remembered last night's event vaguely. She was with him. She comforted him. But what if it was a dream? Ugh, he had promised Simon Graham that he'd keep his daughter safe...so much for that promise. He stood up at last, although, at first kind of stumbled. He was feeling a lot better. So much better actually. That woman...that beautiful Japanese woman. She cared for him...didn't she? He had been too weak these couple of days, however, he wasn't blind. He had seen the gentle woman many times and was actually in peace whenever she came in to tend his wounds. But when Katherine appeared before him during his agonising nightmares, he was actually so relieved and happy. If only it were not a dream and if only she was okay. Nathan noticed a tray of food in the room and next to it were his army clothes. He smiled knowingly...it was time for him to get up and take action. He was alive. He was well! And he was going to keep the promise he had given to Mr. Graham. He would protect Katherine![Chapter 20] Chapter 20 The World Has Turned and Left Us Here Algren somehow managed to dress himself in his same old military attire. With no doubt, he was feeling a lot more energetic and alive. But part of him was anxious to know where Katherine was and how she was doing. He hoped to the highest heaven that she wasn't hurt. His head was still pounding, his back was sore, and his wounds weren't completely healed yet. Quietly and slowly, he slid the door of his chamber open and exited, ready to inspect his new surroundings. The house looked empty...no one seemed to be there, until he heard the playful voices of the two young boys that he had noticed while he had been sick. Higen and Magojiro were playing with a big red ball in what looked like a living-room area. The two boys stopped when they noticed Algren staring at them. They seemed embarrassed to encounter him alone. There was a moment of suspension and silence, and then Higen confidently threw the ball to the American soldier. Algren was surprised with the older boy's gesture. He looked back and forth between the two boys and with a small smirk fixed his gaze on Higen, but threw the ball to little Magojiro, causing both of the boys to laugh out loud and run away. Algren continued to explore the house. He opened the nearby shojii screen and discovered a small room that had been made into some kind of a shrine. Candles and incense burned, a small buddah sat on a dais, the whole atmosphere was relaxing and peaceful. The room looked as if it was in memory of something or someone. In that moment, his eyes were suddenly drawn to what seemed like like an apparition standing in the corner. A surprised expression crossed Nathan's features when he recognized the bright red armor of the warrior he had killed in the fog, held upright by an unseen stand. It was almost as if the dead samurai himself was staring back at him. Nathan made a slow advance towards it, but soon sensed someone watching him from behind, he turned and saw the beautiful Japanese woman, who had been nursing him, standing across hall. Their eyes met, and she gently turned her gaze and walked away in silence. Katherine was standing on the wooden porch of Taka's house, her hair was still wet from the bath she had taken earlier. Gentle breeze blew past her and she sighed quietly. She gazed down at her own dress and shook her head. Katherine couldn't believe it. She had agreed to wear the traditional clothes of these...people. As much as she disliked them and wanted nothing to do with their culture, she decided that a piece of clothing would not determine who she was. It was just a dress for goodness sakes! Katherine glanced at the grim samurai standing closer to the house. He was elderly and had his white hair tied in a top knot, like most of the samurai in the village. He was grim, silent, and stoic. She wondered if he was some kind of a guard or something. She had noticed that the silent man had been standing as a body guard close to the house quite often. Moreover, it seemed like he was always there. Speaking of guards, where was her own personal protector, Nobutada? She hadn't seen him all morning. Yes, Katherine was relieved to have him away for a while, but she was starting to get curious. Wasn't he charged to guard her? Why didn't he show up? Where was he? Was he alright? Katherine caught herself in the act and silently cursed herself. What was up with her? Since when did she care about those barbarians? A rough sound of the steps on the porch shook Katherine from her thoughts and she looked back only to meet Nathan's eyes. A huge grin spread across her face and her eyes brightened immediately, when she saw her only friend in this terrible place she was stuck in. \"Katherine!\" Nathan exclaimed happily and somewhat relieved. He was sure glad to see her unharmed. \"Nathan! You're up!\" Katherine cried out, ran up to him and embraced him in a tight hug. Nathan wrapped his hands around her waist, and buried his nose in her neck, smelling the fresh and sweet scent. Despite the troubles the two had been through, they were both alright. And that's what mattered the most. This sweet display was noticed by Ujio from a far, he was heading out to train the men when from the corner of his eye, he saw the two foreigners embracing affectionately. He huffed in annoyance...ugh, that swine was alive and well. He should've been dead by now! He didn't deserve to live. He was a useless dog who had murdered his friend. And why on earth was he pawing the girl? She was his translator, nothing more! Wait a second... why did he care about that? What was wrong with him? Since when did he care what his two most hated people would do? Ujio quickly shook his head, and marched straight up to mind his own business. He was done thinking about them...about her for one day. \"Are you alright? Did they hurt you?\" Nathan questioned anxiously, grazing up and down Katherine's form. \"What's this? Why is your dress ripped?\" He asked in sudden panic, brushing his hands on Katherine's cheeks and pulling her close to him, as if that would protect her from everything. \"I'm fine. I'm fine.\" Katherine shrugged it off, equally curious to know if he was alright. But Nathan did not give her a chance to speak. \"Then what's wrong with your dress?\" He continued in a fatherly manner. \"I participated in the battle with this.\" Katherine stated, with a slight smirk. \"Don't worry about me. I was fine.\" She gently placed her hands on his right shoulder. \"How are you? How's your wound? Are you sure you can walk? Don't you want to lie down?\" Now it was her turn to question him frantically and fuss over him. Algren smiled at her softly. \"I'm alright. The worst is over.\" His lips were few inches away from her. They stopped for a minute, realizing just how close their faces had come together. They could hear each other's breathing. Katherine pulled away quickly, her heart was pounding. Alright, what was happening? Yes, she was happy that Nathan was finally feeling better. But since when did they get so cozy with one another? When did this happen? He was her Captain...her boss. Algren took a step back, and cleared his throat uncomfortably. There was no doubt that the latest stressful and dangerous events had brought them both closer...a little too closer. He didn't mean to go this far. \"Look, I'm still not sure where we are.\" Algren started, his voice was slightly distant than before. \"Who is this fella staring at us?\" He asked, referring to the silent samurai standing nearby. \"I don't know. I think he is a guard.\" Katherine replied unsurely, still perplexed with what had happened between the two of them few seconds ago. Nathan's jaw twitched a little bit. \"Don't be afraid. I'll find away to get us out of here.\" He whispered at her calmly. \"What's your plan?\" Katherine questioned softly, a small measure of faith returning to her. Maybe with Nathan, she'd manage to get out of this wasteland. She was so glad that she wasn't going to be alone in here. She had someone to rely and count on. \"Well, first...\" Algren started, his body didn't move but his eyes wondered around. \"...We need to explore this place. Just to see with what we're dealing with.\" \"You mean in the village?\" Katherine asked gently, as she nervously glanced at the silent samurai, hoping he didn't understand their language. Algren nodded mindlessly and Katherine decided to follow his lead. They slowly descended the porch stairs and walked towards the villagers, the silent samurai was trailing behind them. \"Is he following us?\" Algren asked Katherine, without glancing back. \"I think so.\" She replied quietly. \"If we weren't allowed to wonder around, he'd stop us by now.\" Algren commented and finally turned towards the elder man. \"What's your name?\" The samurai did not respond, he silently followed the two captives. Katherine raised her eyebrows curiously. \"Do you want me to translate for him?\" She asked Nathan. \"Of course, not. They must not know about that.\" Algren told her firmly. \"It's our element of surprise.\" However, before he'd continue to add more, he noticed the way Katherine's face changed into a frown. \"What's wrong?\" He questioned. \"They know already.\" Katherine replied with a scowl. \"I tried to keep it as a secret but they found out somehow.\" \"Son of bitch.\" Algren muttered under his breath, and then looked back at Katherine. \"It's alright. Don't worry about it.\" He comforted as the girl responded him with a weak smile. The inside of the village was more fascinating than either of them expected. Then again, everything in this place seemed to be so different and interesting. Even though, all Katherine and Nathan wanted to do was to find away and run away, they couldn't deny how intriguing their surroundings were. People of all ages were fussing around like bunch of busy bees, shopping with large woven baskets or just out for a walk. Each individual had something set on their mind; a goal for the day and for their lives. It was mind blowing how determined some of them were. They seemed so disciplined; the black smiths who sat outside of their houses and pounded swords and arrows or the men who sat on their porches and carved out furniture that would one day be for sale. Algren's eyes were wide and accepting every detail he could soak in. Katherine on the other hand, couldn't help but be homesick all over again. This place was way too different for her. The more she wondered around, the more she wanted to return back to her own people. The truth was, she became very intimidated with their way of life and couldn't comprehend lot of things. Her heart soared rapidly and she hoped that Nathan would somehow come up with something, and they'd get out of this place as soon as possible. They silently continued to explore the area, until the village actually noticed them. It was suddenly quiet, except for the gasping of some women. The nervous whispers were heard in every corner. The men stared at them coldly, the mothers hid their children, scooping them up and hurrying them to safety. Some other civilians gazed at them curiously, trying to understand the two strange foreigners. And there were some who looked at them in sheer fear, shutting their doors and closing their windows so there was no possible way they could see inside. The glares the two received, made Katherine feel nauseous, an awkward feeling creeping through her. Unconsciously she squeezed Algren's hand, who was walking beside her and he too grabbed her hand. Apparently, she wasn't the only one feeling uncomfortable with the way the villagers reacted upon seeing them. Once both Nathan and Katherine were out of the civilians' sight, they finally came upon large rice fields, where some kind of a spectacle was happening. It was like nothing else in the world; part sacred ritual, part martial preparation, samurai training combined with athletic prowess and graceful artistry into one effortless whole. Both Katherine and Algren stopped to see this intriguing display. In front of them was a Kendo (The Way of the Sword) master practice with their long and short swords. Ujio stood in the middle, as he gave quick commands to the rest of the men, and they moved their katanas swiftly and gracefully with incredible control. Right across from there, was a large mountain man, Nakao the karate master. He stood unarmed, as the four samurai attacked him with swords. He effortlessly defeated them and Katherine gasped in shock. Ujio noticed the two captives staring at them with much interest, he gently lowered his sword, the rest of the samurai repeated the same movement. Suddenly, with a loud battle cry, Ujio and his men thrust their swords in front of them, as if trying to attack, and Katherine jumped in fright...Algren however, remained motionless. He knew that this was part of the samurai practice although, he did sense that the man standing in the front had strong distaste for him particularly. In few seconds, Ujio and the rest of the warriors calmly sheathed their swords and bowed at each other. Algren continued to walk on, Katherine slowly trailing behind him and Ujio glared at them coldly. This shameful swine had nerves to come out of his little hole? How dare he! Ujio fumed at him. Fine! He would tolerate the foolish girl even though, she had a sharp tongue and was quite disrespectful. At least, she knew their language and was somewhat valuable. But that murderer?...that bastard? No way! He better hide from him or else, Ujio wouldn't be able to contain his resentment. Disgusting American dog! As Katherine followed quickly behind Algren, hoping to be invisible in front of these men, she spotted someone very familiar. It was Nobutada. He stood in the distance using his bows and arrows for target practice. He was holding a bundle of arrows, his mind was relaxed, and he didn't seem to notice neither Katherine or Algren watching him. Nobutada was completely still, his eyes hall-open. And then, in a stunning blaze of moment, he fired the arrows, one after another, amazingly fast, cleanly hitting each of the tree with an ease. The final arrow split the previous one as it buried itself in the tree. Satisfied smirk spread across Nobutada's face, as he went up to collect the arrows back, and that's when he noticed Katherine and Algren staring at him in awe and admiration. \"Is that Katsumoto's son?\" Algren whispered at Katherine curiously. She nodded in response, her eyes were still on the brave samurai before her. Nobutada met her gaze with an amused smile. Part of him was surprised to see her and the American man wondering around...looks like the soldier got better and could walk now. He also couldn't help but feel proud for nailing those shots in front of them...especially in front of her. Was he showing off? Maybe...but then again, Nobutada didn't know he was being watched at that time. Katherine turned her gaze at Algren and spoke up quietly, yet nervously. \"Please, let's just go back.\" She didn't feel comfortable being in the midst with these samurai as they trained hard to become even better killers than they already were. She also hated the way most of them glared at her and Nathan, as if they were some kind of monsters not worthy enough to be there. If there was a monster here, it were them... especially that Ujio fellow. A sudden urge to escape and return home, rushed back on her yet again. \"Nathan, take me out of here.\" Katherine begged once more, when she realized that he didn't hear her whisper the first time. Algren looked down at her with worry. \"It's alright. Let's go.\" He told her calmly with a comforting tone in his voice, and the two slowly made their way back to Taka's house, the silent samurai quietly trailing behind them. Once back at their safe zone, Katherine relaxed a little bit. Algren was standing beside her, and he swiftly glanced back at the stoic samurai who had been following them everywhere, he was now standing outside on the porch. \"How are you feeling?\" Algren asked the girl soothingly. \"I'm fine.\" Katherine responded softly and gazed up at him. \"We have to get out of here. I can't stand this any longer.\" She spoke up anxiously, placing her hands on Nathan's shoulders. \"We will, don't you fret.\" He said with a soft smile tucking on his lips. \"Trust me, I'll get us out of this place.\" Nathan promised confidently, and at that moment Nobutada rushed inside and quickly approached Algren. \"Hey! You! Go!\" He exclaimed in English, motioning Algren to step outside. \"What's happening? What do you want with him?\" Katherine asked in Japanese, lifting her eyebrows in suspicion. \"My father wants to see him...now.\" Nobutada answered right away. And Katherine quickly interpreted his words to Algren. \"I'm not leaving you here alone.\" Nathan told her determined, his eyes fixed at the young samurai before him. \"I don't trust him, or anyone else.\" \" He wants me to go along with him.\" Katherine spoke up to Nobutada. \" He refuses to leave me alone.\" \" Well, tell him that nothing will happen to you as long as I'm here.\" Nobutada insisted, unable to hide his irritation at the American man. How dare he think that he'd hurt the girl? He was charged to protect her! \"Nathan, I'll be fine.\" Katherine turned to her friend, touched with how he tried to shield her from the samurai. \"He is actually my personal guard. He won't harm me. I promise you.\" She assured him gently, as Nobutada waited for them patiently. \"Are you sure?\" Nathan asked firmly. He didn't trust anyone here in the village. Especially, when it came to Katherine. He had a promise to keep, for goodness sakes. \"I am.\" Katherine stated confidently. \"Now go see Katsumoto. I already spoke to him yesterday.\" Algren gave her a quick hug and reluctantly left the place together with the silent samurai. Thanks for all the reviews! Much appreciate it. And those of you who were wondering...yes, Nakao is an actual movie character.[Chapter 21] Chapter 21 No Way Out \" You don't believe that I'll protect you?\" Nobutada asked Katherine calmly, once Algren and his silent bodyguard had left to stand before Katsumoto. Katherine finally turned her gaze away from the direction that Nathan had taken, she blinked in surprise at the young samurai's question. \" I don't know what to believe anymore.\" She replied rather dryly and tried hard to avoid eye contact with him. \"How so?\" Katsumoto's son questioned, taken aback by her answer. Why was she making things so difficult? Everything was so simple and easy to comprehend; Nobutada was charged to protect her! Nothing bad would fall upon her as long as he was here. What was up with this girl? So many young female villagers would give anything to even see a small glimpse of their Samurai lord's brave son, and this one here had him as her very own guard and protector, yet she didn't care? And that American soldier was rather possessive of the girl. He needed to relax a little bit...she wasn't his wife, sister, lover... wait. What? Again, with the confusing jealousy... Nobutada was going too far with this. He shouldn't be bothered with these strange westerners. \"I don't want to talk about it.\" Katherine said coldly, shifting her eyes from the floor and to the chamber where she used to be confined. She really didn't want to communicate with this man right now. It didn't matter how polite and nice he and his father were to her at the moment. That could change in few seconds. Deep down these people were still bunch of killers and barbarians with very outdated and uncivilized ideas. All Katherine could think about was Nathan...part of her wished she could actually go along with him. But she knew they wouldn't allow such a thing. She hoped Nathan would come up with something clever and the two of them would manage to escape their captivity. \"You don't trust me?\" Nobutada raised his eyebrows. Was he serious? Katherine stared at him in disbelief. \" Why should I? You're the enemy.\" He didn't know what stung him the most; the fact that Katherine's response was so cold and disrespectful, or the fact that she called him her enemy. It was probably the latter. Nobutada couldn't think of any kind of response. It was true, they were enemies...in some ways. But then again, things had changed a little bit. His father had welcomed the two foreigners as his guests. Surely, they could try and be civil and understanding towards one another before the Spring would arrive. \"Is that what you want me to be?\" He asked at last, causing Katherine to lock eyes with him in surprise. It was up to her; Nobutada had been trying really hard to be polite and easy-going with her, but she wasn't cooperating. She was the one being disrespectful and cold to him. She regarded him as the enemy...maybe it was time for Nobutada to look at her that way as well. Ujio had been right. He was being a little too naive and kind to the foreigners. This sentence really got Katherine and she couldn't think of an appropriate comeback. She paused, obviously confused. Nobutada didn't wait for her to answer him, he turned around and exited the house, leaving Katherine to wonder if she had been too harsh about her choice of words. Algren returned from Katsumoto's temple very astonished and puzzled. His talk with the Samurai lord was quick and ...just very confusing in total. But one thing was clear now; the woman who cared for him was Katsumoto's younger sister, the two boys were her sons, and the red warrior that he had murdered in that battle and whose armor he saw earlier, was the woman's husband. Algren couldn't believe it! He had widowed the beautiful woman, and those little boys were orphans thanks to him. Algren couldn't understand how despite all this, the woman treated him like a guest in her house. If was crazy! These people were so bizarre and abnormal! And Katsumoto, the leader of the rebels, was himself very strange and surprising human being. It was beyond Algren's comprehension. Why did he keep him and Katherine alive? How long were they planning to keep them both here? And for what reason? To converse with Katsumoto in English? Algren was so frustrated! He had witnessed many strange things during the wars he participated in, but none were as surprising and unusual as this! He walked back to Taka's place together with the silent samurai who was following him around like a guard dog. Katherine was sitting on the porch, anxiously waiting for Nathan to come back. Without him, she would be doomed in this Godforsaken wasteland! All she could think about was how to escape from the village once and for all. She never asked for this! Few months ago, Katherine was comfortably leaving in her lovely mansion that stood outside the busy streets of London. She loved and missed her home, her nanny Elizabeth, her two best friends Annabelle and Henry, she even missed her overbearing aunt Emily, and most importantly, her dear father. Katherine had such dreams and prospects; she always wanted to be part of Theatrical Syndicate. Maybe settle down somewhere in America, marry the man she'd love, have couple of children...she never dreamed of this! To be stuck in another side of the world with bunch of barbarians! A soft and gentle autumn air blew past her, as her chocolate brown curls fell down as the rain showers. She sighed heavily, her heart ached and she just wanted to close her eyes, open them, and wake up in her father's arms. Katherine knew she was being weak to think that way...but she couldn't help it. Her mind was still occupied with these thoughts when Nathan returned, the elderly samurai trailing silently behind him. Upon seeing him, she eagerly flew up to meet him. \"What happened?\" She asked, as Algren slowly made his way up on the porch. \"What did Katsumoto say to you?\" \"Nothing...\" Algren responded quickly, his eyes focused on the entrance of the house. \"Nothing?\" Katherine was stunned. Katsumoto didn't say 'nothing' to her. They actually had some kind of a conversation. \"He just introduced himself to me, then I had to introduce myself...oh, and he told me that General Hasegawa had asked him to cut of his head.\" Algren explained, remembering the unusual encounter he had with the Samurai leader. \"What about us?\" Kitty questioned. \"Can we get out of here before Spring?\" She whispered the last sentence, hoping that the silent samurai wouldn't understand anything. \"What?\" Algren exclaimed in shock. \"We're staying here till Spring?\" \"That's what Katsumoto told me.\" Katherine confirmed. \"The passes are about to freeze over and we are to be here till they open up again. He didn't tell you?\" \"Why didn't you tell me?\" Algren questioned, slightly angry. What?! The passes were closed?! How on earth was he supposed to escape now?! There was no way out of this. \"Katherine, don't you understand? There's nothing we can do now.\" He stated sternly, his heads flying to his hair out of frustration. Before Katherine could speak up, Nobutada and Taka appeared on the porch, motioning the two of them to come inside and join them at the table. Without another word, both she and Algren followed them and kneeled at the table where Magojiro and Higen were already seated. There was silence, no one said anything. Most of them were still deeply engrossed in their own thoughts, except for little Magojiro, who had nothing but mischief in his mind. Nobutada was not in a mood to be friendly and talkative with these people; Kitty had made it perfectly clear to him that she didn't want to speak with her 'enemy'. Fine, he would treat her the way she deserved to be treated. Katherine was also very quiet, her heart slowly sinking at Nathan's words. So there was no hope...was there? She was stuck here for good! The hope of Nathan saving her was gone! He said it himself that there was nothing he could do. Was this really it? Algren's thoughts were however, occupied with something else; Taka. He gazed at her in astonishment, as she served him and everyone at the table, the food she had prepared. Algren watched her intently, seeking any sign of animosity he was certain she must feel. He had murdered her husband! Taka on the other hand, looked rather respectful and calm as she handed him bowl of rice. She treated him with utter politeness and dignity. Outwardly, she managed to conceal her feelings however, deep down...she just couldn't stand to be near him! Hirotaro was dead because of this American! It had to be her husband sitting at the head of the table...not this man! Besides, he smelled so bad...like the pigs. \"You hope I choke on it?\" Algren smiled and mumbled softly. Taka bowed politely, not understanding the words he said, neither was Nobutada paying attention to his words. Katherine however, heard her friend and looked at him surprised. What did he mean? \"You want to poison it and watch me fall over the table and die like a dog?\" Algren continued in a low tone, as Taka and Nobutada ignored his words not even trying to comprehend them. Katherine's eyes widened. Why was he speaking like that? What was up with Nathan? Why would Taka want to kill Algren like that? That woman was the kindest person in the village so far. What was going on? Katherine was so tired of all this!...Of being confused all the time, having to understand the ways of these people, she was starting to feel very homesick! What was she doing here anyway? She wasn't even that hungry...and she could no longer stand to eat so much rice. Katherine took a deep breath and excused herself, standing up and walking away. \"Tell my brother that I can't stand this much longer.\" Taka spoke up calmly, after Katherine had left, knowing that the American wouldn't understand her language. \"You tell him.\" Nobutada stated, slightly irritated that Katherine had decided to leave. \" At least make him take a bath. He smells horrible.\" Taka threw in, her voice remaining as soft as possible. Katsumoto's son responded with a mere chuckle and said no more. Little Magojiro, bored out of his mind, started making funny faces at Algren, but Taka gently stopped her boy for misbehaving. Higen stared at the American man curiously; this man had defeated his courageous father. How come? Should he be angry and hostile towards him? He was confused but nevertheless, very intrigued with the strange guests. Algren was starting to feel very awkward and uncomfortable. Why did Kitty leave him with these people? He was so out of his element. He didn't even know their language...he continued to eat his food silently, part of him wondering what he and Mr. Graham's girl would do here in the village with the samurai for so long. Katherine was in 'her' chamber, the door was slid open and she was very close to bursting out and crying. Her stomach twitched with anger, her heart sank with sadness, her eyes were filled with droplets of tears...so many heightened emotions. She needed have an outlet somehow! Her vision was blurry from all the watery tears, but she swore she wouldn't even drop a single tiny tear under the same roof where her captors were living. Suddenly, her gaze focused on a crimson object standing upright right across from her room. She slowly got up to inspect what it was...it looked like an armor. Katherine found herself in the same area where Algren was earlier. The small chamber that was made into a memorial for someone special to this family. Her eyes widened in astonishment when she recognized the armor of the red samurai who had murdered Gant brutally and in the end got killed by Nathan. Why was his crimson armor here? Why where candles and incense burning? Who was this mysterious samurai? She jumped in a skittish manner when Taka's older son, Higen entered the room. Young boy looked rather surprised to see her. Katherine cleared her throat uncomfortably. \" I'm sorry. I was just uh...leaving.\" The boy gazed at her quietly, understanding look crossing his features. He seemed so mature for his age. \" I'm Higen.\" He said politely, bowing his head at her. \"My name is...Kitty.\" Katherine managed to spit it out. Why was this nine year old intimidating her? \"It's an honor to meet you.\" The boy smiled at her. Higen had seen the interesting girl many times but they were never formally introduced. So he was quite pleased and also impressed with how this foreigner could speak his language. Katherine didn't know whether to leave or just stay and continue having a conversation with this bright boy. She decided to go with the latter in order to satisfy her curiosity. \" This armor... does it belong to someone?\" The boy's soft smile vanished and instead was replaced with a sad expression. \" It was my father's.\" He said softly. Katherine's eyes almost popped out of their shells. What?! Nathan had killed Taka's husband? The ruthless red warrior who had murdered Gant was the father of Taka's children? Great! Just perfect! More awkwardness, confusion, troublesome and unpleasant situations. She needed to get a fresh air as soon as possible! Or she'd go crazy with all of this! Katherine marched out of the house only to meet thoughtful Algren at the porch. It was a warm and charming evening, the sun was beautifully setting down, the air was crispy and fresh...obviously, the winter was in the horizon. It was approaching slowly and quietly. \"Kitty!\" Nathan exclaimed upon seeing her. \"Did you know that we're in the household of the samurai you killed?\" She blurted out suddenly. \"Katsumoto was kind enough to inform me.\" Algren answered, sounding unamused. Ugh, all he could think about today was that! And just that! He couldn't get his mind off of it. \"I can't believe this.\" Katherine mumbled in shock. \"I'm a horrible person.\" Nathan announced and set down. He hated himself! Why was he still alive...he deserved to be dead! \"Don't talk that way.\" Katherine warned him immediately. \"You did nothing wrong. He was trying to kill you. That man murdered Gant, he was definitely not a victim.\" She came closer to Algren, trying to brighten him up a little bit. \"I made that woman into a widow and her sons into orphans.\" Nathan stated sharply, his eyes filled with sorrow and regret. \"How can she still care for me? She should've poisoned me by now. These people are so odd and so strange.\" Algren growled in frustration. \"Which is why we need to find away and escape.\" Katherine announced determined, her hands flying to her hips. \"It's not possible...not anymore.\" Algren shook his head. \"I guess we just have to wait for Spring. But Katherine, I promise as long as I am here...no one and I mean no one will hurt you.\" He told her gently, his finger tips brushing her cheeks gently. \"You're giving up already?\" Katherine questioned, as she moved away from his touch. \"There's nothing we can do except wait for the arrival of Spring.\" \"So, you just want us to accept our fate and be prisoners?\" Katherine argued, her eyes fumed with anger. Was he serious? She trusted Nathan the most and this is what he had in mind? To just give up and mope around? She did not expect this! \"Katherine, listen to me.\" Algren stood up, placing his hands on her shoulders. \"There's no way out, we won't be able to escape. If anything, we'll anger the samurai and who knows what they'll do to us. You need to understand that we got lucky. Let's just do as they say and get to know our enemies as Katsumoto wants. In the Spring, the passes will open up and we'll get out of here.\" He tried to explain the situation reasonably to her. Of course, deep down Nathan didn't fancy the idea of being stuck in this place either but what else could he do? He was not a magician...and he sure as hell knew that crossing the line with the samurai was probably a bad idea especially, if they tried to escape. \"What if we won't get out of here? What if they're lying?!\" Katherine exclaimed furiously. \"I don't want to be here! I hate these people, I hate this place and I hate you!\" She cried out in sheer anger and stormed out, picking her skirts and running towards the rice fields. She had been keeping her emotions for so long! She needed an outlet...an outburst! Katherine was so angry at everything! Yes, she was being childish by throwing a temper tantrum, but she couldn't care less...she had been through so much! She deserved to be mad! \"Katherine!\" Algren called after her however, he received no response whatsoever.[Chapter 22] Chapter 22 Fragile Flower Katherine had reached the very height of her breaking point! She ran as fast as she could, her skirts flying around. It didn't matter where she was going, she just needed to get out of there as soon as possible. She wanted be free! Tears leaked down her cheeks as she marched up a big hill. The weather had quickly changed and now the dark clouds were covering once a clear sky. It was as if the nature was cooperating with how Katherine was feeling at the moment. The rumbling sounds of thunder was heard over the horizon. Katherine was not thinking straight, she was being overly emotional and all she wanted to do was just disappear. She approached a small wooden well on the other side of the fields. Suddenly, the rain started to pour like buckets of water, soaking her in the process. Unable to hold it in anymore, Katherine fell down by the well and just burst out crying. She wanted to die! This was crazy! She trusted Nathan and even he had left her all alone in this horrible place! There was no guarantee that Katsumoto would release them once the Spring came. They were stuck here for good! And that wasn't even the worst part...the worst thing for her was that she was feeling completely and utterly alone. It was like as if no one cared about her anymore. She'd rather die than live that way. She was abandoned by everyone and left with the unknown and strange people. Katherine couldn't even rely on Taka's kindness anymore...she was probably faking it all along and waited for the perfect opportunity to avenge the death of her husband. Why couldn't she just die and be rid of this misery? She kept on crying in the pouring rain until she was very tired and warn out. Ujio was pleased with the day's successful training. He was always rather strict and demanding when it came to kendo practices but then again, that's what made him the best teacher and the strongest samurai warrior. Sure, the afternoon was little bit ruined for him when he saw that disgusting swine alive and well. However, as a whole...he was proud of the day's accomplishments. Ujio was just heading home when it started to rain like crazy. Part of him was still deeply concerned about the vision he had couple of days ago. The white horse? What did it mean? He was debating whether to inform Katsumoto on this...maybe, he would find some answers. But every time he thought about asking him, he just changed his mind last minute. Ujio had to figure it out himself; after all, the vision came to him and him only! He was walking in a leisurely manner, the rain was in no way rushing him. He was actually enjoying the cold and lonely evening in the village. He needed some peace and quiet after the overly busy day. His tranquil and calm solitude didn't last too long, as soon as he reached wooden well, he noticed someone there. Ujio took a good look and recognized the person...it was that girl! That sharp tongued and disrespectful gaijin brat! What was she doing here? Why was she here all alone? And where on earth was her 'protector' Nobutada? Or her precious American dog? Wait a second...was she crying? Ujio could hear her whimpers very well, he huffed uncomfortably, debating whether to stay or leave. The girl didn't notice him yet...so he had time to go away without saying anything. But small part of him, couldn't just abandon her. Besides, who knew what she'd do? Maybe she wanted to run away or something. And why was she crying? Ujio shook his head, a tiny smirk appearing on his face. She was so young and immature in some ways. And also looked so innocent and fragile like this...like a flower. He roughly cleared his throat and immediately, Katherine's jumped up in fright, surprised expression crossing her delicate features when she noticed the samurai before her. \"Woman!\" He barked at her sternly. \" What are you doing?\" Great...just what she needed! This man was the last person she wanted to see right now. No! Actually, she didn't want to see him at all...never! Ever! \"Does it matter?\" She asked, wiping her tears away. \" I wish you would just kill me and end my misery already!\" She exclaimed recklessly, earning an amused expression from Ujio. She was a typical western girl, who was probably spoiled from head to toe all her life...no wonder being here, amongst the samurai, seemed like the end of the world to her. \"I'm not going to waste my katana on you.\" Ujio said proudly, and crossed his arms. \"Just because I'm a woman?\" Katherine asked in irritation. \" You're not a woman...you're a girl.\" Ujio corrected, knowing that it would annoy her even more. Katherine rolled her eyes and huffed angrily. \"Just leave me alone!\" She exclaimed furiously. \" I want nothing to do with you, or anyone else in this village! I despise you! You make me sick...bunch of murderers!\" \"Well, if you haven't noticed...I'm not exactly fond of you or your swine either!\" Ujio raised his voice in agitation. How dare she speak to him that way?! Maybe he would use his katana on her after all. What a foolish girl! Why was she pushing him like this? No! He wouldn't let her get to him...she was a mere child! Katherine knew she was testing the fury of the scariest samurai, but she couldn't care less. What could possibly be worse? She wanted to die! She didn't want to be with these people even for a second. \"So then kill me! And let's get this over with!\" She walked closer to him, absolutely determined, her voice was not shaking either. Ujio stared at her in shock and complete puzzlement. Wow, she really was crazy and out of her mind. But he also knew that she was just angry and frustrated, so therefore, kept throwing fits of hysterics. Yet another sign that she was very young and inexperienced in life. \"What are you waiting for? Just kill me!\" Katherine yelled, after she received no response from Ujio whatsoever and started crying once more. Why? Why him? Ujio sighed. He never asked for this! Nobutada was the one charged with baby-sitting her...not him! But he simply couldn't leave her out in the rain, and strangely enough...he felt kind of sorry for her. It was so unusual for him...but he did. Without another word, he grabbed her by the arm and dragged her towards Taka's house. \"Let me go!\" Katherine protested, she still had the heart to argue with the bravest samurai. Ujio was actually pretty impressed with the way she spoke their language. Granted, he didn't give her much credit at first...but she was peculiar. Unmoved with her words, Ujio quickly shrugged it off and led her away. No matter what, she was his lord's guest...he couldn't just leave her out there. Katherine reluctantly followed the man, part of her surprised at herself for having the guts to protest him, but she continued to fight him on this. \"Alright! Listen here...stop disgracing yourself!\" Ujio's temper burst at last. \" Your behaviour is shameful!\" He spat in fury, causing Katherine to stop and stare at him in silence. \" What are you some kind of a fragile flower?!\" Katherine gazed at him with her piercing eyes, unable to respond. Alright, maybe...she didn't think this through. Or maybe she just needed to end her torment herself... recklessly she reached out to grab Ujio's sheathed sword but the samurai was faster and he caught her strongly by the arm. This time, Ujio was no longer playing around, he was genuinely mad! She crossed the line big time. Nobody touches his sword! Nobody! Managed to add another chapter! Thanks for all the reviews![Chapter 23] Chapter 23 Accepting Fate \"Are you insane?!\" Ujio exclaimed at her furiously, grabbing her hands so roughly that she couldn't move anymore. \" You stupid chicken! HOW DARE YOU?!\" He shouted, his eyes were so flushed with rage, that it almost threw sprinkles of fire. He couldn't believe this was actually happening. This foolish girl indeed had a death wish! No one ever had nerves to even think about touching something so private that belonged only to him! And now this ridiculously stupid foreigner girl, with a brain of a chicken, actually dared to do such a thing? No! He had enough! \"Then kill me yourself!\" Katherine insisted, as tears kept rolling down her cheeks. She had given up on everything. She had no desire to continue her miserable existence anymore. \" Please, please kill me!\" She begged, her voice shaking as she fell on her knees. Ujio stared at her in disbelief. She had lost her mind. He swallowed hard, not knowing what to make of this complicated situation. Ugh, women! Where the hell was Nobutada? He was the one who had to deal with this mess of a girl...not him! For the first time, he felt completely useless and incapable. He had never in his entire life been in such a complex circumstance before. This was just way too much even for a samurai like Ujio! He sighed heavily, as he gazed down at the weak form of the girl before him, who was asking for death. \"I know that deep down in that...stoned heart of yours, you have some feelings.\" Katherine insisted. \" Have mercy on me and end my misery. Please!\" She appealed with a loud sob. Honestly, at this point, Katherine was not thinking straight at all. Her mind was blank! And all she could think about was the fact that she was stuck in a horrible place where there was no way out. She didn't want to be a captive all her life! She wanted to at least die in peace. That was the moment where Ujio realized just how frightened and distressed this so-called 'brave' girl was. Well, to be fair, she was kind of courageous for having the guts to challenge him and even reach out for his sword. But then again, that made her more foolish than brave. Ujio took a deep breath. He had never been this unsure and nervous about anything in his life. He was actually going to do the impossible...something that he had never done before! Ugh, this seemed so hard to him compared to the horrible battles he fought. But he had to do it! How long were they planning on staying outside in this soaking and cold rain? Ujio slowly and gently knelt down and came closer to Katherine. \" Listen to me, and listen well!\" He started, his voice little too rough for his own liking. \" I will not tolerate this shameful display.\" He spoke in a collected and calm manner, his voice actually calming the hysterical Katherine, who stopped crying and met his gaze. \" Your behaviour is not acceptable. As much as I dislike you and the American pig...even I have to admit that nothing bad will come upon you. How can you ask me to end your life? You are the guest of my lord.\" \"So you're saying that you'll let us go in the Spring?\" Katherine asked softly, looking like an innocent flower now more than ever. Ujio smirked in amusement at how childish she sounded right now. \" That's up to my lord. He will make that decision. If that's what Katsumoto said, then it's true. Samurai never break their promise.\" \"So I should trust your word?\" Katherine asked in complete surprise. She couldn't believe this was the same scary black samurai she had faced many times before. He looked and sounded so different. He spoke to her the way Nathan spoke to her earlier. His voice was calm, soothing, and relaxing. He was like a complete opposite of the warrior he was few minutes ago. Ujio himself couldn't believe that he was capable of being so gentle and kind to some foreigner. He was actually shocked and impressed with himself and ability. \" You don't have a choice. Either way, you and your American dog are staying here till Spring. So, accept your fate and be strong.\" Katherine slowly wiped her tears, as she started realizing just how reckless and ridiculous she was being few minutes ago. Maybe this...barbarian was right. She couldn't give up so easily whenever life through challenges at her. She needed to become stronger and much more calm in the face of adversity. Besides, it wasn't like it was the end of the world. She was just going to stay with the Samurai for a certain period of time. And she wasn't alone either. Katherine had Nathan, who had promised her that he would take care of her no matter what. Also, the samurai no longer seemed so horrifying to her. They were humans...with feelings, believe it or not. It was this, and the way Ujio spoke to her, that made Katherine understand just how foolish she was. She slowly nodded at him in agreement and stood up, just realizing how cold and wet she was out in the rain. Once Ujio noticed that he had calmed the girl down...to his surprise. He got up from his knees as well. For once he didn't scare to death anyone but instead, made them relax and reconsider their reckless decision. He didn't know how to feel. It was rather embarrassing for him...but he did this for his lord Katsumoto. After all, he needed the girl alive, she was valuable! Her knowledge of their language was just perfect and spotless. However, part of Ujio didn't want to admit it, but he did this for himself as well. Strangely enough, he didn't want her to get killed. She was way too pretty to die like that. Hold it! What?! Since when did she become 'pretty' to him? Before anything else could happen, Nobutada appeared out of nowhere. He was soaked as well, and panted heavily. Apparently, the poor fellow had run around the whole village in search for Katherine. \"Kitty! Where were you?\" Despite everything, he managed to say it in a collected and disciplined voice, even though he was not pleased with her behavior at all. \" You aren't allowed to wonder around without me!\" \" I'm sorry. It won't happen again.\" Katherine said carefully, as she started walking back to Taka's house. Nobutada glanced at Ujio curiously, asking him with his expressions if something had happened. Ujio shook his head and decided to keep the day's occurrence to himself. Without further questions, Nobutada followed Katherine and Ujio headed towards his own house. \"I'm really sorry, Nathan. My behavior was simply preposterous.\" Katherine apologized to her friend, once back inside. She was currently in the room that for now belonged to Algren. \"It's alright, Kitty.\" Nathan told her gently. \"The important thing is that you're safe.\" He smiled in relief. \"I don't know what came upon me.\" Katherine ran her hands in her wet curls. \"I broke down.\" \"I know exactly how you felt.\" Algren said thoughtfully. He was experienced when it came to stress and sudden recklessness. From the beginning, he knew that Katherine was too young, too inexperienced, too feminine, sweet and delicate to face such troubles. However, what was done was done. Now they needed to stick together and be strong enough to deal with their unusual situation. \"Katherine, we need each other to stay sane. I promise, we'll get out of here alive and well.\" Nathan assured soothingly, as he walked bit closer to her. \"Thank you, Nathan.\" Katherine sighed and hugged him suddenly. \"I trust you.\" She whispered softly, as Algren wrapped his hands around her waist. \"I'm glad that I'm not alone.\" She continued and gazed at him with her sea green eyes. \"So am I.\" Algren admitted with a soft smile. His eyes fixed on hers, as he cupped his one hand on the side of her cheek and their lips came closer and closer. This time, instead of breaking it off before going too far, both Katherine and Nathan gave in and pressed their lips together. What followed afterwards, was much more passionate. Nathan deepened the kiss, as Katherine reached out to unbutton his shirt.[Chapter 24] Chapter 24 Uncertainty \"I'm sorry...\" Algren pulled away suddenly. \"I can't do this.\" He broke off the passionate display and turned away with a deep sigh. He couldn't bring himself to go too far. Katherine was beautiful, clever and he was attracted to her. But no! Algren had given his word to Simon Graham that he would personally protect and care for his daughter. Somehow, he doubted that the Englishman would've been thrilled to hear that his only daughter had been frolicking around with some guilt-ridden alcoholic. Besides, this was probably pure lust. Algren was not a marrying type! No way, sir! Katherine just started to realize what she'd been doing mere seconds ago. Did she completely lose her mind? Why didn't she stop herself sooner? What was she thinking? \"I know, we- um.. we got carried away.\" She answered with uncertainty, as she let go of Nathan's shirt. This should not have happened. It seemed like the two of them got caught up in the moment. Katherine bit her lip uncomfortably, and brushed her stray lock aside. \"I-uh...I should go.\" She told him reluctantly, as Algren met her sparkling eyes and nodded softly. Well, that's one way to make things super awkward. She thought to herself, as she carefully slid the door open and exited Nathan's room, heading straight towards the chamber that now temporally belonged to her. Thankfully, neither Taka or Nobutada were seen and Katherine quickly entered the small room and lay down on the stiff bamboo mat. This would be a tough night for her. What was up with her? Why on earth did she engage in such an activity with her father's boss. To be fair though, Algren was so much than that now. The latest horrible and tragic events with no doubt brought her and Algren quite closer to one another. But despite all that, today they had crossed a line. She had crossed a line! Katherine was ashamed of her own behavior...ugh, she messed up! Now things would become weird with her and the only person who had her back in this godforsaken wasteland. Why did she kiss him? Yes, he was charming in some ways...but why kiss him? Since when did she develop those kind of feelings towards him? Nathan Algren with no doubt, was the most fascinating man she had ever encountered. However, how dare she allow herself to go thus far? It was beyond Katherine's understanding. This was a shameful behavior! But with that being said, it wasn't entirely her fault. Nathan was the one who made the first move...so what else was she supposed to do? Katherine tossed and turned uncontrollably, her mind was occupied with these things and no matter how hard she tried, she kept on having uncertain feelings about everything. The interesting part was that her thoughts were so deeply engrossed with what she and Nathan had done couple of minutes ago, that she completely forgot how the proudest, scariest and the toughest samurai had gently calmed her down that rainy evening when she tried to end her life. The next day was extra gloomy, cloudy and rain kept on falling without any breaks and pity. The villagers didn't seem to mind; for them, it was a natural autumn day of their country. Katherine set close to the window, her mother's diary was on her laps as she thought hard on what to write in it. It was a quiet and a lonely morning, the clouds were all dark and unpredictable. She started to shiver a little bit, the winter was creeping slowly and yet visibly. Again, part of her was feeling very uneasy and quite frankly, unhappy that she was going to be stuck in this place for so long! Taka was already up getting breakfast ready, her two sons were also quietly following their mother, trying to help her with whatever she needed. It was fascinating how small and yet mature the older boy, Higen was. Magojiro, the younger brother, cheerful grinned when he noticed Katherine in the parlour. \" Kitty, will you play with me?\" The tiny boy asked, his eyes all wide and innocent. \" It's rainy outside.\" Katherine told him hesitantly, glancing towards where Taka stood. Things had changed. She no longer felt comfortable even with the children. After all, their father was dead because of Algren. Who knows how upset their mother was. What if Taka really hated her and Nathan? But then again, she never showed any kind of animosity towards them. She indeed treated them both as guests in her house. \" Magojiro,\" Taka called softly. \" Don't bother the girl. Come with me.\" She spoke in her usual sweet and relaxing voice. The boy, although displeased at first, ran after his mother and the two disappeared somewhere Katherine assumed was the kitchen. Higen stayed behind, he head a scroll in his hands and kept on writing something on his small table. Katherine glanced at him curiously. With no doubt, this boy had been trained from an early age to control and conceal his emotions. He was the next generation of the samurai warriors. Every time she remembered that his father had died because of them, her heart ached. War was an ugly thing! Taking away brothers, husbands, sons, and fathers. Higen met her gaze and a shy smile appeared on his face. Slowly, he stood up and left the room as well, taking the scrolls with him. He probably went to join his brother and mother. Katherine looked down at her journal once more. Honestly, she didn't know where to start. So many things had befallen her after the last time she wrote in it. She sighed heavily, as she remembered the night's events with Algren. She was starting to question her own intentions and feelings. In some ways, she was inexperienced in such things. The only boy she ever liked and had been sweet on was her childhood friend, Henry. But that went away as soon as they grew up. Although, Henry still insisted that he loved her and wanted to marry her. Of course, Katherine declined his offer because she didn't feel the same way. But what was up with her now? What she had with Nathan wasn't love now was it? Things were becoming so confusing for her! This uncertainty that she felt ate her alive! She couldn't rest or concentrate on anything else. Finally, she gave up and stood. Nathan was still in his chamber, probably asleep. It was quite early in the morning. She didn't want to see him right now. Katherine walked outside on the porch as the rain continued to soak everything and everyone. She was not getting wet thanks to the small roof above the wooden porch. She turned a corner and confronted a curious sight. Ten warriors kneeled, motionless on the ground, their eyes closed in concentration, nothing seemed to distract them not even the pouring rain. As Katherine puzzled over this, she became aware that someone was standing next to her now. \"They're training.\" Katsumoto said, and Katherine met his gaze in surprise. What was he doing here? Then she remembered that Taka was his sister, so why wouldn't he come for a visit? Especially, now that she had his 'guests' in her house. \"Training what?\" She asked curiously. \"Their minds. It's called bushido...\" Katsumoto answered, proud that he was actually speaking with her in English and she understood his words clearly. Katherine raised her eyebrows. She had an idea of what 'bushido' was...some sort of code for the samurai. But she wasn't entirely sure of its meaning. Katsumoto noticed the girl's confused expression. \"The way of the warrior. We study from a young age. Are my words correct?\" He asked, eager to know what an experienced linguist like Katherine would think of his accomplishments. Katherine did not respond. She stared at him, unsure and uncertain as to why the leader of the samurai made conversation with her. \"I will practice my English with you.\" Katsumoto calmly spoke up once more. \"You said that you would help me.\" \"Why do you learn English?\" Katherine blurted suddenly. She was actually very curious to know. Why would the great samurai like him want to learn her language and spend time with her? Didn't he have a rebellion to lead or something? \"To know my enemy.\" Katsumoto replied simply. He was enjoying the conversation with this clever girl. He had never encountered such a bold young woman before...someone who was willing to debate him. Since Katsumoto didn't seem to mind her questions, Katherine decided to give herself permission and ask more challenging things. \"If I am your enemy, why have you not killed me?\" She was genuinely curious to know the real reason. The leader of the warriors paused, not giving her a reply. He liked this western girl. She was bright and clever, even though also quite young and inexperienced. \"Was General Hasegawa your enemy?\" She asked again, when receiving no response from the samurai. \"No. I honor his memory as my friend and comrade.\" Katsumoto answered, his voice was as calmed and disciplined as Nobutada's. Like father like son. \"That's why you helped him kill himself?\" Katherine continued to ask questions. It's not everyday the Samurai lord decides to answer you. \" If a samurai is defeated in battle, he must take his own life to spare himself the shame of capture. It is required that his kaishaku his trusted friend, help him. I was honored to be his kaishaku.\" Katsumoto explained in Japanese. \"So much for this honor...\" Katherine muttered in English and shook her head. \"It was his destiny. He knew it, he died at peace.\" Katsumoto stated in her language. \"We all have to fulfill our destiny.\" With that, the Samurai lord turned and left Katherine's presence as he joined the warriors in the fields. Katherine had so much to learn and understand about these strange and unusual people. After all, she was staying with them till Spring. No matter what, confused and uncertain feelings were not leaving her mind. She started to wonder and question what her own destiny had in store for her. Thanks for all the support! It means a lot! As you noticed I want my original character to be as realistic as possible. I want to point out her strong parts and weak parts. Her struggle to adapt and adjust to the strange place she found herself thrown in. It wouldn't be easy for a young English lady to find peace in the village so easily. I hope I am not dragging things too slowly. I just want to take my time.[Chapter 25] Chapter 25 Unfamiliar Feelings Katherine stood on the porch for couple of more minutes. She longingly gazed at the sky that for now was covered with dark clouds. Rain continued to fall rapidly, it was getting quite chilly and Katherine could no longer resist the warmth of the house and decided to go inside. Her head was pounding...so many things had happened to her. If wasn't easy to just up and forget where she belonged. How could she get used to this place? It was so different, so odd, and unpleasant. She had absolutely no desire to stay in this unusual village. Katherine couldn't help but wonder how long she'd be able to last with the samurai. It didn't matter how politely they treated her. She just wanted to go home! She had a strong desire to embrace her father and hear him say that everything was going to be alright. Maybe that's why she had crossed the line with Nathan the other day. Maybe, she just felt lonely and wanted someone to comfort her. As Katherine was still in her thoughts, she entered the house only to find Algren wondering around. He was patiently waiting for her. So much for trying to avoid him! \"Katherine, I-ah...I'd like to talk about what happened yesterday.\" He said, and slowly approached her. Algren knew that he was being little too quick with all this, but now was the perfect time to solve everything. No one was there except for them. Taka and the children were still in the kitchen fussing around breakfast and Nobutada...well, who knows were he was. And it's not like Algren cared about the young samurai's whereabouts. The important thing was that they were alone and could talk about the incident that occurred last night. \"Alright, let's talk.\" Katherine nodded, and nervously glanced around the area. The two of them calmly made their way towards the window and Algren took a deep breath. Honestly, he didn't know where to begin. \"I'm sorry about what happened.\" He started, as Katherine shyly looked down the floor, not wanting to lock eyes with him. \"I let my emotions get in the way.\" He continued gently, and Katherine slowly gazed up and met his gaze. \"Your emotions?\" She asked surprised. \"You are beautiful...\" The American officer admitted with a sigh. He thought he could handle this 'talk' at first, but now he wasn't so sure. The truth was, Nathan really liked her, he believed he might even have feelings for her. However, this was not possible. \"I think any man who will have the honor to marry you, will be the luckiest guy...\" Katherine was confused. Where was he going with this? \"Nathan, are you confessing your love?\" She asked bluntly. Katherine had no time for games, she needed to know what was going on between them or else, things would get very awkward and that's the last thing she needed especially, when the two where in captivity. \"That's the thing...I, uh I don't know.\" He sighed in frustration. \"What I do know is that I can't take advantage of you like that. It's all my fault. You were vulnerable and-\" \"Wait, stop!\" Katherine exclaimed firmly and crossed her arms. \"This wasn't your fault entirely...I mean, I too happen to have these feelings. \" She admitted timidly. \"No, you can't.\" Algren stated firmly. \"You're bright, beautiful, and young. You don't want someone like me.\" He said with a disappointed tone in his voice. \"How do you know what I want?\" Katherine raised her eyebrows. \"You don't know me.\" \"And you don't know me. If we had finished what we started last night, we would both regret it forever.\" \"You would regret it?\" Katherine was little bit offended with his words. \"Katherine, I know you don't realize this now...but I don't deserve you. I'm nothing but a drunkard...you don't want me. We just got caught up in the moment.\" Algren explained calmly, as he uncomfortably twitched his jaw. He was actually quite fascinated with this girl however, at the same time, he knew that this was temporary. The two of them were lonely...that's all. \"I couldn't take advantage of you like that.\" Nathan continued responsibly, and Katherine suddenly had an urge to kiss him again. She didn't care what anyone said, it felt right to her. She needed someone to comfort her, to make her worries go away...at least for a little bit. She went up and gently brushed her lips on his. \"Katherine, no.\" Algren turned around, only to meet Taka's eyes. She was standing across hall and looked quite surprised with what she had seen few seconds ago. Both of the westerners froze upon noticing the gentle woman. \" Come with me, Kitty.\" She spoke softly after few minutes of silence. Katherine cleared her throat, uncomfortably glanced at Algren, and then reluctantly followed the Japanese woman quietly. With no doubt, she had seen the affectionate display of her western 'guests'. But as always, Taka acted like nothing had happened at all. Katherine wasn't surprised. Algren had murdered her husband, and she had been keeping it for so long. Taka was probably used to it by now. Katherine couldn't help but feel sorry for her. She disliked these people, but no matter how much she tried, she just couldn't bring herself to despise Taka. She was just way too gentle and kind. Even though, Katherine convinced herself that Taka probably wanted to silently avenge her husband, she still couldn't help but admire how graceful and nobel this woman was. Taka led her to one of the chambers, and Katherine started to assume that the room might've belonged to Taka herself. Once inside, the Japanese woman presented fresh clothes before her and forced a small smile on her thin lips. \" You'll dress in this.\" She spoke up and showed Katherine the simple dark blue kimono that she was supposed to wear. \"Alright, but I think I'll need your help with it.\" She replied casually and Taka nodded at her knowingly. Katherine reached out to unbutton her dress, and slowly she slipped out of it. Her corset and underclothes were always the tricky part, Taka already knew that and she aided her with taking them off. \"You love him?\" She finally asked, and Katherine stared at her in astonishment. Taka had never ever been a curious or a gossip-loving woman. If anything, she preferred not to interfere with other people's business. But somehow, her foreign 'guests' got the best of her. She couldn't take it any longer and at last blurted out the question. \"We're...I-uh.\" Katherine paused unsurely. She wasn't ready to answer that question because she herself had no idea what she was feeling. Taka continued helping her, as Katherine slowly put on a white cotten top and skirt...it was apparently the undergarment of a kimono. \" He is my friend.\" She managed to respond to Taka. Taka didn't say anything, as she gently placed and adjusted a white collar around Katherine's neck. \" I guess, I love him.\" Katherine admitted to her. \" He is the only one I've got in this...place.\" Taka didn't need her explanations anymore. She understood what the girl meant. \" Don't be afraid, no one will hurt you. My brother made sure of it.\" Katherine met the kind woman's honest eyes. \" I know about your husband,\" She paused, trying to remember the name. \" Hirotaro...I'm sorry.\" Taka's eyes started to fill up with tears, clearly she was still in so much pain. \" It's not your doing. You're just a translator.\" She managed in a choky voice. Katherine wanted to say more to her, but it was too soon. Besides, she was probably bringing sad memories for her. So she decided to keep silent for now. Once Taka was finished helping Katherine with the traditional attire, the two women calmly walked back to where Algren was. Katherine had her hair pulled up in a bun and her dress was surprisingly comfortable and warm. Anything was better than her overbearing corset. Nobutada had been outside all morning. He was practicing and perfecting his mounted archery since the early dawn. The pouring rain did not scare him or any other samurai warriors. Training was training! And he would get it done! Besides, Nobutada needed the distraction badly. Lately, all he could think about was that...girl. He was so ashamed of how weak he had become, but he couldn't control his feelings. It was sickening! If his father knew, he would probably be so disappointed in him. This was ridiculous! Why was this girl in his mind? Even when he closed his eyes to meditate, she would appear before him with her sparkling eyes. Quite frankly, Nobutada was so annoyed with himself. And it wasn't like he could suddenly forget her. She was in his care! In some ways,...she belonged to him. Nobutada became so angry whenever he remembered Kitty's words. She regarded him as her sworn enemy, she feared him, and probably hated him. This should not have bothered him at all. And yet, it did! It did! And this drove him crazy! He finally returned back to Taka's house, all soaked and wet from staying in the rain for so long. With a deep breath he entered, hoping that somehow he would manage to control his unfamiliar and unusual feelings he was having. Nobutada had come just in time for breakfast. Taka greeted him sweetly, and in her usual calm and balanced voice told him to dry himself. Katherine and Algren were kneeling down at the small wooden table, waiting for their breakfast together with Higen and Magojiro. Both Higen and Algren were awfully quiet. Little Magojiro playfully kept talking to Katherine and asking her all sorts of questions; about birds, animals, different seasons, and most importantly, about her. He marvelled at Katherine's sea colored eyes. The small boy had never seem anything like that before. Even Higen gazed at her curiously. Katherine calmly replied to the boys' questions while Algren felt uncomfortable. He was out of place. He didn't understand anything they were saying and whenever he looked at Taka, guilt was eating him alive. It was unbelievable! Soon afterwards, Taka re-entered and came back with Nobutada who locked eyes with Katherine. He stared at her attire in disbelief. Wait, wasn't she the one who threw those clothes away and acted all immature about it? How did Taka manage to convince her? Although, she did look good in it. But Nobutada still preferred her western dress that she used to wear. It's been a while since Katherine had last seen Katsumoto's son. After their last conversation, he seemed more distant and cold towards her. She could no longer see warmth in his eyes...in reality, they were still there. It's just Nobutada tried hard to conceal his emotions especially after the 'enemy' remark. Without further chats, they set down at the table and ate in silence. Occasionally, Magojiro would try to open his mouth and bubble again, but Taka managed to quiet his son. \" When will you make him take that bath we discussed earlier?\" Taka asked her nephew regarding Algren, once the breakfast was over. She was washing the dishes. \" Soon. I promise.\" The rain had seized to fall at last, and now Algren was the one standing on the porch, breathing the fresh air. He had a strong urge to write something in his own journals...but he had lost them in the battle apparently. Few minutes later, Katherine appeared again. She glanced at the silent samurai who stood close by, keeping a sharp eye on the American captive. \"Nathan,\" she called. \"Yes?\" \"It's not up to you to tell me who I should love.\" Katherine announced confidently. \"What happened between us...was unexpected. But I-\" \"You don't love me, Katherine.\" Algren interrupted. He was experienced in such things and knew that Katherine was young and infatuated. She was most definitely not in love. \"You just want someone to comfort you. Don't mistaken that for love.\" Katherine stared at Nathan quietly. She was not sure about her feelings and nothing was certain, but one thing was clear; she wanted to feel safe and loved again. \"Maybe, you're right.\" Katherine admitted softly. \"I could use a hug.\" She sighed and Nathan walked up to her and the two embraced. It was obvious, the two of them needed this tranquility more than ever. This time, it was Nobutada who arrived on the scene. He cleared his throat in irritation and the two westerners broke off their fond embrace. \" Take him to the springs. He needs to bathe.\" He ordered the silent samurai, who was charged to guard the American. The elder man bowed in respect and motioned Algren to go with him. Algren glanced at Katherine questionably. \"It's alright, they're taking you to bathe.\" Katherine interpreted Nobutada's words to him. \"I don't feel comfortable leaving you here.\" Algren spoke up and gazed at Katsumoto's son in suspicion. \"Nathan, I'll be fine.\" Katherine told him firmly and pushed Algren to go. \"Go take a bath! You stink!\" She exclaimed in a playful manner, and Algren had no other choice but to give in. He finally left with the silent samurai, and the sun slowly started to peak as the clouds cleared up at last. \" You do not wonder around unless escorted.\" Nobutada spoke up, once the two were left alone and Katherine stared at him intently. She knew that he was referring to her outburst the other day, when she ran off all alone and attempted to kill herself. \" I know, it won't happen again.\" Katherine replied obediently. \"Ujio didn't hurt you...did he?\" Nobutada asked, and then mentally kicked himself for showing how much he cared. Katherine met his gaze in surprise. She couldn't believe that he would care about such things. But then again, it was his job. He was appointed to guard her and keep her safe. \" No, he...he was kind to me.\" Katherine answered, as she remembered how differently the tough samurai had spoken to her that rainy evening. He had made her realize how important it was to never give up. Nobutada raised his eyebrows in puzzlement. Since when was Ujio kind to the western captives? Did he miss anything?[Chapter 26] Chapter 26 A Lesson To Remember The evening approached, the sun already started to set way early, the leaves continued to fall, it was the beginning of October, and Nathan wondered what Katsumoto had planned for him and Katherine. He was relaxed and refreshed from the bath he took earlier. Nathan sighed and grunted a little bit, his shoulder was not completely healed yet and from time to time, pain returned to him. The door slid open, and Nathan met Katherine's bright eyes that were lighting up the fairly dark room he was in. \"Hey,\" Katherine started gently, kneeling down to where he was sitting. \"I want to thank you for everything you've been doing for me up until now.\" She said with a smile tucking her lips. \"I didn't do anything, Katherine.\" Algren answered, little bit disappointed that he couldn't get her out of this village. Why did the passes freeze so soon?! \"Don't be hard on yourself, what's done is done. We can't change the past.\" She told him in comfort, trying her best to stay positive and strong. Katherine wanted to face her fears, become courageous and somehow survive in this village. \"I hope whatever happened with us, won't change anything. I'd hate to lose you as a friend.\" Algren admitted after a while. \"Nathan, we only have each other here.\" Katherine replied with a mischievous glare. \"It's not like I have any other options.\" She joked with a small giggle, and Algren couldn't help but laugh out loud. \"Fair enough, Miss Graham.\" He replied in a playful manner. When was the last time two of them laughed like this? \"And you were right...\" Katherine became all serious again. \"I was feeling very lonely...and maybe even needy. I guess I just wanted to be loved again.\" She sighed as she tried to explain where she was coming from when she decided to kiss him. \"I understand.\" Algren replied with a soft nod. \"But you aren't alone here, I won't leave you. We're together in this.\" He encouraged, reaching out to wrap his arm around her. \"Promise me that if I won't find a suitable match in England, you'll marry me and we settle down in America.\" Katherine announced with a teasing smile. She didn't know what love was or how it felt. But she did know that Algren was the only man she trusted after her father. It was crazy because she didn't know much about him. Maybe, she was just a little girl infatuated with Nathan Algren's heroic acts rather than a person. Who knows really! \"I promise.\" Nathan laughed and a huge grin spread across his face. Katherine gently rested her head on his shoulder, as the two enjoyed their relaxing evening together. They were silent for a longest amount of time, until Katherine decided that it was the perfect opportunity for her to get to know him better. \"Nathan, would you mind telling me about your nightmares? What kind of horrific crime did you commit that made you feel so guilty?\" Algren took a deep breath as the memories rushed in his mind once more. \"I'm sorry Katherine, but I don't feel like talking about it. Not today.\" He replied softly, hoping that she would understand. \"Alright.\" Katherine nodded, slightly disappointed. But she saw that coming...maybe, one of these days, he would open up to her. After all, they were stuck in this place for so long, what else were they supposed to do with their time? \"You should go, get some rest.\" Nathan spoke up again and Katherine stood up in agreement. \"Goodnight.\" He told her calmly, and Katherine stared back at him in sympathy. \"Nathan, Hirotaro's death is not your fault. He wanted to kill you, and you protected yourself.\" She told him, sensing that he was still feeling horrible about what had happened with the red samurai. \"Tell that to the woman in whose house we're living and her two sons.\" Algren responded skeptically, and Katherine decided that it would be better if she left him in peace for now. \" Kitty, please, please, play with me!\" Magojiro squealed the next morning, as Katherine tried to write updates in her mother's journal. The chubby toddler however, didn't rest for a second, he ran around the house, hauling like a wolf and yelling out playfully. Looks like the boy was in great spirits. Katherine gazed at him with her light eyes and a huge grin spread across her pretty features. \" Well, we need permission to go outside.\" She explained to the mischievous toddler. And Magojiro huffed, displeased with her answer. However, his face brightened up when Nobutada entered the house, who had just finished his training session. \" Nobu! Can Kitty play with me?\" The boy greeted and asked eagerly. As if his problem-solver had finally come to the rescue. Katherine shook her head. This boy was not giving up...was he? Nobutada smirked in amusement. \" She's not here to entertain you.\" Magojiro lowered his eyes, he didn't like what he was hearing so far. \" Why don't you play with Higen?\" Young samurai suggested, as he neared the little boy. \" I don't want to play with Higen, I want to play with Kitty!\" Magojiro exclaimed, and Katherine glanced up at him, unable to concentrate on her diary any longer. She couldn't help but smile at how determined this four year old was. She was debating whether to say something about it herself. But she decided to keep quiet for a bit. Nobutada grinned at Magojiro's answer. Looks like he wasn't the only one infatuated with this western girl. He locked eyes with her for second or two and then, turned his attention to his little, bossy cousin. \" Why is that?\" He asked in a calm manner. \" Because Kitty has pretty eyes!\" The boy stated innocently, and Nobutada couldn't help but agree with him on this one. Katsumoto's son paused, he didn't know how to answer him on this. Did Magojiro really win this argument? Nobutada glanced at Katherine and noticed that she had a smirk on her face. She couldn't believe it herself. How clever was this four year old? \" Magojiro,\" Taka called suddenly. \" come with me.\" The boy sighed, but nevertheless he couldn't say 'no' to his mother. That's one thing Katherine really admired about these children. They were very obedient and polite. He silently followed after his mother and waved his chubby hand at Katherine. \"I'll see you later.\" Katherine told him sweetly. \"He talks a lot for his age.\" Nobutada remarked after a while, and Katherine stared up at him intently. She was slowly realizing that these people were no different from her or Algren...if anything, they were way more reserved and respectful. It was so unusual for her. These warriors were the exact same people who slaughtered their enemies with a small movement of their sword. In battlefield they seemed like horrible monsters but here, they were just a normal villagers living in harmony and peace. Just few days ago, that Ujio fellow, the scariest samurai, had been gentle to her. He was the one that ordered her to be strong and inspired Katherine to start over, to look at things differently. Where was he, by the way? She wondered curiously. And Katsumoto? He was strange...but definitely not a monster. And to be fair, Katherine had been acting so ungrateful towards Nobutada. He had been nothing but civil and kind to her, just like Taka had been. So if she was willing to accept Taka...why couldn't she accept him? She was in his charge, after all. \"Nobutada,\" Katherine forced herself to talk to him. \" Thanks for looking out for me.\" She spoke softly and met his surprised expression. Did he hear her correctly? He had a strong urge to smile like a fool, but stopped himself and decided to settle for a small, acknowledging nod. There was silence for a while, until Katherine decided to speak up again. \"If you'll have time, would you mind showing me your village?\" She asked, determined to have an open mind and explore this strange place she was in. She'd be staying here until Spring at least, she needed to get to know her surroundings and these people. \" Of course, I'm sure you'll like it. It's a great place.\" Nobutada answered little to excitingly. He was glad that Katherine was finally trying to be civil towards him and his people. It was about time. Before Katherine could answer, Nathan appeared across hall as he ran his hands in his thick hair. \"Katherine, what's going on?\" He asked in concern, when he noticed the samurai standing before them. \"Would you like to explore the village?\" Katherine asked him brightly and Algren frowned. \"As I remember you didn't like it the first time we were there.\" \"Things are different now.\" Katherine beamed. \"Oh, please join me.\" \"You, come too.\" Nobutada struggled in English, as he motioned Algren to exit the doorway. \"Alright, alright.\" He gave in at last, and they made their way out of the house. It was beautiful day, so why not? Katherine and Algren followed Nobutada and the silent samurai curiously, as the two men led them through the small forest path and then into the village. Almost the whole day passed, as the four of them wondered around and explored every inch of their surroundings. Nobutada proudly showed them his place; as they passed, the villagers bowed at their leader's son in utter respect and politeness. Katherine smiled with much interest as she gazed at the skilled swordsmith in his hut. He diligently continued to hammer and fold the blade. Everything seemed peaceful. Last time Katherine was here in the village, she became very homesick and intimated. Now however, she was feeling differently. She was actually studying everything with much interest. No longer did she feel scorned by the people around her. Maybe it had something to do with the fact that Nobutada, the leader of the village was guiding them. She didn't care what it was. Katherine was just glad that she was not as weak as she thought. The fish were hung on dry lines, children chased each other playfully, the women washed their clothes in the river, and in the rice fields below, farmers worked hard for their harvest. Katherine was so confused. These people seemed to value nothing more but their families, and yet they kill defenseless wounded men with no remorse. She could tell that Algren himself was puzzled at these unusual people. The whole day went by very quickly, and soon enough it was already evening and the dark clouds had formed to cover the sky. Katherine realized that it was starting to rain again. Ugh, she was sick and tired of it. She was trying to debate if it was more rainy in London or here in the Autumn time. It was a good question... A growling thunder was heard, and the four of them decided to return to Taka's house at last. Couple of villagers grabbed umbrellas to cover themselves, some started to rush back inside, but the samurai warriors were still out training hard as ever. Katherine was little bit disappointed, she actually hoped to see Ujio in the village. She thought he deserved a 'thank you' for being so tolerant towards her when she acted so immature the other day. The rain started to fall hard, drenching everyone who stood outside with no cover. And Katherine was no exception. She was relieved to see that they had finally arrived at Taka's place. Neither Nobutada, Algren, or the silent samurai looked very eager to go inside. They stopped to watch Higen as he strongly practised his swordsmanship with a boy his age. They were sparring with their wooden swords, not even caring about getting wet in the rain. Katherine decided to stay as well, she was impressed with Higen's excellent skills. No wonder...he was the son of the fiercest warrior. Taka was also marvelling at his son from the porch, and Katherine slowly went up and stood beside her. At least the roof would shield her from getting more soaked. Higen continued to spar with his friend, and managed to knock the wooden sword right out of his hand and the pressed his own sword to the boy's neck. Higen smirked proudly at his accomplishment, and the other boy gave him a respectful nod. Nathan walked towards them very impressed and amused at their skills. \"Nicely done!\" He praised, picking up the sword and handing it back to the boy, but he bowed and backed away, refusing to take the sword from him. \" They may be children, but they're very strong.\" Nobutada stated with pride, his eyes shifting towards the western girl. Katherine smiled in response, as Nobutada spoke to Algren. \"You try.\" He encouraged and moved away a little bit. Katherine noticed how Taka slightly tensed at this...nevertheless, the two of them continued to watch the interesting scene. Katherine realized that Taka was nervous for her son. She had lost her husband because of this American, it was no wonder she became all nervous when he neared her dear boy. Higen charged at Algren, fighting very hard and giving it all he had. Algren however, just dogged his sword and swiped it before grabbing it with his bare hand. The boy struggled a little bit, while Algren just 'played' with him, not taking the fight seriously. This horrific display was witnessed by Ujio from a distance, and he was very furious! He couldn't believe his very own eyes. This unforgivable sight suddenly made his blood boil with pure hatred and anger. It was already terrible that Katsumoto had decided to keep the American swine alive, even after he cut down Hirotaro, one of his close friends. As if all of this wasn't enough, now Ujio was forced to see this shameful display?! What made this American swine think that he was worthy enough to grab a sword and challenge Hirotaro's son? And why were the others calmly staring at this? What was wrong with everyone? Didn't they realize that this brought shame to his friend's household? Now, he was going to teach this dirty dog a lesson to remember! He would put an end to such disgrace! Ujio angrily marched over to them, followed by Nakao and two other samurai. Nakao gulped awkwardly. Oh, boy! This wasn't going to end well. A sharp command from the tough samurai froze everyone. There was silence, and Katherine winced in fear when she noticed Ujio standing behind Algren, his arms folded. He was fuming! Katherine nervously bit her lower lip, she prayed this wouldn't end too badly. Who was she fooling? This was going to be a disaster! Ujio neared the American with a cold glare. Higen backed up immediately, clearing the way for him. Nathan on the other hand, slowly turned his face to the enraged samurai. They both had wooden swords in their hands. Sensing the terrifying tension, Katherine suddenly walked down the porch, recklessly making her way towards them, in hopes of defending her friend. Before she could do anything more stupid, Nobutada swiftly grabbed her shoulder and stared at her firmly. This wasn't her place or her fight. She needed to stay on the sidelines. She was a woman...a western woman at that. Katherine tensed, but obeyed the silent order. Nevertheless, Nobutada held her close, not wanting to let go off her just yet. She was unpredictable. Ujio noticed the girl's reaction and he remembered that the swine was also his lord's guest. He inhaled sharply, trying to stay sane. \" Put down the sword.\" He managed to say it somewhat calmly, and motioned him to drop the wooden sword on the ground. He was giving Algren a chance to submit and do as he was told. If he was smart, he'd obey the order. \"Nathan, drop the sword!\" Katherine translated with worry, but Algren did nothing and ignored her words. He was actually challenging Ujio! Was he insane? It was completely different when Katherine did it...she was a woman. But Algren?! Ujio hated his guts more than anyone's in the world. This was dangerous...very dangerous! Katherine wanted to make an advance, but Nobutada's grip hardened and she stopped. Her eyes and everyone's were intently watching the spectacle before them. Taka was very curious as well, she gently placed her hand on the doorway, her gaze fixed on Ujio and her husband's murderer. \" PUT IT DOWN!\" He exclaimed in fury. Still, Algren didn't move an inch. Katherine closed her eyes, she knew where this was heading and quite frankly, it terrified her and was unable to watch it. Ujio twitched his jaw angrily. Alright, this swine was asking for it! He was going to be put in his rightful place! He tried, he really tried to control himself...but this dog needed to be broken! Algren held up his wooden sword casually, there was a short pause, only his eyes betraying the tension of the moment. Ujio's wooden sword suddenly flushed like lightening, quicker than the eye could follow. Algren's sword was knocked from his hands, then somehow, in the same fluid movement, Ujio brought the sword around and cracked Algren across the chest hard enough to knock the breath from his body and lend him to his knees. Katherine bit her lip so hard, that it almost drew blood. She hoped that this was it... Satisfied with himself, Ujio started to walk away, but expressions of Nakao and two other samurai caused him to turn back. Algren was standing again and he had a wooden sword in his hands again. Katherine's heart was beating so fast, it almost jumped right out of her chest. With a grim purpose, Ujio returned to Algren, who had assumed a ready pose. Once more, Ujio flushed his sword, and the American managed to parry one blow, before he was cracked across the face, and blood began to flow freely from his nose. The tough samurai knocked Algren's legs out from under him, and automatically he sprawled on the ground. Ujio kicked Algren's sword out of his hand, and started away. Maybe this time, that swine would submit to him! Katherine swallowed hard, as Nobutada gripped her shoulder. She hoped to highest heaven that Nathan would just quit. However, Algren managed to get up again, and before Ujio could turn, charged at him. All of the spectators stared in shock, and Katherine let out a gasp. The tough samurai didn't need to face him, in a sliding move, he dodged Algren's sword and struck him on the side, then the legs, and finally the neck. Katherine jumped every time Nathan was hit so roughly, she unconsciously leaned back into Nobutada's arms. Algren was gasping for breath, he wasn't sure yet, but he probably had at least one rib broken. He was on the ground, as Ujio digged the point of his sword into Algren's hand until he released his grip, and Ujio kicked the sword away again. Everyone, even Taka, who at first wanted to see her husband's murderer get what he deserved, now felt sympathy for him and respect as well. This American was not giving up! It was unbelievable! At the same time, all of them just hoped he would listen to Ujio, so that his butt-kicking would end. Ujio was also surprised at how stupid the American dog was, protesting and continuing to fight him on this. It was insane! Were all westerners like that? Foolishly and recklessly proving their bravery! Algren shocked everyone, as he once again struggled to his feet. Taka's eyes widened in astonishment and Katherine was holding back tears. She couldn't stand to see this miserable sight any more. Without hesitation, Ujio ran back and rained blows upon Algren's now defenseless body. First the wrist, then the back, then the stomach, and then finally the head, sending Algren on the muddy ground. Katherine turned away, unable to watch this any longer. She suddenly threw herself on Nobutada's chest, and whimpered softly. The young samurai didn't change position, his eyes were still fixed on the scene, but he moved his one hand and wrapped it around Katherine in comfort. Algren was sort of unconscious on the ground, his fingers still clutched the wooden sword. Ujio reached down, pried it from his fingers and threw it to Higen, who caught the wooden sword swiftly. It was over...the American swine could no longer move. Ujio glared down at him for second or two, before fixing his gaze on the western girl and Nobutada. She was in his arms? Why?! He swallowed hard, and with a proud smirk went on his way. Nakao and the two other men followed him. Once the tough samurai was out of sight, Katherine broke away from Nobutada's grip and hurried over to Nathan's side. \"Let's get him inside.\" The young samurai told the elder one, as he nodded in response. A small tear rolled down Katherine's cheek, and she kneeled down to comfort Nathan, who barely managed to open his eyes. Taka came up to them, motioning her to make way for the samurai to carry the American. Algren would probably remember this painful lesson for the rest of his life![Chapter 27] Chapter 27 Abnormal People Algren growled and grunted in pain as he was laid on the bamboo mat by Nobutada and the elderly samurai, who had been appointed to guard him. Katherine and Taka slowly entered the room as well, they were carrying bowls of fresh water and some towels. Algren panted heavily, as he shut his eyes, he couldn't concentrate on anything anymore. His entire body was aching thanks to Ujio. Nobutada whispered something to the other samurai and with a quick nod, the man left the chamber. Afterwards, Taka walked closer to the suffering American and kneeled next to him. Katherine watched this intently, she didn't know whether to join her or just leave. She decided that it would be better if she herself would care for Nathan. Slowly, she approached them and kneleled next to Taka, handing her a clean towel. Nobutada stood in the doorway, not wanting to go just yet. \" I'll do it.\" Katherine told Taka, when she saw the woman dipping the fresh towel in the basin of water. Taka however, shook her head in protest. Katsumoto had entrusted her with this job and by all means, she'd be the one to do it. Besides, Taka doubted Katherine's 'medical' abilities, she didn't want her to add even more problems. It would be better if Taka took care of Nathan herself. \"Thank you, but I'm alright.\" Taka replied gently, and she reached out to clean blood from Algren's face. Katherine didn't like the answer she received from her. She knew that Taka was caring and reasonable, but at the same time, she was starting to feel little over-protective when it came to Nathan, especially after everything that happened. These people weren't trust-worthy, they said one thing and then did another. Katherine gazed down at Algren with sadness, his eyes were unfocused, and every time Taka tried to wipe the dirt and blood away, he winced in pain. \"Shh...Nathan, it's alright.\" Katherine comforted, as his eyes opened wide. He fixed his gaze on worried Katherine for a while, she gently took hold of his hand. Nathan smiled at her weakly and then shifted his eyes at Taka, behind her stood Nobutada in the doorway, quietly studying the situation. Algren felt miserable and sudden embarrassment rushed over him as he remembered that both Taka and Katherine witnessed how Ujio beat him with no pity. Anger, bitterness, pain, and longing for alcohol made his eyes fume with anger. He stared up at Taka darkly, as she calmly bandaged his old wound that had opened up again. \"Who are you people anyway?\" He asked, his voice cynical and bitter. Neither Taka or Nobutada made an attempt to understand or respond him. Katherine on the other hand, was becoming worried. She was slowly realizing that Nathan was losing it. He was angry and furious at the world, at the situation and at these people! \"You have no God, you have no mercy, you don't even have any f**king walls.\" He continued in a brutal manner. Taka kept ignoring him and his words, she was busy fulfilling her duty. She didn't care what this man had to say. He was probably mumbling nonsense. Nobutada however, stared at Katherine questionably, as if asking her to translate. Katherine met his gaze and then turned back to Algren. She knew that he was just having an outlet...he needed it bad! \"Your walls are made of paper, what's the matter with you?\" Algren spat angrily, and eyed both Taka and Nobutada. \"Nathan,\" Katherine started softly, as she placed her hand on his shoulder but it was shaken off. \"Katherine, I really don't understand these weirdos.\" He spoke to her, his voice shaking with fury. \"I mean that man tries to kill me just now and I've done nothing to him, and you...\" He faced Taka again. \"You, I kill your husband and you act like, what? Like I'm a guest in your house. What is wrong with you?\" He said this so intensely, that Taka finally met his gaze. Katherine shook her head, she didn't know what to say. Algren was not thinking and he spoke out of anger and frustration. She understood his pain perfectly. After all, just few days ago, she had far more worse outburst. I guess, it was Algren's turn now. \"Nathan, please...\" She started quietly, but was interrupted by him. \"No, Katherine! This has gone far enough.\" He announced, sitting up on the mat aggressively. \"I mean, I killed her husband for goodness sakes!\" He said and started laughing. \"Does she have a soul at all?\" Katherine wanted to cry. She couldn't stand to see her friend like this! It broke her into pieces. Her eyes started to fill with tears, she wanted to comfort him, but couldn't bring herself to speak. Taka on the other hand, gently got up and brought Algren a bowl of hot soup. Nobutada stared at them and his body tensed automatically. He didn't understand what the American was saying, but he was realizing that the man was angry, frustrated, and just mad. Nobutada turned his attention to Katherine, who looked like she was about to sob. He felt very sorry for her. It was obvious that the girl really cared about the American, and his pain was inflicting on her as well. Algren finished his obnoxious laughter, and then stared at Taka for a little while. Suddenly, he knocked the soup out of her hands, and Nobutada made a quick advance towards him. This American buffoon was crossing lines! This time, it was Katherine's turn to grab his shoulder to stop him. She gently hang on to his bicep, pleading with her facial expressions to forgive Nathan's foolishness. However, Taka's eyes all of a sudden, flared with fury, before resuming into its usual mildness. That intense flash was enough to satisfy Algren and he calmed down. Taka gently got up, picked the bowl from the floor and left the room. Nobutada gazed at her silently and to Katherine's surprise made no move. He had indeed obeyed Katherine's silent plea. Algren sighed, exhausted and stared at Katherine and the young samurai before him for a while. He was slowly realizing that he'd been acting like a complete idiot. Before any of them could speak, Taka re-entered, bringing new bowl of soup again. She approached the American officer, knelt beside him and their eyes met. She does have a soul. Algren relaxed and took the bowl from her hands and sipped it. Katherine released Nobutada's arm from her grip, and quietly left the room. She was tired! It had been a long and stressful evening. She needed to calm down as well. Nobutada watched his aunt and the American for a little longer, and once he was convinced that the man wouldn't dare to do anything reckless any more, he turned to find Katherine. Katherine sat in 'her' room, looking out of the small window, and going through her small journal. The truth was, she was actually very angry at Ujio for what he did to Nathan. He had no right! Algren did nothing to him! Nothing! If anyone needed to be mad at him, it should have been Taka. But it was the other way around, as Nathan had stated too brutally few minutes ago. These people were very strange and...abnormal. Just when she had decided to survive and somehow get through in this place, something like this occurs! Wasn't Ujio the one who told her that he wouldn't dare to touch his lord's guests? Why did he change his mind so soon? And by 'guests' ...did he mean her only? Besides, it wasn't like Nathan wronged him or anything. Ujio was just being uncivil and barbaric like always. Ugh, and yet she thought a samurai like him would be capable of being gentle. Maybe not him, but there was Nobutada. He was so kind, gentle, genuine and understanding compared to Ujio. The door slowly slid open, and Katsumoto's son entered. \" Is everything alright?\" He asked calmly. \" How can you ask me that?\" She answered slightly irritated. \" After everything you people put us through...\" Nobutada smirked and approached her slowly. This girl was forgetting that no matter what, she and her precious American were captives in this village. She had no rights to demand things. \"Forgive me but despite all, you two are still our hostages.\" \"And that gives you rights to treat us like this? \" She questioned eagerly. \" What Ujio did to my friend.. .was horrible and unforgivable.\" She stated and crossed her arms. \" You really care for him?\" Nobutada asked softly. \" Why wouldn't I? He is the only one I've got in this...place.\" Katherine wanted to say 'ratchet' place, but decided that it wasn't true. She had seen the village and it was simply beautiful. \" He's not the only one.\" Nobutada spoke to her gently and his eyes lingered on her for few minutes. Then he turned and left her presence. Katherine was confused. What did he mean by that? Why were these people so abnormal and unusual? She had a hard time figuring them out. It would probably take years to finally understand their way of thinking and their way of life.[Chapter 28] Chapter 28 Dialogue In The Temple Katherine was sitting on a small wooden chair out on the porch of Taka's house. It was early in the morning, and after observing the lovely sunshine from her little window, she finally decided to get some fresh air. The Winter was slowly creeping in the country, so Katherine wanted to enjoy the warm weather before the cold would take over the land. Her fingers gently brushed the leather cover of her mother's journal. She couldn't bring herself to write anything, so much had changed since she last wrote an update on her life. It was still surreal! Couple of months ago, she was sailing with her father, even before that, she had dreams of visiting America. And now...she was stuck in a village with the Samurai! Life was full of unexpected surprises. The cool Autumn breeze blew past her, and leaves fell to the ground. She sighed with a heavy heart, turning her attention on a figure that was approaching the house. She focused her eyes and realized that it wasn't just a single person...two men were making their way towards her. She recognized them both; it was Nobutada and Algren's silent guard. Katherine stood up to meet the two samurai, her hands were still clutching the journal. \"My father would like to see you and the American.\" Nobutada informed her, once nearing close to her. \"Right now?\" Katherine asked, sudden nervousness taking over her. What if Katsumoto heard about Algren's disrespectful behavior the other day? What if he was angry at them? \" Yes.\" Nobutada replied, sensing Katherine's uneasiness. \"He wants to see us both at the same time?\" Katherine questioned once more. Nobutada nodded in response and went inside to notify Algren as well. In few minutes, the American officer dragged his feet and came out on the porch. His body was still aching from the last night's ugly events. He met Katherine's eyes and lazily sat on the wooden stairs of the porch. Nobutada appeared in couple of seconds. \" Follow him.\" He spoke up, referring to the elderly samurai. \" He'll take you to my father.\" \"You are not coming?\" Katherine frowned. Without Nobutada she was starting to feel insecure in this unfamiliar place. Of course, it was foolish of her to be afraid of Katsumoto. After all, it was he who decided to spare her and Algren and appointed his own son to guard her. But somehow, Katherine was still feeling uneasy whenever she was forced to come out of her comfort zone and experience new things in the samurai village. The young warrior was pleasantly surprised at Katherine's question. What? She wanted him to go with her? When did that happen? As much as he wanted to join them...well, more like join her. He couldn't! \" I have other things to attend to.\" He answered, trying not to sound too disappointed. Katherine nodded in understanding, and with a small smirk Nobutada went inside the house. \"What's going on, Katherine?\" Algren asked, after Nobutada left their presence. \"We're meeting Katsumoto.\" She told him simply. The silent samurai didn't say much, he slowly started descended the porch stairs. Algren shook his head with a small sigh. \"I just realized, I've been remiss.\" He started talking to the man. \"Forgive me. I have yet to thank you for looking out for me yesterday. That is your job, correct? Protecting me?\" Algren continued in English, as the samurai led the way, casually ignoring him. Katherine smirked at Nathan's sense of humor. No matter what, he always somehow managed to lift her spirits up. \"Well done, Bob.\" Nathan announced as he and Katherine followed the man through the small forest path. \"You don't mind if I call you 'Bob', do you?\" Nathan carried on with his little game, mischievous smile spreading across his face as Katherine grinned at him. \"Should I translate your words to him?\" Katherine asked with a giggle. \"No need. Me and Bob understand each other perfectly. Right Bob?\" The silent samurai did not even try to comprehend what the two westerners trailing behind him were talking about. He was doing his duty and couldn't care less about the 'hostages'. \"I knew a Bob once.\" Nathan turned to Katherine. \"God, he was ugly as a mule.\" He joked and Katherine couldn't help but laugh at Nathan's humor. \"You a ladies' man, Bob?\" Nathan continued playfully, causing Katherine to grin like a fool. She was sure glad to see him feeling a lot better. They kept entertaining each other like that all the way to Katsumoto's temple. Both Algren and Katherine were led past baldheaded monks into an ancient shrine. Katsumoto was kneeling at the small table, he didn't look aware that the two guests were present. \"Ujio is teaching you the way of the Japanese sword?\" Katsumoto asked Algren casually. Algren was quite exhausted from walking so much and besides, his body was still hurting like crazy. Without giving any kind of respect to the leader of the samurai warriors, he lay down on the floor. \"Yes indeed.\" He answered sarcastically. \"Is that what he was doing?\" Katherine lifted her eyebrows, as she remembered how brutally Ujio had behaved with her friend. It was horrible! It was anything but 'teaching'. She stood proudly next to where Algren was lying inconsiderately. Katsumoto was amused with the girl's response even though, he was asking the question to the American officer. He had a feeling that he would enjoy speaking with her the most. But for now, he had important things to ask to this American man. Katsumoto was still trying to figure out who this mysterious soldier was? He came to him in a vision, in a form of a brave tiger. He needed to figure out what all this meant. \"You fought against your Red Indians?\" He questioned Algren, recalling the details he had read in this man's journal. \"Yes.\" Algren sighed. He didn't want to talk about these things at all. He tried to bury those memories. Katherine listened carefully, as she started realizing that maybe today was the day she'd get to know Nathan well and find out what caused him to become a cynical alcoholic. \"Tell me of your part in this war.\" Katsumoto spoke up, as if reading Katherine's thoughts. Ugh, Algren didn't want this right now. He had absolutely no desire to converse about his past with some samurai rebel. And neither did he like the fact that Katherine was also listening. \"Why?\" He asked, as he sat up slowly. \"I wish to learn.\" Katsumoto told him innocently, standing up and walking closer to Algren and Katherine. \"Read a book.\" Algren found a quick solution to avoid his over-bearing questions. \"I would rather have a good conversation.\" Katsumoto had a clever reply. Katherine watched the scene unfold before her. She wasn't sure what she was doing here. It looked like Katsumoto was interested in Algren. \"Why?\" Algren whined, sounding like a punished little child. \"Because...we're both students of war.\" Katsumoto's answer sort of satisfied the reluctant soldier and he gave up. \"So...\" The leader of the warriors sat close to him. \"...you were the general of your army?\" \"No,\" Algren paused and met Katherine's gaze. She was listening to him attentively. Just like Katsumoto, she too was curious to know more about him. \"I was a captain.\" He said. \"Is that a low rank?\" Katsumoto was not kidding when he told them he wanted to know his enemies. He was indeed eager to know every single detail about his guests. \"A middle rank.\" \"And who was your general?\" Katsumoto continued with his questions. At this, Algren stopped and stared at no one in particular, before shaking his head and standing up. \"Don't you have a rebellion to lead?\" He asked Katsumoto, and changed the subject. Katherine frowned in disappointment, she really wanted to hear what he had to say about the wars he participated in. Looks like, the samurai leader shared Katherine's feelings. \"People in your country do not like conversation?\" Katsumoto turned to Katherine, trying to seek an explanation from her. She froze and didn't know how to respond him. This had nothing to do with her. She just didn't see fit to speak on Nathan's behalf. If he had no desire to talk about these things, she had to respect it. \"He was a Lieutenant Colonel. His name was Custer.\" Algren spoke up again. \"I know this name. He killed many warriors.\" Katsumoto announced intrigued. \"Oh, yes. Many warriors.\" Algren stated and fixed his gaze on Katherine, who was listening with much interest. \"So he was a good general.\" Katsumoto decided with a proud smirk. Katherine realized that Katsumoto was missing the point of what Algren had said, and it was becoming obvious because Algren looked even more frustrated. \"No. No, he wasn't a good general.\" He started, anger taking over him slowly. \"He was arrogant and foolhardy. And he got massacred because he took a single battalion against 2000 angry Indians.\" Nathan spoke out of pure anguish and resentment. Even though, Katherine never met and didn't even know this General Custer, she already had an idea that he was a ruthless pig. \"Two thousand Indians? How many men for Custer?\" The Samurai lord was downright impressed. \"Two hundred and eleven.\" Katherine shut her eyes, and shook her head. Maybe she wouldn't understand this back in England... but now, since she had experienced a terrible battle herself, she knew how horrible that war was. Two hundred and eleven men against two thousand Indians? It would've been a blood bath. Poor Nathan. And that Custer sounded like a real monster! \"I like this General Custer.\" Katsumoto said, he was gaining respect for the dead American commanding officer. \"He was a murderer who fell in love with his own legend. And his troopers died for it.\" Algren told him, his voice shaking with fury. He couldn't believe this samurai right now. Was he serious? \"I think this is a very good death.\" The Samurai lord told him simply and honestly. Katherine wasn't surprised. Of course, Katsumoto would've been impressed with this foolhardy General Custer. After all, he and his rebels were ruthless men like him. Death to them was like a piece of cake. They didn't understand what it meant to normal people like her and Algren. They were bunch of killing machines. \"Maybe you can have one just like it someday.\" Algren responded bitterly. He was getting furious with Katsumoto's ridiculous way of thinking. He was trying to make a point and this samurai didn't seem to comprehend anything he was saying. Katsumoto understood things his own way. \"If it is my destiny.\" Katsumoto said calmly, making his way towards the small table he set at earlier. \"What do you want from me?\" Algren asked slowly, his temper running shorter and shorter. \"What do you want for yourself?\" Katsumoto rotated the question in a disciplined tone. It was a peculiar thing how both of the men seemed to forget that Katherine stood in the same room. \"What are you doing? Why are we having these conversations? What do you want with us?\" Algren questioned frantically. \"What the hell am I doing here?!\" He burst at last and shouted in anger, causing Katherine to flinch in fright. The silent samurai, who had been waiting outside patiently, ran forward, his hands touching his sheathed sword. Katsumoto calmly motioned him that the 'defense' was not necessary. The man bowed in obedience and stopped himself for making an advance at Algren. \"In spring...the snows will melt and passes will open. Until that time, you are here.\" Katsumoto informed, his voice relaxed and unnerved. \"Good day, captain.\" He bowed politely at him. Algren stared at the man for minute or two, and then fixed his gaze on Katherine. She was nervously playing with her kimono sleeves. With a small head motion, the silent samurai walked forward, Nathan trailed behind him, and Katherine made to follow until Katsumoto spoke up. \"I have yet to speak with you.\" Katherine stopped and turned to the leader. Algren looked back at Simon's daughter and was not pleased about the situation at all. \"I won't leave her.\" He said determined and Katherine rolled her eyes. Before Katsumoto could answer, she cut in. \"Nathan, it's fine. I'll be alright. You should know that by now.\" Katherine was little bit irritated. She disliked Algren's reckless outbursts...he should've known better. \"There's no need to be worried, she'll be back in no time.\" Katsumoto assured, quite touched at how protective Algren was of this girl. Nathan paused, staring at them for few more seconds, then he nodded softy and left with the silent samurai. \"He cares for you.\" Katsumoto stated the obvious. \"And you for him?\" Katherine smiled softly. \"We have each other to rely on in this...unfamiliar place.\" \"From what I understand, you aren't much too pleased with Ujio's way of teaching.\" Katsumoto rose once more, walking closer to Katherine. \"I don't think my opinion matters.\" Katherine said dryly. Katsumoto smirked, he looked down only to notice that the girl had her mother's old journal clutched in her hands. \"You seem to be inseparable with that.\" He remarked. Katherine eyed him curiously, and wondered what he wanted with her. \"I know nothing about Algren and his army. I'm not a professional translator, I only did this for my father. And you seem to know English quite well. So, what am I doing here?\" She finally decided to be honest with him and say whatever was on her mind. Why were they keeping her here in this village? She understood why Algren had been brought in this place. But her? Why her? Katsumoto looked down with a soft smile tucking his lips. \"You know they're not going to ransom us. They probably think we're dead.\" Katherine said boldly, and last sentence caused her heart to ache for her father. \"We have little use for money.\" Katsumoto told her gently, his eyes never leaving hers. She was so young and yet mature at the same time. \"Then what do you want with me?\" \"You said you'd help me learn English.\" He prompted calmly again. \"There's nothing wrong with your English.\" Katherine stated bluntly. She was starting to understand why Nathan lost his temper. Katsumoto kept dodging and ignoring the questions she mostly wanted to have answers on. \"Thank you.\" Katsumoto was glad to hear the girl's words. \"But I need to improve. I have a book by Will-i-am Shack-spear-y.\" He said, butchering the words. \"Shakespeare?\" Katherine asked surprised. He knew Shakespeare?! She didn't expect that at all...weren't they barbarians? \"Yes, but I cannot understand all he writes of.\" Katsumoto admitted quietly. \"Well, his plays aren't easy to read. With which one did you start?\" Katherine was becoming very curious. These people were indeed unpredictable. She didn't know what to call them anymore. They shocked and puzzled her in many ways. \"Romeo and Juliet.\" He pronounced the names correctly. \"That, in my opinion is the easiest to read.\" Katherine smiled softly. \"You like it?\" \"I love all of his plays.\" She told him, remembering how her father used to read it to her when she was a little girl, and whenever she got sick. \"How far are you in it?\" Her eyes were now alight with curiosity and interest in the subject at hand. \"I have not started it. Prologue is difficult to understand.\" He admitted, looking down. \"Well, maybe I can help you with that?\" Katherine suggested, suddenly becoming eager to aid Katsumoto in his journey to read and understand Shakespeare. \"I'd like that.\" Katsumoto smiled at her brightly. Silence fell on them for a little while, and he spoke up afterwards. \"The snows will melt in May, passes will open, and the events of the world will unfold. Until that time, you and the American soldier are staying here. Don't ask why, and what for...I ask myself that question everyday. And I have yet to find out.\" Katsumoto talked like a real poet. His eyes were fixed on the beautiful trees outside. Katherine gazed at him quietly. \"I enjoyed this conversation in your English.\" He turned his attention to her. \"I hope you will honor me with more tomorrow.\" With a soft and genuine smile, Katsumoto bowed at her. In that moment, Katherine realized that she was being little too judgemental...she decided to accept her fate fully and learn more about these strange people. At least get to know some of them. Please, leave reviews and share your thoughts! Thanks a million.[Chapter 29] Chapter 29 The Journal Entry Inside Katherine's diary: So there you have it. That's how drastically and unexpectedly my peaceful life has changed. I have found myself in a very unusual and different place. Despite all the hardships I've endured, I finally came to a realization that things are not as terrible as they may seem. The Samurai lord, Katsumoto has been nothing but polite and kind to me since the day we met. He gives me his word that in the Spring, both Nathan and I shall be released and free to return to our people. It's actually very hard for me to believe that I've been here in the village for al most three months. Seasons have slowly changed, and the weather has become quite cold. As I write this, the small droplets of rain keep on falling. My life continues among these strange people. Mostly I receive curious and surprised stares from the villagers. I too happen to be very 'strange' to them. Nathan is treated with mild neglect, I presume it's because he is the man who murdered the respected red warrior. However, that does not seem to stop him or me for that matter, from observing and learning more about our captors. Everyone is polite, everyone smiles and bows. But beneath their courtesy, one cannot help but notice the deep reservoir of feeling. They are very hard-working and determined people. The word Samurai means to 'serve'. And I was surprised to hear from Nathan that Katsumoto believes that his rebellion is in the service of the Emperor. I had absolutely no idea that the Samurai leader used to be the teacher of this country's ruler. This makes me question which is true and rightful path. Maybe Nathan, my father and I have been on the wrong side. Who knows really?. I was never much for politics. Couple of weeks ago, I've started reading Shakespeare's plays together with Katsumoto. He has changed my views completely...I have gained a lot of respect for him. He is anything but a barbarian. It's so peculiar that on battlefield these people appear to be monsters, but here...once you see their way of life, you start wondering at their intriguing nature. Nobutada has been nothing but kind to me. Even though he tries to hide it, I can still detect his warm and unbelievably caring personality. The way he plays with his younger cousins...the way he fulfills his duties. He even allows me to go outside unattended. He said that he trusts that I won't do anything foolish. Magojiro is one handful toddler, he seems to like me very much. And quite frankly, I think I'm starting to love that boy. Higen is incredibly mature and wise for his age. Just the other day, he told me that he knew some words in latin. He is so devoted to his deceased father and at the same time, it's astonishing at how forgiving he is. I have a feeling that boy really likes and admires Nathan. To keep myself busy during the day, I've decided to do the housework and give Taka a hand. It will do us both good. Of course, she was reluctant and hesitant at first, but I do not give up that easily. She amazes me with her inner strength and dignity. She always carries herself with poise and grace. It's fascinating that despite the pain she experienced for her husband's death, she continues to treat both, Nathan and I as guests in her house. Thankfully, Nathan has been very calm and relaxed. He no longer begs for alcohol and his sleeping has improved. I can finally say that he has found some tranquility in this place. Just the other day, he opened up to me and told me that he too happened to write in journals. Unfortunately, he lost them in the battlefield and now he found a small paper to write on. It's amazing how alike we both are. I am truly blessed to have someone like Nathan Algren in this place. For now, things are going quite well for me in the village. I never thought I'd be able to cope with the circumstances and yet...here I am. But at the same time, the day doesn't pass without the thought of my father. I pray that he is alright and soon I'll be able to hug him again. The most intriguing and fascinating person for me however, is that black samurai Ujio. He is so stern and cold-natured from the outside. He keeps on training hard, as if there's no tomorrow. Shouts out and barks commands, his voice like thunder over the land. He makes it obvious that he hates and despises Nathan...I however, still remember how kindly and gently he spoke to me the day I wanted to kill myself. Deep down, something tells me that he is different, and that cold and scary disposition is to mask his true feelings. I might be wrong but for now, that's what I have detected about him. He is so mysterious and strange. I have yet to get to know him. Something tells me that it won't be an easy job...but I'm willing to take the risk. After all, I've got plenty of time. Alright, so this was bit different from the previous chapters. However, I feel like it was necessary to point out Katherine's thoughts and feelings as she continues to live among the samurai. Thanks so much to my loyal reviewer! You guys motivate me![Chapter 30] Chapter 30 The Return of The White Horse Katherine sat under a small tree that was near Taka's house, but also far enough to overlook the rice fields. She wasn't there because of shade, after all, it was late October and the leaves were almost gone. Besides, it wasn't hot either. Katherine just needed privacy, comfort, and some alone time to write in her journal again. It was late afternoon, she had finished helping Taka with chores and decided to get some fresh air. Nobutada no longer followed her every move, she was free to wonder around the village and explore things on her own. Unfortunately, Algren didn't have that privilege. She presumed it had something to do with the fact that she was a woman. She wasn't considered dangerous in the village surrounded and dominated by tough and brave samurai. Katherine paused for a bit, thinking hard on what to write. It seemed like she had already written everything she experienced in this place. She looked up the clear sky and sighed softly. It was getting breezy and cold again, she wondered if maybe it was time for her to go inside. Gently, she set up, still finding herself bit uncomfortable in an unfamiliar Japanese attire. Katherine grabbed her journal, stood up, fixed her kimono and turned her eyes on the house. Before she could move, she heard angry shouts coming across the fields. But that wasn't what drew her attention. Suddenly, together with the furious yells and barks from men, she also heard an anxious snorts and neighs of a horse. She quickly snapped her head towards the commotion and spotted in the training fields a stunning white horse. The animal was rearing up and whined in pure panic and pressure. The samurai who were training there tried hard to stop the frantic horse. Some poked their wooden swords, others angrily shouted, and some even tried to strike the gorgeous creature. Katherine's cheeks flushed red, her eyes narrowed. One thing she couldn't stand was when people ignorantly tried to terminate beautiful things that they couldn't understand. She quickly hurried over towards them, running as fast as the wind, waving her hands frantically at them. \"Stop it! Stop!\" She shouted, rushing in the center and standing in front of the white horse in a defensive manner. The men surrounding her froze in surprise. Katherine turned towards the magnificent animal. \"Easy girl...easy.\" She whispered, gazing at her directly in the eyes. For a second, the mare looked back at her and calmed down. Before Katherine could make an advance towards the animal, Nakao cut in. \" Woman, you aren't supposed to be here. That animal is crazy!\" It was then, Katherine realized that she had been yelling in English at them. \" She's just scared. Don't hurt her.\" She spoke up in Japanese, not even trying to step away from the horse, that looked little more relaxed than before. \" Do you want to get killed?\" Another samurai questioned, as he crossed his arms. Katherine knew that she had absolutely no right to interfere in the business of these warriors, who had no desire to be lectured by a western, captive girl. But she just couldn't standby and watch them hurt the stunning horse. Besides, the animal didn't look dangerous at all. Maybe misunderstood...they had scared the poor thing to death. \" Foolish girl, step aside!\" Barked Nakao once more. Before Katherine could think of a comeback, Nobutada appeared. He was practising his archery when he noticed the interesting scene. However, he became downright intrigued when Katherine stepped in out of the blue and came to the horse's rescue. \"Now, what's going on here?\" He asked, as the men spread out to make way for him. \" This horse appeared out of nowhere. We tried to catch it, but its one vicious creature. And the girl here has lost her mind. She should get away before she gets trampled.\" Nakao explained politely to their lord's only son and the leader of the village. Nobutada curiously glanced at Katherine, who was still standing tall and proud in front of the animal, showing zero sign of fear or obedience. \"The horse doesn't seem dangerous now.\" Nobutada remarked, trying to support Katherine on this. \" Oh, but it is.\" Nakao spoke up, making an advance towards the horse who spooked in return and reared up again, almost hitting Katherine with its hooves. \"Stop! You're scaring her!\" Katherine cried out, as Nobutada grabbed her close, shielding her from the attack. \" Catch that animal! Don't let it get away!\" Nobutada insisted, as the horse started running frantically, and the men chased after her. \" No, she's just afraid!\" Katherine exclaimed, as she struggled to break free from Nobutada's grip. \"If you got killed, what would I say to my father?\" He asked desperately. \" He intrusted me to protect you.\" \"Don't let them hurt that mare. Please!\" Katherine begged in panic, her eyes focused on the horse that loped in circles, crying out in sheer frustration. Nobutada continued to forcefully drag Katherine back to Taka's house, this place was not safe for her at all. The men started throwing ropes at the loose animal, some aimed their arrows, and others got their spears. \" Don't you dare!\" Katherine screamed horrified, and vigorously broke from Nobutada's arms. Once more, she rushed towards the innocent creature. \" You can't catch her like this! Don't treat her so ruthlessly!\" She followed the spooked animal, until it calmed a little again and stopped. Everyone froze to stare at the interesting sight before them. Katherine reached out and gently touched the animal's forehead. She somehow related to this mare...after all, they were both being held as captives in this samurai village and neither of them liked that. \"Where did you come from?\" Katherine whispered at the animal in English, amazed at how calm the horse had become now. Nobutada gazed at the scene in awe. He wasn't sure on what to do anymore. It seemed like Katherine had been right all along. Unexpectedly, one of the samurai men tried to catch the animal in that moment, and the horse violently kicked him with her hind legs. As the samurai fell to the ground, Nakao managed to throw a rope on the animal's neck nevertheless, and Katherine was again grabbed by Nobutada, who wanted her to return back to Taka's place. After all, he had been charged to guard her. He doubted his father would've been pleased about this situation. Katherine struggled to get away again but Nobutada wouldn't have it. \" That's enough!\" He told her sternly, as Nakao tried to lead the vicious horse away. It was a peculiar sight, as both Katherine and the white horse boldly protested and resisted to part with each other. \" Let them go!\" Deep voiced command was heard and automatically everyone paused, looking over only to meet Ujio's - the tough samurai's cold and meaningful glare.[Chapter 31] Chapter 31 The Warning As the chaos in the training fields continued; meanwhile, Ujio had been teaching Higen the arts of chanoyu, Japanese for tea ceremony. In many ways, it reflected the samurai ideal as well as Japan as a whole. It introduced the atmosphere of tranquility contrasting the qualities of strength and aptitude possessed by each samurai. Ujio wanted the young boy to develop the sense of natural simplicity, and experience reality in an utmost disciplined manner. It was just as important as the acquiring skills in the practice of war and abiding by the Bushido code. All the upper-class samurai had to practice this ceremony. Ujio was very pleased with the young boy's accomplishments and his mature way of thinking. Hirotaro would've been proud of his son. It was not fair that his friend had to die so soon and his murderer was still alive and well, living under his roof, with his own family. Ujio's blood boiled with anger every time he thought about it. However, their little practice was interrupted when suddenly, the tough samurai overheard loud and screaming voices coming all the way from the training fields. Immediately, Ujio stood up and made his way towards the chaos, but not before ordering Higen to stay out of it. He walked as fast as he could, silently fuming at Nakao's inability to control and manage the rest of the warriors. Ugh, he shouldn't have left them! Ujio had to be the one supervising those immatures at all times. His train of thought was stopped rather quickly, when Ujio took a good look at what exactly was happening in the fields. All of a sudden he froze, his eyes widened in complete shock. A white horse was prancing around in the meadows, the samurai were chasing after it, and then that foreign, captive girl suddenly leaped in the animal's defense. The thing that puzzled Ujio the most was that he had recognized the white horse from his vision. He couldn't understand; was this for real now? He was sure that the magnificent creature was exactly the one from his vision, even the movements of this horse were very similar to the one that Ujio had seen almost a month ago. He kept observing the scene before him, waiting to see what was happening and what it had to do with him? From the looks of it, Nakao and the other men were trying to catch the animal rather forcefully, the strange western girl was standing in front of the horse, making sure that it didn't get hurt. Ujio was so confused. What did this mean? Why was he in the middle of all this? And what on earth was this girl doing there? He decided to stay out of it for a while and kept on watching the puzzling display. The white horse was afraid and ran away from everyone but her. Ujio found himself even more surprised when the young western woman actually reached out and touched the animal. What?! Why was she the one petting it? In the vision the horse had come to him! His head started to hurt with all the speculations and guessing. Then it occurred to Ujio...of course! All these samurai were chasing the already spooked out animal with weapons while this girl, had been nothing but gentle to it. Ujio continued to watch as the animal relaxed and calmed with this woman. However, one of the samurai attempted to throw a rope on the horse but instead, got kicked violently. Nakao, on the other hand, managed to secure and catch the animal. The girl started to protest, as Nobutada grabbed her by the arms to take her away, and Nakao struggled to drag the horse out. It was a fascinating scene, as both the young woman and the animal tried to resist being apart. Suddenly, Ujio became furious with his comrades. Why were they being so ignorant and small-minded? What on earth were they trying to accomplish like that? He could no longer stay on the sidelines and watch this disturbing commotion. He stood in the distance long enough! With a roll of his eyes, Ujio marched over at them and sternly called out. \" Let them go!\" He demanded, his voice thundering and deep. Immediately, everyone froze as status and turned their heads towards him in complete surprise. Katherine gasped in shock when she noticed who it was. She couldn't believe it. Whenever Ujio appeared, it had always been nerve wrecking for her. He was very open and forward when it came to loathing and hating her and Nathan. He made sure to turn the westerners lives into living hells. Especially, when he ruthlessly beat the living breath out of Nathan few weeks ago. But despite all this, Katherine, for some reason, was confident that this tough samurai had surely come to her rescue now. With a relieved sigh, she gazed at her new hero. \"Ujio-san, what do you mean let them go?\" Nakao questioned in disbelief. Ujio silently neared them, his hand resting on his sheathed katana. \" This is a disgrace!\" He barked in anger. \" You men call yourselves samurai and can't even properly handle a horse. Or a girl, for that matter.\" He added and locked eyes with Nobutada, who was still gripping Katherine's arm rather too gently. Katherine herself became bit confused. Was Ujio on her side on this? Or did he agree with others? She couldn't tell. \"The mare is unpredictable.\" Nobutada stated simply, as Nakao threw in. \"More like very dangerous!\" \"Dangerous? The animal is just scared.\" Ujio corrected and Katherine couldn't help but smile triumphantly. Somebody finally agreed with her. \"Who taught you to approach horses with weapons?\" Ujio questioned, completely perplexed at how narrow-mindedly the warriors had behaved. Nakao was still holding the white horse tightly with the ropes. \" I'll approach her calmly and you'll see the change of the attitude.\" Ujio announced, walking closer towards the animal in order to demonstrate. When he neared the horse, he softly attempted to touch her nose. Suddenly, the magnificent animal reared up in fright, shrieking in anguish, almost hurting Ujio in the process, who quickly took a step back. Nakao could no longer control the petrified horse and he fell down to the ground, he let go off the rope as the mare started to bolt away. Unable to endure this any longer, Katherine broke away from Nobutada's grip, and made to run after the horse. However, one of the samurai, who was called Yoshida, vigorously seized Katherine and exclaimed at her. \"Stupid woman! Stay out of this!\" With that, he tossed her so roughly, that Katherine fell to the ground real hard. Before she could realize what was happening, Nobutada angrily attacked Yoshida and clipped him down furiously. His eyes were flushed with rage. \" How dare you! She is the guest of your lord!\" He spat at him, as the other samurai stared at this scene in surprise and shock, even Ujio could no longer comprehend the situation, as he looked perplexed with the young samurai's behavior. Katherine groaned softly and tried to sit up. Her right shoulder was sore from falling so hard on the ground. Nobutada knelt close to her, his angered eyes suddenly became all tender. \" Are you alright?\" He asked gently, and helped Katherine stand up on her feet. She gazed back at him in surprise, and nodded silently. Ujio threw daggers at Yoshida with his eyes, warning him that he had indeed crossed the line with his foolish outburst. He snapped his attention back to the white horse who bolted away and within seconds, disappeared like a fine rolling mist. \"Katherine!\" Nathan cried out, as he suddenly appeared, making his way hurriedly towards the commotion. \"What happened? What's going on here?\" He asked frantically, looking around in surprise. It was indeed a peculiar sight. The group of angry samurai surrounding a helpless girl. The commotion in the fields had caused quite steer, and many bystander villagers tried to catch a glimpse of what was happening. Nathan was with no doubt, among these people together with the silent samurai - Bob, when he overheard the non-ending chaos. \"Who hurt you?\" Nathan exclaimed frantically, pulling Katherine closer into a hug in a defensive manner. Immediately, Ujio's body tensed upon seeing the American again. He glared at him very coldly. Who was this dumb swine anyway? Jumping on them like this and throwing foreign words out. Did he wish to get beat up again? Didn't he get a message last time? How could he not learn the painful lesson? Nobutada, on the other hand, realized that the American was just trying to protect his friend. \"She...better.\" He managed to form English words, attempting to make him understand that all was well. \"Nathan, I'm fine.\" Katherine whispered, hating that they were both in the center of almost the entire samurai army. Ujio was about to step in and show the American dog his place again when all of a sudden, a horse's neigh was heard. Everyone looked over only to meet the samurai lord, Katsumoto's eyes, who was mounted on his steed. He was accompanied by two other warriors on horseback. Automatically, everyone bowed in respect and cleared way for him. Katsumoto fixed his eyes on Ujio and Nobutada. \" What seems to be the problem?\" He demanded with a loud voice. \" Father, Nakao and the warriors were training when a wild horse appeared. The men tried to catch it, but the animal became more and more anxious and unpredictable. However, Kitty here was the only one to calm the horse\" Nobutada explained politely, as his father turned his attention on Katherine and Nathan in surprise. \" Where's the horse?\" Katsumoto raised his eyebrows, when he noticed that the infamous animal was nowhere to be found. \" Gone, my lord. Disappeared.\" Ujio answered, his voice had a disappointed tone. Katsumoto was confused but for now, he was satisfied with Ujio's answer. \"I shall like to speak with you two in private.\" He announced after a pause, locking eyes with his son and Ujio. With that, he turned his horse and galloped away, followed by the two warriors. Even though, Algren hardly understood what was happening, he took hold of Katherine's hand and made his way back to Taka's house. \"I'll explain everything later.\" Kitty whispered at him silently. \"You better.\" The two of them walked away quietly, as Nobutada nodded at them in approval. \" Alright! The show is over!\" Ujio exclaimed roughly at the remaining crowd. \" Occupy yourselves with something useful!\" As he announced this, the men slowly started to drift away and mind their own business. However, Ujio was not planning on releasing Yoshida so soon. \"Yoshida-san!\" He called. The samurai turned and nodded at him weakly. \" Don't you ever pull a stunt like that again.\" Ujio warned, as Nobutada stared at them meaningfully. Yoshida bowed in respect and turned on his heel. Nobutada shook his head at him and made to leave as well, but Ujio stopped him. \" Be careful.\" He stated, and the young samurai looked back questionably. \" She is not one of us. Don't let her control you.\" Ujio continued knowingly. \" I don't know what you're talking about.\" Nobutada spoke up calmly. \" My duty is to protect her and that's exactly what I did.\" \"Sure, but don't let her in your heart. Or else, she'll use trickery to try and make you drop your defenses and without doubt, she'll trade information with that dog! Don't you see how close they are? All westerners are deceitful and cunning. Be on your guard.\" Ujio warned the young samurai seriously and went on his way. It was almost as if he was also warning himself with these words.[Chapter 32] Chapter 32 Getting To Know You It was a sunny afternoon, despite the cold November air that blew right in Katherine's face as she walked through the fallen leaves. Few more weeks, and a heavy snow would begin to cover the landscapes and meadows. The tall mountains were already concealed in the blankets of white snow layers. It was actually a very beautiful sight. Katherine found herself concentrating on these gorgeous views. One might wonder where this girl was heading all alone. She carried a small basket of carrots and apples. She had indeed decided to look for that mysterious white horse from the day before. Katherine didn't know why or how it happened, but she was determined to keep that magnificent animal safe. There was some kind of connection between them, that horse was almost like a reflection of her. Maybe, it was silly for her to think that way. However, at this point, Katherine couldn't care less. She had made up her mind to find the frightened creature and calm it down. She was super relieved that Nobutada no longer followed her every move like a shadow. She really was starting to feel like a guest among the enemies. As for Algren, he was little too protective of her which actually touched her heart, but sometimes, that could get bit over-bearing. After all, Katherine desired to have freedom and experience things on her own at times. She did understand where he was coming from though; Nathan had promised her father - her darling papa, that he'd keep her safe no matter what. And so far, he was keeping his promise loyally. However, she didn't inform anyone where she was heading today. In fact, Katherine had sneaked out of Taka's house very quietly, hoping that she wouldn't catch anyone's attention. Grabbing couple of carrots and apples on her way out. She continued to walk silently through the open fields; in the distance she could see the samurai training with their wooden swords. Katherine quickened her pace in order to avoid them. She didn't think they would spot her, the men were too concentrated and too far away. However, she heard a crack behind her and quickly turned around only to meet Ujio's stern gaze. The samurai had his arms crossed and eyebrows raised questionably. Ujio was no longer surprised to see this girl so unexpectedly. After all, there were no endings to westerners' strange ways. He eyed her curiously up and down and his eyes fixed on the basket that she was carrying. \" What are you doing?\" He asked in a demanding tone. Oh, gosh! Just when Katherine thought that she would get by unnoticed. Yeah right! There's no escaping this samurai. \"Why are you unaccompanied?\" He threw in again, this time a little louder. Maybe now, the silly girl would answer him. \" I'm sorry, I was just...\" Katherine started nervously, thinking of some kind of an excuse. \" What do you have in there?\" Ujio demanded, making an advance towards her and taking the basket from her hands. He looked up at her in confusion when he saw the carrots and apples. But then, it suddenly struck him like lightening. \"You're looking for that horse, aren't you?\" Katherine nodded at him weakly and Ujio responded with a small scoff. Honestly, he didn't understand why that animal from his vision became so calm with her! But when he approached the horse it reared up in panic. I mean they had both done the exact same thing. Ujio didn't scare the lovely creature with his weapon! So why did it fear him so much!? Where was the difference?! Ugh, his head was hurting so badly. What did this vision mean? Why couldn't he understand it? \" Please, don't be mad. Nobutada allowed me to walk freely without any escorts. I won't escape...even if I wanted to. The passes are closed.\" Katherine explained nervously, praying that the samurai would understand and leave her be. \" You won't be able to find her.\" Ujio told her simply. Katherine knitted her brows. \" Why?\" \"I searched all night. The horse disappeared.\" \"Do you believe that?\" Katherine questioned, completely surprised that Ujio himself had wasted his 'precious' time to look for something so insignificant. Why would he care? \"I'm stating the facts.\" Ujio said dryly. \" You should give it up. It's a foolish mission.\" \"Since when do samurai encourage giving up?\" Katherine responded sharply, causing Ujio to smirk in amusement. \"You are not a samurai.\" \" But you are.\" Katherine remarked. \" And a fierce one at that, if I do say so myself.\" She finished with a soft smile. Was she challenging him? What was that supposed to mean? Oh Westerners...and their strange ways. \"Go back to Taka-san's place.\" Ujio told her at last, and turned away to leave. \"Wait!\" Katherine called him. She had finally been able to make somewhat of a decent conversation with this mysterious man. Maybe, she could say few more things. \"I want to thank you.\" She spoke up, as Ujio met her bright eyes. Alright, now he was surprised. Very surprised! Why was she thanking him again? He had been nothing but cold and stern towards her. Ujio didn't say anything, but his facial expressions made it clear that he had no idea what she was referring to. \"... For not killing me on that rainy day. I acted rather shamefully and deserved to be taught a lesson.\" Katherine admitted quietly. \" You were very kind and patient, even when I touched your sword so recklessly.\" She finished with a soft smile. Ujio was pleasantly taken aback and quite shocked at her words. She was thanking him!? This was so weird. He didn't know on how to respond to this. Yes, Ujio had behaved patiently that fateful evening, when the foolish girl had a death wish. But she was Katsumoto's -his lord's guest. He wouldn't dare to touch her! As he was still debating in his head on how to answer her, both of their attentions were caught by mild noises coming across the filed. Katherine looked over only to notice Nathan, in his military attire, attempting to join in the practise of the samurai. He was standing in the end of the line, holding a wooden sword. Katherine's heart immediately began to race when she saw how angrily Ujio had twitched his jaw. Without a word, the tough samurai walked over to them very determined to teach the American dog another far more painful lesson. Ujio couldn't believe it! The nerve of that low-lived swine! He would break him into pieces if he continued to act that way. \" Please, don't hurt him.\" Katherine begged, when she realized what was about to happen. \" Oh, please...don't !\" She exclaimed bit louder when Ujio ignored her. That didn't seem to help either, as he made his way coldly towards the training fields. Katherine decided to run after him, but then suddenly froze when she noticed Katsumoto and Nobutada approaching the group on horseback. Katherine had no idea what Ujio was planning to do with Algren this time, however, she didn't get to witness that. Almost an imperceptible look passed between the Samurai lord and Ujio. The tough warrior's resentment had been over-ruled. Without a word, Ujio grabbed another wooden sword and stood in front of Algren, ready to fight. He shouted a loud order and everyone began to practice-fight with one another. Ujio roughly demonstrated just how uneducated the American officer was when it came to ken-jutsu. He shoved Algren and pressed the wooden sword on his neck. Katsumoto nodded in approval at them, as Algren continued to practice. Katherine sighed in relief when she realized that nothing bad was going to happen to her friend. She turned her attention towards the respectable father and son. Nobutada was gazing at her with a soft smile, their eyes met and Katherine bowed at him in acknowledgement. Afterwards, she grabbed the basket that Ujio had taken from her earlier and decided to return to Taka's house. She was glad that her life among these strange and scary people was actually turning out quite well. And once horrifying samurai, were now an intriguing warriors to her. \"What were you thinking, Nathan?\" Katherine asked the brave American that evening. They were both in the small chamber that now belonged to Algren for as long as he was staying there. \"He could've easily killed you.\" \"I know, but he didn't. Katsumoto wouldn't let him.\" Nathan answered relieved, referring to Ujio. \"Besides, I need to occupy myself. You've been helping Taka, while I'm practically shut up in this house.\" \"I think helping Taka and fighting Ujio is two completely different things.\" Katherine remarked with a frown. \"I'll be fine. Don't worry about me.\" Algren smiled gratefully. \"What were you doing there anyway? All alone...unaccompanied.\" Katherine smirked slyly. \"Looks like someone's jealous.\" \"Well, of course I am.\" Algren admitted. \"It's not fair that you can wonder around all by yourself, while I've got Bob's constant shadow behind my back.\" \"Bob?\" Katherine raised her eyebrows sarcastically. \"Please, tell me that you are not calling him that.\" \"Is there a problem missy?\" Algren questioned playfully. \"You're crazy, you know that?\" \"Yes, I am. It's sort of a well-known fact actually.\" Algren's eyes sparkled in a mischievous manner. Katherine couldn't help but giggle at him. \"Alright well, I gotta go. Goodnight.\" She spoke up and stood. \"Hey, Kitty!\" Algren called before she'd exit. His face had suddenly become serious. \"What is it?\" She knitted her brows in concern. Algren paused for a second or two, and then spoke again. \"Can you do me a favor?\" \"Anything.\" \"Could you maybe...um teach me bit of .. Japanese?\" Algren asked her at last. Katherine was stunned. \"Wow, of course...of course I can.\" \"Yeah?\" \"Yes!\" She exclaimed excitingly. \"Why didn't you ask me sooner?\" \"Oh, I don't know. I just realized that I need to learn at least few words. It sucks to always be in the dark and rely on your translator all the time. No offense.\" Nathan explained quietly. \"I understand.\" Katherine grinned. \"But get ready, I'm a strict teacher.\" Algren playfully rolled his eyes at her. \"As if Ujio wasn't enough!\" Katherine laughed and slid the door open to leave. \"Thank you. I appreciate it, Kitty.\" Algren told her softly. She smiled brightly. \"My pleasure. Goodnight.\" Katherine set together with Katsumoto in his peaceful shrine. At the moment, the samurai leader was reading the epilogue of Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet. \"It's good that the two households came together after their children's death.\" Katsumoto spoke up, once he had finished the book. \"Yes, but one might wonder how wonderful it would've been if they had come around while both Romeo and Juliet were alive.\" Katherine sighed heavily. \"But that's what makes it tragedy, no?\" Katsumoto asked calmly. Katherine nodded silently, still under the impression of the sad book. \"Thank you, Kitty. I understood everything with your help.\" Katsumoto bowed at her politely. \"You're welcome.\" Katherine smiled. Silence fell over them once more. It didn't last too long because Katsumoto began to speak again. This time, he had different kind of questions. \"The American parliament has two houses. Why is that?\" \"I've never been to America.\" Katherine admitted honestly. \"But...I guess to keep either one from being too powerful.\" \"Does not people need a powerful ruler to protect them?\" Katsumoto asked in surprise. \"Well, most of the westerners believe the opposite.\" Katsumoto took Katherine's words into deep consideration. He quietly stared out in the horizon. \"And you, yourself are not American?\" Katsumoto wondered curiously. \"No, my father was born in England and my mother was Spanish.\" The samurai lord became very intrigued. \"You have mixed blood in your veins?\" \"I guess you could say that.\" Katherine nodded softly. Katsumoto was silent again, as he looked at the girl before him in fascination. \"I have a question.\" Katherine spoke up. \"How do you come to speak English?\" \"Members of the Council were required to study it...yes, I was a member of the government. I helped restore the Emperor to the throne.\" Katherine was shocked. And after all that Katsumoto had done for the young ruler, he regarded him as his enemy. Wow, talk about ungrateful! \"So that Japan could have a powerful leader to protect it?\" She asked sharply. Katsumoto understood Katherine's irony, but didn't smile. \"And now you must hate him for what he's done.\" Katherine said, as she remembered that Katsumoto indeed used to be the Emperor's teacher. Algren had told her that before. She knew bits and pieces about all this, but to hear it from Katsumoto in details was far more interesting. \"He is my blood. I serve him with my life.\" Katsumoto announced proudly. \"By fighting his army?\" Katherine raised her eyebrows. This girl was so smart and well-informed when it came to manly affairs. Katsumoto was very impressed. \"I do not fight the Emperor. I fight those who seek to influence him, those who betray the soul of my country.\" Katsumoto slowly drew his long samurai sword, and placed it next to the flower petals on the table in front of him. \"The Emperor gave this blade to my ancestors 400 years ago. It has been used only to defend his sacred honor. Making a sword is not an easy job. It is a holy act. A samurai's sword is his soul.\" Katsumoto explained in depth and Katherine couldn't help but listen in awe. \"Thank you for telling me all this.\" Katherine bowed politely and smiled. \"It's an honor.\" Katsumoto responded with a small nod. \"Pleasure is all mine.\" It was truly unbelievable how quickly Katherine's world had turned upside down. She was beginning to question everything. Her father...maybe they were on the wrong side after all. Omura seemed so sneaky and fake compared to the honest and admirable Katsumoto. It was peculiar how the way of the samurai life was starting to affect her. That day, she found Nathan in a traditional samurai hakama and kimono. It was rather amusing. \"You look so handsome.\" \"You're kidding, right?\" Algren told her with a chuckle. \"I'm wearing a dress!\" \"Something tells me that you were excited to put that on.\" \"What makes you think that?\" He scoffed with a mischievous disposition. \"I don't know.\" Katherine said simply and glanced at Higen who was beaming brightly at them. \"Are you ready for your first lesson?\" \"Born ready!\" The days passed slowly and peacefully in the village, Algren kept on training with the samurai warriors, always bravely trying to get better and better. So far, he had no luck and kept failing miserably. But that didn't stop him! He was even more determined to fight honorably. He and Katherine continued having English conversations with the respectable and fascinating Katsumoto. Every time they would finish speaking with the leader, both Katherine and Algren admired him even more. There was just so much to learn about these people. One fairly warm afternoon, Katherine watched Nathan practice with the other men. He attempted to attack the tall mountain-like man, named Nakao. However, he was easily brushed aside and Algren ended up in a pile of dirt again. Katherine giggled, as both the silent samurai and Higen kept watching Algren struggle to get up on his feet for the tenth time. Ujio was standing close by as he supervised everyone. He met Katherine's eyes, lingering for a second and nodded at her in acknowledgement, before continuing to bark commands loudly. Even the toughest samurai had a kind heart. Katherine was perplexed in a good way. She continued wondering around and found herself staring at the mounted archers as they practiced their way of the bow. Nobutada was gliding in the middle, shooting the targets with an ease and amazing skill. When he was finished, he turned his attention to impressed Katherine and walked up to her with a smirk. \"That was absolutely mind-blowing.\" Katherine told him in fascination. \" Would you like to try?\" He asked her sweetly, his eyes full with warmth and...love? Katherine was shocked. \" Me? Women aren't allowed to touch manly weapons. You and Ujio made that clear on the battlefield.\" \"We never said that.\" Nobutada told her simply. \" Battlefield is not a woman's place. But all samurai women are required to be skilled in the arts of war. Men fight in the frontline and women must stay behind to defend their families, if the enemy enters the village.\" Nobutada explained to her. Katherine's eyes widened in surprise and puzzlement. She didn't know this at all. She always believed that these men were far more sexist towards women than westerners. Wow, she was learning so many new things...it was unbelievable. Why did she judge these unique people so quickly? \" So, do you want to give it a try?\" Nobutada asked, after a pause. Katherine nodded gently, as the two of them walked towards the shooting targets. \" I've never done this. I might need extra help.\" She spoke nervously, causing Nobutada to smile because of her innocent words. The young samurai handed her the bow and arrow and said excitingly. \" Alright, let's see what you can do.\" He grinned brightly. Katherine awkwardly and clumsily tried to position herself... alas, she was realizing just how difficult this was. Nobutada couldn't help but smile in amusement at her. \"Instead of laughing at me...just show me the correct way.\" Katherine muttered frustrated. Katsumoto's son walked up to her and gently grasped her hands. He guided her arms into proper position to fire the arrow and whispered in her ear. \" Breathe in as you draw back, and breathe out when you release, but don't blink. Keep your eyes on the target at all times. \" Nobutada tapped her fingers and Katherine released the arrow. It landed with a thud a breathe away from the center of the target. Only then, did Katherine realize just how close she and Nobutada were to each other. \"Very impressive. And you're just a beginner.\" Nobutada remarked proudly and walked over to the target and pulled the arrow. \"You were my teacher.\" Katherine said softly and the young samurai responded with a gentle smile. What was going on? Nobutada was beginning to have small butterflies in his stomach. Was he that taken with her? What was happening to him?! How could this befallen him?![Chapter 33] Chapter 33 Forgiven One windy evening, Katherine and Nathan were seated at the small dinner table together with Taka, Nobutada, Higen, and little Magojiro. Everything seemed normal, calm, and very quiet as always. They kept eating silently, hearing the heavy storm and wind from the outside, until Nathan spoke up in Japanese, asking Taka for more rice politely and thanking her. Everyone stopped...he had spoken! They looked over at Algren in complete puzzlement. Katherine's eyes widened in surprise. Her student was a very quick learner indeed. Nobutada was very excited to hear his male guest speaking in his language. \" Taka, he spoke Japanese!\" he exclaimed enthusiastically. \" Don't be shy. Eat!\" Nobutada encouraged Algren, as Taka handed him the bowl of rice. \"Excellent job, Nathan.\" Katherine beamed softly. Nobutada, Higen and Magojiro were so excited about the fact that Nathan had finally spoken Japanese, they eagerly started yammering in their language. \"Not so fast.\" Algren said, little bit overwhelmed. He looked Katherine in panic, hoping she could explain what the overly-excited boys were saying. Katherine however, was having too much fun by observing the helpless Nathan. She was not planning on ruining the amusing and very adorable sight. Frustrated Algren held up his chopsticks. \"W-what is this?\" He asked Nobutada. \"Hashi.\" The young samurai responded eagerly. \"Hashi.\" Algren repeated, as Nobutada laughed happily and nodded at him. Magojiro was hysterical with glee. The little toddler started pointing to his nose, eyes and ears; shouting the Japanese words for each. Katherine couldn't help but beam in delight at the heartwarming scene in front of her. Algren shook his head and smiled sweetly. For the first time, he had finally smiled at these people. Katherine was surprised...but in a very good way. \"I...I am Algren.\" Nathan pointed at himself and spoke in English. \"All-gren\" Nobutada attempted to pronounce the word. \"Alugrain?\" Higen threw in, trying to repeat it. Nathan nodded at them softly and there was a pause, as he glanced at very amused Katherine sitting next to him. \"Nobutada.\" The young samurai announced, obviously introducing himself to him. \"Nobutada.\" Algren nodded in acknowledgement politely. \"Magojiro, Higen.\" He continued pointing at the two small boys. Each time, Nathan repeated their names in order to remember them correctly. Before Nobutada could say anything else, Nathan interrupted and fixed his gaze on the very quiet woman sitting next to the young samurai. She had remained very still and silent when the adorable interaction occurred. For Katherine, it was almost like as if Taka was little bit displeased with the whole thing. But then again, she couldn't blame her. \"Taka.\" Algren said gently. He knew her name and remembered it well. As soon as Nathan uttered her name, Taka's lowered eyes suddenly met his soft gaze. There was a pause, as the two individuals stared at each other intently. \"And this is Kitty!\" Magojiro exclaimed all of a sudden, as if they didn't know her name by now. He threw himself in Katherine's arms and hugged her excitingly. Katherine giggled at the little boy and hugged him right back. \" Magojiro, behave.\" Taka told him softly and Katherine shook her head. \" It's alright. He is too sweet.\" She embraced the little boy. Taka didn't say anything, she slowly stood up and left the table. When the dinner was over, Algren had gone off to the porch probably to see where Taka was and the little boys went to their bed chambers. Katherine cleared the table, washed the dishes and was about to turn in herself, when Nobutada approached. \" My aunt was going to do that. You shouldn't have.\" \" I think she deserves a little break.\" Katherine remarked genuinely. Nobutada nodded in understanding. There was silence before he spoke up again. \" You taught him?\" He asked, obviously referring to Algren. Katherine was little bit confused with sudden change of subject, but she was quickly back on track. \"Yes, he was eager to learn.\" She responded with a soft smile. \" He is a good man.\" The young samurai commented, surprising Katherine with his words. \" Even after he killed your...uncle?\" She raised her eyebrows. Of course, she herself didn't believe it was Nathan's fault at all, but what about Nobutada? Did he forgive him? \"How many uncles, brothers, sons, husbands and fathers have I killed?\" Katsumoto's son questioned deeply. \" That is the art of war. You must kill or be killed.\" Katherine swallowed uncomfortably as she recalled the horrible battle she had witnessed few months back. She was actually quite glad that Nobutada was open-minded and didn't blame Nathan for what happened with Hirotaro. \"Besides, my uncle died honorably. It was a good death.\" Nobutada added softly, and Katherine cringed at his words. Died honorably? What was that supposed to mean...he was dead - killed in the army so ruthlessly! His sons didn't have a father, and his wife was a widow. What was honorable about that? She couldn't understand these people entirely. Their mentality was just too strange for someone like her. However, she did agree with the young samurai in the first sentence. After all, the war was war...and someone's fathers, husbands, sons, brothers, and uncles, were bound to die. \"I know...but I can't imagine how hard this must be for your aunt.\" Katherine admitted quietly and sighed heavily. \"She is strong. She will be alright.\" Nobutada said convinced. \" I don't know.\" Katherine huffed. \" If my husband was killed and I had to care for his murderer and have him in my house...I would probably kill him without a thought.\" Nobutada's eyes widened in shock. \" Well, I'll definitely avoid to kill your husband then.\" He said playfully, causing Katherine to smile. \"You know, you're a good man too.\" Katherine told him softly, after a bit of a pause. She turned towards her chamber, but didn't get to leave because Nobutada called her. \" Kitty,\" She looked at him questionably, walking a little closer towards the samurai. \"Goodnight.\" He told her in English, his gaze was tender and warm. Katherine gently touched his shoulder in appreciation. \"Goodnight.\" She responded him sweetly and left without another word, leaving Nobutada with his soaring heart. Could it be? Was it really happening? The young samurai wondered. Is this what love feels like? No, it can't be. He was not in love. He was just being nice to his father's guest, wasn't he? Besides, they could never ever be together. He was the samurai lord's son and the girl was a westerner...she was with the enemy. She and that American man were on the different side. They supported Japan's modernization. They were typical westerners! Nobutada belonged in the village, where his people were, and Kitty belonged in the 'civilized' modern world...with someone like All-gren. In the Spring, she would go back to her people and forget about him, without a doubt. His heart started to ache at the thought of never seeing Kitty again. Oh, no! What was wrong with him?! He needed to stop this madness before he'd go way too far. His father would've been very disappointed in him. Nobutada shook his head, realizing that he would have trouble falling asleep that night. Algren wondered outside the porch, only to see Taka and Katsumoto engrossed in a very heated...what looked like...an argument. The two individuals noticed him standing there quietly and stopped. Taka softly spoke something to her brother, bowed her head in respect and left, walking past Algren and heading back inside. \"She has been very kind to me.\" Nathan said quietly and approached Katsumoto. \"She's honored to have a guest in her house.\" The leader replied calmly. Somehow, Nathan doubted his words...I mean, he had murdered her husband for goodness sakes! Why would she be so nice to him? It completely blew his mind. These people were so astonishing. It was just unbelievable. The weeks passed slowly and quietly in the village, and the long-awaited Winter finally arrived. The white layers of soft snow covered the entire place, the cool breezy weathers rushed in unexpectedly, and the routine of the people started to change for a little bit. New season brought new tasks and chores to everyone, including the fierce samurai warriors. Ujio stood in Katsumoto's temple stoically; they had just finished a conference about the battle tactics, and changes that Omura was bringing to their people. Ujio gazed over at the frozen trees and snow covered mountains in the distance. For some reason, that mysterious horse would not leave his mind. It just pained and frustrated him that he could not wrap his head around and solve the puzzle. What did the vision mean?! Why couldn't he figure it out? Maybe, it was time for him to ask Katsumoto for an advice. Or perhaps, he could go and look for the animal once more? Ugh, Ujio was very confused and frustrated. His train of thought was interrupted when a familiar figure walked in. It was that girl...Kitty? He hoped that he had remembered her name correctly. Katherine was surprised to see Ujio in the hall, because she was searching for Katsumoto. \" Forgive me, I have come to return this to lord Katsumoto.\" Katherine said politely and showed him a certain scroll. \" He is busy right now.\" Ujio answered simply. \" Come back later.\" Katherine paused for a minute, as she eyed the tough samurai curiously. \" How about I give it to you and you hand it to Katsumoto?\" She suggested, walking up close to him. Ujio met her gaze and thought about her words for a little bit. \" If that's what you want.\" He said at last, reaching out to take the scroll from Katherine's hands. As he did so, their fingers softly brushed for few seconds, before Katherine winced in surprise and took a step back. Ujio ignored the whole thing, and secured the scroll in his pocket. And then calmly, looked at Katherine's sea colored eyes. \" I guess, I'll go now.\" She told him uncomfortably, and turned around to leave. For some reason, Ujio felt like he wanted to talk with her for a little while. He knew nothing...almost nothing of the two hostages. The American idiot didn't interest him that much. This girl however, was peculiar...very peculiar. Especially, after that horse incident...maybe she was the key to solving his vision? \"Had any luck with the horse?\" He asked her suddenly. Katherine stopped and turned to face his solemn gaze. \" Not at all.\" She replied, as Ujio approached her calmly. \"It seemed like that animal was relaxed only with you.\" He announced, causing Katherine to wonder where the unexpected conversation was heading. \"Horses are skittish animals. They're afraid of weapons generally.\" Katherine informed, speaking from her own experience. Ujio took time to think about her words for a moment. \" Not all. Most of them participate in battles fiercely. And besides, I didn't have a weapon on me when I neared that horse.\" He explained to her. \"Maybe so. It is strange...but I was talking about firearms. The sounds scare them sometimes.\" Katherine said with a shrug. Her words seemed to change the direction of Ujio's thoughts as he enhaled a little bit. He spoke up afterwards. \" We gave up firearms two hundred years ago. It takes no courage to kill a man from half a mile away.\" Ujio stated his opinion bluntly. \" You must look into the eyes of the enemy to know who you have killed.\" As he said this, his eyes fixed at Katherine intently. Katherine was actually shocked that a tough and prejudice warrior like him would want to speak with her about such things. She somehow thought that not many got to hear him talk like that. Ujio seemed like a man of few words. \" I doubt the artillery officer would agree.\" Katherine replied with a small smirk. \" Do you?\" Ujio asked gently, astonishing himself with it. Why would he care what this little girl thought! Old Ujio from months ago would've been pissed off at him. But deep down, right now, he was actually curious. Did she agree with him or not? Katherine stared at him in puzzlement. Wait? Was she speaking with Katsumoto, Nobutada or with the cold Ujio? It was hard to tell right now. However, since he had questioned her about this...she would give him an honest reply. \" I think all killing's a filthy business.\" \"Taking a man's life is nothing. It is his honor you can never take away.\" Ujio told her firmly. Now Katherine was not pleased with what she heard. She could not agree with his way of thinking. \" In other words, you have no respect for human life.\" She said meaningfully, causing Ujio to glare at her in disbelief. \" What do you know of human life? \" He snapped angrily. \" You come here with that American dog for money! Where is your family? Your husband? Children? What is your legacy?\" \"And what is yours?\" Katherine questioned proudly. \" To rebel against future? Just couple of years ago, there was bloody civil war in America. The leaders of the South believed they were fighting for 'honor' just as you do. And their people died by the thousands!\" Ujio stared at her sternly. \" You don't know what you're talking about, woman.\" \"I do know that killing is disgusting and filthy.\" Katherine stated stubbornly. \"I don't think your precious dog agrees with you.\" \"He is not a dog! And he thinks the same way.\" Katherine responded meaningfully and crossed her arms. \" Is that why he murdered Hirotaro?\" Ujio asked with a scoff. Katherine rolled her eyes in irritation. \" You and I both know that he didn't have a choice.\" Ujio paused and stared at the sharp-tongued girl before him in amazement. He didn't know what to say anymore. Did this disrespectful woman really win the argument against him? \" Are all western women allowed to talk like that?\" He raised his brows questionably. \" No, ...it's just me.\" Katherine said honestly, shocked at how outspoken she was. A small smirk spread across Ujio's face, as he softly shook his head and with a quick nod, left her presence. This girl was indeed...something! He had never met anyone like her and doubted that would ever meet someone so brave again. It was almost too strange. Algren set close to the fireplace that evening, he wondered where Katherine had gone off to for so long. But he wasn't too worried about her anymore. Suddenly, the door opened and Taka walked in, her cheeks flushed red from the cold Winter air. She was carrying a huge sack of rice, and Nathan quickly went up to aid her. \" No, please.\" The soft-spoken woman protested. \"Hai.\" Algren insisted, and carried the rice for her into the pantry area. \" Japanese men don't help with this.\" Taka told him gently, and Nathan gazed at her intently. \" I am not Japanese.\" he replied calmly. Despite herself, Taka forced a smile on her face. She set down and steered the soup that she was boiling. It was so weird how this man had such an influence on her sons. She could tell that they were starting to adore him...and for obvious reasons too. Earlier, she witnessed how both Higen and Magojiro were helping him with new Japanese words, and he himself taught them little bit of English. Taka was slowly starting to understand that this man was not bad ...in fact, he was a very good human-being. This made it hard for her to hate him. As the days passed, she was slowly and quietly warming up to him. Algren gazed at the beautiful woman before him, unsure of what to say. \"I hope he treated you well.\" He whispered in English, referring to her deceased husband Hirotaro. \"You deserve it.\" Taka could not understand what he was murmuring about, but one thing was clear, he was speaking very tenderly and kindly to her. There was an awkward pause, as she stared up at him in poise. \" I am sorry for...sorry for \" Nathan started in Japanese, searching for perfect words. \"For your husband... Hirotaro.\" He finished in English. His expressions were guilt-ridden and remorseful. Taka was completely shocked, she fully understood what this man was telling her. Her eyes were filling up with tears. \" He did his duty. You did your duty.\" Taka found courage to speak up. Her gaze was warm and sweet. There was a pause again, and Taka took a deep breath.\" I accept your apology.\" She smiled genuinely, as Nathan kept staring at her in awe. He wasn't entirely sure of what this graceful woman had said to him, but her smile made him realize that he was forgiven. Before anything else could happen, Magojiro burst through the door and called for his mother. Taka wiped her small tear away, bowed at Algren and went to put her little son in bed again. Something steered in Nathan, his heart was racing like no other, and every time he closed his eyes...he wished to be near her. Katherine walked inside, she had returned from the temple, and she found Nathan all alone by the fireplace. \"Hey,\" she greeted warmly and Nathan responded with a quick smile. Something in his expression was different...he was happy and relieved. Katherine observed him quietly and noticed that Nathan was looking at Taka's room. Was he thinking about her? Nathan stood up at last and moved towards her. \"Thanks for the Japanese lessons, Kitty.\" He said and kissed her cheek sweetly. Without another word he headed in his own room, leaving Katherine to wonder what was happening to her dear friend. What was that about? Then...she froze. It suddenly occurred to her that Nathan had simply been forgiven by Taka. She had finally forgiven him for killing her husband. Katherine beamed in excitement and her heart suddenly became all warm inside. Share your thoughts! Thanks for the support.[Chapter 34] Chapter 34 Love Sick Katherine watched the delicate snow flakes fall gently on the ground from her small window. It was a mesmerizing sight, indeed. Everything outside was covered in white blankets of snow and she couldn't help but think that all of the seasons were magical in its own unique way. She sighed softly and wondered how long exactly would it take Nathan to come back. He had been with Katsumoto almost all day. It was already evening and the night had approached the Samurai village. Katherine glanced down at her journal with a small smile tucking her lips. She had written so much in it that it was already becoming difficult for her to think of anything to write. The shoji screen door opened, and Katherine looked up only to see little Magojiro entering with a big grin on his chubby face. \" Kitty-san, will you tell me a story?\" He asked quietly and turned his head to Taka, who was standing behind him in a motherly manner. \" Higen, it's time for you to sleep.\" The calm mother informed her little son. \" I want to hear a story, first.\" Higen insisted with pleading eyes, and Katherine couldn't say no to him at all. Besides, it was all her fault that the boy started asking for bad-time stories so frequently. Every night, she would go to him and narrate all sorts of tales and stories from books and from her own childhood days. Magojiro simply adored her artistic way of describing characters and coming up with plotlines. Even older Higen would often sit close to them and listen to Katherine. \" If you're alright with it...then I won't object.\" Taka told the western woman softly and bowed her head slightly. \" No, not at all. It's my pleasure.\" Katherine beamed brightly and Magojiro grinned in triumph. Taka was puzzled with her children. They were not only warming up, but they were seriously falling in love with the two gaijin 'guests'. It was so unexpected and unusual for her. But then again, it weren't only her sons, she had noticed the way her nephew gazed at Kitty. He was with no doubt taken with her. It was so obvious and yet so unbelievable. A Samurai in love with a foreign woman? This was unheard of! Taka slowly walked back towards the small kitchen area, and gazed out of the window herself. Things had changed so much...it was ridiculous how Nobutada had become so intrigued with the girl and he wouldn't dare to admit it. At the same time, there was this small tiny part of her that actually liked the American officer. It drew Taka crazy! He was a good man...but that didn't mean anything! He was still her enemy...or was he? No, he was anything but an enemy to her. He was so sweet, kind, caring and different from what she imagined. No! No way! Wait a second...she had gone too far! Her thoughts were incredibly dishonorable! She was bringing shame to her deceased husband! Taka took a deep breath and after gathering all the strength she had, she decided to stop thinking about all this for now...or even better...she would stop thinking about this forever! When Katherine finished narrating all kinds of stories to little Magojiro, she looked down only to see that the boy had fallen asleep in her arms. She gently and quietly took the sweet toddler in his own chamber where Taka had been waiting for them. With a soft and grateful smile, Taka nodded and grasped the boy from her arms. Katherine left without another word, she was still planning on waiting for Nathan, who was absent since the early morning. Katherine set down in the living-room area on the small mat and sighed. Things had been so peaceful and quiet here for almost an entire month now. She couldn't believe herself...never in her life did she imagine this! Her world had changed so much. It was so confusing to her. Why was she okay with all this? Since when did Katherine feel secure among these uncivilized barbarians? She was in her thoughts when Higen appeared in the room. The boy had a gentle smile on his face. \"Higen, why are you awake?\" Katherine asked him softly. \" It's little late.\" \"I know, I was just finishing my studies.\" Higen replied in a respectable tone and took a sit next to her. Katherine eyed the boy with much curiosity. \" You know Higen, you're very smart and mature for your age.\" \"Thank you very much, Kitty-san.\" Higen responded with a shy smile. Katherine beamed at him and paused. She didn't know how to carry on the conversation. By no means did she wish to appear over-bearing. Maybe she could ask him questions or something. When Katherine was still thinking about this, she noticed how her eyes swelled and teared up for a little bit. Her head was hurting as well. Although, the headache had started in the morning...now it seemed like it was getting worse. \" How many languages can you speak?\" Higen asked her, before she could open her mouth. \" Six.\" Katherine answered simply. \" English, Japanese, Spanish, French, Portuguese and Italian.\" Higen's mouth formed into a shape of 'O' with shock and surprise. Katherine couldn't help but giggle at his reaction. \"You must be really smart.\" Higen announced, he was really impressed. \" No, I'm just lucky.\" Katherine said in a dry manner. \" My father can speak almost over ten languages. He was the one who taught me.\" \"You must be happy to have a father like that.\" Higen sighed, his voice sounded a little sad. Katherine understood this entirely. The poor boy was missing his own father. It was just so heartbreaking to see him like this. And this pain was caused by the pride and prejudice of grown-up men who disgustingly volunteered to go to the battle and kill! She didn't care what their motives and reasons were. The fact was a fact. All killing was a filthy business! Simply horrible! \" Yes, my father is a wonderful man.\" Katherine spoke in a tender tone. \" I'm sure your father was a worthy man too.\" She turned to Higen, hoping to boost his spirits. The boy's eyes brightened immediately. \" He always told me how honorable it was to fight in the battle.\" Katherine forced a small smile on her face, as Higen continued. \" To him, dying in battle was glorious. He was a very brave samurai.\" Katherine thought about his words deeply. It was hard for her to comprehend the way these people taught their children from the early age to never fear death, and if anything, accept it with honor and glory. \"He was never afraid.\" Higen stated firmly. \" I want to be like him.\" The conversation between the two was interrupted, when Nobutada decided to enter the house. He had been listening to them for a while, until the cold winter air stung him and he could no longer stay out. Nobutada was actually touched at how sweetly and honestly Higen conversed with the western girl. Upon seeing the respected leader's son, both the young boy and Katherine stood up. Higen bowed at him in respect, and after that turned and nodded at Katherine. \" It was nice speaking to you, Kitty-san.\" \"Pleasure was all mine.\" Katherine responded gently and Higen walked towards his own room. \" You seem flushed. Are you tired?\" Nobutada asked, upon noticing that Katherine looked a little weak. The girl stared at him in surprise. He was so attentive to her, it was too much to ask for. \" I'm alright.\" Katherine waved her hand carelessly. Nobutada however, was not at all convinced but decided to drop the subject for a while. \" I couldn't help but overhear the conversation between you and Higen.\" Nobutada started softly, \" You miss your father?\" Katherine gazed at his caring eyes for a second or two. He was looking at her so warmly, so intently. It puzzled her. Why? Why was he so kind to her? \" Yes, very much.\" She admitted quietly, and Nobutada couldn't help but blame himself for it. After all, he was the one who had noticed her in the battlefield. He was the one who discovered and brought this calamity on her head! He wished that somehow she would warm up to this place, to the atmosphere, the people, and warm up to him eventually. But there was no denying that she wanted to be with her father...someone she loved and deeply cared about. She had joined the battle and almost sacrificed herself for him. \"If it were up to me...\" Nobutada started in a gentle manner, walking up close to Katherine. \" ...I'd take you to him in a heartbeat.\" \"Why?\" Katherine was shocked, she couldn't understand why this young samurai was so unbelievably kind to her. It was as if she meant something to him. \" Why are you so nice to me?\" She asked, and tears started to leak her eyes very slowly. Her head was hurting now more than ever. Nobutada gazed at her intently. His eyes were gentle, so full with warmth and tenderness. He didn't know the answer himself. He tried to figure it out many times, but there was always something that held him back. No! It couldn't be ... love. It was out of the question! \" And please don't say that it's because of your father.\" Katherine threw in, no longer waiting for his response. \" I don't believe it for a second. You're way too kind. Unnecessarily kind.\" As she was speaking, her vision started become all blurry. She wasn't feeling too well that particular day. Nevertheless, Katherine stared at the young man in determination. She needed an answer! \"If it displeases you so much, then I won't anymore.\" Nobutada answered simply, trying to retain himself and stay solemn. \" No, I just...want to know the reason.\" If only he could know the answer. Before Nobutada could say anything at all, he noticed how unwell Katherine was beginning to look. Her eyes were watery, her usually pink lips looked pale, and overall, she seemed weak. Suddenly, she stumbled, almost falling on the floor. Nobutada quickly grabbed her close, trying to keep her balanced. \" I'll be fine. My head ... ah just hurts.\" Katherine mumbled, attempting to sound normal. However, it was all in vain. She was sick. She couldn't hold herself anymore, the headache was too violent, her eyes were too blurry. Just like that, Katherine sunk to her knees and immediately, Nobutada picked her up, carrying her in the chamber. Nathan Algren entered on the scene and without any questions, rushed towards Katherine in panic. He had been engrossed in deep conversations with Katsumoto all day long. The last thing he was hoping to see right now was this! Poor Kitty wasn't looking well at all. Nobutada gently laid her on the bamboo mat and placed his hand on her heated forehead. He was starting to become very worried. \"She's burning up!\" Nathan exclaimed in realization. \"She's caught a fever.\" Nobutada looked at him knowingly and went out to call for Taka. Nathan stayed in the room with Katherine and brushed her stray curl aside from her face. She had her eyes closed and breathed heavily. Few minutes later, Taka came in calmly, she was carrying a bucket of water. Slowly and gently, she placed the cool towels over Katherine's heated forehead and glanced at Nathan. \" Is she alright? What's wrong with her?\" Nobutada asked his aunt frantically, and Taka could help but smile at how adorable he was right now. It was becoming way too obvious that her nephew cared a great deal about this girl. \" She has a fever. It's nothing serious.\" Taka said in a collected manner, and Nathan tried his best to grasp all the words he could. He wanted to be sure that Katherine was alright. \" She will be back to normal in few days \" Taka assured the overly-worried and anxious men. \"If it's nothing serious, then why does she look so weak?\" Nobutada insisted with concern, he went up and seated himself close to her. Gently and timidly, he took Katherine's hand in his and squeezed it tight in a comforting way. Nathan couldn't help but notice that little detail, and he was greatly taken aback by the young samurai's gesture. He glanced at Taka, who smiled at him weakly and nodded. She was trying to make him understand that Katherine would be alright, and Nathan picked that up fairly quickly. After all, it was winter and Katherine probably just caught a cold, and he was hoping that her high fever would go away quickly. However, he couldn't help but wonder that his friend wasn't the only one who was sick. Was it possible for Nobutada to catch the sickness of love? And if it was, how on earth didn't he figure that out sooner? And did Katherine even know about this?[Chapter 35] Chapter 35 It Will All Make Sense \"The Winter months are usually slow time for the kendo practices. We do however, instruct the warriors to train their minds in the solitude.\" Ujio informed his lord Katsumoto, who was casually sipping tea in silence. He looked up at him and nodded slowly. \"That's fine. Everyone needs a time off every now and then...even my most strongest samurai.\" The leader spoke calmly, a small smile tucking his lips. Ujio bowed in respect and turned away to leave Katsumoto's presence; he had fulfilled his duty and had nothing more to say. \"Ujio-san,\" His lord called for him sharply. \" My lord?\" The tough warrior froze and turned to Katsumoto questionably. \"Is something bothering you, lately?\" He asked softly, Ujio tensed and shook his head at once. \"No, my lord...I'm alright.\" He lied, trying to sound as normal as possible. \"Interesting...\" Katsumoto wondered, obviously not at all convinced with Ujio's response. \" Since when do my most trustworthy warriors conceal things from me?\" Ujio winced and bowed his head, ashamed that Katsumoto had caught him in dishonesty. \" You and my young son aren't yourselves lately. Are you two in trouble?\" The leader asked, standing up from his seat and moving closer to Ujio. Ujio became confused. He knew that this vision had indeed played a big role in his strange behaviors for the last few weeks. After all, he couldn't concentrate on anything anymore. His mind seemed to be occupied with this omen! Especially, after the horse from his vision made an unexpected appearance and then, just as unexpectedly disappeared. But what of Nobutada? What did he have to do with all this? Why did Katsumoto mention him at all? \"I'm not sure what your son has to do with this, my lord.\" The honorable samurai answered calmly. Katsumoto raised his eyebrows in disbelief, but said no more of Nobutada. He would speak with his son later on that matter. \" Alright, then what is it that bothers you ?\" Ujio took a deep breath and exhaled slowly. Maybe it was time to share his unexplainable vision and feelings with his lord and friend, who with no doubt, would have some kind of answer to this. Yes, at first, Ujio hoped that he would solve this mysterious dream-like omen by himself, however, that was proving to be way difficult than he had imagined. \" A few months ago, I had a vision while I was mediating.\" Ujio started explaining his situation to Katsumoto, who in turn, listened very attentively. \" I saw a magnificent white horse. It seemed troubled and unhappy. For few seconds, it reared and screamed in agony but then...suddenly, the animal found comfort with me and gently rested its head on my shoulder. I looked into the horse's eyes and it looked into mine...then, the magnificent creature disappeared. And I could tell, it was sad to leave me behind, but I wanted it to go and save itself. I can't put it into words how I was feeling. It's too difficult. It was as if...I knew the horse really well and I cared for it deeply.\" Katsumoto eyes widened in complete fascination and surprise. He was no stranger when it came to visions and omens. He had yet to understand it for himself. So far he did know however, that the tiger in his own vision symbolized the brave American soldier. \" Tell me, Ujio...did this vision come to you after we captured the westerners or before?\" \"After.\" Katsumoto thought about this for few minutes and started walking back and forth, trying to comprehend this mysterious omen. \" You believe it has something to do with the foreigners we caught?\" Ujio asked, a little dumbfounded that his lord would suggest something like that. \"I am not sure about your vision...but mine had everything to do with them or him, to be precise.\" Katsumoto stated, shocking Ujio with his revelation. Looks like he wasn't the only one with the mystery to solve. \" You had a vision as well, my lord?\" Since they were both in the same boat, Katsumoto decided to trust his most honorable friend and warrior and told him all about the brave tiger he had seen few months before the battle. And the parallels he had seen between the animal from his vision and fierce American officer. Ujio's eyes opened up in realization. Now it all started to make sense...no one understood why Katsumoto had kept Hirotaro's murderer alive, but this news explained everything! \" My vision is so much more complicated, my lord.\" Ujio spoke up afterwards. Katsumoto seemed to have it way easier. He had seen the tiger fighting of the group of his samurai warriors, and then Algren too was in the same spot bravely standing up for his life, just like that fierce tiger. The meaning of this omen was another question. But at least, his lord was close to solving the puzzle. He was sure that it had something to do with that American fellow. Ujio however, had yet to understand what that white horse symbolized. Besides, that appearance of the magnificent creature only made things worse. Now he was even more confused and unsure of everything. \"Ujio, do you think that horse we saw couple of weeks ago was the one from your vision?\" Katsumoto asked thoughtfully, as he recalled the huge commotion in the training fields that was caused by the appearance of a strange creature. \"At first, I thought so. But in my vision, the animal was relaxed with me. I even touched its nose...in the fields however, that horse almost knocked me down. It simply hated me!\" Katsumoto shook his head. Wow! This was so difficult, no wonder his honorable samurai couldn't concentrate properly on anything anymore. \"The girl...that European.\" Ujio said quietly. \" She was the only one who managed to calm that horse. It was like they had a bond.\" \"That's very strange, indeed.\" The samurai leader remarked, still puzzled at everything he had heard. The two men were silent for a second or two, until Katsumoto took a deep breath and spoke up. \"There are many things we might not understand at the moment, but rest assured, it will all make sense when the time is right. Why do you think I kept the American alive? Or even that European girl? I know that sooner or later, I will understand everything clearly. And so will you, Ujio-san.\" Katsumoto explained calmly and with a small smile, left his friend and warrior to reflect on all this. Taka had been right when she predicted that Katherine would get better soon and that nothing serious had befallen her. In matter of few days, the fever that took a toll on Katherine had vanished, and her health was slowly improving. She was regaining the strength, but Nathan had insisted that she needed to rest and remain in 'bed'...well, more like on a bamboo mat. Taka took great care of her, and Nobutada never left the house not even to train with the other samurai warriors. Nathan observed this curiously and with new eyes. He wanted to be sure of his speculations. Katherine opened her eyes the next morning, and was met by Higen and Magojiro's warm and curious glances. They were standing in the doorway that was halfway open, and were whispering something to their mother. \"Kitty, how are you feeling?\" Nathan asked, he was sitting right next to her. A huge smile spread across Katherine's face when she met her dear friend's gaze. \"I feel a lot better.\" She spoke confidently and set up. \"Hey, are you sure?\" Nathan questioned as he offered a cup of tea to Katherine. \"Let's not be hasty.\" \"I'm fine.\" Kitty insisted as Taka entered the chamber, bringing a tray of food as always. \"I brought you a hot soup.\" She said softly and Katherine thanked her politely. \"Well, eat up Katherine. You need to regain your strength.\" Nathan sounded like her overly-protective father. He briefly glanced at quiet Taka, who whispered something to Katherine in Japanese and with a quick bow left the room. \"She says that I can get up if I want to.\" Katherine informed Nathan relieved. \"To be honest with you, I am terribly bored. The fresh air will do me some good.\" \"Now, now. No need to rush into things.\" Algren continued in a parent-like manner. \"One at a time. First eat and then we will talk about going outside.\" Katherine couldn't help but laugh at his answer. \"My goodness Nathan! You sound like my Governess Lucinda.\" \"Hey, I promised your father I'd take care of you.\" He answered, little bit embarrassed that he was being compared to an over-bearing nanny. \"I always keep my promises.\" \"That's what she used to say.\" Katherine giggled and Nathan rolled his eyes in irritation. The door slid open, as both of the westerners looked up to meet Nobutada's gaze. He walked in stoically and calmly required after Katherine's health. \"I feel a lot better. Thank you.\" She replied, grateful that so many people cared about her. Nobutada nodded in a cool and collected manner and after glancing at Nathan, left the two of them in peace. Katherine stared after him, little bit surprised that Nobutada's usual warm and tender gestures were exchanged with a cold and serious demeanor. She decided to let it go for a while and turned to Nathan, who was watching her intently. \"What?\" Katherine asked in alarm. \"If I didn't know any better, I'd say that Katsumoto's son is quite taken with you.\" He told her in full honesty, causing Katherine to gasp in shock. \"That's an absurd!\" She exclaimed in surprise, completely oblivious to that fact. \"Seriously Katherine, it's so obvious.\" \"He is taken with me? You're insane!\" \"I noticed the way he looks at you.\" Nathan said with a little smirk on his face. \"That's the most ridiculous thing I've heard you say.\" Katherine crossed her arms in disbelief. \"Why would he fancy me? He is a Japanese Samurai and I am an European daughter of his enemies' translator.\" \"My thoughts exactly!\" Nathan agreed with a nod. \"But he really does like you Katherine. I know it.\" \"You're wrong! So wrong.\" She shook her head in astonishment. \"Listen, be careful alright? It's not every day a Samurai leader's son falls in love with you. This is rare and strange. And who knows what might happen.\" Nathan was becoming more and more frustrated. Katherine listened to him, utterly speechless and in complete puzzlement. \"I still...don't believe you.\" She told him hesitantly. \"That's up to you.\" Nathan shrugged simply. \"But if I were you, I'd keep my distance. Nothing will come out of this. You're both bound to get hurt. So please, promise me that you won't encourage him.\" \"That will be little difficult for me, considering that fact that he is my protector.\" She responded forcefully, still shocked at this revelation. The more she thought about it however, the more it was starting to make sense. \"I will ask Katsumoto to switch our guards. You can have 'Bob' and Nobutada will be with me.\" Nathan spoke up, suddenly struck with an idea. Katherine sighed uncomfortably. \"How can you be so sure of this?\" \"I'm not hundred percent sure, but I'm a guy and I know stuff. Alright?\" Katherine raised her eyebrows at him, still not convinced. \"How preposterous.\" She muttered under her breath. \" You care for her, don't you?\" Taka neared her nephew, who stood on the porch and looked over the snowy landscapes. He was trying to battle with these unwanted feelings but all in vain. \" I've never felt like this about anyone before. I'm bringing shame to my father's good name.\" Nobutada admitted, unable to continue lying to his aunt anymore. \" How can you say that? There's no shame in falling in love.\" Taka spoke softly with a smile. \"I am not in love.\" Nobutada stated firmly and descended the porch stairs, making his way towards the forest path. He needed to be alone! Taka shook her head and went inside. It was amusing how her nephew tried to be in denial despite all the feelings he had for that girl. I want to take a moment and thank those who reviewed and read this story. It means so much to me guys! Your support keeps me going. Also, I do hope I'm not dragging this too slowly. I just want to concentrate on details and make it as realistic as possible. I know that nothing exciting happens in the winter months in the original movie. But I do want to take that as an opportunity for the characters to get to know each other more.[Chapter 36] Chapter 36 The Snow Day For almost a week, Katherine was treated by Nathan like some sort of a porcelain doll. He wouldn't allow her to go outside or leave her bed-chamber for more than half an hour, he continuously acted like her personal physician. For first few days, Katherine was alright with it and seemed rather honored to have received such treatment from him. But now, she was starting to debate who was more over-bearing; her snobby Governess Lucinda or Nathan Algren. From the looks of it, Nathan had totally won! After the terribly boring six few days, Katherine finally convinced her passionate 'guardian' with the help of Taka, that she was no longer sick and required no assistance in these matters. Algren calmed at last, he had been pretty tense lately; always desperately looking out for Mr. Graham's daughter. He dreaded that she'd catch pneumonia or some other horrible viruses. Thankfully, soon enough, he realized that there was no danger anymore and relaxed. However, part of Nathan, was still very much worried for Katherine. After all, he seriously didn't want her getting caught up in the forbidden romance. And even though, nothing was for certain yet and his speculations about Nobutada weren't confirmed 'officially', Nathan was still really concerned. It was hilarious and amusing how Algren had slowly changed into this different person. If somebody told him six months ago that he'd be looking after a young woman like an obsessive nanny in the Samurai Village, he'd without a doubt burst into a hysterical laughter. And if one had remotely mentioned to him that he'd develop gentle feelings towards his enemy's widow and his children, he'd probably call that person clinically insane! Same goes for Katherine Graham, who six months ago, was cheerfully dreaming about visiting America, whose only problem used to be that too many suitors asked for her hand. Never in a million years, she'd imagine that her world would turn upside down so drastically. And yet, here they were; two different people, with two different set of skills and minds, forced together in a foreign land with the strangest people in the world. Life is funny like that! \" What is that?\" Magojiro asked very curiously, as Katherine gathered a pile of snow together...she was attempting to build a snowman in front of Taka's house. However, quite soon, she began to realize that it wasn't going to be an easy job, considering the fact that she was doing this alone. And when was this last time since she build one? She couldn't remember...but her father used to help her with it every Christmas when she was young. It was like their sweet little tradition. The main reason why Katherine decided to build a snowman that day, was that she was dreadfully missing her old life as the festive Christmas season approached, so this was like a piece of her own childhood again. \"I'm trying to build a snowman.\" She responded cheerfully, picking up a big snowball that she had made, \" Now, this will be its head.\" The little boy observed her carefully, he had never seen anything like it before. \"Man made of snow?\" \" Yes, come...give me a hand.\" Katherine insisted, and attempted to place the head on a snowman's slightly disheveled body, however, just like that...her whole 'masterpiece' suddenly came crushing down, everything was ruined in mere seconds. She let out a growl of frustration, but little Magojiro burst into an adorable laughter. \"I saw that coming!\" Exclaimed Nathan with a chuckle. He was standing on the porch of the house together with his bodyguard 'Bob'. \"You find this amusing?\" She asked him irritated. \"It's not only me!\" Nathan responded sharply, and Katherine fixed her gaze on Magojiro who was still laughing. His older brother was not too far away either; he had been trying to mediate however, Katherine's misfortune caught his attention as well. The very annoyed Kitty frowned when she noticed that even Higen was chuckling now. \"You're impossible, Nathan!\" She huffed, throwing her hands in the air. \"Stop mocking me and come help!\" \"Oh come now, don't bore us with your kids game.\" Algren answered as he slowly came towards them. \"But that's the only thing that keeps me in a Christmassy mood here.\" Nathan sighed, \"I was never a big fan of Christmas. As the matter of fact, neither are these boys.\" \"Well, I am! And I intend to spread the joyful spirit of Christmas.\" Katherine announced with a proud smirk. \"Besides, that's the also only thing that makes me stand this never-ending snow!\" She kicked the carrot that was buried in the midst of her ruined snowman pile. \"Alright, let's build your snowman!\" Algren gave up and keeled down to pick up the carrot. \"Son of a bitch...\" he muttered at his inflexibility, but then paused when Magojiro's soft bright eyes stared up at him. \"It's a good thing you don't understand me, kid.\" He smiled and petted the small boy on the back. Katherine meanwhile, surreptitiously scooped up a handful of snow. She glanced at the unsuspecting Algren with a mischievous smile and suddenly grabbing the back of his collar, shoved the cold snow inside of it, extracting a startled gasp from her victim. Quickly, she picked up her skirts, giggling merrily as she darted away. \"Kitty!\" Nathan cried out, as icy cold melting snow trickled down his back. \"I'll get you for that!\" \"Gotta catch me first!\" High stepping through the deep snow, Katherine made a bee-line for the nearest tree. She knew she had to take cover quickly before Nathan caught up with her. His long legs gave him the ability to move much faster than she could, and the knowledge that he was behind her in hot pursuit increased her excitement. What Katherine didn't know however, was that Nathan had ganged up on her with eager Higen and Magojiro who happily joined the mischievous game. As soon as she was safely behind the tree, Katherine scooped up another handful of snow and lopped at Nathan. It was a direct hit. Wiping the snow off his face, Nathan dove behind a snowdrift as another snowball sailed past his head. \"Come boys, let's get her!\" He encouraged the two sons of Taka in their language. Luckily Katherine's Japanese lessons were becoming really useful for him. Higen and Magojiro earnestly nodded and grabbed the handful of snow, ready to fire at the naughty girl. \"So you wanna fight, huh?\" Nathan shouted, as he threw off two snowballs of his own in rapid succession. \"It's not polite to hit a girl!\" Katherine replied, ducking behind her tree as snowballs started flying by. \"You don't know who you're messing with! I am a military officer, remember? I have a great aim!\" Raising his head above the snowdrift to launch a new volley, he cried as a snowball collided with his forehead. He looked around only to see that little Magojiro had fired at him. \" I'm with Kitty-san!\" The boy chuckled and ran towards Katherine. \"I'm not concerned or impressed by your threats, sir, considering you have yet to hit me once. Where's all my snowballs have found their mark!\" Katherine exclaimed triumphantly and turned to her new team member, speaking up in Japanese. \" Great job, Magojiro!\" The tiny boy laughed joyfully, but suddenly a big snowball hit his butt. His older brother, Higen had fired it on behalf of Nathan. Before Katherine could realize what was happening, she was silenced with a well-aimed strike on her shoulder by Algren who shouted with a laugh. \"You were saying?!\" Still laughing, both Higen and Algren scooped more handfuls of snow, forming them quickly to build their arsenal. Due to the lack of missiles coming their way, and sounds coming from behind the tree, they knew that Katherine and Magojiro were busy doing the same. When an adequate supply had been made, Nathan carefully peeked over the top of his snowdrift. Spotting Katherine's back sticking out from behind the tree, he broke out into a big grin and with a nod of approval from Higen, took careful aim. But before he could throw, a snowball hit him square in the back of the head. \"HEY!\" Nathan cried out, his deep voice echoing through the area. Higen rapidly looked over to see who had attacked them from behind, but no one was in sight. As Nathan was searching for the mysterious fighter, he was struck again in the back of the head, this time from Katherine. Whipping back around, another of her snowballs disintegrated his chin. At almost the same moment, still another hit him between the shoulders. Under fire from two directions, a furious exchange of snowballs took place, as Nathan started throwing almost blindly at the female target in front of him and the hidden assailant behind him. Higen tried to aid his team member, but the rapid snowballs flying in their direction soon overtook them both. Finally, losing miserably and with his arsenal exhausted, a soggy Nathan declared a ceasefire, much to Higen's displeasure. But there was absolutely no way they could win now. They were completely surrounded. \"Alright! I give up!\" \"Are you requesting a parlay, sir?\" Katherine called out from the safety of her tree. \"No. I'm offering a surrender in the hopes that I'll be granted mercy.\" Nathan answered, as Katherine carefully looked out from behind the tree, giggly Magojiro right by her side. Before any of them could say anything else, all of a sudden, Higen nudged Nathan and motioned him to look at something. The American soldier turned around only to see Nobutada emerging from his hiding place with a huge grin on his face. He had been the secret attacker! \"Oh come on!\" Nathan exclaimed. \"You were on her side too?\" Shaking his head in dismay. \"What is it?\" Katherine approached them together with Magojiro. \"Nobu, you play too?\" The young boy questioned merrily, bouncing up and down on his toes. \" Yes indeed, and I must say I didn't except you to give up so soon.\" He announced with a proud smirk, fixing his eyes on the irritated Nathan. Katherine translated Katsumoto's son's words to him with glee. \"Who says I gave up?\" Algren cried out suddenly, grabbing the handful of snow and unexpectedly hitting Nobutada with it. Immediately the boys let out a cry of enthusiasm as they realized that the fight was still on. Nobutada swiftly ran after Nathan in hopes of getting him back, and Katherine scooped up the snow to join the fight as well. It was indeed quite a sight, as they all kept racing and throwing snowballs at each other. The sheer sounds of playful cries and laughter, brought Taka outside to watch the mischievous display. She stood on the porch of her house with a huge smile on her face. Taka hadn't been this happy since her husband had died. It was adorable to see her sons and Nobutada getting along with the two westerners so well. She was pleasantly surprised and deep down very glad to witness this wild and yet such a sweet little sight. Taka observed this with warm and fuzzy feelings; she was so concentrated that she failed to notice that someone had approached her from behind. \"What on earth is happening?\" She was snapped back to reality by Ujio's harsh question. \" Ujio-san, you've startled me.\" Taka responded with her soft and graceful tone, lowering her eyes with politeness. \" It's a snowball fight.\" Ujio stared at her as if he were listening to a mentally disabled person. \" A-what?\" \" The snowball fight.\" Confirmed Katsumoto, as he approached his sister and Ujio on horseback. He had been watching the adorable display from a distance for quite sometime now. As soon as he appeared, both Taka and the tough samurai bowed in respect. \" Western games are amusing, no?\" he asked with a smirk, receiving a nod of agreement from Nathan's silent bodyguard who was watching the wild game close-by. Ujio twitched his jaw uncomfortably as he fixed his gaze on the playful individuals running wild before him. \" My lord, isn't this disgraceful?\" \"On the contrary, I find it refreshing.\" Katsumoto admitted with a smile and after small pause, urged his horse away and left their presence. Ujio bowed to his leader once more and turned his attention back on the scene. He didn't know what bothered him more; the fact that they were 'disgracing' themselves, or the fact that they were all out there having fun and enjoying the snow day. Probably the latter...although, he wasn't about to admit it to himself. When was the last time since he had acted so carelessly? Never...he couldn't remember! From an early age, Ujio was brought up to be serious and responsible, he hardly had an opportunity to enjoy life...hence why he was in his mid thirties and still with no family of his own.[Chapter 37] Chapter 37 A Fiery Dispute Nobutada walked down the hall of his father's temple in a leisurely manner. He had been summoned in the meeting room to discuss important affairs with the rest of the samurai warriors and his lord and father, Katsumoto. When he finally entered the chamber, he found himself surprised upon seeing only Ujio, Nakao, and Yoshida in his father's presence. He believed that there was going to be a bigger gathering, apparently it wasn't like that at all. \" There you are, Nobutada.\" Greeted the Samurai warlord professionally. \" We've been waiting for you to join us.\" Nobutada bowed in respect and took his place, his eyes lowered, and patiently waited for his father to announce his intentions. \"Before we get to anything, Nobutada, would you care to shed some light on our Western hostages?\" Kataumoto spoke up and shifted his gaze on his young son. \"There's not much to be said, my lord.\" Katsumoto's son answered tactfully. \" They seem to be getting used to our village...I get the feeling that they're actually happy here. \" The leader of the warriors looked rather pleased with the news. Ujio however, was unable to hide his irritation at Nobutada's words. \" Well, you would know.\" He remarked bitterly, earning a surprised glance from Katsumoto. Nobutada, despite everything, decided to ignore his comment, after all, he was the youngest person in the room. He knew his place...he had to respect the warriors who were older and far more experienced than him. Nobutada was in no position and had no rights to lecture anyone in that room. \" Is something the matter, Ujio?\" Katsumoto raised his eyebrows, sensing that something was definitely not right with his men. \" Forgive me, my lord.\" The proud warrior started calmly. \" Somehow I just don't see fit for an accomplished samurai, who also happens to be the leader of the village, to mortify himself by participating in childish games with the gaijin captives.\" Nobutada glared at Ujio, slowly becoming angry for his spiteful words. Nakao and Yoshida, didn't say anything, but from their expressions, you could detect that they were shocked with this revelation. Katsumoto smirked slightly, allowing Ujio to continue speaking. \" I don't know about others, but I believe the correct behavior for an honorable samurai would be to put them in their place. Not encourage them...like you did.\" Ujio finished and fixed his eyes on the very annoyed Nobutada. Nakao and Yoshida however, nodded and agreed with the tough samurai in low voices. \" Ujio-san,\" The young warrior tried to contain his anger, and started speaking calmly. \" Don't you think that you're over-reacting about this?\" \"On the contrary, I believe it's important for us to remember our duties as samurai.\" Ujio answered firmly and again, Nakao and Yoshida were muttering things in agreement. Katsumoto set in silence and curiously watched the scene before him unfold. \" Well then, concern yourself with your duties and I will with mine.\" Nobutada snapped at Ujio firmly, his young blood more and more boiling with rage. \"And what could that be, I wonder?\" Ujio exclaimed sarcastically. \" Oh yes, of course!...bending over backwards to fulfill that gaijin girl's every caprice!\" \"How dare you!\" Nobutada flew up from his seat in fury. \" You know very well that she's not capricious!\" \" Stop defending her! It's pathetic!\" Ujio rose from his knees in anger. \"For your information, she has a name!\" \" And there you go again!\" Ujio threw his hands in the air in frustration. \" You're a samurai! It's time you started to act like one!\" Nobutada furiously made an advance at the older man, but this time Katsumoto had enough! He immediately stood up and exclaimed complete rage. \" I will not stand for such insolence! Foolish boy, take a seat!\" his eyes flushed at Nobutada, who obeyed the firm command of his father right away. \" Do not shame me like this!\" \"And what has gotten into you, Ujio?\" He barked angrily at the proud samurai, who was still glaring at Nobutada in displeasure. \" Forgive me, my lord.\" He responded quietly, lowering his head in shame. \" What was this about? Care to explain?\" Katsumoto demanded, his voice strong and unforgiving. He couldn't believe it! His two most trust worthy men were acting so despicable! And in front of him! \"Ujio-san was the one who started this argument.\" Nobutada spoke up in a defensive manner. \" I have done nothing that I'm ashamed of. Yes, I did participate in a 'childish' game, and yes, I didn't reproach Higen and Magojiro for joining in either, and yes, I did not put the westerners in their place. They're my father's guests and I intend on treating them well. I am no barbarian.\" He finished his speech, and clearly indicated that the only 'barbarian' in the room was Ujio. \" You're only saying this because you've become infatuated with that woman!\" Ujio burst once more, but this time, everyone...including Katsumoto, froze in utter puzzlement at his words. \"What is the meaning of this? What woman?\" The leader questioned them in fury. \" Have you no shame at all? Why are you causing such a dishonorable scene in my temple?\" Nobutada stared at Ujio in outrage, he was this close from attacking him. He always respected and looked up to him as a role model however, Ujio had indeed crossed a line this time! \" Are you talking about that European girl?\" Yoshida asked Ujio in a soft tone, who nodded at him in response. \" Kitty?\" Katsumoto asked stunned. What was going on? He was having a really hard time comprehending this sudden fiery situation between his son and Ujio. Were his men arguing over the European woman that he had brought? What the hell was happening?! Whatever it was, he was sure that Kitty had something to do with this scandalous dispute.[Chapter 38] Chapter 38 The Witch of The West Utter and complete silence fell over the four samurai warriors, as Katsumoto patiently waited for an answer from either on of them, but neither would speak up. Nobutada continued to fume quietly at Ujio, who in turn, glared at him in irritation. Nakao and Yoshida could not dare to say anything anymore. The situation was rather tense as the two samurai silently threw daggers at each other with their eyes. At last, Katsumoto could no longer stand it and spoke up. \" Nakao, Yoshida, Ujio, you are all dismissed.\" He spat rather harshly, still very angry at his son's and Ujio's sudden outburst. \" Nobutada, you stay where you are.\" he fixed his gaze on the young warrior. Immediately, the three men bowed respectfully at their warlord and left without a word. \" I was always proud of you, my son.\" Katsumoto started calmly yet strictly, once he was alone with Nobutada. \" From an early age, you proved to me that you were capable of being a good leader someday. Until now...what has gotten into you, boy?\" The samurai lord questioned intently, as his son lowered his eyes, unable to face his father directly. \" How dare you speak in such manner to Ujio-san? You know all too well that you must respect your superior samurai. Why did you disgrace me so?!\" Katsumoto was horrified at what he had witnessed couple of minutes ago. He felt like he was in a nightmare or something. Never in his life did he think that his son was capable of such insolence. And Ujio? That man was another matter and he would definitely speak with him as well. However, right now, Katsumoto needed to figure things out with his young son. Nobutada quietly listened to his father, ashamed that he had brought such dishonor to him. If only he could take it all back...but it was too late. Ujio had provoked him with his spiteful words and Nobutada could not control himself. \" I ask for your forgiveness father, my behavior was unacceptable.\" Young samurai admitted in a low tone. \" Indeed it was!\" Barked Katsumoto in fury. \" You dishonored me!\" He came closer to his son. \"If it'll please you father, I will apologize to Ujio-san right away.\" Nobutada responded, not daring to look up and meet his father's stern gaze. He knew that he had acted terribly, so he had no rights to defend himself right now. His behavior was simply unforgivable! \" Yes, you will.\" His father confirmed sternly. \" But first, tell me...is it true what Ujio said?\" \"What do you mean, father?\" Nobutada asked hesitantly, as Katsumoto neared him even more. \" Do you have feelings for that young lady?\" As the samurai leader asked this, Nobutada snapped his head up at last and faced his father. \" For Kitty, I mean.\" \" That's nonsense.\" He scoffed nervously, causing Katsumoto to lift his brows questionably. There was no escaping his senses, he knew Nobutada really well. The Samurai warlord sighed softly. His son was so young and in some ways, reminded him of his old self. He used to be just like him once. \" Nobutada,\" Katsumoto started softly this time. \" there's no shame in having feelings for someone. After all, we are human and emotions are part of us.\" As he said this, Katsumoto squeezed his son's shoulders affectionately. \" But you should be ashamed of deliberately lying to your father and lord.\" Nobutada winced at his father's harsh and yet truthful words and took a deep breath. Maybe it was time to reveal the truth to him. Although, Nobutada had no idea how he would get it all out...he himself wasn't sure of his feelings. Whatever it was, he had no other choice but to share it with his father. \"Nakao, do you have any idea why Nobutada and Ujio argued so disgracefully in our lord's presence?\" Yoshida questioned the other man, as the two of them crunched through the heavy snow. As soon as they left Katsumoto's presence, Ujio had gone somewhere to cool off by himself, while Nakao and Yoshida continued to wonder what this sudden and strange outburst between the two men was all about. The two of them stopped in a small clearing, close to the village pathway. Nakao sighed in frustration. \" I don't know. It's all too strange, Yoshida. Very strange.\" He shook his head with a heavy sigh. \" You know, I think it's about that European girl.\" Yoshida spoke up in response. \" The young leader has been very preoccupied with her lately.\" Nakao rolled his eyes because of the other samurai's ignorance. \" You're just saying that because you're still bitter about that punch you received.\" He reminded Yoshida of that day, when he vigorously grabbed Katherine, knocking her down and when Nobutada came to her defence and clipped him on the ground. \" No, not at all.\" \"Is that so?\" \"I'm telling you, our young lord is infatuated with her. Ujio is correct.\" Yoshida announced confidently and crossed his arms. \" So what? She's not bad to look at.\" Nakao answered with a smirk. \"If he likes her so much, he should take her. He is the leader of our village and our future warlord. He can do as he pleases.\" He stated his opinion rather sharply. \" I guess you do have a point.\" Yoshida tilted his head unsurely. \" Unless his feelings run deeper. If it was just lust, he would not protect her so fiercely.\" \"You don't suppose he wants to make her his wife now, do you?\" Nakao asked in shock. \" I mean that would bring dishonor to the whole household, don't you think?\" Yoshida explained calmly. Nakao nodded slowly, his eyes widened with this horrible possibility. \" Let's hope that young Nobutada did not lose his mind because of that western foolish girl.\" As the two men were discussing these matters, an older village woman couldn't help but overhear the fiery conversation. \" Why, my lords, our Nobutada-sama is in love with a gaijin captive?\" She exclaimed in puzzlement. \" Get out of here, woman! You're speaking nonsense!\" Nakao yelled at her in fury. \" Occupy yourself!\" He barked loudly as the old woman bowed fearfully and disappeared immediately. However, really soon, a word started to spread about this news of their leader, thanks to the woman's gossips. Young women were particularly jealous and envious of Katherine, after hearing that their Nobutada-sama had chosen a gaijin 'witch' for a bride. Of course, this was a false rumor; the young samurai had said nothing that indicated that he wanted her as his bride. These were all the old woman's speculations and it spread so quickly that now others were making ridiculous things up. The village girls were so envious that they started accusing Katherine of being a witch and putting a spell on their leader. Katherine watched Higen closely as he labored over a scroll with a brush and gently stroked it hypocritically; it sweeped across the rice paper in a neat fashion. She smiled at him proudly at his accomplishment, and stood up, walking over towards the window to see where Algren had gone off to. About an hour ago, he told her that he was going out for a walk together with his pal 'Bob'. Now it was her turn to be concerned about him, she feared that he would catch cold like she did a week ago. The door slid open, and Taka walked in carrying small pile of firewood. \" Higen, there's couple more left, please, bring it for me.\" She asked her son, who obeyed right away. \" I'll help as well.\" Katherine volunteered eagerly and ran after Higen, not even waiting for Taka's answer. The woman in turn, smiled gratefully and shook her head. No matter what, there was no denying that her two western guests were good people. Taka was actually starting to feel happy that they were staying with her. It was weird and she tried to deny it, but she was warming up the American soldier as well and her heart always skipped a beat when he was around. It was so peculiar...but there was nothing she could do. Katherine and Higen were both fairly quick with their task and in mere seconds, they had gathered all the wood that Taka needed. The young boy immediately turned back towards the house, it was way too cold to stay out for more than half an hour. Katherine was right behind him, as they marched through the heavy snow. However, from the corner of her eye, she noticed someone quickly walking past them. It was Ujio. He had been very angry with Nobutada that morning. How dare he speak to him in such manner?! He was the one bringing dishonor and shame on Katsumoto. And Ujio would never let that happen! Why was Nobutada losing his mind and degrading himself by participating in immature games with that sharp-tongued woman and with that unworthy barbarian!? And his ridiculous infatuation with that woman was getting out of hand! A samurai with a westerner?! Over his dead body! Ujio was in his deep and fiery thoughts when he heard a familiar voice call him. He turned around and to his surprise, saw Katherine walking over to him. \" What is it that you want!?\" He barked harshly, causing Kitty to jump up in fright. \" Can't you see that I'm busy?\" The last thing he wanted right now, was to see her. He had argued with Nobutada because of that woman, and Ujio was in no mood to relieve all that again. Katherine was taken aback with Ujio's coldness. She thought that they had slowly moved past and resolved their differences. She believed that they were capable of being civil to one another. The last time Katherine had interacted with him, was over a week ago in Katsumoto's temple. \" Are you still upset with me for disagreeing with you about firearms?\" She asked innocently, as Ujio recalled the mild argument he had with her a while back. By no means did he hold a grudge against her on that. If anything, he admired her quick-witted personality. \" No, I just don't want to waste my breath and time.\" He responded bluntly, and Katherine was quite offended with his words. \" Go play with Nobutada, I'm sure he won't be able to resist.\" His voice was bitter and spiteful. \" What is your problem?\" Kitty questioned in shock. She really wasn't expecting him to be so rude to her. Well, she knew that Ujio was not a 'sweet' talker, but she at least thought that he'd be civil to her like before. \" Why do you hate me so much? What did I ever do to you?\" \" Aren't you tired of being liked by everyone all the time?\" Ujio spoke in a sarcastic manner. \" I'm not in the majority. Sorry.\" \"I can't believe I actually thought that you were a kind person deep down.\" Katherine mumbled in disappointment, unable to comprehend Ujio's sudden aggression towards her. \" And I can't believe you actually have nerves to talk back to me!\" He exclaimed in fury, coming up close to her. Katherine lifted her chin up proudly at him, her eyes slowly swelling up. \" I'm not afraid of you.\" \"You need to learn how to hold your tongue in a man's presence!\" He raised his voice in anger. \" And you need to learn how to relax.\" Katherine retorted defensively. Ujio shook his head and rolled his eyes in irritation. \"You think you're so perfect...\" The tough samurai started, as he stared at her intently. \" I know what your plan is; to bewitch our lord's son and let him drop his guards. Well, let me make it clear to you. Neither you or your American swine will get away with that. I won't let it happen.\" He stated firmly, they were so close that their noses were almost touching. \" H-how dare you accuse me of such things?\" Katherine gasped, her voice was choking up. She didn't know why, but she was feeling very hurt at the moment. Ujio said nothing in response, he swallowed uncomfortably, and turned around to leave. He had enough! He had no desire to continue this conversation with her any longer. \"You really are a barbarian!\" Katherine exclaimed after him, tears were slowly building up in her pretty eyes. Ujio snapped his head in agitation. \" And you're a witch!\" Katherine glared at him questionably, her eyes narrowed in rage. \" Oh yes, that's what the villagers call you now.\" Ujio confirmed with scoff and smirked slightly. He knew that he had broken her down this time. Unable to control herself any more, Katherine turned away and ran back to Taka's place. She was completely heartbroken, disappointed, hurt and couldn't stand to listen to Ujio any longer. Angrily she burst through the door, ignoring Higen who was asking her why she had stayed behind. She rushed in 'her' chamber, sank to her knees, and with a loud cry, sobbed bitterly. Share your thoughts! Thanks for the support everyone![Chapter 39] Chapter 39 A Shattered Heart Only after Ujio had uttered those harsh and ruthless words to Katherine, did he realize that he had crossed the line. The young woman was unable to hold herself together, it was obvious that he had very much hurt her and shattered her heart. With tears in her beautiful ocean like eyes, Katherine turned and raced back to Taka's place, away from Ujio once and for all. The proud samurai silently cursed himself for bursting out like that. He really didn't wish to call Kitty a 'witch' and the worst part was, he had revealed to her that the villagers hated her with a passion. Truthfully, Ujio had been pretty annoyed with them for spreading such lies and ridiculous rumors. However, the argument with Katherine angered him so much that he intentionally wanted to cause her pain with his words. But now he was regretting the horrible outburst. He deeply wanted to take it all back...and yet, it was far too late for that. With a shake of his head, Ujio walked back to his house with a heavy heart. The truth was, despite everything, Ujio actually was starting to admire the western girl. He liked her fiery and spirited personality. No matter what he said, she would always have guts to stand up to him and speak her mind...now however, Ujio feared that he had indeed broken her very spirit. As much as he wanted to believe the rumors and himself about the girl's ill intentions concerning Nobutada, deep down, Ujio was doubtful about it. Yes, the westerners weren't trustworthy people...but Katherine had proven to be a different kind of person. However, she was still close to that dog! What if he was the one with evil intentions? Ujio tried to justify his behavior with these thoughts, but all in vain. He couldn't escape from his own conscience. As much as he hated to admit it, neither Kitty or that irritating American did anything remotely close to what he was accusing them off. It was simply out of spite and hatred. Ujio sighed heavily as he remembered the girl's words. \" I can't believe I actually that that you were a kind person deep down.\" What? She didn't see him as a savage and a barbarian anymore? She was actually starting to notice him in a different light, and unfortunately Ujio had ruined it all. Any chance of maybe being liked by someone for what he truly was...had gone! Ujio entered his cold and very lonely house. He had been living in the empty walls since the day his parents had passed away. His mother always hoped that by the time she was gone, her son would be able to have his own family. When it came to honorable accomplishments, such as samurai duties and following the bushido code, Ujio was a professional. He had inflicted a great respect on his father with everything the he did. From an early age, he swore and made an oath to protect his lord, Katsumoto with his very soul and sword. As good as he was a warrior, Ujio however, was terrible when it came to women. He found them tiresome, annoying, and just too dramatic. They were a nuisance to him and marriage was never in his mind. Sure, having an offspring was important, but it wasn't something that highly interested him. And no woman was ever good enough for him. Either they were too short, too slim, too tall, too ugly, too talkative or too full of themselves for his taste. Couple of times, Katsumoto tried his very best to play a matchmaker for his friend and warrior, but with drastic consequences. Ujio was just way too demanding, proud, snobbish and simply unbearable! Finally, he decided that having a family or a privilege of falling in love was not for him...and it's not like he cared about that. Now however, Ujio was starting to realize that if he carried down this path, he'd forever be alone. And yet that wasn't what bothered him very much either. What caused him displeasure was that no one in the village liked him for who he was, they just feared and respected him because he was the strongest samurai...but that was it. As far as the social lives go, no one found him easy to hang with. It was only his lord, Katsumoto who saw him differently and who actually liked him as his good friend and brother. It was strange and completely sudden, but Ujio disliked himself for snapping so rudely at the poor girl and for causing her such pain with his ruthless words. Maybe he should have been more considerate towards her. What was happening to him?! If his actions were justifiable then why was he feeling like the weight of the entire world was on his shoulders? Nathan became concerned when Katherine didn't come out of the room to join the dinner. He ate silently with Taka and her two little boys, but deep down...he was really worried. Was Kitty sick again? And where was Nobutada? He hadn't returned home from the meeting and it was quite late already. After he finished eating, Nathan thanked the graceful woman and made his way towards Katherine's chamber. He gently knocked on the door and called for her. \"Kitty? Is everything alright?\" But there was absolutely no answer from her. \"Kitty, why didn't you come out for dinner?\" He questioned once more. Again, there came no response from Mr. Graham's daughter. Finally Algren ran out of patience, and he decided to invade her privacy at last. So he slid the door open and rushed inside. Nathan's eyes widened in shock when he spotted Katherine, who looked miserably in the dark corner all by herself. Her face was buried in her lap, as she sank on her knees and sobbed softly. \"Kitty!\" Nathan exclaimed with worry. \"What's wrong?\" He ran up to her anxiously. Katherine had no idea for how long she had been crying in the room. It seemed like minutes but apparently, it was more than that. She had missed the dinner and didn't even greet Nathan when he returned. But she had no desire to leave her chamber. Her heart was shattered into million pieces. She was angry at herself mostly, for being so naive and foolish enough to think that these barbarians were actually capable of having feelings. Ujio was nothing more than a killing machine! \"Nathan,\" she looked up at him and whimpered softly. \"Oh, please take me home.\" Katherine begged and with a small sigh, hugged him close. She was so done with this place. \"I want my father.\" She sounded all together like little child. Nathan immediately embraced the heartbroken girl in his arms in comfort. \"Who hurt you? What's going on?\" \"I...want t-to go home. I hate this place and these people.\" Katherine continued to sob quietly. Nathan was surprised with her harsh remarks; he knew that deep down, she didn't mean to come off so ignorant. After all, not everyone in this place was so bad. Taka, Katsumoto and Nobutada were exceptionally kind to them. But she was hurting and was having an outlet. \"Please, tell me what happened?\" Nathan whispered with a soothing voice, and stroked her dark locks. \"I'm a witch, Nathan.\" She mumbled in response and sniffed. \"According to the villagers and Ujio, I am a horrible wicked witch of the west who put a spell on their leader.\" Katherine managed to explain her troubles to him in a collected manner, but tears were still rolling down her cheeks. \"What?\" Algren asked horrified. \"What are you talking about?\" Truth be told, he was really confused at the moment. \"What's there to understand? I'm a witch!\" Katherine cried in anguish and buried her face in his chest. \"Wait a second,\" Nathan paused, trying to comprehend this unusual situation. \"they're accusing you of bewitching Katsumoto's son?\" He raised his eyebrows questionably. \"Yes!\" Exclaimed Katherine in annoyance. \"You were right, he does have feelings for me. Oh, I was so foolish.\" \"Hey, it's alright.\" Algren encouraged calmly. \"This isn't Nobutada's fault. Sounds like some people were highly displeased with the news and the only way to cool off, was to make up bullshit stories.\" Katherine met Nathan's caring gaze and sighed in frustration. \"Don't worry, whatever it is, I'm sure both Katsumoto and Nobutada will be able to fix it. They are decent people, and they do care about us and you most importantly.\" Nathan comforted her with a warm smile. \"I know...it's just that I didn't expect Ujio to be so cruel.\" Katherine admitted, as she wiped her tears away with her arm. \"Ujio? Do you think he was the one behind the rumor?\" Nathan's face suddenly became all red with anger. Katherine didn't say anything in response, but she didn't have to...Algren was already very furious. \"Of course, he was the one behind this!\" He exclaimed in rage. \"That man tries his best to turn our lives into living-hells!\" \"Nathan, calm down!\" Katherine begged, as she stood up to face the enraged man before her. \"No, I won't!\" Shouted Algren in agitation. \"He has no rights to treat us this way!\" \"I'm afraid you won't be able to achieve anything like that.\" Katherine warned cautiously, horrified at the thought of something bad happening to Nathan. \"He hurt you, Kitty and he'll pay for it.\" The fiery Captain spoke up in absolute determination. \"Well, not physically!\" Nathan ignored Katherine's words and turned away to leave her presence. His mind occupied with all sorts of reckless thoughts. He was pissed off at Ujio! That samurai was getting on his final nerves! \"Nathan, what makes you think that you'll be able to take him? Last time when you tried to challenge him, he broke your bones!\" She explained frantically and seized him by the bicep. Before he could make a reply, Taka entered the chamber quietly. She was carrying a tray of food for Katherine. \" I thought you might be hungry.\" The gentle woman started hesitantly, sensing the intense atmosphere. \" Thank you.\" Kitty answered nervously and glanced at Algren, as she released her grip from his shoulder. \" Is something the matter?\" Taka asked cautiously. \"Hai!\" Algren exclaimed, anxious to leave the chamber. \" He's gone mad! He wants to fight Ujio.\" Katherine cried in panic, hoping that maybe Taka would be able to stop him from this nonsense. Taka's eyes widened in complete surprise, and she intently gazed at Algren. \" You should calm down.\" \"Tell her why I want to fight him!\" Nathan announced in English, not even trying to reason with the two concerned women. \" Did Ujio-san anger him?\" Taka questioned Katherine, but her eyes were fixed on the furious American. \" He said cruel words to me, and now Algren-san feels obliged to defend my honor.\" Simon Graham's daughter explained with a fearful tone. \"Did you tell her about the accusation?\" Nathan asked Katherine, wanting to fill Taka in on the particular situation. \"Does she know that they're calling you a witch?\" Taka stared at the two westerners, desperately trying to comprehend what they were talking about.. Katherine sighed in defeat and turned to the Japanese woman. \" He is upset because the villagers are accusing me of-\" \"Being a witch.\" Taka finished with a small nod. \" I heard just now. And I am sorry. My brother will know what to do. Please, don't take it close to your heart.\" She spoke sweetly to Katherine and then glanced at the agitated Algren. \" Fighting Ujio is not a good idea. Leave this to my father and nephew. They'll figure it out.\" Katherine realized just how serious Taka was, and with a small bow, she immediately interpreted her words to Algren in English, who even though wanted to avenge Kitty's shattered heart, couldn't resist the beautiful woman's wise reproach.[Chapter 40] Chapter 40 Sharing Once Nathan was calm enough to not make any foolish mistakes, Taka left the two westerners in peace to go and check on her sons. Katherine sighed in relief; even though, she was angry and hurt with Ujio, she had absolutely no desire to risk Nathan's well-being. Challenging the heartless barbarian wouldn't be safe for her dear friend. She had come to love and admire Nathan as a brother she never had. Nathan was not pleased with the two women for somehow convincing him to stay put. However, he decided to listen to them especially, after Taka advised him to relax. He took a deep breath and with an exhale, set on a small pillow next to Katherine. \"I suppose, I really am starting to act like your governess.\" He spoke up with a slight smirk. \"Governess Lucinda? Yes, indeed.\" Katherine agreed with a gentle smile tucking her lips. Her eyes sparkling with mischievous expression. \"Don't be afraid to tell me that I'm worse.\" \"No, no! I never liked that snobby old hag!\" Katherine announced in all seriousness. \"But you like me?\" Nathan raised his brows curiously. \"Very much.\" The girl beamed at him. Nathan was touched with her answer. He paused for a bit and with a shake of his head, chuckled lightly. \"What is it?\" Kitty asked, surprised with the Captain's sudden humor. \"No, it's just so strange.\" Nathan started and gazed at the girl before him. \"Things have changed so much since the first time we met at the Yokohama docks.\" Katherine smiled softly, as she recalled the day she arrived in Tokyo. She had been so nervous and felt so uneasy in the midst of military men and in completely foreign country. But there was something about Captain Algren that she admired even on the first meeting. He was different from the rest...very different. And even though, her father was the only man she trusted, Kitty had this impeccable feeling deep down, that Captain Algren was honorable, reliable, and very trustworthy. She had detected his kindness the second they were acquainted. It was unusual...but she hadn't been wrong about him! In fact, Nathan had proven to be the most courageous and fascinating man she had ever encountered. \"I would never imagine that my poor papa's health would suddenly fail, causing so many unexpected things to befall on me.\" Katherine admitted with a heavy heart. \"I was a different man back then.\" Nathan said, as if reciting, his eyes fixed on nothing in particular. \"To me, it's like as if we knew each other for many years.\" \"That's only natural, we've been through so much together. \"That's true, and yet its only been six months.\" Katherine grinned brightly. \"Well,\" Nathan started and looked at the girl sitting next to him. \"Actually, you happen to be the longest friend I had since Gant.\" With the sound of the name of his fallen comrade, Nathan exhaled in disappointment. Indeed, the Scottish Sergeant had been his only true friend until Mr. Graham's daughter came in his life unexpectedly. Katherine remembered the elderly man and sighed heavily. \"So I take you weren't very sociable person.\" Nathan shook his head. \"Never. I guess the wars had turned me into a stone cold statue.\" The young woman flinched at his honest words. \"When I remember those poor bastards out there...on the Little Bighorn. Bodies stripped bare...mutilated.\" Katherine gasped at these revelations. She knew and had seen what the face of war looked like, but to hear these horrifying words from Nathan was far more unpleasant then she had ever imagined. \"War is a terrible, terrible thing.\" Nathan continued calmly. \"But I was meant to be part of it, whether I liked it or not.\" \"Despite everything, you were successful.\" Katherine decided to focus on the positive. \"Father told me that you had won a Medal of Honor for your gallantry.\" \"So what? Do you think I cared? Don't mistake me for Bagley, Katherine.\" Nathan scoffed in annoyance. \"I continued to drink away everything I had. You know why? Because that guilt I felt every second of my existence ate me alive.\" His words were merciless, but honest and true. Katherine shut her eyes tight and then seconds later, opened them. Her gaze was focused on the beautiful and delicate snowflakes that fell outside. \"I'm sorry to hear that.\" \"We slaughtered women and children ruthlessly.\" Nathan's eyes were filling up with tears, as he recalled every detail of his horrid past. \"Those Indians had nothing to do with the raids, and no matter how much I tried to convince Bagley...that bastard would say 'This is a punitive expedition, captain.' Every f-ing time!\" \"Nathan, you shouldn't feel guilt anymore.\" Katherine comforted him sweetly. \"True, you weren't exactly a perfect hero at that time. But you've changed now. You've been given a second chance in life. You are a good and a decent person, and I wouldn't have asked for a better friend.\" She smiled meaningfully, and gave him a quick peck on the cheek. \"I suppose you're right.\" Nathan said after a while, his heart all warm after Kitty's kind encouragement. \"It's unusual, but this place had something to do with it.\" \"Really?\" Nathan nodded. \"You know, tomorrow marks the longest I have stayed in one place since I left the farm at 17.\" \" You left your family on Christmas Eve?\" Katherine asked shocked. \"Yes, well...I didn't have a family just an alcoholic father. Christmas with him was a misery.\" \"I'm so sorry.\" Katherine mumbled softly, her heart going out too poor Nathan. He definitely didn't have a good childhood. \"Oh Kitty, there's so much here that I'll never understand.\" Nathan continued, almost sounding like a narrator. \"I've never been a church-going man...and what I've seen on the field of battle has led me question God's purpose.\" Katherine listened to him silently, her eyes never leaving his as he passionately continued to speak. \"But there is, indeed, something...spiritual in this place.\" \"Like accusing women of being witches?\" Katherine suggested sarcastically, and Nathan paused cautiously. \"I'm sorry, it looks like I've mumbled on for almost half an hour.\" He told her, realizing that maybe he shouldn't have said this to her now. \"No, forgive me, I wasn't very tactful.\" Katherine shook her head, amazed at her own self. She didn't mean to interrupt Algren so rudely. For the first time, he had opened up to her and shared his deeply buried and hidden feelings with her. But it seemed like her anger towards Ujio and the jealous villagers who spread lies about her, got the very best of her. \"No, I understand what you mean, Kitty.\" Nathan told her in full honestly. \"However, don't let those few despicable humans make you close your eyes on what's good about this place. I mean there's a reason why we're here.\" He finished in a brotherly fashion and smiled at Katherine. \"I will try.\" She nodded softly. \"Look at me, advising you to let go of your anger, when just few minutes ago I was recklessly challenging Ujio.\" Nathan chuckled lightly and shook his head. There was sudden silence between the two, Katherine looked down and started playing with her kimono sleeves while Nathan, gazed at her with a gentle and tender smile. \"What was your life like? It should've been as bright as you.\" He asked her, his voice soothing and soft. Katherine locked eyes with Nathan for a second, surprised at the sudden change of subject. \"It really was.\" She confirmed with a smile. \"Even though I never had a mother, my father made sure that I didn't lack anything. I remember one time, my aunt Emily instructed me and my cousins to study and as soon as she was gone out of sight, we decided to hide from her.\" Katherine laughed as she recalled that day. She and her two cousins, George and Alice were mighty mischievous kids, always causing trouble and making their aunt and mother to go crazy. \"I really loved my aunt, despite the fact that she appeared to be over-bearing at times.\" Katherine continued, her thoughts were far off, back with her family in London. Nathan listened in silence, loving how normal and exciting her childhood was. \"My papa used to take me with him wherever he'd go and my nanny, Elizabeth, whom we all called Beth in short...would often accompany us. My childhood was lovely and I am so grateful for that.\" \"And what about your Governess Lucinda?\" Nathan questioned, after all, he had been hearing that name ever since Katherine got sick and he started fussing over her. \"Yes, well, she was brought by my aunt to educate us, children. Although, I always preferred the way papa taught me languages.\" Katherine explained warmly. \"I must say however, that more than anything, I loved frolicking in the fields with Annabelle and Henry, they were our neighbors children. And I always spent my time with them; horse riding, running, swimming, and in short, doing everything that seemed inappropriate to my aunt Emily and governess Lucinda.\" Nathan laughed heartily at Katherine's words, the way she narrated her family stories made him easily imagine and paint the pictures of her early life. \"Things were always so simple when I was young,\" Kitty continued with a small pause. \"But then Annbelle and Alice got married, even cousin George got himself a nice bride. So naturally, everyone in my society demanded me to settle down as well. Countless admirers were invited to numerous balls by my aunt, in hopes that I would agree to wed one of them.\" \"Let me guess, you rejected all of them.\" Nathan threw in with an amused smirk. Katherine nodded slowly. \"I didn't want to marry without love. I still don't.\" \"I understand, but not many have that privilege.\" Nathan explained, all together sounding like her father. \"That's what papa used to say but he never pressured me.\" Katherine said, and her heart suddenly soared in hopes of reuniting with her father. \"What happened to your other friend Henry?\" Nathan asked curiously after a while. And noticed how Katherine's cheeks turned into a pink shade. \"He...\" she started hesitantly. \"He was the one who purposed to me and...I...\" Katherine stopped, unable to get it out. \"You rejected him.\" Nathan finished softly, and Katherine nodded in agreement. \"I loved him as a brother.\" \"I guess I'm destined to die an old maid.\" She spoke up after a while with a giggle. \"No, don't worry...\" Nathan started her with a chuckle. \"I won't let that happen, I agreed to marry you, remember?\" \"Even though you're not a marrying type?\" Katherine wondered teasingly. \"Yes, indeed.\" Nathan laughed heartily. The two of them continued sharing their past experiences and stories to each other; some were funny to recall, some painful...but despite all of this, both Katherine and Nathan were getting to know each other and understand one another's way of life. It was peculiar indeed...six months ago, neither Katherine or Nathan would think that they would get to hear their deepest secrets and yet, here they were, speaking like the best of friends. I felt like this was a much needed chapter. It was time for these two to open up to each other...they've been through so much together! It's only fair. Anyway, judging by my lovely reviewers, apparently I have unintentionally created a love triangle. Lol. I don't mind at all though. Stay tuned for more chapters to have your questions answered. Thanks for all the support, I didn't think I would come this far with this story.[Chapter 41] Chapter 41 Set Things Straight Once again, that very morning, Katherine found herself struggling to tie the koshi himo belt below the excess material of her kimono. She sighed in frustration, this wasn't that hard compared to the corsets and dresses she used to wear; but then again, most of the time, her maid helped her with them. Here however, she needed to figure things out on her own. Besides, her mind was still occupied with the latest events that occurred just a day ago. Katherine was still very upset and angry with Ujio for accusing her of being a 'witch' with evil intentions. The last thing on her mind, was to charm Nobutada. Although, now that she thought about it, it did seem like a good idea in order to escape from this place once and for all. Of course, now, she wouldn't even dare to do any such thing. Her life was already pretty badly messed up! No need to add fuel to the fire. But old Katherine, who was brought in the village few months ago, might have considered this 'bewitching' plan. She shook her head with a roll of her eyes, No! Katherine was more than that! She was not planning to 'play' with the feelings of another human being. Besides, she got to know Katsumoto, Nobutada, Taka, Higen and Magojiro. The five of them were very sweet, kind, caring, and normal compared to the other samurai she had encountered. She was starting to think positively about Ujio as well...until he ruined it with his spiteful tongue and temperamental attitude! The villagers seemed naive and ignorant as well! Why would they think that she was a witch who put a spell on their leader? Were they this stupid?! Despite all the negative thoughts, Katherine smiled pleasantly, when she remembered the talk she had with Nathan the other night. She was so glad and so happy to have him in this place. Without him, she wouldn't be able to take all this nonsense! It would be just way too much to bear! After going back and forth with her kimono belt, she finally managed to fix herself in the traditional attire, and turned around to leave her chamber. In that moment, the door slid open, and to Katherine's surprise Nobutada entered with a solemn expression. Immediately, she froze; the heat of awkwardness and uneasiness overtook her body. \" Good morning,\" He greeted casually, his voice was distant and cool. Katherine did not respond, she gave him a slight nod, wondering what the unexpected visit was all about. The young samurai stared at her for few minutes in silence and neither he, or she for that matter, were able to form words. At last, Nobutada could no longer stand the tense situation and he was beginning to grow restless. He quickly cleared his throat and spoke up. \"I have spoken with the villagers-well, more importantly to Itsumi...that old bitter woman was behind the rumors.\" He paused for a second or two, trying to catch something...anything from Katherine's stoic look. \" She was the one who mistakenly overheard a conversation and then shamelessly gossiped to the entire village in just few hours. \" Katherine lowered her eyes and nodded. \" Thank you.\" She mumbled softly. At least Nobutada had managed to clear things up once and for all. \"My father and I apologize for the inconvenience.\" The young samurai continued in a soothing tone. \"That's alright, as long as people don't actually think that I'm a witch.\" Katherine responded sharply and Nobutada almost flinched at her 'stern' remark. \"No. I won't let that happen. You're my father's guest...both you and the American.\" Upon saying this, Katsumoto's only son turned around towards the door, ready to exit. Katherine was taken aback with his behaviour. After everything that happened, she expected him to be honest...but apparently, these people liked concealing their feelings. Whatever it was, she did not wish to stay in the dark anymore; things needed to be resolved! \" Wait,\" she called him, little too desperately and approached the samurai, standing directly in front of him. \"Is it true?\" She asked quietly, not entirely sure on how to start this conversation with him. Nobutada did not say anything, but it was obvious from the look on his face that he knew what she meant by that small sentence. It was actually tough for him to admit all this. No matter how many times his father told him that having feelings for someone was no shame, somehow the young samurai still felt like he was bringing dishonor to his entire household. After all, Katherine was a gaijin girl...not to mention, she was with the enemy when they captured her. So this was all becoming so confusing and complicated! Nobutada was also ashamed that he couldn't hide his attraction towards her from others. Ujio should not have known about this! He was the one that caused this ridiculous situation in the first place! \"It's a mere infatuation. Nothing more.\" He replied at last, and avoided her gaze. Katherine didn't know how to reply to this. Mere infatuation? What on earth does that supposed to mean? Before she could say anything, Nobutada continued in a collected manner. \" We should all forget about it and move on. The rumors you heard aren't true.\" His words deep down, slightly offended Katherine. And she wasn't sure why it happened! It's not like she cared. \"Well, I see.\" She murmured softly and looked down at her kimono skirt. \" But, if they were true...would you admit it?\" Katherine knew that she was being too bold with these words however, she wanted to be sure of everything. Nobutada stared at her in surprise; he did not expect that question from her at all. He was debating wether to leave or to answer her. To leave, meant that he was a coward...afraid to face a girl, and to stay meant that he had to confess everything to her. So he very was conflicted! Again, silence fell between them for a minute or two, until Nobutada lifted his head and proudly announced. \" I'm a samurai, and you are a westerner...nothing could ever happen between us. \" As heavy and hurtful his answer was to himself, Nobutada gave Katherine a quick nod and left the chamber. The young woman gazed after him with mixed feelings. She wasn't sure what she wanted to hear from Nobutada...his answer did satisfy her on some level; but then she realized that deep down, the words he uttered to her \" I'm a samurai and you are a westerner...\" Really stung her. Katherine was not sure why and actually hated herself for being offended by it. However, there's no escaping your own thoughts and feelings. The snow continued to fall hard around the territory, the routines of our westerner 'hostages' turned guests did not seem to change. Things were quiet and peaceful in Taka house as always. The villagers had finally quieted down after their leader, Nobutada's harsh reproach. A week had passed, and Katherine found herself outside the temple next to Katsumoto, the two of them were standing on what looked like a heal top, and kept watching Nathan training hard with the other samurai warriors. Katherine observed him curiously and noticed that he was actually getting a lot better. She glanced and spotted Nobutada amongst the other men, commenting on the American's accomplishments. Some agreed with him, but some didn't. Katherine personally, was very proud of her dear friend. With a small smirk, she met Katsumoto's amused gaze. \" I knew he would be perfect for this.\" He said in Japanese, his eyes were lit with excitement. Katherine raised her brows questionably. \" You want him to become a samurai?\" she asked stunned. Katsumoto smiled at her naivety. \"You can't just up and become a samurai.\" He spoke up in English. \"But you can learn their ways.\" \"And you want him to learn your ways?\" \"The reason you two are here is that we are all getting to know one another. I'm learning about you, and you are learning about us.\" Katusmoto explained plainly. \"It is simple.\" Katherine said nothing in reply and with a small nod, continued to study Nathan's fighting technique. What seemed 'simple' for Katsumoto, was actually quite hard for Katherine. She kept watching the practise before her and only then, started to notice that Ujio, the most accomplished samurai was not present. Which was very weird and unexpected, considering the fact that every other time, she always saw him out training with the other men. Usually, he was always in the front, teaching the young warriors the swift and flawless movements of their swords. Truth be told, Katherine had no desire to see him anymore. However, small part of her was curious as to where he was. It seemed strange for her that Ujio was not among these men, training and practising as hard as ever. \"My young son has found himself attracted to you.\" The leader said calmly after a while, causing Katherine to snap her head back at him in surprise. \" I would never think that something like that is possible.\" He continued but this time, in his own language. \" It's a mere infatuation, and it will go away.\" Katherine responded, repeating Nobutada's own words. Katsumoto nodded slightly. \" Perhaps, but you must remember that one cannot deny their heart so easily.\" \" Does this mean that you would be alright with such a relationship?\" Katherine questioned in surprise. \"We cannot choose who we love.\" Katsumoto's answer was sharp and clever. With a small bow, he left her presence and walked down towards the samurai warriors, who were practising with the American. Katherine was very puzzled with the warlord's open-minded answer. Now she was beginning to question what she herself thought about it. She shook her head and with a small exhale, marched back to Taka's place. Indeed these people were very different! Ujio set on the porch of Taka's house with Higen, they had another session of the tea ceremony practise. He smiled proudly when he noticed that the boy no longer required his assistance. He would make a wonderful samurai one day! Hirotaro would've been proud of his son! Ujio crossed his arms with a satisfied smirk and continued supervising young Higen. This boy never failed to demonstrate just how talented and skilled he was, it made Ujio so pleased and delighted. From all the boys his age, Higen was the strongest one. Apart from that, he was very smart and kept studying and learning with eagerness and obedience. All these were the perfect signs of a great samurai warrior. Ujio's train of thought was interrupted, when he heard someone approaching them from behind. He looked back, only to meet Katherine's shocked expression. Her beautiful eyes were wide in puzzlement. It was obvious that she did not expect him to be there. Great, out of all places in the village...he HAS to be here! Katherine thought, as soon as she met his gaze. \" I see I've disturbed you.\" She spoke up, when she noticed that both Ujio and Higen were occupied at the moment. \" Forgive me.\" Katherine said it little bit sarcastically, and turned around, hoping to get away from him as soon as possible. Ujio twitched his jaw with uneasiness, he was not sure on what to do at that moment. Actually, he had been wishing to speak with her all week, but didn't know what to say or how to say it. Maybe, now was the perfect opportunity. He quickly turned to Higen, and told him to continue his practise, the boy nodded diligently. Katherine crunched through the thick layers of snow, panting and struggling to get away from the proud warrior fast. Ujio was quick; in a second, he easily caught up to her. \"Kitty!\" He called. Everything seemed to stop at that moment. Katherine froze like a statue, her eyes ready to pop from the shock. He had called her by her name?! What?! Could this be anymore unexpected and astonishing? Slowly, she turned around to face him, and Ujio calmly approached her. \" May I speak to you?\" Ujio asked tactfully, bracing himself for something he had never done before. Unsurely Katherine nodded, taking a step back from him, just in case he'd suddenly lose it and flip. After all, this man was full of surprises! She didn't know what to expect from him anymore. \"My attitude that day, was shameful and I've disgraced myself.\" Ujio started, for the first time, sudden nervousness rushing over him. \" Samurai must be true to his code and yet, I've broken Bushido with my behavior.\" He continued, he was slowly putting aside his enormous pride. Katherine watched and listened in utter puzzlement, her jaw was almost dropping from shock. Ujio took a deep breath and spoke up. \" Please, forgive me.\" \" Um, ah-\" Mr. Graham's girl needed few minutes to comprehend all this. It was just too unbelievable. \" W-why would you apologize to your enemy? A Westerner?\" \" Because you're my lord's guest and because...\" Ujio was fairly quick with his answer, but stopped himself in the last part. \" Because?\" Katherine knitted her brows curiously \" Will you forgive me or not?\" The tough samurai questioned, his voice slightly demanding. \"What happens if I won't?\" Katherine was suddenly in a mood to tease him. This was a once in a lifetime opportunity. Ujio exhaled sharply, it was obvious that he was becoming frustrated. \"I am being serious.\" He told her unamused. Katherine smirked in victory. \" I will think about it.\" With that, she turned and went on her way, leaving Ujio with no answer. This time, it was her turn to gain an upper hand on him...and frankly, she was actually enjoying every second of it. With a satisfied smile, she walked away. The tough samurai shook his head in disbelief. Women...westerners at that! He huffed to himself. Well, this was not going to be an easy task apparently. But then again, nothing was impossible for Ujio. She would accept his apology eventually. Whenever he set his mind on something, he always got it. And right now, Ujio was determined to fix his foolish mistake with Kitty and by all means, he'd fix it![Chapter 42] Chapter 42 Katherine's Journal Entry Part 2 January 23, 1877. I haven't been able to write anything for over a month now, and to be completely honest with myself, I still don't know what to write. You've been my true listener, dear diary, and I have shared every aspect of life with you. Truth be told, there's not much to be said anymore. Part of the reason why I've stopped writing, is that I can't think of anything I 'd like to share with you. Or maybe this is just an illusion, maybe I have a whole lot to say, but I'm simply afraid to even write it down. It's so strange, really. However, I am willing to give it a try and I shall start by narrating my latest weeks in the Samurai Village. It's constantly snowing here, and I'm not at all surprised, after all, we're deep in the mountains. I must say, the winter in the village is very majestic and beautiful. Of course, as gorgeous and magnificent the views are, it's also very cold and freezing. Taka keeps the house warm but sometimes, that doesn't seem to help either. I go out for walks once in a while, and at times I wonder, if Katsumoto will actually keep his word and release me and Nathan once the springtime comes. I'm missing my father terribly, the lonely and cool w inter days, remind me the times when I used to cuddle up with my darling papa, as he read Charles Dickens' A Christmas Carol, out loud to me. Oh, it seems such a long time ago! Nathan continues his kendo practices with the other samurai warriors, it keeps him warm in the freezing weather and also busy. Ujio has become quite tolerant of him lately, it actually baffles my mind. The two spend a lot of time together, thanks to all the training sessions. Although, Ujio never fails to demonstrate just how superior he is to Nathan. My poor friend, takes this 'abuse' with dignity. He even told me the other day, that he believes he might soon befriend the proud samurai. That should be interesting. Nobutada keeps avoiding me, as if it'll prevent him from having feelings. Honestly, I do not know how to deal with this uneasy situation. I have never imagined that I'd be in such difficult position. Every night, I try to question myself about all this. I wonder if I deep down, feel the same way about Nobutada. However, I never dare to answer it, because I am too afraid. There, I admit it. I am afraid of finding something in my heart that will keep me from reuniting with my father. I cannot afford any distractions...I must return to papa with a good head on my shoulders. This experience should not change me. The villagers have been very nice to me lately, and I'm content that they no longer think of me as a 'witch' who had come to put spells on the leaders. After all, I've been kidnapped and taken against my will. It's not like I wanted to be here. Thanks to the never-ending snow, I spend most of my time playing with Higen and Magojiro indoors and helping Taka with the chores. Life here seems to be so much easier and peaceful compared to the busy streets of London and even Tokyo that I had seen earlier. Sometimes, a small part of me just wishes to stay here forever. A very tiny part though. I'm beginning to question whether Nathan and I were right to go against these people. Katsumoto and his men want to preserve their country's heritage and pride, but Omura and the Emperor have forgotten all about it. I am not in a position to agree with either one of them, but I must say, I'm greatly conflicted. There's still so much to learn and understand about their ways. I have never seen such discipline. What does it mean to be Samurai? To devote yourself utterly to a set of moral principles...to seek a stillness of your mind...and to master the way of the sword... I guess I'll never have an answer. This is just a small fill in chapter...honestly, I feel like Katherine. I wasn't sure what to write today. It seems like there isn't anything too important that might happen in the winter months. I do have couple of ideas though. So stay tuned and bear with me. Again, thanks to all who has reviewed and liked this story.[Chapter 43] Chapter 43 Change Of Heart It was a tense afternoon for Nathan as he continuously fought and trained with different samurai warriors since the early dawn. The Japanese men seemed to have fun while Nathan gave it all he had and still, he couldn't succeed. He was training just outside of Taka's house, and right now, he was becoming very exhausted. After all, there was no break for him that day. The samurai swapped places and took turns in fighting with the American. So for them, it was no big deal. Nathan however, was on the verge of falling down in the snow and never getting up. Katherine watched her friend in compassion, she and Higen were supporting him all day. Truth be told, the western soldier was getting better and better. His sword movements were accurate and graceful. But both Katherine and Higen were starting to think that Ujio's 'training' methods were bit brutal when it came to Nathan. Nobutada stood close-by; calmly studying the American captain's fighting technique. Although, Nathan was quite good, he still couldn't come close to the experienced samurai warriors. Katsumoto's son figured that the westerner was just over-thinking things and wasn't quick with his motions. As for Ujio, he stoically observed and supervised the entire practice. He didn't participate in it, because he believed that the American was not ready to take someone as accomplished in battle as he was. However, that didn't stop him from ordering other men to test Nathan's skills. The proud samurai had his arms crossed and walked back and forth, concentrating on the American's progress. Katherine sighed, it seemed like this practice would never come to an end. She was partly bored and partly worried for Nathan's safety. He needed a break! Katherine glanced at Nobutada who met her gaze with a soft nod, and then turned his attention back to the combat. Ever since the scandal that took place months ago, the young samurai desperately tried to avoid Katherine. This fact slightly upset her...she was beginning to like Nobutada as a friend in this place and suddenly that option was overruled. Katherine understood why the young man needed space, but she couldn't comprehend her own feelings on this matter. She wasn't sure what she wanted, but Nobutada's coldness towards her was definitely hurtful. And that drove her mad too! She shouldn't be thinking about it at all! Who cares what her captor does!? It wasn't her business. Already the first week of February yet, nothing had changed weather wise. It was still cold and snowy in the region and Katherine could no longer bear it. And it wasn't like Spring would arrive quickly in these mountains. She bit her bottom lip; as her thoughts raced back and fourth, with a shake of her head, she realized that her papa's fate was still unknown to her. Who knows what became of him? Without doubt he believed that his daughter was no longer alive. God forbid anything bad happened to him out of grief. As Katherine went deeper and deeper into these thoughts, she realized that it would drive her completely crazy. She needed to let it go for a while. The young woman shut her eyes, and with a deep exhale looked up to continue watching the training. It was then, she noticed that Ujio's eyes had been on her for the longest amount of time. As soon as she acknowledged him with a slight smirk, the proud samurai turned away and shifted his gaze back on Algren. The training was beginning to appear like a never-ending thing, and Katherine wondered how on earth Nathan still managed to stay up on his feet. Despite how exhausted he appeared, she knew that Nathan was no quitter and never gave up. That impressed everyone around him, even Ujio. The small snowflakes gently started to fall to the ground. The atmosphere was normal; friendly, competitive, disciplined...nothing Katherine hadn't seen before in this village. Suddenly, a young Japanese boy about fourteen years of age, who Katherine assumed was the son of one of the samurai, ran towards them breathless. The warriors stopped their practise, and Nathan finally got a chance to take a break from the non-stop training. The boy panted heavily, attempting to get the words out. \" Forgive, my...ah intrusion.\" he started politely and bowed to Ujio. \" But-but some-\" \"What seems to be the problem?\" Questioned the proud warrior, who was in charge of the training. \" The horse!\" Exclaimed the boy in excitement. \" That white horse w-we saw in the fields few months back, is here!\" Upon hearing this, Katherine quickly stood up, her body all tensed. She never suspected that the magnificent animal would return. This was all too strange! \" You mean that insane horse?\" Nakao asked stunned. Ujio was silent for minute or two; he needed to comprehend the situation. \" Yes, it's out there in the woods.\" The boy confirmed eagerly. Before any of them could respond or react, Ujio quickly, without further thought, mounted his black steed. \" I'll catch her!\" He announced in determination, and Katherine's heart skipped a beat with worry. \" No, no!\" She gasped in anger, running down the porch and marching up to the samurai. \" I beg you, don't hurt her!\" \"Nakao and I will accompany you.\" Nobutada spoke up, walking towards his horse. \" You might need assistance.\" Ujio nodded without looking at him, his eyes were still on the young woman with the pleading expression. Slowly he leaned down from his saddle and assured. \" I won't. I promise.\" He told Katherine gently, and placed his hand on her shoulder in an encouraging manner. The girl was pleasantly astonished with his sudden behavior. With a soft smile, Katherine thanked him. She knew that even though, Ujio was rough in many aspects...he didn't want to hurt that animal. It was crystal clear on that day when he interfered and rebuked other warriors for harming the mare. \"Tell them that I'm going too.\" Nathan said and lifted his chin proudly, grabbing a nearby horse and rope. Katherine turned to her friend in surprise. \"Wait, if you're going, I want to come as well.\" \" It's too dangerous.\" Nobutada answered from his high horse in his own language. \"It's alright, Kitty. You stay here.\" Nathan told her calmly, turning towards his animal, ready to mount. \" He is coming with us?\" Ujio growled in displeasure, and Nakao nodded in response. \" I have a lot of experience.\" Nathan replied in clear Japanese, surprising the warriors. \"I used to catch wild mustangs back on the farm.\" He added quietly in English and Katherine translated his words. Ujio stared at them for few seconds; he wasn't sure about taking the American with them. No matter what, he was still their enemy - Hirotaro's murderer. But then again, Ujio had slowly gotten to know the man better and he wasn't all too bad. Besides, the main reason why the proud warrior decided to grant Nathan permission to accompany them was...Katherine. He didn't want to hurt her feelings. He had broken her heart with his rudeness many times. That American meant a lot to her. So this time, Ujio would let it slide. \" Alright, let's move out!\" He instructed them loudly, and snapped his horse into an action. Katherine watched the five men; Nathan, Nobutada, Ujio, Nakao, and Nathan's guard gallop towards the thick forests. She sighed with a heavy heart...more then anything, she really wanted to be with them right now. Who knows how they'd treat that poor creature? Last time, both Nakao and Nobutada proved that they were clueless when it came to the animal's needs. She didn't know how Nathan would handle himself. But one thing was clear: Ujio, the strongest samurai had promised her kindly that he wouldn't hurt the horse. And for some reason, Katherine trusted him fully. She was actually surprised just how tender he had been with her few minutes ago. The young woman was beginning to realize that she was having a change of heart when it came to the proud warrior...and apparently, so was he. Katherine's thoughts were interrupted when Taka hustled through the door, asking what had happened while she was inside. Mr. Graham's daughter turned to inform the worried woman about the latest occurrence.[Chapter 44] Chapter 44 The Two Samurai The four men crunched through the snow on horseback, all of them alert and more than ready to catch the mysterious creature that had been the talk of the village since early November. Nathan scanned the area with his sharp eyes, he had a lot of experience when it came to roping and catching wild mustangs. He had been doing that from an early age on his father's farm. Although right now, he was little bit worried. After all, he was no longer working alone, he had three samurai accompanying him - all three of them with their own ideas. Nathan might've been the most knowledgeable one in this situation but he definitely was not in the favor of these men especially, Ujio. He was actually still very surprised that the proud warrior allowed him to go with them. It was mind-blowing. Why would he do that? Didn't Ujio hate his guts? Nobutada was silently debating in his head whether it was a good idea to capture the magnificent horse. And if they would succeed, what would they do with it? The animal had proved to be vicious and aggressive; without doubt, it would bring lot of trouble to his peaceful village. He didn't want to disappoint his father any more. Nobutada failed to maintain his attraction towards the European girl a secret; his father and fellow comrades and almost everyone found out the truth in a very chaotic way. It was too much to bare! And now this horse? Honestly, the young samurai's only desire was to return back to Taka's place and leave the beast alone. Ujio however, was determined to find the animal once and for all. That horse was exactly the one from his vision. It had to mean something! He couldn't just let it all go and relax. This would answer his questions...that dreamlike vision would not leave his mind. And the horse had absolutely everything to do with it. Besides, Ujio had noticed how attached Kitty had become with that animal. As wild and crazy the horse proved to be, it actually calmed down with the girl. The tough warrior had witnessed that strange interaction himself couple of months back. A tiny part of him, really wanted to get back into the Western girl's good graces. If that horse was the key to that, by all means he would do whatever the means was necessary. Nakao was intrigued, he knew that Ujio had made up his mind to catch that wild horse. So if the strongest samurai in the village had decided something, Nakao knew better then to disobey him. He would aid his friend and together, they'd succeed in bringing that animal back to the village. After the silent ride that latest almost twenty minutes, Nathan finally spoke up in English. \"I think it'll be a lot easier if we spread out. That way, we'll cover more ground.\" He shifted his gaze towards Nobutada, who listened to him intently. Although, the young samurai was not as good as his father when it came to the English language, he still understood what the American was telling him. \" What does he want?\" Ujio asked bluntly, little bit displeased. \"I think he wants us to spread out.\" Nobutada answered unsurely. Ujio stared at Nathan for a little while in deep thought. \"For example, Nakao and I will look in the woods, and you two can ride up towards the hills.\" Nathan continued to explain in a simple manner, motioning with his hands and trying to talk slowly, so that the men could understand him. \" Alright, we can do that.\" Ujio said, realizing that the American's way would be much easier and quicker for them. \"Jolly good.\" Nobutada nodded at Nathan, and he and Ujio turned their horses and trotted towards the hills while, Nathan surprised, urged his horse in the woods together with Nakao. Both samurai remained quiet for the longest amount of time. Only the howling of the wind and heavy grunts of their horses could be heard. Ujio was concentrating real hard, trying to spot any sign that indicated the wild animal's closeness. Nobutada was much hard to read, he had a stoic expression on his face and followed the older samurai. The flurries were falling down calmly from the sky and nothing remotely close to a white horse was to be seen around the area. Ujio looked back at the younger man trailing behind him...it was time for him to swallow his enormous pride and with a deep breath, started to speak. \" I hope you forgive my untactful behavior that day. I had no rights to burst out like that.\" He paused, as Nobutada was pleasantly surprised with Ujio for admitting that he was wrong and behaved shamefully. Nevertheless, he waited for him to continue. \" My act was dishonorable and I let my temper get the best of me. For that, I am sorry.\" Ujio finished full of remorse, his eyes lowered with shame. \"It's alright.\" The young samurai responded softly. \" It was my fault. I shouldn't have had feelings for gaijin captive in the first place.\" Ujio was displeased with Nobutada's answer. Maybe his older self would've been proud of him, but the truth was, he had changed. He no longer wished to be cold hearted with full of prejudice. Nobutada's words weren't true or correct. \" I don't think it's up to us to choose our love. It happens, and you must not blame yourself.\" Katsumoto's son raised his brows questionably. \" How can you say that? You, out of all should know just how shameful my feelings are. I have yet again proved that I'm weak for a samurai.\" Nobutada hung his head in defeat. Ujio was caught now. In some ways, the young man was right. Showing such attachment towards the foreigner, their enemy at that! Was shameful and weak for an accomplished samurai like him. However, things were becoming conflicting and quite unusual. Kitty wasn't exactly repulsive. She was beautiful, with full of life, spunk and spirited. She was different...in a good way. Ujio could no longer blame Nobutada. Everything had changed for them after that battle in the fog. Before the tough warrior could make a reply to the younger man's speech, loud cries were heard from the other side of the forest. Unquestionably it was that American and Nakao! Instantly, the two brave samurai urged their horses into a lope and went to look for the other men, who apparently needed help. Needless to say, the two of them had made up and put their differences aside...after all, they both shared at least one thing in common, and though, they wouldn't dare to admit it...Kitty was in their hearts. Finally an update! Stay tuned for more! So I guess it's obvious now. So are you guys team Ujio or Nobutada?![Chapter 45] Chapter 45 Misunderstood \"Come on, we got her now!\" Exclaimed Nathan as he tightened his grip on the rope that had just fallen on the wild horse's neck. The animal bucked, reared, cried in agony and pure fright. It didn't look like the mare was about to give up, on the contrary, the more Nakao and Nathan tried to throw ropes at her, the more she struggled to get away. Nathan was actually amazed at himself for spotting the white horse in the blizzard that just started few minutes ago. Maybe working on the father's farm till his seventeenth birthday came quite handy after all. \"Whoa! Gently, gently.\" He warned in a soothing tone, trying to calm the frightened creature. Nakao in that moment yanked the animal's neck with the rope roughly, causing it to rear up once more. But this time, with such intensity, that both men were knocked from their saddles and onto the snowy ground. Frustrated, the American Captain cursed under his breath, still not letting go of the lasso. Nakao was genuinely pissed off at the wild beast. He released his grip from the rope and instead caught his own horse. Seriously, he did not sign up for this! He was an admirable samurai not a dirty cowboy from the West. With another vicious cry, the white horse took off dragging poor Nathan with her, who was still tightly holding the lasso in his hands. If this animal thought that he, the survivor, would give up so easily...well, she had another thing coming. Nathan couldn't even be broken by Ujio, what made that wild animal assume that he'd be frightened of her? All the cold snow swept in his face, as the horse ran off with Nathan attached to the long rope. Ugh, this wasn't exactly enjoyable. But what else could he do? Nakao was about to ride after them, when suddenly Ujio and Nobutada arrived on the scene. Without any questions, both of the samurai galloped after the wild animal throwing more ropes on her. Nobutada's aim was precise, they caught the darting horse successfully. The wild mare neighed anxiously, but stopped right then and there. Nathan stood up with a heavy grunt. \"What a ride.\" He said sarcastically, as Ujio dismounted his horse and went up to the animal from his vision. \" Be careful, she is not friendly.\" Nobutada warned cautiously and held on to the lasso. \"I can vouch for that.\" Agreed Nathan in English and panted. Sure, he barely spoke Japanese, but thanks to Katherine's constant teachings, he was beginning to understand a lot. Nakao caught up to them in few seconds, little amazed that the mare was much calmer then before. Ujio neared the white horse gently and quietly. The animal lowered its neck, almost as if admitting defeat and nickered softly. Fascinating ... Katherine exhaled sharply, as she looked out of Taka's window. Just how long were they planning on staying out in the woods? And why on earth was she so worried about them? Of course, Nathan was her friend and all, but what about others? Why was she so concerned with their safety? And that poor, misunderstood white horse! She was just so nervous and anxious. It was already dark outside and who knows what could happen out in the woods? But before Katherine could freak out with these thoughts, she remembered that all four of them were the strongest warriors she had ever seen. Nothing would go wrong with them! Unless, they decided to hurt the poor horse. However, that was out of question too, Ujio had promised her that he wouldn't hurt the mare. She trusted him, as foolish as it sounded. In that moment, she heard footsteps approaching from behind. Automatically, Katherine assumed it was Taka, but when she turned around instead, she met Taka's brother's warm eyes. She recognized that look...Nobutada had his eyes. \"Taka told me that my son, Ujio, Nakao and the American captain are all absent.\" He started calmly. \"And it's because of the wild horse.\" \"It's true,\" Katherine answered politely, \"but they should be back by now.\" Katsumoto merely smiled. \"You are worried?\" Katherine paused unsurely. \"Well, of course, Nathan is my friend.\" Her words seemed to amuse the samurai warlord even more. \"Ah, and what about others?\" The European girl fixed her gaze on him for a second or two, and then turned back towards the window. \"I suppose so.\" She admitted quietly. Katsumoto silently neared her as Katherine spoke up once more. \"It's funny,\" she said looking out of the window. \"Few months ago, I hated each and every one of you.\" \"Not anymore?\" The samurai leader raised his brows intrigued. Katherine shook her head slowly. \"No.\" Katsumoto chuckled triumphantly, as if he had succeeded in something. \"Hate is a strong word and you shouldn't use it until you are sure what or who you hate.\" Katherine met his eyes. \"Maybe, but the horrid battle I witnessed made me believe that I knew you.\" She sighed. \"I guess I was wrong.\" \"We both misunderstood one another.\" Katsumoto said knowingly. \"We think we are sure of everything, until...life suddenly brings unexpected surprises.\" Katherine listened intently, reflecting at his words. They were so true and so full of wisdom. \"That is why I decided to know my enemies.\" The elder samurai who was appointed to guard Nathan, politely walked in Taka's house, and greeted the beautiful and respective woman. Hirotaro's widow stood up gracefully to receive the man's message. He was expected to go after the four men that had galloped to catch the wild horse. However, the samurai was sent back by Ujio, who thought that it was getting little too crowded and his presence was not necessary. The elderly warrior informed Taka that the four men were actually coming back and they had indeed caught the magnificent animal. Taka sighed in relief and thanked the man gently, she then turned around to tell this news to anxious Katherine and Katsumoto. \" They have caught the animal.\" Taka spoke softly. Her brother nodded thoughtfully while Katherine picked up her skirts and rushed out to meet them. Her bright eyes were fixed on the scene before her. Ujio was leading, followed by Nathan, Nobutada and finally Nakao, beside them was caught with ropes the beautiful white mare that had caused such a steer. She smiled happily to see them all unharmed and neither was the horse. Ujio had kept his promise! Moreover, the animal was so much calmer. The party stopped in front of the house and then they dismounted. Behind Katherine, Katsumoto, Taka and the silent samurai walked out of the house. The leader of the warriors looked proudly at Nathan. He inquired about the horse and where it would be kept. For now, they had a designated area - a round pen, where they would try to gentle the mare. It was Nathan's idea, and surprisingly, Ujio agreed. With a satisfied smile, Katsumoto returned to attend his duties and instructed his son and warriors to join him afterwards. Nakao followed him instantly while both Nobutada and Ujio lingered. Katherine gazed at the white horse before her, slowly she advanced towards them. \"How did you do it?\" She asked her American friend in surprise. \"I told you I had experience.\" Nathan smirked and glanced at the quiet Taka in front of him. \"You must be hungry, dinner is all set.\" She told him as Nathan agreed desperately and followed the gentle Japanese woman inside. He really was starving! \" I'll take her. You go, rest.\" Ujio turned to the younger samurai, who all this time was staring at Katherine. His words snapped Nobutada into reality and he nodded, leaving the horse in the older man's care. He walked up the porch stairs and locked eyes with the Western girl. As he passed her, Katherine smiled at him softly and so did he. In few seconds he was gone. Katherine longingly gazed after the younger samurai, as Ujio silently observed this exchange. \"You too should go inside. It's getting cold.\" He spoke up with his deep voice. Katherine turned back to him and slowly brushed her stray curl aside. \"I will. But first, I want to thank you for keeping your promise.\" She said sweetly and walked closer to him and the horse. \" She looks so much calmer.\" Katherine petted the animal gently and a huge smile spread across her face. Ujio nodded, grateful that he had warmed her heart at last. \" For now.\" Katherine paused as she met his gaze. \" How come you listened to Nathan's advice?\" \"I always respect a man with experience.\" The proud warrior admitted. \" Even if I don't like him as a person.\" Katherine giggled at his answer. \" Oh come now, we are not so very bad.\" He stared at her for a minute, realizing just how beautiful and bright she was. \" No,\" he answered softly. \" You aren't.\" Silence fell between the two until the spirited horse neighed anxiously. \" I should go.\" Katherine spoke at last and Ujio agreed. She turned towards the house, still feeling that the samurai's eyes were on her. \" She's only misunderstood. Just like you and I misunderstood one another.\" Katherine looked back. \" It will take time, but she'll warm up to us.\" Ujio answered, and for the first time, a genuine smile tucked his lips. \" Yes, yes she will.\" Grinned Katherine and off she went to join Taka and others at the dinner. Team Nobutada? Team Ujio? Share your thoughts everyone. Oh, and if it were up to me I'd choose Nathan Algren! But he has eyes for Taka as you can see![Chapter 46] Chapter 46 Sign of Spring March came like a lion at last, and even though, first few weeks were just as snowy as the previous months, soon few blooms became noticeable. The white frost slowly started to melt as the brighter sun began to shine around the village, bringing hope of Spring in the land. As the days continued to pass peacefully, Nathan kept training and practicing his mind and body. It gave him a new perspective and he was beginning to understand the strange ways of these people. His conversations with the leader of the rebellion was unbelievably deep and meaningful. After their talks, he would always be more and more puzzled with Katsumoto. He was not an ignorant tyrant or a savage barbarian. He was highly educated and very intellectual man, who had his own views about his beloved country. And slowly, Nathan was regarding him not as his enemy, but a friend. The same could be said about Katsumoto. Katherine continued helping Taka with the housework and spend most of her time indoors with Higen and Magojiro. She read to them and told all kinds of stories, and the boys in turn shared their experiences with her. They were more open, warm and in short, accepted her as family. Whenever Katherine found time, and noticed that the weather looked somewhat decent, she would slip out of the house to visit the wild horse in the corral. It pained to see how the animal struggled to get away and longed to be free. No one, not even Nathan could gentle the horse. The samurai warriors couldn't care less, except for Ujio who kept a watchful eye on the creature from his vision. However, he too was starting to question if capturing the horse was a good idea after all. Maybe Nobutada had been right when he wanted to release the animal. Nathan had said many times, that the horse was the strangest one he dealt with in his entire life. Just the other day, he finally gave up and told Katherine that it was time to free the poor animal, who wasn't giving up. But in the end, it was all up to Ujio. Katsumoto entrusted him with that animal and it was the proud samurai's decision, who was still reluctant to make a choice. As the final weeks of March arrived, Kitty and Taka were outside gathering wood for the fire. The snow had started to melt, but the mountains were still heavily covered with white layers. The two women were feeling giddy and cheerful. Like it or not, Spring was definitely in the air and it was becoming lively. Katherine remembered just how excited she used to be when the Spring arrived in England. She and her father would travel to their country estate and festivities would be announced, especially around Easter time. She let out a small sigh, and caught up to Taka who was ahead. \"Few more days, and the cherry blossoms will start to appear.\" Taka spoke up gently, pretty smile tucking her lips. Katherine beamed in response and the two made their way back to the house. \" The passes will open up in few weeks, and then we shall keep our promise and return the two westerners back to their people.\" Katsumoto was speaking to his men at the meeting room in the temple. When he said this, he noticed from the corner of his eye, how his young son flinched at these realistic words. Katsumoto fixed his gaze at him, as the young warrior lowered his head in respect. Making decisions didn't seem so easy anymore. But sooner or later, no matter how much he or Nobutada tried to avoid it, they'd have to let go of the prisoners who had become their friends. Once the gathering was over and the samurai were dismissed, Katsumoto ordered his son to stay. \" Father?\" Nobutada said questionably, eager to find out why he was left behind. Katsumoto continued staring at the beautiful sunset, the fresh warm Spring breeze was just what he needed. He inhaled with content and looked back at his son. \" Do you remember when I charged you with guarding the girl?\" Nobutada nodded, his eyes focusing on the ground. \"You weren't happy, you wanted to do something gallant and valiant.\" Katsumoto reminded his son, in a fatherly fashion. Nobutada looked up to meet his father's eyes. \" It's true, I did not want to be a gaijin girl's shadow. Who by the way, was terribly spoiled and capricious.\" He recalled Katherine's childish outbursts with a smile. So much had changed since then. Katsumoto grinned. \" And yet, you no longer mind.\" Nobutada became silent, slightly feeling uneasy. He had an idea where this dialogue was heading and for some reason, hoped to avoid it. \" My son, don't be ashamed to admit what or who is in your heart.\" Katsumoto spoke up, sensing the young warrior's uneasiness on the matter. \" You must not regard it as weakness. A weak person is afraid to show his true self at all times. But a samurai, my son at that, should be confident with himself even if his choice isn't traditional.\" Katsumoto finished with a slight smile and walked closer to him. \" I will respect your decision either way.\" The samurai lord said, his heart swelling with pride that his young son had become his own man. \" Thank you, my father.\" That's all Nobutada managed to say, and bowed to the warlord, his heart equally proud. After all, this magnificent man was his father! Katherine strolled in the village with a basket in her hand. She was visiting her beautiful friend in the round pen, and also bringing along few treats. It was morning, and what a wonderful weather indeed! Taka had been right, April was absolutely magnificent. The trees were beginning to bloom again, the snow had completely vanished from the ground and small flower buds were bursting all around her. Everything was so different and gorgeous. Even people around her seemed to act bit different. Of course, it was still peaceful like in the Winter time and Autumn however, the change of weather brought out more liveliness to all of them. The villagers were out, enjoying a beautiful morning, some had started to work but others were excited for the arrival of Spring. Young children splashed around in the water, laughing cheerfully. Women giggled away as some of the men tried to court them. Just then, Katherine noticed two young girls who jokingly pushed one man in the water and then ran away, he climbed out of the river and started chasing them all wet. Katherine couldn't help but laugh at the whole situation. It was so fun to watch how these 'strange' people were just normal folk happy that the Spring was coming. She herself was very excited as well after all, soon she'd reunite with her dear father. Katherine couldn't believe that so much time had passed since her capture. Part of her was sad knowing that she'd forever leave Taka, Higen, Magojiro, Nobutada...and yes, even Ujio. She had come to appreciate them all. If she left, she would never see them again. And strangely enough, that thought hurt her. She stopped and looked at her reflection in the river. Who was this girl who had replaced the old Katherine? She had changed so much over the course of these few months. She never imagined that she'd actually grow so fond of these people... people who she used to think were uncivilized barbarians. Yes, the old Kitty was long gone without doubt! She stared at herself in astonishment. She was different. Her hair, clothes, everything about her was slowly changing and while her older self would be horrified at that, this new girl was not. She was actually beginning to like it here. Katherine was suddenly startled when she noticed someone marching in her direction. It was Ujio. He looked rather grim and...was he upset? Katherine greeted him with a small and respectful bow. \" I wanted to give this to the white horse. I hope you won't mind.\" She said, gazing down at her basket. Ujio was planning on passing her without notice, but her words stopped him and he was snapped back from his thoughts. \" You won't find that animal.\" He responded sharply, looking up and down Kitty's delicate form. \" How come?\" She asked surprised. \" I set it free.\" Disappointment was echoing in his words. He was foolish to think that catching that horse would actually explain his mysterious vision. Katherine was surprised. She really wanted to release the poor animal, but without saying goodbye? She had become attached to the horse. \" I wish I could've seen her before she was freed.\" \" Not everything revolves around you!\" Ujio snapped, unable to control his temper. He was already frustrated and unsure of the decision he had made. Katherine was taken aback with his harsh remark. She knew that Ujio was better than that. She had seen his soft side many times. Unable to say anything, Katherine gazed at him silently. Her eyes betraying her. And Ujio could detect in her innocent looking face, that she was disappointed at him for losing his nerves. He took a deep breath and spoke calmly. \" Letting her go was not easy for me. I apologize if I offended you with my manner of speech.\" \"It's alright.\" Katherine smiled sweetly. \" You have rights to be upset about the whole thing. I'm sorry it didn't turn out the way you wanted.\" She didn't know what Ujio wanted with that horse however, it was obvious that he had grown fond of the animal as well. Ujio nodded at her and with a small smile went his way. Katherine gazed after him for minute or two, and then decided to go back to Taka's house. It was peculiar how the two of them had developed this understanding with one another. The next afternoon, Katherine found herself involved in a fun game with small Magojiro. The little boy was pretending that they were eagles flying and racing one another. They ran up the hills, their arms outstretched, imagining wings instead. Katherine felt like child again, as she dashed in the fields that were covered with pretty flowers. She was so distracted, that she failed to notice that they had raced up to where the samurai had their kendo practices. Just then, Katherine recognized Nathan and Nakao in the middle. They were again engrossed in their martial training. Bob, the silent samurai, Higen and Nabutada were watching them closely. Katherine stopped, as did little Magojiro. They too were now staring at the interesting display. Nathan swung his wooden sword at Nakao, only to be taken down by the giant mountain man. In seconds, the American found himself in the dirt again. Growling in frustration, Nathan got up and attacked him, his opponent countered, striking him easily. No matter how many times Nathan tried to charge at Nakao, he was again and again bested out. Katherine watched with worry. Just how long was he planning on letting these men kick his butt? Wasn't it enough? But she also knew how headstrong her friend was. He wouldn't give up like that! Furious Nathan, threw himself at the huge man once more, reverting to classic saber technique. In a flurry of movement, Nakao managed to deflect the blows and also knocked Nathan to his knees. It was then, Nobutada decided to approach the breathless American and sank to his knees close to him. \"Algren-san, please forgive. Too many mind.\" He attempted to explain in English. \"What?\" Nathan asked confused, looking over at Katherine for guidance. Kitty shrugged her shoulders, unable to help in that moment. She figured only the samurai would be able to show him the correct technique of this fight. \"Mind sword, mind enemy, mind face, mind people watch.\" Nobutada continued to prove his point, then he paused and stared at Algren. \"No mind.\" He stated simply. \"No mind?\" \"Hai, no mind.\" He confirmed and stood up. \"Alright.\" Nodded Algren uncertainly, and turned around to face Nakao once again. However, soon the kendo training transformed into a wrestling match when Nathan and Nakao started rolling on the ground. Nobutada and Higen burst out into a laughter, as did other samurai watching close by. Katherine couldn't contain herself either and she giggled away at the hilarious scene. So much for 'no mind'. Katsumoto's son met her eyes, and with a warm smile walked over to her. Katherine bowed in respect. It had been a while since she and Nobutada were so close to each other. He gazed at her bit longer and then spoke. \" I would like to speak with you in private.\" \"Of course.\" She responded right away, curiosity taking over her. When was the last time they were left alone? He always tried to avoid her these couple of months. Maybe things were about to change.[Chapter 47] Chapter 47 To Conquer One's Heart Katherine and Nobutada strolled in a leisurely manner through the beautiful trail, which was covered with cherry blossom trees and blooms were beginning to appear all around it. The stunning pastel colors caught the golden lights of the sun. Katherine found herself completely awed at this wonderful and gorgeous sight. It was definitely something out of a fairytale book. Nobutada on the other hand was slightly nervous. Which was pretty ridiculous considering the fact that the only time he felt that way was during battles. But he was absolutely determined and there was no backing now. He stopped and turned to face Kitty, who was trailing behind him. As soon as Katherine saw that the young warrior was no longer moving, she too froze. Unable to understand or comprehend the sudden and strange situation. She was also very curious to find out what exactly he wanted to say. Katsumoto's son took a deep breath and exhaled. He was about to do it! \" I don't want you to go.\" Nobutada started to speak, as the girl gazed at him intently. \"I tried to fight this feeling for the longest amount of time and yet, I've struggled in vain.\" He continued with full honestly, his eyes never leaving hers. Katherine listened, but her heart was already skipping too fast, realizing where the conversation was heading. \"I'll be honored if you'd stay here with me. \" He spoke gently, his heart was equally racing like Katherine's. He had never ever been in this kind position before and with a girl like her. It was simply unbelievable! Confusion was written all over Simon Graham's daughter face. What was this samurai telling her? Why was he saying all this?! Why was he complicating things so much? Nobutada watched the young woman before him, as she struggled to open her mouth and utter a word. Even though, her silence was driving him insane, he remained calm, stoic, and disciplined; allowing her to take as much as time she wanted. He knew that whatever he was asking her right now was not easy to respond to. \" W-why ah, should I stay?\" Katherine stuttered, her mouth was completely dry. \" Is there a specific reason? \" She had an idea what it might be, but strangely enough, she couldn't and didn't allow herself to believe it. \" Because,\" Nobutada paused, this proved to be way more challenging then he expected. \" You've conquered my heart. \" He announced at last, causing Katherine to gasp in surprise. Yes, she knew that something was going on between them. After all, Nathan had warned her cautiously, and then thanks to Ujio, the rumors started flying around in the village, even Katsumoto had hinted it, on top of that, she sometimes overheard women gossiping about her 'enchanting' their lord's son. And finally, Katherine was not blind! She could feel Nobutada's love towards her. The way he looked at her; with such warmth and admiration. His eyes could speak on its own. However, here came the most important question? What about her? Did she feel the same way? Katherine had never been this confused in her entire life like in that very moment. She uncomfortably started playing with her kimono sleeves, chewing on her bottom lip, and couldn't look Nobutada in the eyes. She stared at the ground, uneasiness taking over her. \" Say something.\" The young warrior said softly, his patience slowly reaching its limit. Katherine gazed up at him shyly, her heart was ready to jump right out of her chest. She met his tender eyes, and cleared her throat awkwardly, taking a step back. \" Are you afraid of me?\" He asked, upon noticing her skittish movement. \" How can I be afraid of you when you've been nothing but kind to me since the day I was brought here? \" Katherine retorted defensively, slightly insulted that he would suggest something like that. A small smile of satisfaction spread across Nobutada's features, when Kitty finally started to speak. \"I realize my proposition might come as a shock to you, but I cannot go on like this.\" \"Like what?\" Katherine questioned. She needed to hear the whole truth. The Japanese and especially Samurai, were notorious for concealing their feelings as much as possible however, she wanted to find out just how much she meant to Nobutada. Would he break the rules for her? Or was this some kind of infatuation that would go away, as he had stated few months back? Nobutada was bit confused with Katherine's question. What did she want to hear anyway? Nevertheless, he decided to be completely honest. \" I cannot pretend and deny my heart any longer. And I don't care if that makes me weak in the eyes of other samurai. But if I cannot stay true to myself, how can I become a respectable leader like my father someday?\" \"So you want me to stay here in the village?\" Katherine asked quietly. \" I want you to stay with me.\" Corrected anxious, young samurai. \" I thought you said that it was all just an infatuation, and that it would go away? \" Katherine spoke up, her head was spinning from all these unexpected revelations. She couldn't believe that a Samurai rebel's son would want her. It was beyond her understanding. \" I was wrong.\" Nobutada threw in almost immediately, causing Katherine to pause and look at him intently. She couldn't figure it out! Goodness gracious, it was so hard for her to question her own heart about this matter. Without doubt, she was very fond of him, but they were way too different for each other. And what about her father? She couldn't abandon him! She was still determined to reunite with him somehow. \" What about my father?\" \" I will go to the ends of the earth to find him and bring him to you, safe and sound. \" The young man said decidedly, causing Katherine to smile in appreciation. Her heart went out to him, he really did love her, didn't he? This was no joke! Suddenly, everything started to click in her head. No, Nobutada was not kidding. He was absolutely serious. He loved her. \" We are too different, don't you think?\" Katherine neared him again. \" We are. \" Confirmed Nobutada calmly. \" However, my intentions are clear and won't change my mind. I no longer wish to deny the fact that I am indeed in love with a foreign girl.\" Katherine's eyes widened in complete shock once more. Did he just confess this?! A proud son of a samurai lord, admitting love for a gaijin captive? Was she dreaming?! How was this possible? What would people say? Her head started to hurt with these questions. Nobutada realized just what the young woman was thinking about. Without doubt, he had been battling with the exact thoughts all Winter. \" It doesn't matter what others will say. It's up to you.\" He gently took her hand, and surprisingly Katherine squeezed his tightly. \" I don't know what to say.\" She managed in a choky voice. \" I hated you all with a passion and now I don't anymore. And so much has changed. \" Katherine sighed in frustration. Ugh, she didn't know anything! \" Kitty, look at me.\" Nobutada sweetly lifted her chin. By no means did he wish to frighten her with this bold proposal. \" You have plenty of time to reflect on this. You don't need to answer me right away.\" \"You want me to be your wife?\" Katherine asked quietly, her eyes were all glossy from the overwhelming emotion. \"Yes, if you'll honor me with acceptance.\" The young samurai grinned and pulled Katherine into an affectionate embrace. She in turn, wrapped her arms around him and buried her face in his chest. This might've been the most insane thing ever, yet Katherine was actually realizing that she too happened to harbor deep feelings for him, but all this time was too afraid to admit it. Now here they were; two completely different people, with completely different sets of minds and ethics, and completely different ways of life, confessing just how much they meant to one another. Of course, there wasn't much talking, still their emotions and affection could be detected without idle words. Even though, deep down Katherine knew just how difficult it would be for her to make a decision on this matter... for a moment, she found peace in his arms. They remained that way for the longest amount of time. Share your thoughts! I love reading your reviews![Chapter 48] Chapter 48 Decision Katherine tossed and turned, hoping that somehow she'd find peace and fall asleep at least for few minutes. Alas, she struggled in vain, it was no use. Her mind was occupied with the thoughts of what had passed between her and Nobutada; his proposal and declaration were not leaving her. She didn't speak with anyone on that matter, she needed to figure her heart on her own. Katherine grunted in frustration and set up straight. Why was she so confused? If it were her old self, she would definitely know the answer. But now! She could no longer recognise herself, she had changed on so many levels. In reality, she just grew up and matured in the village. Truth be told, as much as Katherine wished to reunite with her father, another part of her wanted to stay. She had gradually developed the love for this place - the place that she used to hate so much that she almost committed suicide. Now looking back at that, Kitty wanted to laugh and slap her old silly self. She used to be way too emotional and dramatic! She wasn't sure why she grew so fond of the samurai, and yet this was her reality at the moment. Her heart soared whenever she remembered the way Katsumoto's son spoke to her. She didn't realize just how much she meant to him, until that very afternoon. Katherine tried to question her own heart, and she was discovering just how much she wanted to stay with him. However, on the other hand, her mind kept telling her that it wouldn't work. Such relationship or love was not possible. They were way too different from each other. They believed and had their own way of life. Their morals differed from one another. On top of that, Katherine had no desire to be torn between her strong wish to be reunited with her father again and her hope to remain in the village. And yet here she was; struggling to figure something out. After a sleepless night, Kitty finally closed her eyes when the sun started to peek through the window. She awoke on the cracking noon and found the house empty. Everyone was outside enjoying a beautiful Spring sunshine. Taka had been as sweet as usual, she left Katherine's breakfast at the small table. Kitty however, didn't feel like eating, she was too tired and too confused. After grabbing a small apple, she stepped out and started to stroll down the small village pathway. She needed to be alone for a while. Everything was bright and alive around her. The playful chatter of women, cheerful laughter of children, respectful smiles of men seemed more obvious then before. She walked towards the fresh clear waters, where to young boys were fishing. One farmer approached two young women and teased them with mischief, as the girls giggled and hurried away. Katherine bent down and picking up a wooden jug. She started carrying water from the river through a riot of spring wild-flowers. Something made her stop and look to see the sunlit clouds in the deep blue sky, the soft pastel colors around her, hear the buzzing of the bees, and smell the sweet-scented air. Katherine couldn't help but smile in satisfaction, as she continued carrying the water to Taka's place. Once finished with her small chores, she decided to see where her friends had gone of to. On her way, she thought about her feelings yet again. Katherine couldn't bring to trust herself. After all, she knew nothing about love and was very inexperienced. Yes, she did develop romantic feelings towards Nobutada, but was it true love? She recalled the night where she and Nathan kissed. Katherine had thought that she was maybe in love with him however, as the time passed, she realized that Nathan had been right when he told her that she was just lonely and in desperate need of comfort. So what if these feelings towards Nobutada would also go away? She took a deep breath and shook her head slightly. This was way more difficult then she had ever imagined. In that moment, suddenly, Katherine's attention was caught by joyful voices of children, she snapped her head up only to see that in the huge rice fields, instead of samurai training, Nathan was actually teaching the kids a baseball game, although it was proving to be a challenge. \"No, you gotta get the ball!\" He exclaimed, as the children crowded and chased after him. \"You gotta catch the ball!\" He laughed, picked up Higen, and kept on running. The children shouted with glee and happiness and raced him. A small giggle escaped Katherine's lips as she watched the adorable sight. From the corner of her eye, she noticed Taka standing nearby with the other women. She was gazing at them...him mostly, with admiration and tender smile. Could it be? Katherine wondered, when she spotted the way the woman looked at Nathan. It reminded her so much of how Nobutada gazed at her. Was that possible? Taka and Nathan? Her eyes widened at the revelation. \"To be or not to be?\" Katsumoto murmured, after Katherine finished reading out loud Shakespeare's Hamlet to him. She closed the book and sighed softly. \"What a good question, indeed.\" He turned to face her with a small smile. \"To me it's a question of the tragic and conflicted man.\" Katherine admitted honestly and the samurai leader nodded. \"I agree.\" Katsumoto said calmly, \"Bitterness and revenge tend to mess one's mind and lead into self destruction.\" \"Revenge isn't the only thing that messes one's mind.\" Katherine spoke up, still reflecting on her rather difficult situation. Katsumoto merely chuckled, very aware of her thoughts. \"My son favors and admires you far more than any Japanese woman from our village.\" Katherine met his gaze nervously, her heart started to race at the new topic. \"I would never imagine that such love could be possible.\" He continued in fascination. \"So you know about the proposition?\" The young woman asked softly. They were both seated at the wooden bench in the courtyard of the temple. The cherry blossoms were in bloom and the air was filled with their sweet scent. Katsumoto looked over at the trees and then got up, walking closer towards the blossoms. \"I do.\" He answered at last. \"You are not against it?\" Katherine raised her brows, eyeing the man curiously as he inspected the trees. \"This has nothing to do with me.\" He stated plainly. \"My son loves you.\" As he said this, he met Katherine's gaze. \"The question is, do you love him?\" \"It's not that simple.\" The girl stood up, slowly approaching the leader of the warriors. \"Yes, I happen to harbor deep feelings for him. But I don't think that's very important.\" \"And why not?\" Katsumoto was taken aback with her response. \"We are both so different,\" Katherine started hesitantly. \"You want your son to marry a foreign woman?\" \"I want my son to be in charge of his own destiny.\" Calmly replied the samurai warlord. Katherine stared at him dumbfounded. \"The moment I saw you and Captain Algren on the battlefield...the only two survivors, I knew that fate was telling me something. I needed to know more about you both.\" Katsumoto said and continued examining the blooms. \"I'm flattered by your words.\" Katherine bowed slightly. \"And to be honest, part of me doesn't want to leave this place. I've learned so much here.\" She said, sadness echoing in her words. Katsumoto smiled with compassion. \"I know you don't. But you must make a choice.\" \"I love your son.\" She whispered quietly. Katsumoto listened waiting for her to carry on. She took a deep breath and exhaled. \"But I'm afraid I will be a nuisance to him.\" Kitty admitted softly.\"He is a samurai warrior, he is expected to take charge after you. And his number one duty is to you and this country. I'm afraid I'm too selfish. When I'll have a husband, I want his number one priority to be his family. His wife and children. Samurai are different then Europeans, they consider that dying in battle is an honor.\" Katherine was becoming overwhelmed with emotion. \"I don't want to lose my love to battle like Taka did. I don't want my children to grow up without a father. And frankly, I don't want Nobutada to put his beliefs and customs aside for me. I am not willing to hold him down from his duty. We're just too different, our cultures, morals, ethics...they differ. And as much as I'd love to stay with him, I believe the best thing for him will be to find a wife who has the same mind set as him. A woman who will respect and honor him in silence and obedience. A woman who will understand the way of the samurai. In short, a Japanese woman.\" Katherine finished her speech and wiped her small tear. Katsumoto listened in silence. \"I understand.\" He nodded. \"Your words have answered my question.\" \"What question?\" Katherine asked, her voice shaky with emotion. \"Your heart does not fully belong to him.\" The wise leader said confidently, earning a surprised glance from the young woman. \"If you loved him with all your heart, the obstacles you've listed wouldn't bother you. Just like it does not bother my son.\" Katherine gasped in shock. Maybe Katsumoto was right...what did she know about love anyway? \"What should I do?\" She questioned nervously. \"Tell all that you told me to Nobutada.\" Katsumoto answered and bowed, turning away and leaving. Immediately after the beneficial talk she had with the honorable warlord, Katherine ran out to search for Nobutada. He needed to know the truth about her feelings for him. She looked for the young man all around the village and at last found him in the training fields, firing arrows swiftly at the target. Upon noticing Katherine, Nobutada put aside his weapons and walked towards her. His eyes searching hers. Kitty was slightly out of breath, but she was determined to confess the whole truth to him. \" I thought about your proposal and I have an answer.\" She said and braced herself for the inevitable. Katherine narrated him the each word she had said to Katsumoto. She listed the very reasons why they wouldn't work together and lot more. Nobutada listened as his heart was slowly sinking. \" I love you too much, so I'm sparing you the unhappy life with me. Because I will never be okay with you for leaving me and going to war. I am selfish...I don't want to stay awake and wonder if you'll come back to me alive or not. I am not as strong as your aunt. And I cannot have you deny your customs and morals for me. You are a samurai and you should be proud of it. Because you are the one that made me see your people in a different light, and for that... I will be forever grateful. \" As hurtful and heavy her words were, Nobutada listened and accepted them calmly. She was right in her own way. And if this was her final decision, then he would no longer pressure her. And she had a point. Their relationship would've been a tough one. They would have to battle every obstacle that came their way. Although, he was up for the challenge...Katherine wasn't. And knowing that was enough for Nobutada. He gazed in her beautiful eyes that were now all watery. \" Then accept this as a token of my love and friendship.\" Nobutada spoke to her tenderly, gently moving closer to her and brushed her lips with his own. Katherine kissed him right back, as the tears rolled down her cheeks. Unaware to them both, this touching display was seen by Ujio, who stood few distance away. I can't believe passes will open up soon! I've come far... Anyway, please share your thoughts. Thanks for all the support.[Chapter 49] Chapter 49 Tears \"He kissed you?\" Gasped Nathan in complete puzzlement that very evening. Both he and Katherine were in the chamber that for now belonged to Nathan. After dinner, Kitty could no longer keep all these emotions bottled up to herself, so she shared them with a man who had become her older and wiser brother. \"Yes...\" She responded hesitantly, pink shade of color rising to her cheeks. \"And what did you do?\" Nathan asked dumbfounded, his eyes wide as round plates. \"I kissed him back, you silly-goat.\" Katherine playfully pushed him. \"Oh, wow...\" The American Captain shook his head. \"It baffles my mind. He even proposed to you!\" He threw his hands in the air. \"You really bewitched him.\" Nathan teased. \"Shut up.\" Katherine rolled her eyes irritated. Nathan laughed but then became all serious. \"All jokes aside, I think you were sensible. Only God knows what would've happened if you had married him.\" \"You don't think we'd be happy?\" Katherine asked softly, earning a surprised glance from Nathan. \"I don't know.\" He mumbled quietly. \"But you said it yourself, you two are very different. He is a samurai, he belongs in battle...men like that don't have the luxury to have families. Trust me, I know. And besides, I need to get you safe back to your father, remember?\" Nathan explained in a disciplined and reasonable voice. Katherine became all silent as she reflected on his words. Nathan stared at her for few minutes. \"Are you regretting your decision?\" He asked softly. The translator's daughter met his gaze and shook her head. \"No,\" she paused. \"It's just...in few days, the passes will clear up again and you and I will be returning back to were we belong.\" Katherine explained, and Nathan nodded in agreement. \"I can't help but wonder...do we truly belong there?\" She said earnestly and locked eyes with Nathan, who in turn, listened quietly. \"Something changed in me, Nathan.\" Katherine admitted, as her crystal eyes became all watery. \"I'm not the same girl I was before.\" \"You are not the only one.\" Algren said at last, his voice soothing and relaxed. \"I remember my first few months in this place...\" Katherine continued, \"...I was horrified. I didn't know if I'd be able to live with these people, the people I called 'barbarians.' \" Before Katherine could carry on, Nathan threw in. \"And now you're beginning to question whether leaving this place is truly what you want.\" He said, and the girl before him nodded, amazed that Nathan read her mind so well. \"Yes.\" She replied softly. A look of mutual understanding and the same feeling passed towards the two individuals. Nathan gazed at Katherine in silence, he too had the exact same thoughts in his mind. \"Does it make me a bad person that I've come to sympathize with the enemy?\" Katherine questioned, desperate to know the truth. \"Not at all.\" Nathan responded with a small smile. \"We've had a privilege to know these people for what they truly are. And I for instance, came to appreciate their way of life.\" He admitted with a slight chuckle. Katherine could no longer answer, she meekly nodded and rested her head on Nathan's shoulder. Part of her wanted to question him about Taka...after all, she had noticed the tender gazes the two gave each other. Despite herself, Kitty decided to remain silent for a while, she knew that Nathan needed to figure his feelings on his own, just like she had done. They were both very still, each other them lost in their own thoughts. Indeed, their time in the village among the samurai, flew away way too quickly. And neither of them were as happy on the prospect of leaving as they believed. The next day was far more warm then before. It already felt like Summer which was very strange considering the fact that it was still the middle of April. The snow in the mountains had completely vanished, it was only matter of hours until the passes would open up. Katherine became rather depressed as she thought about it. The morning was spent at the breakfast table with Higen, Magojiro, Taka and Nathan. Nobutada was already up and gone...probably training with the other men. Once finished, Katherine started helping Taka with the chores while Nathan and the two young boys went outside to enjoy the beautiful sunshine. \" You should rest, you've done more then enough.\" Taka spoke to her sweetly, as Katherine washed the dishes rather vigorously, hoping to shut out her thoughts about leaving this place. \" I will miss you.\" Kitty spoke up suddenly, overwhelmed with emotion. She was torn...oh so torn. She couldn't stand the thought of leaving the village and people she had come to ...love. And that also drew her completely insane! What was going on with her? She should've been joyful that finally she'd reunite with her father. And she was! The only thing that made the whole situation slightly easy was the fact that she would see her father. Other then that, her heart was sinking from these thoughts. Taka met her sea colored eyes with a gentle smile. She had come to love Katherine as well. The European girl had become her companion, her friend. And even though, Taka didn't talk too much, the actions spoke louder. She was very pleased to have a young woman like Katherine under her roof...and her children especially Magojiro had grown so fond of her. It was a pity, that Kitty had to go so soon. And the American man...that was another subject. But he too had managed to get under Taka's skin and no matter what, she couldn't shake him off. \" I will miss you too, Kitty.\" Taka replied, and tears threatened to spill her eyes. Which was strange, she usually controlled her emotions and kept them well concealed. Without another word, Katherine pulled her into and embrace, that forward gesture startled the Japanese woman a little bit. But soon enough, she warmed up and relaxed, hugging the girl right back. Yes, parting was going to be very difficult when the time came. Katherine had never thought that bathing outside in the forest would give her so much contentment and ease her emotional pain as in that moment. She sank below in the warm water, her chocolate brown curls unraveled, and for a second, she was in peace. Underwater, she could cry and no one would hear her. She could scream because of her frustrations, and no one would even notice. Once in need of an air, Katherine rose from the water and gasped, as her hair covered her face. She looked up, pushing her wet locks aside, scanning the area around her. It was magical. The springs were so mysterious and gorgeous, giving her the sense of tranquility and peacefulness that she longed for. Katherine moved towards the rocky edge of the hot springs. Pressing her forehead, and letting the tears slide down her cheeks. The silence lasted, but the seclusion did not as the steam from the water rose high into the sky, swirling around the lonesome figure standing right across from the springs. A slight crack was heard, immediately Katherine snapped her head, turning towards the intruder. She became downright shocked when she got a good look at the person who had startled her. It was Ujio. Katherine let out a nervous shriek, quickly reaching out to grab her towel, wrapping it swiftly around her body. \" You should've made your presence known.\" She stated firmly, climbing out of the water. Ujio had an amused smirk on his face, but he wiped it off when he realized that he had indeed startled her. To be honest, he didn't know that anyone would be out in the deep forest and he had wondered off to seek out some solitude. He wanted to get the imagine of Nobutada and Katherine's kiss out of his mind, once and for all. It drove him mad whenever he thought about it. The worst part was...he recognized his own feelings really well. He was jealous. It was astonishing how he came to care for the sharp-tongued, disrespectful, gaijin girl, who had disgraced herself by showing up in battle and who had been irritating Ujio since the day she got in the village. But there was no escaping his own conscious, it was the truth. Gradually, as much as he didn't want it, Ujio had become infatuated with her. Talk about hypocrisy. He wanted to punch himself in the gut. Wasn't he the one criticizing Nobutada for that? Now he was in the same position. His mind was occupied with these unwanted thoughts, when he came upon the hot springs. And of course, Katherine happened to be there! The one person he wanted to remove from his mind appeared before him. And she was BATHING! Could this be anymore ridiculous? Ujio wanted to leave, but he lingered. She was just so...beautiful, so graceful and so different. She had her back turned to him, as her dark hair came dripping down her body. Her skin was ivory colored thanks to the sun, she wasn't ghostly pale. She looked lively and bright. He couldn't resist and so he stayed behind, until he stepped in a clumsy manner and frightened the girl. Indeed, he should've made his presence known. Katherine clutched the robe on her chest, hoping to get some kind of explanation from him. \" I didn't want to interrupt your...\" Ujio started and paused, noticing Katherine's teary, red eyes. \" Are you alright?\" He asked, sounding little too concerned. Katherine huffed, embarrassed at the situation she was in. \" I'm fine, if we don't count the fact that I was being watched while naked.\" Her sharp tongue! Ujio shook his head slightly, moving closer towards her, trying hard to not smile at her words. \"I apologize for the intrusion.\" He said at last, kind of satisfying Katherine with the sentence. Silence fell over them, as Katherine met his gaze which surprisingly was intimidating her. Maybe it had something to do with the fact that she was in a vulnerable position. \" You have tears in your eyes?\" Ujio asked surprised. \" It's just water.\" Katherine lied. \" Does it have to do with you kissing my lord's son?\" The tough warrior questioned sharply, not buying her words even for an instant. Katherine's eyes widened in shock and humiliation. \" Do you make a habit of spying on people without their knowledge?\" How on earth did he know about the kiss?! Ujio smirked in a mischievous manner. He didn't remember the last time he had smiled like that. Probably when he was a little child. \"With all due respect, but you did kiss him in a public place. Anyone could've seen it.\" He replied with a slight shrug. Katherine couldn't believe him right now! Some nerves he had! \"It's not what you think.\" She started nervously. \" Don't worry, I won't be staying here.\" Ujio frowned, little bit displeased at her words. \" On the contrary, I would've been honored to have you here.\" Katherine gazed at him in complete awe. His expressions and words were honest and sincere. She was pleasantly surprised. \" Really?\" The proud samurai bowed in response. A smile formed on Katherine's face, but then she realized something and stopped. \"You wouldn't be saying this if you knew the whole truth.\" Ujio knitted his brows. \" And what can that be?\" He asked gently. The girl exhaled a little bit, debating whether to tell him or not. She met his dark eyes once more and to her astonishment, they appeared warm and tender. \" Well, Nobutada offered me to become his wife.\" Katherine spoke up at last. He did not see that one coming! As shocked as he was, Ujio remained composed. He twitched his upper lip, clearing his throat uncomfortably. Katherine stared at the ground in disappointment. \" See, I knew you wouldn't approve if you had heard this.\" The tough warrior needed few seconds to mentally pinch himself. \"Your words are true, I wouldn't approve.\" Katherine nodded her head knowingly. \" You don't have to explain. I know it's a shame, and I would've brought dishonor on the entire samurai.\" \" You're wrong.\" Ujio threw in instantly, causing Katherine to meet his gaze once more. \" I don't disapprove the marriage because I dislike you.\" He admitted, his eyes not leaving hers. \" Then?\" Katherine mumbled quietly. \" I don't approve of the reunion because...\" Ujio paused, gazing intently in her beautiful eyes. You could get lost in them. \" I've come to favor you little too much .\" Katherine gasped in utter puzzlement. She was speechless. Did she hear and understand his words correctly? And why was her heart racing much more faster than ever before? Ujio gazed intently at her for few more seconds, before touching her left hand with his right, bringing it gently to his lips and kissing it. \" I cannot betray my lord and Nobutada with my actions. But getting you out of my mind will be a challenge.\" He spoke up afterwards and left without another word. Katherine stared after him in shock, and suddenly, small tears filled her eyes once more, as she watched him walk away.[Chapter 50] Chapter 50 A Hard Teacher Ujio lay awake that night, his mind was still haunted by the beautiful silhouette of Katherine, as she nervously gripped her towel cloth over her soft skin and observed him in silence. Only her crystal clear eyes betraying her visibly calm state. He didn't know what had gotten into him! When did he become so captivated by that girl? Wasn't she the foolish sharp tongue with a disrespectful attitude? Didn't he label her as a cunning witch? Didn't he vow to remain hostile towards Westerners all his life? They were troublesome people! But whenever he remembered Katherine, all his cold feelings towards the foreigners washed away. Ujio had indeed found himself just as infatuated with her as the young Nobutada. He hated these feelings! It made him appear weaker. It was one thing when an inexperienced, young warrior like Nobutada started falling for her, but what on earth had happened to him? Wasn't he Ujio? The famous samurai...whom most of the villagers called unbreakable? Why did he become so soft and full of emotions? He had kissed her hand! Katherine had her right hand pressed over her chest, trying to hold on to her robe, so without further thought, Ujio gently brought her available hand to his lips. It was downright unusual. Since when did he decide to adapt the Western chivalry and customs? But what else was he supposed to do? He could no longer resist to express his admiration towards her. However at the same time, Ujio wouldn't allow himself to go too far. After all, the girl most likely belonged to his lord's son now and he couldn't betray the trust of his leaders like that. It was going to be rather difficult...nevertheless, Ujio had made up his mind and was determined to forget her. Besides, he was strong, Katherine wasn't going to have so much power over him! The proud warrior was not the only one who had trouble falling a sleep that night, Simon Graham's daughter was equally stunned. So much had befallen her over the past few days. Ujio's gesture shocked and surprised her on many levels. But more astonishing to her were her own feelings. Weird tingly feelings! To her dismay, Katherine was actually very upset when Ujio left so suddenly. She wanted him to stay...and as shocking it sounded, Katherine wanted him to stay with her for longer. This boggled her mind. Why would she feel so differently about him? What was up with her? Her logical speech and resolved mind about how she couldn't be with Nobutada made sense to her. But the puzzling thing was that she couldn't bring herself to repeat the same words when it came to Ujio. And that drove her completely insane! Why?! If anything, her words applied more to the tough samurai then to Nobutada. Ujio was so much more complicated and different! Way too different! When it came to those two men, Nobutada sounded the safer and wiser choice. And yet in her heart, Katherine couldn't bring herself to confirm it. Katherine grunted in frustration and for now, decided to forget about everything! She needed to sleep...she simply couldn't spend another restless night thinking about men she used to hate with passion. The next morning, Katherine was helping Taka outside in her small garden, they were picking vegetables for the soup while little Magojiro chased after geese and chickens. Nathan casually strolled by and intently watched the cheerful faces of the two women he had come to love and admire. But only one of them made his heart soar faster than the racing eagle. Katherine and Taka were both too engrossed in their own quest to pick out a perfect ingredient to notice Nathan's caring eyes on them. Higen followed after the American man as the two of them made their way up to the hill top; the silent samurai, who was nicknamed Bob, trailed behind them and without anyone's knowledge a satisfied smile spread across his face. Things had changed so much from the first day the Westerners got there. Indeed, circumstances were different now...and to the older man's surprise, they were better. Much better. That afternoon, Katherine wondered out in the training fields and came up to young Higen. She looked at the boy and beamed. It was obvious that Higen had come to favor and admire Nathan very much. The two of them had indeed bonded and were inseparable. Katherine noticed how eagerly the young boy followed her friend and supported him whenever he practiced the samurai swordsmanship. Right now, the young boy had a huge smile across his face. Nathan was fighting with one of the warriors and he had won the combat several times. Nakao, and few other samurai watched his accomplishments in pride, slowly starting to give credit to the American and admired his quick and swift skills. \"He is getting so much better.\" Higen whispered to the young woman next to him. Katherine nodded with a small smile. \" Indeed.\" She replied. Algren twirled his wooden sword in a fancy cavalry 'flourish'. He smirked triumphantly and bowed at the young samurai he had fought. Finally his hard work was paying off, he glanced at Katherine and Higen and winked at them with a mischievous expression. The pride he had always taken in his swordsmanship had been restored. However, Nathan's victory didn't last too long, in few minutes a sharp command turned everyone around. Ujio was standing tall and proud. He had witnessed the American's success and cocky behavior. It was about time the two of them faced each other. He was going to teach him another lesson! With determination, Ujio grabbed the wooden sword and stood in front of Algren, ready for the combat. Katherine's eyes were focused on the scene; part of her was worried for Nathan, but another part very curious to see what would be the outcome of this fight. Looks like Katherine wasn't the only one eager to see the interesting and long-awaited show down. Immediately, Nakao and the other samurai Koura started betting amongst themselves in how many strikes would Ujio win. \"In three strikes.\" Koura announced \" Five.\" Responded Nakao Nathan stood across from Ujio, ready again for the ken-jutsu. He was excited! He wanted to know if he had become good enough to battle a man like Ujio. Apparently, now was the time to see. Everything seemed quiet, and everyone was silent, as the two men stood frozen for the longest amount of time. Each of them observing and studying the state of another. Katherine exhaled sharply, her patience running shorter. Nathan charged at him first, trying his best and giving it all he head. Easily Ujio dodged his blows and exactly in three strikes, defeated the American in the first round. Nathan sighed in frustration, glancing at Katherine who had a small frown on her face. Koura beamed in delight, happy that he had won the bet and Nakao reluctantly gave him silver coins, his eyes rolling in irritation. \" Now in five moves.\" The victorious Koura continued. \" In six.\" Insisted annoyed Nakao. Katherine couldn't contain her giggle when she overheard the two men. Nathan and Ujio continued their combat; the American was furious, slowly losing his nerves, however his opponent was well composed. As swiftly as the first time, Ujio won the second round in five moves just as Koura predicted. With a satisfied smirk, he proudly stared at angry Nathan. Katherine took a deep breath, understanding her friend's frustration. Again and again he was bested out by Ujio. Higen had a look of disappointment on his innocent face. Nakao's irritation grew once more as he handed the money to Koura again. Okay. Algren backed away, realizing that he was thinking too much. He needed to relax and calm down. He closed his eyes and remembered Nobutada's advise 'No mind'. Slowly Nathan gripped the bokken and studied Ujio's movements. In the stillness of his mind, Nathan managed to compose himself. All sounds gradually drained away, and he could hear his own breathing. Nathan's eyes focused on Ujio's hands as his grip shifted slightly. The brave American was suddenly aware of all his surroundings. The bird in a tree, a woman grinding rice, a plum that fell down, and a gentle-swaying of a battle flag. Algren attacked, but this time with no fury, just control, Ujio deflected the blow. Algren anticipated, swinging his wooden sword swiftly, and immediately the tough samurai blocked it. The American countered and pressed his bokken, Ujio countered as he retreated. The fight continued, and Nathan was relentless. Finally, both men striked at the same moment, their swords arriving simultaneously at the other's neck. \" A draw!\" All samurai were amazed. Katherine gasped in awe, she had indeed witnessed an incredible challenge. A grin of triumph spread across her face as she looked at equally happy Higen. Nathan and Ujio were both frozen. This was just as shocking and unexpected to both of them as it was for the spectators. Slowly Nathan stepped away and bowed to Ujio. The tough samurai nodded in respect. Something had changed in him. No longer did Ujio feel the hatred and hostility towards the American. Nathan had proved himself. The tough samurai was silently proud of him. Although, he wasn't about to admit it. \"Nicely done, Nathan!\" Katherine exclaimed, running up to him and hugging him close. \"You'll definitely win next time.\" She encouraged and Nathan smiled in return. \"I don't think so.\" Replied Ujio with a smirk. Nathan and Katherine's eyes widened in astonishment as they turned to face him. \"Did he just speak in English?\" Wondered, dumbfounded Nathan. \"I believe he did.\" Katherine answered hesitantly, her eyes fixed on the samurai. Ujio stared at them in amusement, he was very close to bursting out into a laughter. \"What?\" \"You know English?\" Katherine raised her brows in shock. \"Yes. Does that surprise you so?\" Before Katherine or Nathan could reply, Nobutada arrived on horseback and called for them. Nathan walked towards the leader of the village immediately, while Katherine lingered, still puzzled at the new revelation. \"How did you learn? Why didn't you tell me sooner?\" She questioned eagerly. Ujio tried hard not to smile at her words. \"Together with my lord. It was mandatory in the Emperor's Council. And I don't like to show off my knowledge.\" \"You don't like to show off? Oh, please...\" Katherine laughed and shook her head. \"You are the perfect definition of monsieur-je-sais-tout!\" \"Is that supposed to be French?\" Ujio asked amused. Katherine grinned in response. \"Yes.\" \"How many languages do you speak?\" The brave warrior was suddenly interested and curious to know more about her. \"Enough to make one's head spin.\" Katherine replied in Japanese with a teasing glare. Ujio could no longer contain his smile, as he gazed at her intently. In seconds however, he cleared his throat, realizing where this would lead him. He glanced at Nobutada who was busy informing everyone about a Spring festival that would occur the next day. She belonged to him now. \" You should go, don't make your lord wait.\" Ujio spoke up in his language and bowed, turning around to leave. Katherine was confused and very surprised. But she didn't say anything and obeyed his word.[Chapter 51] Chapter 51 Honor Katherine stood peacefully on the hilltop gazing down at the samurai training below, she studied their graceful and quick movements, and actually found herself mesmerized at the swift and flawless motions of their swords. She spotted Nobutada practising his 'Way of the Bow' ...also known as mounted archery. He made such a complicated discipline look so easy with his excellent riding technique and precise, keen eyes; nailing each arrow on its target in mere seconds. Right across from Nobutada, Ujio was standing in the middle of the other warriors instructing them loudly and training hard in ken-jutsu. Their movements and gestures were on point, giving Katherine the illusion of some kind of a mystical dance. \"Enjoying the view?\" The young woman heard a familiar voice from behind. She turned towards Nathan who came up close to her with a smile on his handsome face. \"It's beautiful.\" Katherine admitted coyly, and the American officer agreed with a slight nod. The sun was slowly setting over the horizon, the air was warm and fresh, the breeze blew past their hair. Both Katherine and Nathan stood there in silence, taking in the wonderful scenery that was right before their eyes. Deep down, both of them knew that very soon they'd forever leave this place and neither of them were ready to let that go. Even though, they realized that returning to Tokyo was probably the best for them. \"Just the two people I wanted to see.\" Katsumoto's voice rang in their ears. Katherine and Nathan both bowed at the samurai warlord in respect. He gave them a gentle smile in return and bowed as well. \"Ujio tells me that your skill has improved.\" The leader started afterwards, his eyes focused on Nathan. \"I'm just a beginner.\" Katsumoto shifted his gaze towards Katherine and smiled. \"Such modesty is very Japanese, don't you think so, Kitty?\" \"Couldn't agree more.\" She answered, and shot Nathan a teasing glare. Her eyes sparkling with mischief, the American chuckled quietly in response. Sensing the light-hearted atmosphere, Katsumoto beamed in delight, ready to carry on the conversation with the two western 'hostages', who had become anything but that. He wasn't about to say it out loud, but he regarded them as friends. \"They are fine warriors.\" Katherine remarked, as the three of them watched the samurai practising below in the fields. \"Yes, they are good. Most of them have been studying since they could walk. Myself included.\" Katsumoto announced, his gaze was on Nobutada, who glided on his horse with an ease and swiftly fired the arrows. They were quiet again, lost in their own thoughts, until Nathan spoke up with a heavy heart. \"I could kill all those men with a single round from a howitzer. You know this word, howitzer?\" Katherine stared at him a little irritated. Although his words were very true, she didn't like where Nathan was taking the conversation. To her, it was like a rude awakening from a beautiful dream. Katsumoto however, listened to him with much interest. \"I know this word. How quickly can they fire?\" He asked. \"Three rounds a minute. Four if the crew is good.\" Nathan answered, still observing the samurai below. \"At Gettysburg, 3000 men died in fifteen minutes.\" \"What is their range?\" The Samurai leader raised his brows. \"Accurate up to a mile. Lethal at half a mile.\" Nathan's realistic words stung Katherine, she couldn't bare the thought of seeing these brave men slaughtered so ruthlessly. War was simply terrible! No one could win. Someone was bound to die! Katsumoto looked back at the young woman, a small scoff appearing on his face. \"That's not brave at all. If you do not look into the eyes of your enemy while you kill him, then you are a coward.\" He stated firmly, and Katherine couldn't help but recall the feisty conversation she had with Ujio one Winter's afternoon in the temple halls. He had told her a similar thing. \"Either way, he's just as dead.\" Nathan responded, as much as he hated to say this. It was the complete truth. Katsumoto paused, unable to give him a witty comeback. Katherine took a deep breath and faced Nathan. \"Samurai believe that taking a man's life is nothing, it's his honor you can never take away.\" She spoke up, repeating the exact same words Ujio had said to her that day in the temple. Whether she agreed with them was a total different question, but for some reason, she wanted to continue this subject...although, at first she wasn't too pleased. Katsumoto was very impressed with her answer. He looked at her pleasantly surprised. \"Your words are true, fair girl.\" \"Honor...\" Murmured Nathan and shook his head. \"You do not believe in this?\" The leader asked the cynical American. No, quite frankly, he didn't. And neither did Katherine. The two of them were quiet, silently staring at the samurai warlord, who drew out his long katana slowly. \"This sword was gifted to my family by the Emperor 400 years ago. Many of them died in his service. Our lives mean nothing...honor is everything.\" Explained Katsumoto with pride. \"Hell of an honor.\" Muttered Nathan under his breath. Katherine was downright offended with Katsumoto's speech. In short, he didn't give a damn about Nobutada or Ujio's life. If they died in battle, it meant nothing to him. Was he that heartless? \"Do you know that in our Civil War the South believed that they were fighting for honor, but guess what? Their men were killed by thousands!\" Exclaimed Nathan, his words similar to Katherine's when she had uttered them to Ujio once. The young woman nodded eagerly in agreement. \"Captain Algren is right.\" She spoke modestly. Katsumoto looked at them in surprise. These two strong-minded Westerners weren't easy to tame. \"Then they had a good death.\" He stated simply. \"No, they didn't have a good death!\" Snapped Nathan in irritation, similar facial expression came from Katherine. \"Their land was overrun, their families were starving!\" He continued anxiously. \"Think about your warriors; your son, your right hand man and friend, Ujio. Do you really wish to see them fall?\" Katherine threw in desperately, overwhelmed with emotion. \"Do you place no value whatsoever on human life?\" Questioned Nathan passionately. Katsumoto shook his head. \"Look at you two, hypocrites.\" He scoffed. \"Weren't you the one who accepted this job-a job to take human life for money?\" His eyes were fixed on Nathan, who became silent instantly. \"And you?\" Katsumoto turned to Katherine. \"True, you've been thrown in the midst of war because of your father...but know this fair girl, it does not matter. You've participated in battle, and you've helped men like him take human life.\" Katherine stared down to the ground, ashamed of herself. The wise leader was correct and true in many ways. \"Where are your morals and honor? What do you stand by?\" Continued Katsumoto, his voice enough to make one weak at knees in fright. \"Honor isn't going to stop the railroads, the cities and the machines!\" Nathan argued, intensity was rising in his voice as well. \"The South couldn't do it, the Indians couldn't, and you can't either!\" This was the bitter reality indeed. Both Nathan and Katherine had come to care for Katsumoto and his entire clan...the sheer idea of them dying so pointlessly was really devastating. Katsumoto looked at the two individuals before him. \"I was told Americans, and Westerners in general, were difficult people...\" \"And we were told that Japanese were agreeable and polite.\" Katherine responded sharply, earning a small smile of approval from Nathan. Kastumoto chuckled lightly. There was silence again as the three of them stood frozen. Even though, they had different opinions on such matters, the admiration and respect for one another was actually growing. \"I have requested an audience with the Emperor.\" The warlord spoke up after a while, remembering why he had come to see them in the first place. \"He is young and there are still things I must say to him. I await his reply.\" Nathan briefly glanced at Katherine and then turned his attention back to Katsumoto. \"When will the passes be open?\" Katsumoto paused, his eyes shifting from Nathan to the girl next to him. \"They are open now.\" Katherine's heart started to race like no other. Reunion with her father was no longer far away. \"Do you plan on letting us return to Tokyo?\" Nathan asked calmly. \"So that you can bring your howitzers against my samurai?\" Katsumoto raised his brows. Both Nathan and Katherine were struck by that question. They hadn't thought about it at all. What would they do once they'd return to where they belonged? Would they still stand against the samurai rebels? I was not planning on making this so long. Actually this was supposed to be a small beginning of the Spring Festival chapter. But anyway, I think this turned out rather fine. I'm sorry if I'm dragging this too slow. I just want to fully develop every character and make their interactions genuine. Stay tuned for the upcoming interesting chapter and don't forget to share your thoughts. Thanks for all the support. I've come so far and all thanks to your continuous reviews![Chapter 52] Chapter 52 The Spring Festival In the dark streets of Tokyo, while every regular civilian was fast asleep in their own warm bed, one man could not bring himself to rest. His heart was anxious, he simply did not allow himself to have the privilege of sleep. He needed to do everything in his power to save the girl he mostly cared about; and even though, the odds were completely and utterly against him, he was absolutely determined. The stocky elderly man marched quietly towards the restricted area. He knew that he was testing Omura and Colonel Bagley's fury with his acts of rebellion, but he couldn't sit around and mope. He needed to try at least something! And right now, he actually had a plan in his mind. You see, this gentleman may have not been a fighter, or a flexible athlete...indeed, he was downright clumsy. But he was intellectual and political...he had been in these schemes and games for a while and it was time for him to use his brain. His daughter depended on him! He would not let his little girl down! Never! She had done more than enough for him, she had proven her love for him. It was his turn now. Out in the dark, this man was met by two individuals, who silently emerged from the fog. These men were dressed all in black, their movements were all too strange and sneaky, and gave an illusion of a shadow warrior. One might wonder what kind of profession they had. Apparently, this was a scheduled secret meeting. The desperate father pulled out a small sack and handed to one of the shadow warriors. Or we could call them Omura's hired assassins. Obviously, the sack was filled with money, and upon seeing this, the two Japanese men sighed in content. \" Will this do?\" Questioned the Englishman, speaking fluently in the native language of these men. \" Yes, it will.\" Answered one of them with a sneaky sneer. \" Then you know what you must do.\" The man announced decidedly, pleased that his plan was working. \"We'll try. But remember, don't get your hopes up.\" Warned the second assassin. \" Omura-san's words are most likely true.\" \"Your girl might be dead.\" The first one threw in. \"But if she is not, you'll do just as I've instructed you.\" The Englishman insisted firmly. \" Don't worry, we won't mess up.\" \"Great. Well then, good luck.\" The man bowed at the two assassins and mumbled to himself in his own language. \"God speed.\" It was a very cheerful evening in the Samurai Village; the whole entire day had been dedicated for celebrating the annual Spring planting festival. The blazing torches illuminated the stage near Taka's house, where the entire village had gathered to watch Kyogen play, a comic form. The actors wearing colorful masks, stood up at the platform and performed their art, making everyone light-hearted and happy. Nathan set nearby Taka and her two sons, enjoying himself and marveled at the spirit around him. Right across from him, Katherine was located on a small wooden chair, laughing delightfully at the comedic display. The people around them clapped their hands in excitement, as the actors continued delivering the hilarious lines. Nathan didn't understand much that was going on, but he was very happy. He glanced at Taka and noticed just how beautiful her coy smile was. She caught his eye and lowered her head timidly. Nobutada and Ujio stood on the front lines, they too had grins on their faces mostly, Nobutada. He couldn't hide his excitement. A very special guest was about to make an appearance. Katherine hadn't had this much fun since that snow day when she started a snowball fight with Nathan, Higen, Magojiro and Nobutada. She couldn't help but admire everything and everyone around her. For a moment, she actually wished for this to never end. Her sea greenish eyes shifted towards the two men that very much confused her: Ujio and Nobutada. Her eyes were immediately met by Ujio and she instantly glanced away. She couldn't understand what was happening between them, whatever it was...she had a feeling that it would cause more complications in her heart. Below the stage area, the two samurai guards stood alert. They walked around the territory in silence and gave each other a quick glance...all was looking well. They started slowly and walked in opposite directions. Suddenly, one of them heard a noise, before he could register what was happening, he was roughly grabbed by a black-cloaked arm that twisted his neck sharply, and dragged him in the darkness. Another samurai's throat was quickly and swiftly slit. Soon afterwards, these dark creatures emerged from their hiding places. There is another way of combat. The way without the beauty, the philosophy, and the moral code. Their head-to-toe black clothes were the perfect camouflage, their silence and stealth was outwardly and deadly. They were then known as shinobi...we now know them as Ninja. These mysterious assassins floated across the ground with complete physical control, more than ready to take charge of the situation. Ready to fulfill the wishes of their employer, ready to eliminate the one that needed to disappear once and for all. The shadow warriors jumped and crawled up on the walls like spiders. One by one taking the position up at the rooftops, surrounding the square, silently taking their lethal crossbows and arming them. Completely unaware and unsuspecting audience continued to merrily laugh, the music kept on playing and everyone was in great spirits. The mood became even more bright when all of a sudden, Katsumoto appeared on stage. He was shaking his head and laughing, secretly relishing the opportunity to covert with the players. Katherine giggled in surprise and clapped her hands excitingly. She was not expecting the Samurai warlord on stage! She looked around and noticed Nathan chuckling heartily, he glanced at her and nodded in acknowledgement. The villagers started laughing happily. \" Finally, my lord!\" Cheered Nakao eagerly from the entertained audience, next to him stood the silent Bob with a slight smile on his face. Katsumoto was indeed an enthusiastic actor, he played the children from the crowd, who were delighted with his broad theatrics. Katherine laughed and set back in her chair, taking in the fullness of the moment. Her eyes were drawn to the clear sky and up on the particularly bright stars, that were shining gorgeously. It was truly a magical night. However, in that moment, she spotted something very odd. A complete blackness way darker than the light sky, shifting slightly on the rooftop. How strange! Was it a shadow? Katherine turned her eyes on the stage again, but she grew restless. She glanced at Nathan and noticed that he was nervously scanning the area where the guards should've been. Surprisingly, they weren't there! Suddenly Nathan jumped and cried out loudly. \"KATSUMOTO!\" Katherine snapped her head, only to witness how a crossbow bolt whistled past Katsumoto's head who had ducked it quickly, and hit the actor in the mask. Immediately, the blood split out. Nothing could be heard afterwards, Katherine let out a huge scream as did the rest of the horrified villagers. In that moment, the numerous weapons like arrows and throwing stars, rained upon the unprotected square. Katherine got up, picking up her skirts and attempted to run towards Nathan, who was helping Taka shield her sons. He immediately pushed them towards the house, his eyes turned back to look for Katherine, but she was nowhere to be seen. Ujio and Nakao flashed their swords, quickly organizing a circle around the Samurai leader in protection. \" Guard our lord!\" Ujio yelled on top of his lungs, as the samurai thrust their bodies in front of Katsumoto. Nobutada quickly grabbed his bow and started picking off the Ninja from the rooftops. His aim was precise and flawless as always. The ring around the leader of the village moved towards Taka's house. \" Protect women and children!\" Katsumoto exclaimed, but Ujio pushed him inside with the other samurai guards. \" Lord please, go inside!\" He demanded, as the warlord obeyed and entered the house where Nathan and Taka with her two sons were. Ujio and Nakao joined the silent samurai 'Bob' in a defensive position, outside. More Ninjas appeared on the ground. The black assassins were now everywhere, samurai quickly rushed to engage them and small hand-to-hand combats broke out in the entire square. Katherine all this time, tried to make her way to Taka's house where her friends had gone off to. But she was swamped in the panicked crowd. Screaming women, children and elders bumped into her without consideration. She couldn't get to the safety and now she was completely lost. Wherever she looked the bodies of samurai fell to the ground, as the black clothed warriors multiplied in numbers. The utter chaos reminded her so much of the battle she went through against the Samurai. The difference now was her state of mind. Katherine was no longer that scared little girl hiding behind a tree, she courageously raced towards the fight, hoping to get to safety. Along the way, she scanned the area, trying to distinguish familiar faces. But all in vain. She was separated from the people she mostly depended on. So it was up to her to stand her ground and protect her own self. Katherine hurriedly ran, desperate to find some kind of a weapon, in a sudden flash one of the assassins came flying at her, she ducked her head and screamed, only to see him slashed in half by one of the samurai guards. She sighed in relief as the man who had saved her motioned her to run to safety. Before she could move, from the corner of her eye, she spotted a pregnant woman crawling on the ground, and the killer came up on her defenseless form. Katherine's attention was caught once more by the samurai who had saved her, and her eyes widened upon the scene. Her rescuer had been attacked and lay lifeless on the ground. Without another thought, she fetched the dead samurai's katana and raced towards the poor defenseless woman. \" Leave her alone!\" She commanded the ninja warrior, and attempted to thrust her sword in his body. The very annoyed assassin snapped his head back in agitation, leaving the pregnant villager in peace, who immediately ran towards safety. But now Katherine was in the claws of the enemy. The killer grabbed the katana she was holding with an ease and swung his entire arm, smacking Katherine right across the face and sending her on the dirt. Katherine was dazed, blinded by the pain, and did not understand what was happening until she felt someone yank her upright with her hair. The black assassin clutched her neck in his powerful hand, and turned her roughly towards him. The young woman couldn't do anything but stare at the brutal enemy with her piercing eyes. She was completely and utterly alone and helpless. The ninja, taken aback by her meek behavior, paused for a single moment. That little hesitation, bought Katherine the time she needed and, reaching out towards his small lethal knife, she grabbed it and quickly stabbed him in the stomach. The man grunted in pain and fell down to the ground, releasing his grip from the brave girl. Katherine watched him die right before her eyes. She was shaking in shock. Did she just kill a human? She couldn't believe it. Upon noticing this act of violence, another shinobi warrior creeped up on her from behind, seizing the unsuspecting girl by the shoulders and grabbing her close. \"No!\" Katherine yelled loudly, as she struggled to get away. The enraged warrior took hold of the small knife she had, and made her drop it. Afterwards, he abruptly turned the defenseless young woman towards him and with all his might, ruthlessly struck her in the face. The sheer strength of the enemy flew Katherine on the ground once more. This time, she hit her head real hard and suddenly, everything was a blank to her. Meanwhile a fierce fight was raging on inside Taka's house, no matter how much the samurai tried to keep the assassins out, they still managed to get in. The situation was so tense and horrific that even small Higen decided to stand with Nathan and Katsumoto. He swiftly brought out his dead father's sword and tried to save Nathan, who was outnumbered by the vicious attackers. Taka cried out in dismay, as the enemy turned towards the small boy. Luckily, Nathan regained his strength and came to Higen's rescue. In that moment, another Ninja thrust his sword at the American and this time, Taka saved him, grabbing a nearby sword and killing the enemy instantly. Katsumoto battled with the black warriors all alone, his body guards were cut down rather quickly. Nathan and the warlord were the only survivors in the house, not including Taka and her small sons. The assassins encircled the two men, sneering at them in disgust. Nathan and Katsumoto gave each other a quick glance before charging at the enemy together. Ujio, Nakao, the Silent samurai 'Bob' and the other men continued to fight courageously. Each swing of Ujio's katana brought death to enemy, and yet they were still surrounded by the never-ending black-clothed warriors. Nabutada fired his arrows at the emerging assassins, nailing them on the ground completely breathless. The more they battled, the more of them appeared. Ujio dodged the blow of his opponent and struck him in the head. Slowly, the samurai were gaining the upper-hand again. Nobutada raced towards Taka's house to see if his father and Algren needed any assistance. To his surprise, he found Nathan and Katsumoto standing in the middle of the living-room, panting in sheer exhaustion while the bodies of the assassins lay lifeless around them. They managed to protect themselves! They were safe! The young warrior sighed in relief upon seeing that Taka, Higen and Magojiro weren't harmed either. However, one familiar face was not among them. Nobutada scanned the area frantically. Where was she? Where was the girl he mostly cared about? Before he could utter a word, little Magojiro spoke up. \" Where's Kitty-san?\" There was sudden silence of confusion. Nathan immediately looked at Nobutada; for some reason, he hoped that she had found refuge with him. Didn't she? \" She's not here?!\" Exclaimed the young samurai horrified. \"What?\" Nathan cried in shock. \"Katherine!\" He yelled, as Nobutada without further thought, swiftly dashed outside followed by desperate Nathan and Katsumoto. Taka stayed behind, silently praying for Kitty to be safe. The Samurai warriors had slowly but thoroughly regained their utmost strength and were defeating the enemies, who were no longer as numerous as before. Once the final body of an assassin dropped to the ground, Ujio yelled in triumph, receiving the similar battle cry of victory from the other samurai. All of the attackers were dead! None had survived...or at least that's what they thought for now. \"Katherine!\" The American's panicked voice rang in Ujio's ears. He turned only to see Nobutada, Nathan and Katsumoto rushing out of Taka's house. \"Ujio!\" Yelled Nathan, knowing that unlike Nobutada, he spoke and understood English better. \"Have you seen Katherine?\" He questioned desperately. \"Has anyone seen her?!\" Nathan exclaimed with worry, searching for the girl with his eyes. \" Where is the western girl?! Does anyone know?\" Demanded Katsumoto, turning towards his men and speaking to them in Japanese. Ujio's eyes widened in complete shock and surprise. All this time, he was sure that both Kitty and Taka had been in the house with Katsumoto and the guards. She wasn't there?! \"She is not with me.\" Ujio shook his head in disbelief, his heart sinking at the thought of something happening to the girl. Nobutada let out a frustrated sigh, and Nathan growled angrily. Suddenly, the tough samurai's temper burst then and there. Ujio's eyes flushed in fury as he glared at both Nobutada and Nathan. \"You fools!\" He spat enraged. \" Why didn't you protect her? Isn't that your job?\" He demanded from Katsumoto's son and then turned to the American and grabbed him roughly by his clothes. \" Why didn't you bring her to safety? Why?! You idiot!\" He cried out in sheer wrath, but before he'd completely lose it, Katsumoto stepped in. \"Enough!\" He froze everyone with his loud bark. \" We are all to be blamed for this. All of us should've been more considerate. Now, I suggest, we stop accusing one another and go look for the girl!\" Even though, Ujio wished to punch Nathan in the face, he obeyed the order and let go of him slowly. They all had far more important thing to do now. They had to find Katherine.[Chapter 53] Chapter 53 Abandonment and Frustrations When Katherine started to come around, she could only determine whispers encircling her at first. Quick, slurry whispers. She groaned softly, her eyes were still tightly shut, but she was no longer unconscious. The sounds around her were growing louder and louder. Her teal colored eyes fluttered open, only to be met by the darkness of the sky. The stars were no longer insight. Suddenly, she panicked! Katherine realized that she was on the ground and the memories of what happened before she blacked out, came rushing back to her mind. She quickly set up, her hand automatically flying to her head, and found herself in a forest nearby Nobutada's village. She whimpered in pain as her head ached uncontrollably. However, soon she was able to notice the strangeness around her. Before she'd wake up, Katherine had been hearing some sort of voices. It sounded like a dialogue between two individuals. Now that she was awake, she couldn't hear anything and moreover, no one was standing in front of her. There was absolute silence, only the crickets could be heard that night. Katherine shivered in fright, unable to understand how she got there in the first place. But what she didn't know was that the two individuals that she heard speaking earlier, were standing right behind her. Upon noticing that the girl was finally awake, they decided to approach her. Katherine heard the sounds of someone marching up to her. She quickly jerked her head back and stood up in panic. The black warriors who had attacked the village were walking up to her in sheer confidence. Despite the fact that Katherine was still feeling bit weak and her head hurt badly, she pulled herself together and cried. \" Stop right there! Don't come any closer!\" She commanded in Japanese and took few steps away from the two assassins. Her heart was racing like no other. She had no idea what was happening but she had a feeling that nothing good would come of it. Were they planning on killing her? They should've done it by now. Or were they planning to amuse themselves with her? A chill ran down her spine at that thought nevertheless, she was ready to put up a fight. \"Look at that, she too speaks our language.\" One of them said loudly. \" Must run in the family.\" Responded the other. Katherine shifted her eyes from one to another in fright. What on earth were they talking about? The two men were clothed in black just like the warriors she had seen earlier. They were completely covered from head to toe, and the only thing Katherine could make out was their eyes. She continued to slowly back away from them, as they came closer and closer. In mere seconds, Kitty bumped her back into a huge tree and froze. \"What do you want from me?\" She demanded, as the men stopped right in front of her. \"No need to fear us, girl.\" Came a reply from the first speaker. \" We're just fulfilling our duty.\" \"What duty?\" Her voice was shaky with nervousness. The two men were quiet for a while, until the second assassin walked even more closer to her and studied her features. Katherine stared in fright, her chest rising up and down as the man observed her entirely; her eyes, nose, lips, hair and whole appearance. The man pulled her by the shoulders, fixing his gaze on her once more. Katherine didn't know what to do. She couldn't protest them, they had the upper hand at the moment. She could only pray to the Highest in Heaven to stop these monsters from hurting and harassing her. \" I believe she's the one.\" The man turned to the other and released Katherine from his grip. \"She doesn't resemble that clumsy Englishman at all.\" The other remarked. Katherine stared at them in complete puzzlement, unable to comprehend what these shadow warriors wanted with her. \"She probably had a beautiful mother.\" Responded the first assassin. \" What are you talking about?\" Katherine's patience burst at last. \" What do you want with me?\" \"Are you the daughter of the British linguist Graham-san Simon?\" Questioned the man in front of her. The girl was taken aback by his words but nevertheless, took a deep breath and replied. \" I am.\" Seriously, what on earth was happening right now? Who were these men? The two assassins upon hearing the news, exchanged a quick knowing glance. \"We must get going right away.\" Spoke the other, as the first man grabbed Katherine's hand quickly and followed after another. \" Wait, what is happening?\" Katherine stopped, pulling her hand from the assassin. \" How do you know my father?\" She demanded with a lift of her chin. \" Foolish girl! We have no time to explain!\" Barked the man in fury. \" Let's go!\" \"Where are you taking me?\" Mr. Graham's daughter asked eagerly, crossing her arms over her chest. Indicating that she was going nowhere until they explained themselves. The black clothed warriors groaned in displeasure, they wanted to leave the village as soon as possible. They had failed the first and the most important mission however, they weren't planning on letting the second mission flop. With a sharp exhale, one of them spoke roughly. \"Omura-san sent us to execute Lord Moritsugu Katsumoto. We are trained shinobi warriors following our duty.\" Katherine raised her brows in confusion. \" I understood that part, but what of my father? What role does he play in this mission?\" \"Your father paid us extra money to find you and bring you to him. He was convinced that you were held in this village by the samurai. Although, we believed that you were killed in battle.\" Katherine listened in shock, her eyes widened in utter surprise; several emotions racing back and forth in her mind. Her father was alive and well! He wanted to save her! She couldn't believe it. Her heart skipped a beat in excitement. \"We failed our Omura-san by blowing our important mission. However, we have found you and this will make everyone happy. So follow us before samurai discover that some of the assassins are alive and come after us. \" The man finished speaking and roughly pulled Katherine towards him. \" Hurry!\" He commanded. Katherine impulsively followed the two shinobi warriors as they quickly made their way towards the two horses they had secretly captured from the village. Swiftly they mounted the chestnut colored steeds and one of them looked down at Katherine, who was still shocked with everything that she had heard and seen. \" Climb up!\" Their firm words shook the young woman. She stared at them for few more seconds and then looked back at the village she had come to love. How could she leave without saying goodbye? Without explaining herself? What would Nathan think? What of Nobutada, Taka, Higen, Magojiro, Katsumoto...and Ujio? She was abandoning them without a word. She was running away with the very men who attacked the village in hopes of killing the samurai warlord. How could she do something like that? \" Your father awaits your return, do not disappoint him.\" One of them spoke up. \" Climb up, girl!\" Said another, extending his arm to her to help her up on the back of his horse. Katherine had never felt so torn apart like in that moment. Her stomach dropped and her heart sank in sadness. Up until now, her motives had been clear; she was keeping her poor sick father safe. If asked about all the decisions she had made in Japan, it was all because of her father. It revolved around him. Yet, now she was completely and utterly conflicted. \" Woman, wake up! We must leave immediately.\" The two men finally ran out of patience. Katherine stuttered as she looked at the village once more. A small tear rolling down her cheek. Despite everything she was feeling at that very moment, she pulled herself together. With a deep breath, Katherine grabbed the black clothed arm of the assassin and climbed up on his horse. No matter what, she couldn't disappoint her father. Maybe her choice was reckless, maybe she was being heartless towards the people who cared about her. However, one thing was clear: Blood is always thicker than water. Katherine took a one last gaze at the village, as the horses were urged into a swift gallop; away from the place she had come to love and appreciate...away from the people she had come to care so deeply. Away! She had chosen her father as always. Katsumoto had ordered his entire samurai to search for the young woman; every house, every square, every corner, everywhere! She couldn't just disappear, she had to be somewhere. No one was giving up so easily, particularly three men who had grown so fond of Katherine. Nobutada scanned the areas were they had fought the enemies fiercely, it was mostly close to the place where the theatrical play was being held. He hoped that Katherine was hiding there. The young samurai walked passed the dead bodies of assassins and some samurai that had died earlier. His heart was beating fast, he dreaded the idea of finding the girl he loved among them. Katsumoto was standing few distance away, as he watched his son in sympathy, he too wanted to be involved in this desperate search. He thoroughly believed that the young woman was alive. Her death made no sense to him. She was a survivor, a strong and a brave girl he too had come to appreciate. She was alright. However, that didn't make it easy for him to see how Nobutada struggled to contain his anxiety, how he struggled to remain composed. It suddenly occurred to Katsumoto that his son was completely and hopelessly in love. It was astonishing indeed. The samurai warlord exhaled and joined his son confidently. They would search for her together. Meanwhile, Ujio was looking for Katherine in nearby homes. He believed that maybe she had been shielded by the neighboring houses that were located close to Taka's place. It made a logical sense to him. He questioned the villagers if any of them had spotted her in the utter chaos, unfortunately, the answers he received weren't satisfying at all. Moreover, the people hadn't seen her at all. Everyone was so wrapped up in their own problems, that none had time for a captive western girl. With each response, Ujio was getting more and more irritated. His emotions were mixed with fury and frustration. He sighed heavily, turning around from the carpenter, who had just told him that he did not see Katherine. Ujio marched angrily towards Nathan, he was doing almost the same thing as Ujio; but at the same time, he called for Katherine loudly, in hopes of finding her. Nathan couldn't believe this right now! How could he lose sight of Katherine?! How did he let her get lost in that terrible battle?! The first thing that came to his mind when the assassins attacked, was to shield Taka and her sons. They deserved to be protected! He owed them way more though. He really cared about Hirotaro's family, but he would never abandon Katherine like that. Taka and her sons happened to be sitting closer to him, so that's why he impulsively saved them first. Or did he? Nathan thought about it, maybe...when it came to Katherine and Taka, he prioritized Katsumoto's beautiful sister way more? Maybe that was the whole reason he forgot and left Katherine in the chaos to fend for herself. Ujio approached the American, his glare was cold and full with anguish. That idiot should've kept her safe! Ujio couldn't do everything at the same time. His number one priority was to defend his lord! Nobutada and this dumb American had to think about Katherine! They had to protect her! No matter how much he tried to justify himself with this, more horrible he felt for not looking out for her in the time of need. It didn't matter if Nobutada and the American soldier weren't there for her, he HAD to be there for her! He should've saved her. Nathan felt the warrior's cold stare at him and turned to face Ujio. \"Had any luck?\" He asked, fully aware that the proud warrior understood everything he said. Ujio did not respond, he continued throwing daggers at him with his eyes. Nathan met his eyes, surprised that this hostile man actually hated him for not protecting Katherine. When did he ever care for her? \"Look, I know you don't like me. And I know I should've been the one to defend her, but why are you so angry? Since when do you care about us dirty westerners?\" Questioned Nathan in shock. \"Weren't you the one trying to get rid of us? Or is this your way of having a reason to hate me again?\" Maybe he was coming off as an asshole, but Nathan was indeed very surprised with Ujio. What was his motive? If it were Nobutada or Katsumoto he'd understand, but Ujio? \"If that's it, then let me tell you to buzz off. Don't use Katherine as a pathetic excuse to hate me even more.\" The tough warrior kept staring at him in rage, Nathan's words stung and really angered him. \"How dare you?\" He said in English at last. \"Who you think you are? You know nothing about me!\" He barked in fury. \"You dirty swine...all you care about is money! You know nothing of loyalty, honor, friendship-\" Nathan cut him off quickly, he too was losing it. \"Very touching!\" He exclaimed sarcastically. \"And I suppose you know all about that. Friendship and...love?\" He suggested mockingly, as Ujio's face mingled with frustration and rage. \"You never cared for Katherine! So stop pretending!\" He yelled loudly. \"You were the one who called her a witch, I still seem to remember that. You treated her like garbage! Fine, I can understand why you don't like me. But Katherine did nothing to you! Stop being a hypothetical prick and stay true to yourself!\" \"Insolent dog!\" Ujio shouted in agitation. \"Know your place! You are forgetting yourself!\" He was this close from slicing Algren into pieces. \"No, you are forgetting yourself!\" Nathan replied recklessly. \"That day when you hurt Katherine with your harsh remarks, I wanted to tell you exactly what I thought of you. But she stopped me. So now, I'm free to express myself.\" He crossed his arms, his nose was dangerously close to Ujio's. \"I think you are a sad miserable man!\" Ujio had never wanted to beat someone so badly like in that moment. He lifted his fist to punch the American dog right then and there, yet something stopped him. Or maybe someone...Katherine would never appreciate or applaud his behavior. He knew he was being weak, but Ujio's flushed and raging eyes abated. Instead of acting like provoked wild panther, he decided to calm himself. It was difficult, but with a deep breath he started. \"Because you care for her so, I will forgive your disgraceful words.\" He spoke composed, and left Nathan even more perplexed than he already was. Please share your thoughts my dear ones! Your support means a lot to me![Chapter 54] Chapter 54 Treason or Reason? \"My lord, Nobutada-sama!\" Katsumoto's son immediately turned his attention towards the eager farmer named Akio, who was desperately making his way to him. Nobutada curiously watched the man in front of him. He hoped that Aiko had some kind of information about Katherine or else, he didn't wish to waste his time with him. He had a far more important thing to do. The man finally squeezed through the large samurai crowd; everyone absolutely everyone, was searching for the lost Western girl. \" My lord, please...I have something to say.\" Akio fell down on his knees and lowered his head all the way to the ground. Few samurai interfere and tried to take him away. \" We don't have time for you! Be gone!\" \"Wait!\" Nobutada exclaimed quickly. \" Let him finish.\" Something told him that this man needed to be heard. What if he had a valuable information? The samurai obeyed his order and released the humble farmer. \"What is it that you have to tell me?\" The young leader of the village asked, as Akio bowed in respect again. \" We cannot waste time. Speak up!\" \"My lord,\" the man started modestly. \" I heard that you are looking for a young gaijin woman. And though, I do not know where she is at this moment, I believe my wife was the last one to see her. Will you allow her to speak with you?\" Akio, after finishing his speech, bowed yet again. Without a second thought, Nobutada immediately agreed to see the wife of the farmer. In few minutes, the woman appeared before them, she was heavily pregnant. Just like her husband, the wife bowed to the ground in respect and didn't dare to look the young warrior in the eyes. Politely and respectfully, she began to speak. \" When we were unexpectedly attacked, I lost the sight of my husband in the chaos, and because of panic around me, I stumbled and fell to the ground only to be approached by one of the assassins who tried to strike me with a katana. In that very moment, my life and the life of the child in my womb was saved by the foreign girl with pretty eyes. She bravely challenged the warrior, she was holding a samurai sword. I was left alone and I ran to safety. What became of the girl, I do not know. I hope she is alright.\" The woman lowered her head once more after she finished explaining the situation. Nobutada's eyes widened in shock, his heart was racing. That was a horrible news! Katherine was no fighter, surely she would lose the combat with the shinobi warriors, who were trained killers. He didn't know what to say anymore, suddenly everything looked and seemed pointless. What if she was dead? He hated and feared that idea, but to his dismay, the hope was slowly fading. Nathan was small distance away from Nobutada and his group, he was still very angry with Ujio however, finding Katherine was still his number one priority. This nerve-wrecking situation got the best of him and he had snapped. He knew that the disagreement he had with the proud warrior was just childish and silly. But he couldn't stand Ujio's judgemental attitude towards him anymore! He knew he had messed up at protecting Katherine, he didn't need Ujio to constantly remind him that! His thoughts were stopped when he realized that something important had happened. He noticed how Nobutada started pacing back and forth frustrated, as if everything was hopeless. He also spotted the farmer and his pregnant wife. Swiftly and rapidly he ran towards them. \"What's going on?\" He asked Katsumoto's son, who looked like he was about to lose his mind. \"What's happening?\" Nathan questioned frantically, everyone stood in silence. \"She fight with shinobi!\" Nobutada exclaimed at last in dismay. Nathan stared at him dumbfounded. \"What?\" \"Kitty fight with samurai sword! With shinobi warriors!\" Upon hearing these terrifying words, Nathan instantly grew pale as he pictured poor helpless Katherine lying somewhere, killed by the ruthless warriors. Meanwhile, Ujio was with Katsumoto, the two of them were with the other group of samurai, walking through the dead bodies of the assassins and samurai warriors. Ujio anxiously scanned the area around him, dreading the idea of finding Katherine amongst them. He prayed that she were safe somewhere! She had to be alive! HAD to! At the same time, he was pissed of at the American, who had managed to get on his very last and final nerve! He fumed in silence, but Katsumoto was quick to notice his friend and best warrior's state of mind. Surely, he did not care about the girl that much to completely go insane? Katsumoto wondered at this quietly, and finally he said. \" Ujio-san, your anguish surprises me greatly. I always thought that you despised the two Westerners and yet here you are, looking like you've lost someone you loved and cared for dearly.\" Katsumoto's words made the occupied warrior stare at him in the eyes. He looked at the warlord with stoic countenance and then shifted his eyes back at the theatrical platform, that was now covered in blood. Katsumoto merely smiled at the samurai's behavior. \" You have come to care for her.\" He stated in a soft manner. Ujio met his gaze again and cleared his throat. \" She is your guest, my lord.\" The leader of the samurai nodded in understanding, part of him did not entirely believe Ujio, but he dropped the subject for a while. \" You are right. However, do not forget that the American soldier is also my guest.\" Ujio was not pleased when he heard Katsumoto's logical argument. That American filth irritated him highly! He was slowly starting to like him, but after Nathan's unforgivable and disrespectful words, Ujio had changed his mind completely. \" He does not deserve to be respected and appreciated. He is unworthy of kindness!\" \"You are way too harsh on him.\" Katsumoto replied calmly. \" Disappearance of the young girl has got us all on edge without doubt, but do not let that small argument with him get the very best of you.\" He continued intelligently, as the proud warrior listened in silence, wondering how Katsumoto knew about the fiery disagreement. \" He cares about the girl. It's not his fault that she got lost in the crowd. You might not believe this Ujio, but the American you dislike so much, fought very bravely by my side. If it weren't for him, I would surely be assassinated. He saved my life.\" The warlord gazed up at the stars. \" I knew there was a reason why he and the girl were amongst us. As the time passes, I understand it more and more. Therefore, I thoroughly believe that Kitty is not gone. She is alive and she'll be back.\" Ujio listened in utter awe and amazement. Katsumoto was making him see things through his eyes, and slowly he was realizing just how right the wise leader had been all along. He looked at him in astonishment. \" My lord, how did you know about the argument?\" \"I am not blind and neither am I deaf.\" Katsumoto answered with a smile and Ujio couldn't help but smile as well. Their attention was caught by Nakao, who quickly ran to them, clearly he had some sort of news. \" My lord, two of the shinobi warriors are still alive. One of the blacksmiths told us that he had seen them capturing our horses. They're running away.\" He finished, slightly out of breath. \"Do not let them escape! They must not leave the village alive.\" Katsumoto answered almost immediately. Ujio nodded at him instantly and was about to ride after them, when Nakao spoke up again. \" Yoshida and Koura are chasing them. Rest assured, we'll catch those snakes. Please, continue searching for the girl. She is a priority.\" Nakao bowed slightly, and Ujio looked back at Katsumoto questionably, waiting for his command. \" Nakao is right. Let them deal with the situation, Ujio. We must not waste time and keep looking for Kitty. Nakao, you go and aid them, just in case they'll need your help in catching those dishonorable men.\" Katsumoto responded thoughtfully. Ujio nodded respectfully and Nakao ran back and mounted his horse, followed by couple of other warriors. Without further thought, they rode as swiftly as possible. \"Such a disgrace! I cannot believe the rats are still alive!\" Ujio spat angrily. \" They won't be able to escape.\" Katsumoto assured calmly. The two men were again interrupted, but this time it was Nobutada followed by the other group of samurai and Nathan. They were going to tell them the devastating story they had heard from the farmer's wife. Horseback riding was always an enjoyable sport for Katherine. She was an accomplished equestrian! She could do it all! Bareback, side saddle, astride, jumping. It was a necessary thing to know, and Katherine always loved her horses. She remembered the first pony she got from her father on her 10th birthday. It was the best day in her entire life! Her father always supported her and wanted her to never depend on horse drawn carriages...riding was very important. To her proper aunt's and governess' dismay, Katherine always recklessly rode her pony across the English country sides and didn't behave like a well-bred young girl. But she never cared what her over-bearing aunt thought of her, number one thing was that her own daddy supported her always. So you could say that horseback riding was as easy as pie to her, however, right now, Katherine felt very uncomfortable. She never thought that she'd hate riding so much as in that moment. On the back of the brown horse, Katherine clutched the dark clothed warrior, who was the one using the reins. Her seat wasn't even there. She couldn't feel the saddle, and the kimono she wore, wasn't helping either. Katherine thought that sooner or later she'd fall from the horse. The assassins rode so quickly that she believed they were flying. The ride was silent, only the sounds of the hooves were heard. Suddenly, the sounds multiplied in numbers! More pounding of the hooves, more neighing, and snorting. Katherine jerked her head back, only to see two samurai warriors chasing after them. She gasped in shock and utter surprise, in that very moment, the fatal arrows started flying in their direction. She looked at the other black clothed warrior, who jumped up on a horse and with a swift movement, athletically changed his position. His back was now turned towards the horse's head and he himself was facing the animal's rear. Immediately, the shinobi warrior started throwing his own lethal weapons at the samurai. The two samurai were soon joined by others who were following them eagerly, now there were five of them. The two assassins had no longer the upper hand, they would surely lose. The element of surprise with which they had attacked the village earlier was now long gone. They had failed in their mission! They even almost murdered Katherine, until suddenly one of them recognised and noticed that she was different in appearance...and maybe she was the daughter of Mr. Graham. Now this mission was also coming to an end miserably. Katherine grabbed tightly on the assassin's clothes, and the other one was instantly and unexpectedly pierced by an arrow. She whimpered in shock as the man tumbled down from the horse and fell lifeless to the ground. The shinobi who was riding the same horse with Katherine, realized that it was done and all hope of escaping was gone...at least not while the girl hang on to him. Vigorously, he pushed Katherine from the horse and sent her flying to the hard ground. The girl screamed in panic as she landed on the dirt! This didn't seem to save the ruthless man either, just as swiftly as the first time, the arrow immediately struck him in the neck! He fell from the horse as well and died immediately. Yoshida and Koura were the ones who had fired the fatal arrows! They smirked in satisfaction and dismounted their animals, going up close to inspect if the shady warriors were indeed dead. Other three samurai galloped after the two horses without riders who bolted in fright. Katherine slowly started to come around. She had fallen so many times that day, her head was hurting like crazy. She wondered how on earth she was still awake and conscious! She groaned in pain and tried to sit up however, before she'd realize what was happening, Yoshida seized her by the arm in a rough manner and threw her in the middle. \" You cunning witch! What were you doing with the assassins? Did you betray us?\" He barked at her without pity, he never trusted women especially, foreign women. \" Yoshida-san, before you make any accusations, let's ask her. What if she was being abducted?\" Koura asked thoughtfully and gazed down at Katherine. The girl was shaking, her head was hurting, her lip was split in half, her nose was bleeding, her dress was ripped and dirty. She looked absolutely pitiful. \" Well, answer us!\" Yoshida exclaimed at her roughly. \" Were you captured?\" \"No.\" Katherine managed in quiet tone. \" Why, this is treason! How dare you!\" Shouted he in agitation. Soon afterwards, Nakao caught up to them as he rode quickly. He was satisfied upon noticing that the assassins were dead and the captured horses had been caught. But what surprised him was seeing Katherine there amongst them. \" You found her? You found the girl?\" Nakao asked in triumph, as he met Yoshida's raging eyes. He grabbed Katherine and yelled loudly. \" This unworthy woman betrayed us! She was escaping with the shinobi!\" Nakao's eyes widened as he looked at Katherine. \" Is this true?\" But before Kitty could speak up, Koura threw in. \" She confessed it herself! We must take her back to the village!\" Tears started to leak Katherine's turquoise eyes. She looked around frantically, hoping to catch a glimpse of the men she cared about and trusted the most. They weren't there. She was alone with these agitated warriors. Her head was spinning, she was feeling sick and the situation she found herself in made her want to cry her eyes out. They had misunderstood her intentions and she didn't even have a heart to explain. She was weak and exhausted...and completely and utterly lost. Without further thought, she was picked up and helped up onto a horse, the other samurai joined as well. Her eyes were barely open, and the animals started to move, probably back to the village. In a sudden flash, Katherine found herself back in the Samurai Village, before she could glance around the area, she was roughly yanked down from the horse and forcefully thrown into Katsumoto's feet. She gasped and whimpered in pain, as everyone pushed in the circle to see what was going on. The young woman looked up, only to meet the samurai leader's surprised expression. Next to him stood Ujio, his emotions were hard to detect, he appeared solemn and stoic. On Katsumoto's right side was Nobutada, he had a relived and at the same time a shocked countenance. Nathan however, became enraged. He instantly rushed to Katherine, sank to his knees and grabbed her close in a defensive manner. Next, he turned and started shouting at the samurai, who threw Katherine so strenuously. \"What the hell are you doing? Is that how you treat a lady?!\" He yelled in English. \" This woman is a treacherous snake!\" Exclaimed Yoshida bitterly, pointing at the girl before him. \" She betrayed us!\" A gasp of puzzlement came from everyone except Katsumoto and Nobutada. Nathan understood a little, and he stared at Katherine in confusion. Ujio however, immediately fired up at his harsh words and his temper burst at the man. \" Yoshida-san! Bite your tongue! Or I'll personally see to your punishment!\" \"He speaks truly, Ujio.\" Nakao cut in calmly and Yoshida continued his raging speech. \"The backstabbing witch was escaping with the assassins and didn't even have the decency to hide that fact!\" \"High treason!\" Shouted one of the samurai in disgust. \" No please, I did this for my father.\" Katherine shook her head, trying hard to explain the very difficult situation. \" Ultimate dishonor!\" Cried out Yoshida, making his point clear and unmistakable. \" I can explain!\" Exclaimed Katherine in panic, as Nathan suddenly started to realize what everyone was talking about. He looked at Katherine in disbelief. \" Hold your tongue in the presence of the samurai, you unworthy, disgraceful woman!\" Yoshida hissed at her irritated. Despite the horrible accusations they were hearing, Nobutada found it very hard to not come to Katherine's rescue. He turned his head away from the scene and clenched his fists. He wasn't sure just how much longer he would be able to hold it together. After all, since his father the warlord was present, everyone even Nobutada had to wait for him to speak up first. Ujio could not believe his fellow samurai anymore! Yoshida's smug attitude was making him work hard not to pull back his fist and slam it into the annoying warrior's face. How dare he blame the poor girl such terrible things!? But just like Nobutada, he too had to await for Katsumoto's response. Nathan on the other hand, was not and did not give any crap about Japanese traditions. He flew up in full rage and seized Yoshida by his clothes. \"You dirty son of a bitch!\" He shouted, before anything far more unpleasant would occur, Katsumoto announced in a thundering and demanding tone. \" Silence!\" He raised his hand, freezing everyone in the process. Nathan backed away from the samurai, and slowly knelt down beside Katherine again. Katsumoto looked at his men, who were all silent now. Nobutada sighed in relief, at last justice would be served. Ujio too was relieved upon realizing that his lord had taken over the chaotic situation. Katsumoto's eyes were stern and cold towards his men, he gently lowered them afterwards and warmly gazed at Katherine. \"Kitty, please explain everything to me.\" A hope of being actually heard and understood returned to the young woman. She took a deep breath and started to speak. \" I am not going to lie.\" Katherine started and paused a bit. \" I did indeed follow the escaping assassins by my own free will.\" That was the moment where tables turned! Katsumoto shut his eyes upon this revelation, disappointment and sadness evident on his entire reflection. Nobutada's eyes almost popped out of its shells. What did she just admit? His heart was suddenly shattered into million pieces. Nathan hoped to the Highest Heaven that his Japanese sucked so bad that he misheard the girl completely. Ujio lowered his head in shame and disbelief. So Yoshida was right? He couldn't be more hurt like he was in that very moment. Katherine noticed the disappointed faces of the men who actually were on her side few seconds ago. Nevertheless, she continued her recital. \" I know it's hard for you to understand, but I had to do this for my father. Those men were sent by him in order to rescue me. Please, try to understand.\" \"Are you telling me that the backstabbing warriors, who wanted to assassinate me were sent by your father?\" Katsumoto questioned stunned. \"No, those men were acting upon Omura's command.\" Katherine threw in immediately. \" But the two particular assassins, whom you've already killed were secretly paid by my desperate father in hopes of saving me.\" Nobutada's young blood started to boil in anguish and humiliation! Katherine was abandoning them without explaining anything...she was running away with the very men who almost killed his own father. How could she? The nerve! \" You turned us into fools! Complete and utter fools!\" Nobutada exclaimed, his pride was hurting and most importantly, his heart was shattered. Katherine met the young warrior's cold glare. She had never seen him so angry! She did not know if Nobutada, the sweet-natured, warm-hearted Nobutada was capable of such fury. \" Here we were searching for you, thinking that you were dead...dreading that very idea. And you in the meantime, shamelessly escaped with those dishonorable men! Not even bothering to say 'goodbye'. How could you?!\" Nobutada was absolutely furious, without waiting for his father or anyone for that matter, he stormed out on them. Tears began to leak Katherine's eyes again as she gazed after the figure of the young samurai. Katsumoto finally looked up at the young woman, kneeling before him. \" To be honest, I expected a lot better from a smart girl like you, Kitty.\" He spoke calmly, despite the negative atmosphere. \" Those backstabbing, poor excuses for Japanese are the most unworthy and cunning individuals. They are hiding in the shadows and only attack their opponents when they aren't aware of the threat. How could you trust such disgraceful men?\" Katsumoto spoke in sheer disappointment. Afterwards, he looked at his warriors and the people that surrounded them. \" We all had a long and very eventful day. Let's retire in our own houses and rest.\" He announced shortly, and everyone bowed down in respect and slowly started to drift away, each of them headed to their own home, including Katsumoto who left as well. The only two people who stayed behind with Katherine were Nathan and Ujio. The two of them were still staring at her in utter shock. Tears were casually rolling down her cheeks, as Katherine realized just how horribly she messed up everything. She glanced up and met Ujio's eyes on her. Slowly, she rose to her feet and walked bit closer to him. Maybe she could make him understand. \" Ujio, please, hear me out.\" \"I've heard enough!\" The tough warrior snapped at last, he too feeling very hurt and betrayed with her reckless behavior. \" Spare me your words, they mean nothing...absolutely nothing to me!\" He felt so stupid for actually believing that Katherine was innocent. She had gone off with those treacherous people! He felt as if someone stabbed a knife in his back. It was time to drop his weakness and forget about her once and for all. Just because she was beautiful, soft, alluring and intriguing did not mean that she was trustworthy. Without further thought, Ujio left her presence. Katherine lowered her head and started to sob quietly. She was losing everyone she cared about. She glanced at her friend Nathan, who silently approached her and began to talk. \"Kitty, please tell me that because of my horrible Japanese I heard that you were running away with the assassins. Please tell me it's not true! Tell me, you weren't foolish enough to believe those murderers!\" Nathan's desperate words made the girl to look him in the eyes. \"Katherine, please...I need to hear that you didn't mess up so badly. Tell me, you didn't run away with the very men who were ruthless enough to kill children! \" \"Nathan, you don't understand, do you?\" Katherine blinked with a heavy heart. \"My number one priority is my father!\" She burst, unable to control her emotions. \"How could you believe those treasonous bastards? How? What if they were lying? Why would you risk it? WHAT THE HELL WERE YOU THINKING!?\" With each sentence Nathan shook the girl before him, until he finally couldn't contain his frustration and shouted in rage. Katherine sank to her knees again and continued to sob. She didn't know what to do anymore. Everyone hated her! Absolutely everyone! Even the man she mostly trusted and depended on. After a small pause, Nathan started calmly. \"I've always been on your side...but now, I can't help but agree with the samurai.\" Upon saying this, he turned and silently walked away from her. Katherine kept crying, wishing she were killed by the assassins in the first place. So that she wouldn't have to deal with this horrible situation. She was all alone. Even Nathan had left her side. No one supported her anymore. With a loud sob, Kitty buried her face in her hands. Unaware to her however, two young women were watching her from the distance. Soon they rapidly made their way towards her and Katherine snapped her head, only to meet Taka's caring eyes. Next to Taka stood the same pregnant woman she had saved during the attack. \"Do not listen to them. You did not betray anyone.\" The woman spoke to her sweetly, coming up close and kneeling right beside her. \" I am so glad you are safe. \" She smiled at Katherine, who had a surprised expression. \" I owe you everything. You have saved me and my child.\" She took Katherine's hand and placed it on her pregnant belly. \" Thank you.\" She whispered, as Katherine noticed that the baby suddenly moved in the womb. She smiled back at the grateful woman, who bowed to her in respect and after excusing herself walked back to her house. Afterwards, Taka neared her and helped Katherine up on her feet. \" They will come around.\" She said softly, referring to the angered men. \" Do not worry. Your only mistake was loving your father too much. And there is no shame in that. You've done nothing wrong. You have earned my utmost respect, Kitty.\" Taka admitted, her gentle voice calming the poor girl at last, as their eyes met. Katherine was ever so happy to have someone like Taka in such a dire time. Together, arm in arm, Taka led the exhausted girl back to her place.[Chapter 55] Note: So, I don't usually start off my chapters like this. I often prefer to leave my notes after the chapter has ended. However, it's gonna be different today as I have few things I need to address. Firstly and most importantly, I want to thank those who've been following this story since day one and keep leaving encouraging reviews. You know who you are. XOXO I can't tell you enough just how much I appreciate the support. I started this story so unsurely...I didn't even know if anyone would be interested. So THANK YOU very much for all the kind and wonderful reviews. I love reading your thoughts and inputs on this story and characters. So please, do not shy away from sharing your personal opinions. The more the better. They motivate me! That being said, I wholeheartedly welcome positive and educational criticisms. I respect everyone's opinion. However, one particular 'guest' reviewer got it all wrong. You are allowed to dislike Katherine. It's your opinion. I try to make her and all of the characters as realistic as possible. They're flawed, they're humans and they make mistakes. Katherine is far from perfect. She started off as a spoiled, little judgemental, ignorant and sharp tongued English girl. This is her journey and her personal growth as a character. So of course, I won't make her perfect and flawless. In fact, all of the characters have their own fair share of mistakes. But I have a one tiny problem with your review...despite how flawed Katherine may be, she is not selfish! She is anything but that. From the first chapter, she does everything for her father and loved ones. So calling her a little bitch and selfish is really offensive to me. Because selfish is the one thing she actually is not! Her number one good trait is her selflessness. I make that clear from the very beginning of this story. I hate to be posting this here, but I just needed to get this off my chest. Anyway, sorry to all the other readers and now let's get back to the story. Chapter 55 Idyll's End The sun was not yet out in the clear sky, it was still an early dawn, when Taka awoke from her peaceful sleep. And no matter how hard she tried to close her eyes again, she just couldn't bring herself to sleep. Something unnerved her...or maybe it was someone. For the first time, Taka realized just how afraid she was. And the most perplexing part of all, was that she was frightened of her own self, her own feelings towards the man, who should've been just a brutal killer to her. Yet here she was, having dishonorable and disgraceful thoughts about the very man who had murdered her husband. She shivered slightly, feeling embarrassed. Was she shaming her household and Hirotaro by this impure infatuation? Of course, she was. But at the same time, Taka knew that the American who was slowly and swiftly conquering her heart, was a good man. It was a well-known fact for a while now. Especially, when she thought back on last night's horrifying events...the shinobi warriors were going to kill her son if it weren't for Algren-san, who bravely defeated the ruthless assassins. She had seen him fighting fiercely by her brother's side just like Hirotaro used to. Okay, she was going too far with this! Taka huffed a bit and quickly stood up, wrapping a robe over herself and exited the room. She desperately needed to get some fresh air. It was absolutely mandatory for her. She gently peeked out of the house and walked out on the porch. It was then Taka noticed a figure standing tall and proud, gazing at the beginning twilight...the soft lightness of the sun was scattered around the sky. The morning was chilly and the fresh breeze was in the air. Nobutada's attention was caught by his aunt, who quietly joined him outside. She was actually surprised to see him wide awake. And so was Nobutada. \" Good morning.\" Taka greeted softly, realizing that she wasn't the only one having trouble sleeping. \" Morning.\" Nobutada smiled, his eyes betraying him; the confusion was evident. \" It's not even sunrise. Why did you rise so early?\" Taka pursed her lips for a second before responding. \" I needed to get some fresh air. And apparently, so did you.\" She eyed her nephew curiously. Something was up with him as well. Ever since he was a young child, around 10 years of age; Nobutada would sneak out, either at dawn or dusk and would reflect about stuff that really bothered him. Taka was used to it. She was newly married at the time, about 20 years old, and upon noticing the little boy so quiet and saddened, she allowed him to express himself and really listened to what ached him so. Nobutada's mother died by bringing him to the world; the little boy only had his very busy father by his side. And truth be told, Katsumoto was never really around that time. He was just stepping into the role of the leader and couldn't pay too much attention to his son. So Taka was always there for Nobutada whenever he needed someone to talk to. In a way, this was a habit. Taka smiled remembering all those memories. She wondered what was it that woke Nobutada so early in the morning. Everyone should have been asleep at such an hour. After all, last night was very long and eventful. \" Why aren't you asleep?\" She inquired gently. \" You must've been exhausted after yesterday's occurrences.\" \"The same could be said about you \" Nobutada stated simply and took a deep breath. The sun was already slowly rising on the horizon. Taka paused for a minute or two, standing right next to her nephew. Both of them were silently taking in the gorgeous scenery in front of them. It was a magical sight and although, they had seen it many times, it was always as if for the very first time. Suddenly, it hit Taka. Maybe she knew the reason her nephew was feeling so... sad? Well, truthfully, he didn't look sad, just disturbed. \" Nobutada,\" She started softly. \" You know that she didn't have a choice. She is loyal to her father.\" She, as in Katherine. Taka knew that Nobutada got her and understood her words too well. He looked away, slightly irritated at the new, but unavoidable topic. Honestly, he knew that he was being too harsh on Katherine. But his feelings, emotions, the worry for Kitty's safety got the very best of him. When she openly admitted that she was leaving by her own free will with the ruthless, unworthy assassins, his heart cracked into two pieces. Maybe it was wrong for him to feel this way. But at that moment, Nobutada could no longer control himself and he burst. \" She was abandoning us. That was a betrayal.\" He spoke up, still hurt with Katherine's actions. Taka had a sudden urge to roll her eyes, however instead, she settled for a slight smirk. \" You know it's not true. Do not make a fool out of yourself with such cruel words. You are hurt and you are acting out...Nobutada, this is not you.\" Taka gazed into his eyes intently. Her nephew was always kind, selfless, just and honorable. \" Kitty is loyal to her father, just like you are to my brother. He is her number one priority.\" That was it ! That's what bothered him so much. When it came down to her father and her fancy old life, ultimately, Katherine would always choose that over Nobutada and the village. It was heartbreaking for him. But true. Taka noticed her nephew's change of expressions and something told her that he needed another nudge. \" If it were you, you would definitely choose honor and bushido. Because that is what you prioritize. In a way, you and Kitty both put your fathers as a top priority.\" She had a point! More than a point. His aunt was absolutely right! Clearly, Nobutada would always choose his duty to father. But then again, it wasn't like Katsumoto disapproved of Katherine. So he was never in a position where he had to choose between Samurai law and the woman he came to love. That made Nobutada wonder if he was ever forced to make a choice, what would be his pick. He shut his eyes upon the revelation. Of course, his own father! He would stand by the samurai warriors and Katsumoto till the very end. \" Alright, aunt.\" Nobutada took a deep breath. \" You win. I shall apologize to Kitty for my rudeness and insensitivity.\" He gazed at her directly with the sense of determination, and Taka couldn't help but smile proudly at the young man before her. That's the Nobutada she knew and loved! It was in that moment, the sun rose to horizon, shinning brightly around the village. It was officially morning. A very beautiful morning at that. Katherine's pretty eyes, that now had the shade of green color to them, fluttered open. She sighed softly upon realizing that it was morning. The bright sun was peeking into her window, her dark hair caught the glow and lit up magically. She looked beautiful. A few women could look like that at such an hour especially, after the terrible events she had been through the day before. However, a small sensation of pain still hit her on the back of her head. Katherine frowned as she looked around the empty room. It was a new day. Nevertheless, her heart couldn't help but sink in sadness every time she remembered how Nathan, Nobutada, Ujio and Katsumoto were quick to forsake her. She had such faith in them. She wholeheartedly believed that those men cared about her and wouldn't let any harm come to her. Yet, they had turned their backs on her without second thought. Without any consideration! How could they be so ignorant? So heartless and cruel?! A small tear rolled down her cheek as she thought back to their behavior. Men! They're all the same! It didn't matter if they were Japanese samurai or accomplished American veteran war heroes. They were apparently all the same! Her train of thought was interrupted, when suddenly, she spotted something very familiar in place of her kimono. Her Japanese attire was no longer in sight...it was gone and replaced by her Western undergarments that she wore under her dress. Her white chemise, bloomers and even her corset were right before her. Clean and knit as the first time she had wore them. Katherine gasped in awe in realization. It was time. Her departure from the Samurai Village was quickly approaching. The shoji screen door slid open and Taka entered, looking tall and stunning as always. Her hair was pulled up nicely in a beautiful Japanese fashion. She was clothed in a dark red kimono that to Katherine, looked bit more brown. She was holding Katherine's turquoise colored dress that she had worn during battle against samurai. It was so much cleaner than Kitty had remembered. The places that were ripped had been patched up, the tiny dark patterns of spots were visible now that the dirt had been washed away. Pretty white ends of the sleeves and collar around it looked good as new. \" Am I to wear that?\" Katherine asked at last, surprised and confused at the same time. Taka gently handed the dress to her and forced a smile on her face. \" Well, you wouldn't want to stand out from your society with a Japanese attire.\" The time was approaching, both Kitty and the American would be departing from the village very soon. It was rather strange...but Taka was actually hurt with this. She didn't want to see them go. Not yet. As odd as it sounded, it was just too unbearable for her. Katherine responded with a weak smile as well. Why was it so painful and difficult to leave this place? \" Thank you for everything \" She managed to say somewhat composed, but her eyes were swelling up with tears. \" If you'll need any help with that,\" Taka started, suppressing her urge to cry her eyes out. \" let me know, alright?\" Katherine nodded silently, as she watched the kind woman before her turning towards the door. \" Taka,\" She called her immediately. The graceful Japanese woman stopped and looked back at Katherine questionably. \" I shall never forget your generosity and kind heart.\" Kitty spoke up with a bright beam, her eyes sparkling beautifully. Taka was very touched with Katherine's warm words. Her people weren't always eager to show their true emotions at situations like these. They were taught to be composed and conceal their feelings at all times. Hence why most of them were surprised with Katherine and Nathan's open personalities. Cultural differences were too big in that aspect. However, Taka was happy and glad to have met both Kitty and Algren. She figured that all of them had learned a lot from one another. Looks like, her brother had been right when he decided to spare the two westerners and get to know them. \" I am honored that you were my guest.\" She returned with a bow. Nathan Algren had awaken with the sun; without any hesitation, he rose as quickly as possible, dressed himself in the Japanese hakama that he'd been wearing for the past six months - and strangely found it very comfortable. Something deep down told him that this was it. The fierce American was determined to speak with Katsumoto, he knew that his time in the village was running out. He needed to figure things out once and for all. Maybe now the samurai warlord would have a clear answer about why he had decided to keep both Nathan and Katherine alive. Why were they all bound together like this? Why did the leader's son, Nobutada fell for the charms of the foreign woman? Why did Nathan fight next to Katsumoto and saved him from the attack, the same way he fought and protected his own comrades? Why was Ujio so hurt and concerned upon finding out about Katherine's disappearance? And why on earth did Nathan himself, become so captivated with the widow of the very man he had killed in the battlefield? Like it or not, they all had somehow trapped themselves into a mess of tangled webb and there was absolutely no way to get out of it. Nathan was beginning to question his own actions, his own feelings and... heart. It was so damn frustrating! Nathan entered Katsumoto's compound, his eyes suddenly fixed on the cherry blossoms that had emerged so beautifully, creating a scene of intense magnificence, color and serenity. He walked calmly towards the graveyard, scanning and searching intently for Katsumoto but instead, he found himself mesmerized with floating cherry blossoms in the air. Nathan stared in awe... Such beauty, such atmosphere. \"A perfect blossoms is a rare thing...\" Algren, upon hearing the familiar voice turned, Katsumoto set zazen-style meditating right across from him. \"You could spend your whole life searching for one. And it would not be a wasted life.\" The leader finished with a faint smile appearing on his face, as his eyes met Algren's. Clearing his throat, Nathan got down to business. He had no time to be sentimental, at least not with Katsumoto and not in that particular moment. \"Who sent those men to kill you?\" \"I'm writing a poem about a dream I had.\" Katsumoto dodged his question simply. \" 'The tiger's eyes are like my own, but he comes across from a deep and troubled see.' \" \"Was it the Emperor? Omura?\" Nathan insisted firmly, he seriously did not wish to engage in the riddle games with Katsumoto. Upon hearing the American's words, the leader faced him and stood up with grace and dignity. \"If Emperor wishes my death, he has but to ask.\" \"So it was Omura.\" Nathan concluded knowingly, remembering that Katherine had said the exact same thing last night. Katsumoto glanced away and after a little pause, continued to speak calmly. \"I am having trouble finishing the poem. Can you suggest a last line?\" He turned back to Algren again. \"I'm not a writer.\" Nathan responded flatly, hoping that with this response, Katsumoto would drop the subject, and cooperate by answering all of his questions, concerning the things that bothered him for so long. Well, Nathan was about to be disappointed. \"Yet you have written many pages since you came here.\" American military officer was taken aback with the samurai's words. He froze in surprise and stared at Katsumoto intently. \"H-how did you know that?\" There came no reply from the intelligent warlord. How could he know? Who told him? Katherine wouldn't...would she? Who else was there? And suddenly, it hit him. Taka. \"Your sister told you?\" Nathan asked in realization. Katsumoto watched him in silence however, his facial expressions gave him away. Yes, indeed it was Taka. And Nathan knew it. Hmmm...so, she had been keeping an eye on him ever so closely? wondered Nathan in surprise. \"What else has she told you?\" \"...that you have nightmares.\" Katsumoto answered with a soothing voice. \"Every soldier has nightmares.\" Nathan retorted in self-defense. \"Only one who is ashamed of what he has done.\" Katsumoto said very cleverly. \"You have no idea what I have done.\" Katsumoto smiled ruefully, he out of all people, had at least some idea. He turned his attention to one of his guards standing close by and ordered something in Japanese, who in turn, bowed and quickly ran to execute his wishes. Afterwards, the leader of the samurai looked back at Nathan. \"You have seen many things.\" \"I have.\" Agreed Nathan quietly. \"And you do not fear death, but sometimes wish for it. Is it not so?\" Perplexed American did not answer right away. Katsumoto had intuited a dark truth from his past. \"Yes.\" He said at last in a low tone. \"I, also. It happens to men who have seen what we have seen.\" He explained in a calm voice, gazing around the magical scenery before him. \"Then I come back to this place of my ancestors. And I remember...like these blossoms, we are all dying.\" Algren listened silently, Katsumoto's words somehow touching the deepest chords of his heart. \"To know life in every breath. Every cup of tea. Every life we take. That is the way of the warrior.\" Katsumoto told him and fixed his eyes on the American. \"Life in every breath \" Whispered stunned Nathan. \"That is Bushido.\" Confirmed Katsumoto with a smile. There was a sudden understanding and realization of the growing friendship between them that had slowly progressed over the months. After few minutes of silence, the leader spoke up again, this time with his usual cool demeanor. \"The Emperor has granted a safe passage to Tokyo. We leave tomorrow.\" Algren tried hard not to show how deeply effected he was with this news. \"Good.\" \"Good.\" Katsumoto too couldn't reveal his disappointment. Just then, the guard the leader of the warriors had sent earlier, returned swiftly carrying something. He approached them and with a respectful bow, handed Katsumoto a buckskin bag that contained Algren's journals. The American's eyes widened in shock. He hadn't lost them! Katsumoto was keeping his journals all this time. When the servant left, the wise warlord faced Algren again and returned him his belongings. \"When I took these, you were my enemy.\" Katsumoto stated and bowed before leaving his presence. Algren gazed after his retreating figure with mingled emotions. He didn't know what to make of the leader's surprising gesture. But he didn't need to make anything of it! The truth was obvious...they had unwittingly become friends. \"Damn this corset! It was never this unbearable!\" Katherine thought bitterly, muttering few curse words under her breath. She was pacing back and forth in her chamber, hoping that somehow her waist would get back in the strict regime of the corset. It wasn't even that tight! Looks like, wearing kimono for so long dulled her Western senses completely. She used to be so comfortable in this restricted garment; she could sing, dance, run, ride. You name it, she could do it all in the corset. And now?! Katherine couldn't even breathe properly. \" It's alright, it just needs little getting used to.\" She told herself again and again. The door of the room slid open, and Katherine flinched in fright. She wasn't expecting company especially, at an hour like this. Stupid corset! She found herself even more surprised when Nobutada walked in, tall, proud and with his usual warm eyes. His gaze lingered on her for a second or two, studying her appearance. She was in that dress again. It brought back so many memories to him. The first time he had seen her, hiding behind a big oak, all scared but willing to put up a fight. The first time Nobutada had walked in this room, trying to convince her to listen to Taka and put on a kimono. For the first time he had noticed how breathtakingly beautiful she was. All had changed so much now. His feelings however, had grown stronger and Kitty to him, was just as beautiful if not more. And that dress suited her! Katherine's pretty eyes gazed back at him in curiosity, as if questioning his intentions. It was then, Nobutada recalled why he had come to see her in the first place. He took a deep breath and exhaled a bit. \" I want to apologize for my unruly and ignorant behavior yesterday.\" A smile danced around on Katherine's lips as she heard his gentle words. She knew they weren't all bad! She was actually happy that at least one of them had realized his mistake and owned up to it like a real man. But she decided to remain quiet and let Nobutada finish what he had to say. Her silence indicated Katsumoto's son to carry on with his apology. \" I should not have judged you for choosing to be loyal to your father. To the very man who raised you and loved you. It did not matter if you were leaving with the assassins. I am sure your intentions were reasonable. I am sorry for my cruel words.\" Nobutada said with so much remorse in his eyes. Katherine wouldn't have wished for a better apology. It was too much to handle. \" It was the hardest thing I've ever done.\" Katherine admitted quietly, trying to hold back her tears. \" After finding out that my poor father paid those men to save me, I couldn't just ignore it. And everything happened so quickly. Maybe I should have rejected their offer, but-\" \"Kitty, no need to explain anymore. I was wrong to condemn you so quickly.\" Nobutada interrupted, ready to put the past behind him once and for all. \" I did not mean to hurt you, and the others for that matter. I realize that maybe I should have acted more wisely.\" Katherine spoke up, sensing her behavior wasn't exactly what you call clever. \" You did nothing wrong. Your father should be proud to have a daughter like you.\" Katsumoto's son admitted with a caring tone and brushed his fingers on her cheek. \" And you should not apologize.\" Katherine said softly. \" I know I worried you all. It was my fault too.\" \"So can we put this behind us, then?\" Nobutada smiled, raising his eyebrows hopefully. \" I'd love to.\" Katherine grinned in return. Silence fell over them as they gazed in one another's eyes. Nobutada had a sudden urge to kiss her again, but he decided against it. Things would become even more difficult with that and it wouldn't help either. She was leaving, she would never come back! As painful as it was, he needed to let her go. \" My father informed me that the Emperor has granted us safe passage to Tokyo.\" He started speaking, trying to sound composed and indifferent. \" We leave in the morning.\" Katherine did not know how to react to this news. She knew that her time in the village was ending... she had learned to deal with it weeks ago. However, it was still hard and difficult to walk away from this place once and for all. To leave these people once and for all! \"Ugh, it didn't bother you last night when you were escaping!\" Katherine told herself but then again, she was acting on an instinct that time. Everything was rushed and quick. Now, Katherine actually had to say 'goodbye' to the people she had come to love. Leaving this way, was so much harder and bitter. She sighed softly, sadness evident on her pretty countenance. \" I shall never forget you, or your kindness towards me.\" Katherine spoke sweetly, touching Nobutada's heart with her loving words. He was so ready to be collected, self-controlled and cool about all this, even though his insides were hurting. And yet, Katherine had managed to take that away from him in an instant with her charming words. \" Neither will I.\" he said at last, as small tears rolled down Katherine's cheeks. He went up and gently wiped them before saying. \" I will love you forever.\" He admitted. This was the last time he would actually be so close to Kitty, might as well state his feelings. He would've regretted it if he hadn't given her a proper farewell. Katherine gasped at his straightforward announcement. Unable to contain herself much longer, she neared even closer to him and brushed his lips with hers, and kissed him. He was taken aback with her confident action but nevertheless, he kissed her right back, knowing that there was no tomorrow...for them anyway. They embraced fondly afterwards, as Nobutada wrapped his arms around her waist and buried his face in her dark curls. \" I will miss you so much.\" Katherine whispered tearfully and remained in his arms longer than they had both intended. Nathan changed himself back to his military attire and stumbled out of the house. What was this feeling? This haunting pain of leaving the place he had come to love. Never in his life did Nathan ever attach himself to silly things as these...it was just too ridiculous to him. Oh, how things had changed-well, mostly it was he who had changed. He looked down at his uniform and could no longer recognise his old self. He was a very different man when he last wore the proud attire. He was still a drunkard, buried in his own guilt and misery, doing his job only for money. Where did that man go? He had vanished and was replaced by this new version of himself. A better version without doubt! He walked through the village quietly, looking and admiring the liveliness around him for the last time. Would he ever see all this again? Probably not! He was so struck and confused with his emotions that he almost didn't notice how far away from the village he now was. Nathan froze in surprise when he spotted Taka before him. She was in the midst of washing her long raven hair. He watched, unable to rip his eyes away from her beauty. She was only wearing a silken gown, her pale arms were visible for Nathan to admire. His gaze lingered on her for the longest amount of time, before she was suddenly aware of him. Taka turned a little startled, rising to her feet with grace as always. \" Ah, excuse me \" Nathan managed to speak up in Japanese. \" No, so sorry, I was finishing.\" Taka replied in her natural soft tone and dried her midnight dark hair with a towel. Nathan cleared his throat, trying to shake himself from this infatuation. \" I must go away.\" \"Hai,\" Taka confirmed, her eyes avoiding his piercing gaze. She covered her bare arms with the silk robe, grabbed a small basket of her bathing belongings, and made to walk past him. However, Nathan couldn't let her leave...not yet. \"Taka-san\" he called gently. She stopped, slowly facing him directly in the eyes. They were standing very close to each other. \" You've been very kind of me. I will never forget.\" Nathan whispered, his brown eyes never leaving hers. He wished he could somehow show her how he really felt towards her. But it wouldn't be appropriate. He wouldn't want to scare her off like that. Tears threatened to spill from Taka's eyes upon hearing Nathan's words. She forced a small smile on her face, fighting every impulse in her body not to break down. She didn't know what to say and how to say it...especially when it came to him. Nathan noticed in her delicate expression just how much he meant to her as well. She also happened to have deep, and yet very complex feelings for him. Despite all, Taka composed herself in the traditional Japanese fashion and bowed to him in respect, showing that having him as a guest under her roof was an honor to her. Afterwards, she continued to walk away, leaving Nathan pleasantly surprised with her choice of response. No matter what she did, Nathan was beginning to admire her more and more. And although, he didn't wish to admit this at first. Now he was entirely sure...he had fallen in love with her. When the American war hero returned to the house, he noticed Katherine standing on the porch, thoughtfully gazing at the afternoon sun. The inevitable guilt rushed over him as soon as he saw Graham's girl. He hadn't been exactly kind to her in the time of need. In fact, he was downright rude and insensitive. The young woman spotted him too, as he came up close to her with a slight frown. \"Oh, Katherine!\" Nathan exclaimed and pulled her quickly into a hug. \"I'm so sorry for being an ass, yesterday.\" Katherine was shocked. Where they all planning to apologize to her one by one? Was it some kind of a conspiracy? \"Nathan,\" she said softly, as the two of them broke away. \"Let me speak.\" He threw in instantly. \"I shouldn't have been so cold-hearted. You love your father and of course you would choose him. I don't blame you, Kitty.\" Katherine couldn't help but giggle in happiness. \"It's alright, don't worry. I'm glad we're friends again.\" She grinned in delight, and Nathan sighed in relief and grabbed her close to him, hugging her once again. \"I almost lost you, it scared me and I flipped. Forgive me.\" \"I accept your apology.\" Katherine spoke, trying to pull away from his rough grip. \"You really did miss me, hah?\" She teased, making Nathan roll his eyes. \"Don't let it get to your head.\" He joked in a brotherly manner. They both laughed heartily, glad that the mood had brightened up and they had resolved the silly conflict. They had been through so much together, it would've been a pity to end their friendship because of the misunderstanding situation that happened almost a day ago. \"You were right as well, Nathan.\" Katherine admitted coyly. \"I shouldn't have trusted those men so blindly.\" \"It's all in the past now.\" Nathan reminded her with a kind smile. Katherine paused, before her eyes finally fell on the uniform of her dear friend. When was the last time Nathan wore the military attire? Seemed ages ago! \"Look at you, all dressed and ready for tomorrow.\" Katherine sounded light-hearted, but there was small amount of sadness in her voice. \"I could say the same about you.\" Nathan smirked in mischief. \"Isn't that the dress you refused to take off?\" He laughed when he remembered Katherine's stubborn attitude. Katherine sighed softly, her eyes swelling up once more. \"Well, it seems our captivity has come to an end.\" \"Indeed.\" Nathan forced a small smile on his face. They tried to sound cheery despite everything they were feeling in that moment, but it wasn't so easy. Deep down, both of them knew in their hearts that their idyllic life had ended. And it was more painful than they had both expected it to be.[Chapter 56] Chapter 56 Unable To Admit Katherine set under a small tree that was located close-by Taka house, she was shielding herself from the very bright afternoon sun and casually glanced at the diary on her lap. A small smile appeared on her face when she recalled Nathan's words few hours ago. He had told her how strangely Katsumoto kept his journals all this time and then returned it with following sentence. \"When I took these, you were my enemy.\" Indeed, she would never have dreamt that the very people who had captured and frightened her so, would no longer be seen as the monstrous barbarians in her eyes. Kitty sighed softly, her gaze suddenly stopped and lingered on the hilltop far ahead, towards the samurai training fields. She paused, and thoughtfully bit her bottom lip, her mind reflecting on something...or more accurately, someone. She scoffed afterwards with a shake of her head. What was she thinking!? Why would he apologize? He was way too proud! He would never degrade himself by asking her for forgiveness. But he had done something like that once...why couldn't he do it again? Why was it so hard for him to realize his own mistake? I think by now, all can determine that by 'he', Katherine meant the tough samurai warrior, Ujio. She naively hoped that since Nobutada and Nathan decided to own up to their rude outbursts and mistakes, the black armored samurai would do the same thing. Alas! Katherine had been so wrong. She huffed and leaned back into the tree. How long was she planning on waiting? Maybe, it would've been wiser to confront Ujio herself? And it wasn't like she had much time left. By this time tomorrow, she would be gone from this place once and for all. And Katherine was sure that Ujio knew that. Did he really wish to end things like that with her? Without any explanations or mutual understanding? That man was a mystery to her. He was so different, so confusing, and yet at times so fascinating...it puzzled her! With a soft grunt, Katherine set up and exhaled, determination evident on her pretty features. She would find him! And they would have a conversation! And she didn't care how much that might've displeased the proud samurai. Nakao's training was cut short when his fellow warriors started talking roughly amongst each other. The mountain-sized man could not tell what steered their attention so. He looked to investigate and noticed a beautiful figure approaching the practice session, her hair once again down and free, her Western attire once again clinging on her body. He rolled his eyes in irritation and fixed a stern glare on the other warriors, indicating that he would deal with the gaijin female himself. No woman was allowed to stand before the samurai in the training fields, let alone a foreign girl! She had done it once by stepping in recklessly to save the white horse...but what on earth did she want now? Whatever it was, she was shifting the dynamic between the warrior men with her forward gestures. Nakao, resolved in his mind, walked towards the approaching young woman to confidently send her away. He stood right before the gaijin girl and gazed sharply at her. Katherine froze upon seeing the intimidating, tall, and bear-like samurai. She was sure that Nakao, and other men at that, weren't very pleased to see her amongst them. She swallowed awkwardly, realizing that unintentionally, she once again found herself among the very men who didn't wish to be associated with her. Honestly, she couldn't care less about what they thought of her. Katherine was here to see Ujio ...and him only. She scanned the samurai with her bright eyes, trying to spot the one she wanted to speak with. The cold glares she received from the men chilled her blood. \" You are not allowed to be here, woman.\" Nakao stated loudly, making it clear that because she was a woman, she couldn't be there. \" I know, and I will leave immediately...\" Katherine spoke softly, her eyes lowered in respect however, she did not bow, which was very necessary and customary. \" ...after I find Ujio-san. I want to see him.\" Nakao was surprised with her answer nevertheless, he said. \" He hasn't been here today.\" It was actually strange that Ujio was not present at the practices that day at all. But Nakao figured that the man was executing Lord Katsumoto's far more important requests. \" Do you know where I can find him?\" Kitty asked boldly, earning shocked gasps and glances from the other warriors. \" I don't think Ujio-san would approve of discussing his private pass-times with a treasonous witch.\" Yoshida hissed through his teeth, managing to frighten the poor girl with his furious eyes. Nakao fixed him a cold glare and then turned to the young woman once more. \" I do not know where he is. You must leave now.\" Realizing that she made a mistake by appearing in front of these men, Kitty nodded and retreated back, slowly walking away from the training fields. She would find him herself! Katherine wondered away from the village, hoping that somehow and in some way, she'd run into the tough warrior. The truth was, she was not sure if he was deliberately avoiding her...Ujio just didn't strike her as a weak man, hiding from a woman. She rolled her eyes, recalling the cowardly Colonel Bagley. Ugh, no! Ujio was proud and had his own flaws however, he was definitely nothing like that snake of a man. Katherine huffed unsatisfied, she had searched almost the entire village, desperately looking for him. Where could that samurai be? She shuffled her feet, slowly dragging herself towards a beautiful forest pathway. Maybe Ujio was in the temple with Katsumoto? If it were true, Katherine couldn't just go up there and demand to speak with him. He was probably busy in accomplishing his duties. She decided that it would be better to wait till night fall, after Ujio had retired from Katsumoto's presence. She looked up at the blue sky shining brightly, the colorful cherry blossoms encircled her, it was so majestic and beautiful around her. The sun was out and warm now more than ever, giving an illusion of a very hot Summer's day. She fixed her gaze at the ancient Japanese architecture in the distance and smiled sadly. After all, Katherine was seeing this gorgeous scenery for the last time. With a deep and unhappy sigh, Kitty turned back, ready to return towards Taka's house but in that moment, something caught her attention. Water. Soft sounds of flowy springs of water. Oh, that magnificent, paradise! She would really miss those springs and rivers. Unable to resist, Katherine marched straight to where the bathing area was. Taking a nice swim on her last day in this place seemed like a good idea, but all her wishes suddenly and rudely vanished when she noticed that there was someone else in the springs. Her eyes widened in high surprise when she realized that Ujio was there close to the falls. He was wearing a white kimono, partially open and revealing his bare upper body. Katherine couldn't help but smile triumphantly! Well, look at that! Odds were certainly in her favor this time. Silently, Katherine creeped up on him, her eyes sparkling with mischief. What a surprise indeed. Ujio looked like he was in a daze, he stood there frozen, his gaze fixed at the flowing water before him, completely unmoved and untouched. Katherine had really scored big time! He seemed to be utterly unaware of her presence and in such vulnerable position. Talk about payback! Katherine could hardly contain her giggles. She was about to make another move when- \" Haven't you ever heard of privacy?\" Ujio's rough voice caused her heart to stop beating for a second. He had noticed her! The warrior turned around to face the alarmed girl calmly. Did she really think that he was that clueless to not hear someone sneaking up on him? He was a trained samurai for goodness sakes! She needed to give him at least some credit. Katherine was shocked and a little spooked but in no time, her expression resumed back into its usual normal state. She defensively crossed her arms over her bosom, as if it was she with a bare chest. She cleared her throat and spoke up confidently. \" I don't recall you paying any heed to privacy when you were spying on me.\" Her comeback was sharp and clever. Ujio smirked at her words, his eyes falling on her Western attire, memories of their first unpleasant meeting rushed back into his mind. He had changed! He was no longer the same man who had discovered her in the battle. Why did she bewitch him so? \" You must be happy about tomorrow, at last you shall leave the uncivilized barbarians once and for all.\" He said mockingly, his voice bitter and unpleasant Katherine frowned in despair. \" That's not true. If you could just listen and let me explain what happened-\" \"I don't need your explanations!\" Ujio snapped angrily. \" Now leave me in peace\" \"No! You have to hear me out first!\" Katherine insisted stubbornly, marching little closer to him. \" I don't HAVE to do anything you tell me!\" The warrior exclaimed in dissatisfaction. A pretty little pout formed on Kitty's full lips. \" I love my father! I'm loyal to him...is that so hard to understand?\" Ujio was silent, his eyes casually rolling in annoyance. Her excuses were pathetic really. \"You have pledged your sword to Katsumoto...you act upon his word! You are his loyal friend, comrade, right-hand man and samurai. Out of all people, you should understand! I love my father.\" Katherine continued to explain, her voice pleading and honest. Ujio shook his head. \" You were escaping with the assassins! With back-stabbing rats!\" \"So?\" Katherine questioned surprised. \" Yes, I admit that my choice for escorts was not wise...but what else could I do? Everything happened so quickly, I had to see my father. Please, understand that I would never purposely hurt you or anyone else for that matter.\" \"I know how devoted you are to your father.\" Ujio said quietly, unable to resist her desperate words. \" Yet once a woman becomes betrothed, her number one duty is to her soon-to-be husband and no longer to her father.\" Katherine was confused now. \" You are right, but what does that have to do with my situation?\" Ujio looked at her as if he had just heard the most unfunny joke on earth. \" Of course it has everything to do with your situation. What kind of stupid question is that?\" Katherine blinked, unable to comprehend the man before her at all. Why must he speak in riddles? \" I truly don't understand you. Are you saying that I'm betrothed to someone?\" She asked stunned and Ujio growled in irritation. \" And I really don't wish to play this game with you right now. I'm in the middle of something here.\" He said displeased, looking down at his 'almost' state of undress. \"I am not leaving until you explain yourself.\" Katherine announced in resolution. \" So let me get this straight!\" Ujio snapped once more. \" You agreed to marry the son of the samurai warlord- You, a gaijin, captive girl! Then you decided to run away to your father with the very men who attacked us, and now you have nerves to ask me such idiotic questions?\" When Ujio finished his furious speech, Katherine all of a sudden, burst into a hysterical laughter. The man watched her in bewilderment. Was she insane? \" Are you out of your mind?\" The girl asked laughing, she too thinking the exact same thing about Ujio. The tough samurai stared at her with mixed feelings. He was stunned, shocked and simply didn't know what to make of Katherine's odd behavior. \" Care to explain what's so amusing?\" He questioned in frustration. \" When did I ever say that I was marrying Nobutada?\" Katherine said at last, after her nonstop laughter had seized. \" Here! You told me in this very place.\" It was Ujio's turn to be confused and unsure. \" No, I told you here that he proposed to me, however, I never said that I accepted it.\" Katherine corrected in seriousness. Ujio wanted to facepalm himself and just curse his stupid mind! What on earth?! If Kitty's words were true, and he was sure they were...where on earth did he get that foolish idea from? But somehow, it never occurred to him that Katherine would dare to refuse Nobutada. The two of them had grown so close to each other. They seemed so in love. Ujio had been so wrong! So ignorantly wrong! This revelation changed everything. It made the girl's escape to her father understandable now. Ujio was silent, he could not utter a word anymore. He didn't know what to say! He had messed up and proved to be really dull-witted indeed. What a shame! \" So you refused him?\" He finally asked, still very perplexed. \" Yes.\" \"Why?\" For some reason, it seemed unbelievable and absurd for Ujio to deny and reject such an honorable proposition from the leader of the village. Why would she refuse such a thing? Katherine on the other hand, was taken aback with his question in fact, she needed few minutes to think about a sensible answer. \" We are too different from one another.\" She murmured quietly, and Ujio barely managed to hear her. Katherine lowered her eyes, unable to look him in the face. Her justification no longer seemed honest. Why? She couldn't understand. There was definitely more to this. However, Ujio decided to drop that subject for a while and make amends. \" Well, I've been very mistaken for so long and acted like -\" \"An idiot?\" Katherine suggested boldly and the samurai couldn't contain his amused smile. He wasn't really going with that word, but whatever! He nodded, little bit embarrassed. Katherine was pleasantly surprised to see this new and soft side of the proud warrior. It was truly fascinating. \" I should not have judged you so quickly and so wrongly.\" He admitted in remorse, and a grin broke out on Katherine's face. \"Are you asking for forgiveness?\" She said with a teasing glare. Ujio rolled his eyes and with a soft smile nodded. \" I guess I am.\" Katherine returned the smile and grew little bit sober. \" I accept your apology. I want to leave this place with good memories.\" A strange sadness formed into Ujio's eyes upon hearing her words. \" Why do you think you are so different from Nobutada?\" He asked all at once. Katherine reflected about his question for a while before answering. \" I thought I knew once. Now, I am not so sure.\" Ujio moved closer to her, their faces few inches away from one another. His gaze was so intimidating and piercing that Katherine dropped her eyes. \" If circumstances were different, I'd...\" He paused and stopped himself before saying anything that he'd regret later. Besides, she was leaving the very next day. Nothing could happen between them even if he wanted to. He was different, she was different! They belonged in different places. Katherine waited, she lifted her eyes and faced him as if her whole life depended on his proclamation. It did not come. \" You should go.\" Ujio said at last, ripping his gaze from her and turning his attention to the flowing water of springs. Katherine frowned, she was sure that she knew what he was about to say. But what stopped him? Nevertheless, she nodded softly in understanding and started to retreat. Ujio cursed himself under his breath! He would never have an opportunity to speak with her in private again. She was returning to her people! He didn't wish to end things with the charming girl on such terms. Before he'd freeze himself once more, Ujio called out. \" Kitty!\" Katherine stopped and turned to him eagerly. Her heart almost jumping out of her chest. \" I'm glad I've known you.\" Ujio settled on far more appropriate and honest words. His eyes all warm and tender...very unlike his usual stern and stoic demeanor. Tears threatened to spill the young girl's eyes as she gazed at him. If only they were brave enough to admit the truth. Instead of saying anything or breaking down in front of him, Katherine composed herself in the Japanese fashion and for the first time, honored Ujio with a deep and respectful bow. Afterwards, she went on her way, leaving surprised Ujio staring after her for the longest amount of time. Happy Valentine's Day![Chapter 57] Chapter 57 Safe Passage After Katherine left Ujio by the springs, she spent the whole evening in Taka's house alongside Nathan, Higen, and Magojiro; mentally preparing herself that she would never see those two little boys again. The day passed away peacefully, quietly, and before they knew it, the sun had set down completely and the darkness of night once again shadowed over the land. During dinner, everyone remained silent except chubby Magojiro, who bubbled about his fun day few times. But Taka quieted the talkative little boy almost immediately. And then there was utter stillness. It hadn't been that quiet for months now. The mood among them glum. Katherine noticed how Nathan looked at Taka, who in turn, didn't dare to lift up her eyes and meet the American's warm gaze. Kitty herself wondered were Nobutada had gone off to, she hadn't seen him since their sweet and tender reconciliation that morning. And he didn't join them for dinner either. However, deep down she knew that the young samurai was trying to keep his distance. Saying goodbye to her once was more than enough, he didn't have the heart to relive all those feelings and emotions, and quite frankly, neither did Katherine. Afterwards, Taka and her sons retired to their chambers, Nathan too followed the suit and Katherine was left alone. She slowly stood up from the kneeling position and adjusted her skirts. Her eyes trailed outside to the silver moon shinning in the distance. Tomorrow was another day. The day she so longed for to arrive. And yet now, it seemed that the time flew away far too quickly. She continued to silently walk around the house, as if saying farwell to the walls of the lodge as well. So much had passed for her under this roof. Katherine's pretty eyes finally settled on the armor of the red samurai that was located in a separate area of the house. The chamber was dedicated to the fallen warrior as a shrine. She gazed at the blazing crimson armor at the longest amount of time. As she stared at the attire, the old memories came rushing back. The flash of images of the horrid battle, the death of Zeb Gant, decapitation of General Hasegawa, her fear and hatred towards her captors. She recalled everything, absolutely everything that befell on her among the samurai over the course of the eight months. The people she swore to hate as long as she lived...had become part of her world. She had shockingly come to admire and even love them. This was so surprising to her. These feelings scared her on many levels, she couldn't recognize the old Kitty. \"You surprise me.\" The masculine voice from behind made her flinch in fright. Who was there at this hour? Katherine turned her head, only to meet Katsumoto's gentle eyes. He had walked up on her so quietly that she didn't even notice. \"Why is that?\" Katherine asked, once her alarm faded. Katsumoto did not answer right away, instead he fixed his eyes on the red armor that Kitty had been looking at. \"Because your pain is evident.\" Katherine lowered her head, embarrassed that she couldn't conceal her emotions well. \"Pain...\" she repeated softly. \"I am not in pain, but I will admit that I won't be leaving this place the same way I imagined eight months ago.\" Katsumoto smiled lightly, remembering the first time the young girl stood before him in the temple. She was so stubborn and so displeased with the new arrangements. \"That's good.\" Katherine responded with the same weak smile and looked back at the crimson armor of Taka's deceased husband. \"What kind of man was he?\" She wondered. During the battle, Katherine had never hated anyone as much as she hated the black samurai and the crimson samurai. But she had an opportunity to get to know the warrior men and their way of life. Ujio had proven to be so different from what she used think and of course, Nobutada was always very patient and kind with her. Katsumoto shocked her with his extraordinary leadership and hospitality and now her mind kept wondering about the fallen warrior. What was he like? \"You'd be surprised...\" The wise man started calmly. Katherine met his eyes, very intrigued with the beginning of the sentence. \"...he was very much like the American Captain...Algren.\" The young woman gasped in puzzlement upon hearing these words. \"Sometimes I wonder if they are the same person.\" He continued calmly, his eyes firmly glued on the samurai's armor. \"We would've been good friends then.\" Katherine spoke up with a grin and Katsumoto nodded in agreement. \"Yes.\" He confirmed. Silence fell over them for few minutes, until the leader decided to speak again. \"I didn't mean to criticize you about your father yesterday.\" Kitty's eyes widened in surprise once more at the change of the subject. \"You must love him great deal.\" He said, sounding very impressed. \"I guess what made me disappointed in you was that you didn't wait for me. I told you I was releasing you and yet, you didn't wait.\" \"I know.\" Katherine admitted in a low tone and hung her head. \"Everything happened so fast, I didn't have time to reflect. I realize now that following those assassins was not a great idea.\" \"It's in the past.\" The warlord concluded with a deep breath. \"No need to worry anymore.\" Katherine nodded in relief, glad to put the unpleasant events behind her. \"I hoped to set the differences aside with all of you before my departure. And I am glad I did.\" A smile spread across her pretty face. \"Well, goodnight.\" Katsumoto said after a while. \"We must rise early tomorrow. We cannot let the Emperor wait for us too long.\" As he was about to turn around and leave, Katherine questioned. \"You will tell the Emperor to stop Omura?\" At this, the leader of the warriors looked back at her saying. \"I do not tell the Emperor what to do.\" Confusion was evident on Katherine's face. \"Then what do you hope to accomplish?\" Katsumoto watched the young woman, the slightest gleam in his eye. \"Will you return to your country?\" \"England?...\" Katherine murmured quietly, as if remembering her long lost family member. In full honesty, she didn't give any thoughts about it at all. It was like her whole life in London suddenly seemed like a distant dream. She didn't even know what her own father had decided. \"I came here with my father...as long as he stays here, I shall remain with him.\" \"You should all return to your home. The Captain, you, your father...all of you.\" \"Why?\" Katsumoto paused, debating whether to tell her the truth that was hidden in his words. And why not? She deserved to know... He looked at Katherine in the eyes once more and then said. \"Because I do not wish you to be my enemy again.\" Granted Katherine herself might not have been his enemy, but the principles she and her father stood by were against Katsumoto and his clan. After all, Simon Graham had been employed by Omura, by the very man who was trying to uproot the ancient samurai laws from Japan. She understood the meaning behind his sentence and therefore, said no more. \"Go home, fair girl... Anshinritsumai. I wish you peace.\" \"Thank you for your generous hospitality.\" Katherine responded and bowed her head in respect. \" It was an utmost pleasure \" The leader said in Japanese with a smile and bowed as well. The next morning, as the sun rose over the misty peaks, about twenty samurai warriors saddled up their horses, ready to set out from the village. Algren was met by Nobutada who brought him a bay colored horse. The American gratefully nodded at the young warrior, and looked back at Taka's house. He was surprised just how painful this turned out to be for him, and Nobutada was no stranger to that feeling. The two men exchanged knowing glances and turned their attention on the loading of their animals. Meanwhile, Katherine stoically grabbed her mother's journal, braided her dark locks and made to step out of the house, when from the corner of her eye, she noticed Taka kneeling in her deceased husband's shrine. The woman had her back turned away from the door, so that she couldn't see the departing group. Katherine lowered her head in sadness, realizing just how hard and unbearable it was for Taka. With a deep breath, she left the woman in peace and exited the house, walking towards the samurai and Nathan. She greeted her friend with a small smile, and Nobutada handed her the reins of a grey horse that she'd be riding. As they were about to mount up, the voices of two young boys stopped both Kitty and Nathan. \"Algren-san! Kitty-san!\" Higen and Magojiro dashed out, running towards them frantically. The two boys bowed in respect and Higen gave Nathan a certain scroll and bowed again. Katherine figured that only Nathan knew what that gift represented. Little Magojiro turned to the young woman and opened his chubby palm, handing Katherine a beautiful pink blossom. A small tear rolled down Katherine's cheek at the sight, she reached out and embraced the sweet child. Afterwards, she secured the gift in her journal and placed the journal in the saddlebag safely. Katherine met Higen's eyes and bowed to him. As the two boys withdrew, the westerners mounted their horses. Soon Katsumoto arrived on his white steed, followed by Ujio and Nathan's bodyguard 'Bob'. The leader gave an order, Ujio shouted it loudly and they urged their horses into a canter and started to move out. Katherine noticed that Nathan was still lingering, he was searching for Taka with his eyes. The woman was nowhere to be found, she simply couldn't face him anymore. Katherine titled her head in sympathy, and Nathan upon seeing his friend's expression, gave up and followed after the group. Katherine watched the two little boys as long as she could. They were standing on the porch, gazing at them in sadness. As the samurai passed by, all of the villagers bowed their heads in utmost respect and admiration. Yes, that long awaited day had finally arrived. Nathan and Katherine, after living in the deep mountains for eight months were at last returning to civilisation. The entire ride was silent, only the striking of hooves and snorts of horses could be heard. The sun was shining brightly over the horizon, the mountain peaks illuminated the golden sunlight. Katherine stared at the magnificent images before her in awe, recognizing the areas in which she traveled the first time she was forcefully captured. She remembered how scared and horrified she was, but the peaceful atmosphere did slightly give her relief. Now it seemed like that old Kitty was long gone, and was replaced by this open-minded, brave and compassionate woman. She and Nathan rode side by side, and Kitty tried her best to keep her eyes averted from the samurai especially, from the ones she mostly cared about. The journey wasn't too long and in few hours, they would reach the city of Tokyo. Instead, of thinking back to how difficult it was to walk away from this new life she had come to love, Katherine decided to focus on the positive. She would finally reunite with her dear father. Part of her was actually very anxious and excited to be back in his arms again. The silence was broken by Nathan, who rode forward, closer to Katsumoto. \"Your lands are remarkable.\" Nathan was now right next to the samurai leader, riding like his right hand man. Katherine remained behind, she had caught up to Nobutada, who met her eyes and smiled, despite the fact that the girl tried to avoid him. \"And soon they will belong to Omura.\" Katsumoto told Nathan, \"Four hundred feet on each side of all new railroad track. A good deal, isn't it?\" \"You ain't whistling Dixie.\" Remarked Algren with a smirk. \"What whistle is this?\" Katsumoto raised his eyebrows confused. \"Just an expression.\" Smiled the American in return. Katherine looked down at her horse and petted it, they were nearing the city and she was beginning to feel more and more anxious. Only when she glanced up again, did she notice Ujio gazing at her. She urged her horse into a trot and rode past him, unable to meet his eyes. Her mind was made up to forget about them...well, at least him. That way, the conflicting pain inside her would go away and vanish. Soon the view of the high raised buildings and the buzzing sound of the big city neared the arriving group. Just like that, Kitty and Nathan knew that they had reached Tokyo...and somehow it was still surreal to them. And all of a sudden, uneasiness sank into Katherine and her mouth became all dry. Upon entering the grand city, the civilians who had witnessed the majestic entrance of the respected warriors, started to scatter around, hysterically clearing the path and making a way for Katsumoto and his samurai. Simon Graham was taking a photograph of two pretty geishas when he overheard the fussy commotion in the street. The women ran away in fright, and the English linguist turned to see what this sudden uproar was about. He froze upon the powerful sight of the samurai warriors riding valiantly through the city. But what made his heart jump suddenly, was the form of a beautiful young girl amongst the rough and stoic men. It was his sweet daughter! She was alive! And next to her was the American Captain, looking sharp and confident in his military uniform. Katherine had never seen anything like that before. Young and old, men and women, boys and girls, everyone...absolutely everyone had cleared the way for them and bowed in deep reverence. And she could even detect shame in most of their faces. The whole place had stopped to work and froze upon their arrival. It was as if the whole city had forgotten the existence of these brave warriors all Winter until now. Despite that, Omura's antipathy for the samurai had not changed the peasants' respect for them. After all, the samurai were still greatly honored as the protectors of Japan. Katsumoto held up his hand high, signaling the group to stop. The samurai obeyed the command and stopped in unison while the two westerners kept riding forward. Once ahead of the column, Ujio threw the American his hand gun and he caught it with an ease. Afterwards, Nathan dismounted swiftly from his horse. Before following his suit, Katherine exhaled nervously, she felt out of place again. She had the same feeling when she first found herself in the Samurai Village. Now that she had gotten used to living with them, this chaotic city made her anxious. She wanted to live peacefully again. Katherine paused and her eyes were drawn back to Nobutada, who was looking at her in sadness, not afraid to show his feelings at all. In full honesty, the young warrior's heart was aching nonstop. He thought he'd be able to handle these emotions, but alas! It was too much. With a soft nod, he indicated her that unfortunately it was time to separate. Nathan moved towards the unresponsive Katherine and gave her a soft nudge on the leg. She quickly nodded at him, and he gently helped her down from her horse. Kitty opened the saddlebag and collected her journal, as Nathan took her hand and pulled her closer to him. Nakao and Nathan's bodyguard took the rein's of the horses that the westerners had been riding, moving them out of the way. Katsumoto's solemn expression never faltered as he nodded in farewell at the two of his former enemies and now friends. Nathan slightly bowed his head as well, trying hard to look unaffected with this. Katherine smiled weakly at him, and her eyes averted to Ujio, who was staring at her with a stoic and yet tender gaze. He hid his sorrow in a mask, just like all Japanese were raised to do especially, samurai. Katherine felt her eyes watering and glanced away immediately. Soon, Katsumoto and his men began to ride on again and only then, did Katherine look back at them and watched with a shattered heart. Once out of sight, she looked at Nathan, who had his eyes lowered. Katherine started to feel overwhelmed, as the fussing of the city continued after the samurai's departure. She was no longer used to the turmoil, the constant chatter and so many people anymore. She didn't know where she was going, what she was doing...she felt like she was sleepwalking and didn't know how to wake up. Because of these uncomfortable feelings, Katherine grabbed Nathan's hand tightly, acting all together like a little lost lamb. She could not feel secure in this city anymore...she couldn't even recognize it. Just as she was about to ask her friend what awaited next for them, a voice of home and comfort rang in her ears. \"Kitty! My girl! My darling girl!\" Simon Graham was desperately making his way towards them squeezing through the crowd of civilians. Katherine's heart stopped for a second. \"Father?\" She wondered quietly. When was the last time she had heard his caring voice? She felt Nathan's hand on her shoulder and turned to him, but he was pointing her to something or... was it someone? Kitty squinted her bright eyes to get a better look and then...she finally noticed him running to her with open arms. It was her father! At last! \"Papa! Papa!\" Cried Katherine frantically, picking up her skirts and darting to meet him. The father and daughter raced towards each other quickly, as Simon rushed to her with outstretched hands. Katherine ran and ran until she finally threw herself in her father's arms and embraced him. It was so warm to be near him. She felt like a little girl again! She wrapped her hands around him, never wanting to let go...ever! Nothing else matter, as long as she was with him...she was at ease. Simon Graham started to cry tears of joy, as he kissed his daughter's cheeks, forehead, hair, hands, nose and hugged her tight. \"Oh capital! I don't believe it, my girl! My daughter! Praise God!\" He began to weep loudly. \"You're alive! My Kitty! My darling!\" \"Oh father!\" That's all Katherine managed to say. They remained in a fond embrace for a long time, sinking on their knees without letting each other go, not for a second. Nathan watched this bitter sweet reunion with a smile on his face, barely holding his tears in. He had become so sensitive and emotional thanks to the Grahams and the Samurai. This moving scene and the arrival of Katsumoto and his men was also observed by Omura, who was standing on the balcony together with his scar-faced bodyguard. He had witnessed their return with the greatest degree of astonishment. Katsumoto never seized to surprise him...he had kept the American Captain and the young girl alive. Omura definitely did not see that coming.[Chapter 58] Chapter 58 Reunion In Tokyo Once Simon Graham had seized weeping from joy and bitter-sweet delight, he rose to his feet together with his daughter. However, Katherine was still clinging on his arm and he too was not planning on releasing her from the embrace any time soon. He had his girl back! He would never let her go again! Simon wiped his tears away with the handkerchief and turned his attention to the approaching American. Nathan had been standing few feet away from the two, giving the father and daughter an opportunity to reunite without any distractions. Afterwards, he moved towards them with a huge smile on his face. \"Mr Graham, I'm happy to see you again in good health.\" He greeted, as Simon shook his hand eagerly. \"My God, Captain!\" He exclaimed in excitement. \"You're alive. And you kept your promise. My girl is safe and sound.\" He announced, looking at Katherine whose head was resting on her father's shoulder in a comforting manner. She was so happy to be in his arms. It felt like home again. All the memories of her sweet childhood with her dear papa were right in front of her again. They were together! As a family once again! He was well, she was well...what more could she wish for? 'Praise the Lord' - that's all she could tell herself. \"I knew you two would make it!\" Continued the Englishman happily. \"In my heart I believed that you were both alive! God heard my prayers!\" Nathan couldn't help but smile at his words. The poor man was so relieved and so cherry. It was a touching moment. \"Thank you, Captain! Oh, thank you very much for keeping my girl safe!\" Mr. Graham cried out in sheer joy, and suddenly reached out and pulled Nathan into a tight hug. Katherine giggled at Nathan's reaction when her father attacked him so unexpectedly. \"Mr. Graham,\" started the surprised American, once he regained his composure. \"I didn't do much...it was all your daughter. She's very brave and courageous. She took care of herself and me.\" He met Katherine's eyes and grinned. \"Don't be so modest, Nathan.\" The young woman shook her head and smiled. \"Oh capital! You must tell me everything!\" Mr. Graham said in excitement. \"Did the samurai treat you well? They had to! Are they exactly like I imagined them to be? Did you befriend any of them?\" \"Papa, how about we discuss this over tea?\" Kitty suggested, upon noticing that Algren was eager to return to his quarters and see how the soldiers were fairing. He was definitely in no mood to answer all of Simon's silly questions right now. \"Of course, my girl.\" Nodded the cheerful father. \"You both need to relax after such long and needless to say, stressful events.\" He kissed his daughter's forehead affectionately. \"Perhaps, we can invite Captain Algren? Would you like to join us?\" The man stared at Nathan expectantly. \"With pleasure.\" Answered the American. \"But first I've got few things to do.\" \"Of course, Omura and Colonel Bagley must know about your return. Forgive me, for keeping you from your duties.\" \"It's alright, Mr. Graham.\" Nathan waved his hand mindlessly. \"I'll see you both at the inn, then?\" \"Yes.\" Confirmed Katherine with a smile, tugging her father's arm. Simon tipped his hat to the officer and turned to his daughter. \"Let's go, Kitty. We have catching up to do my girl.\" Nathan watched the retreating figures of Mr. Graham and Katherine; before he would walk away, Katherine looked back at him and flashed him a beautiful smile. The end of their adventure had come! Nathan would miss being so close to her. In a way, she had become the sister he never had. Same could be said about the young woman. They had both developed this bond...it wasn't easy to let it go. Nathan continued to walk on until he reached the parade ground. He recognized the place immediately. The images of him instructing the poorly trained recruits together with his good old friend Gant, Kitty's first attempt on being the translator for him... all those memories came to his mind. So much had changed since then. His friend was sadly no longer alive, and he and Katherine had become people they could no longer recognize. The change had also come upon this place as well, it was simply remarkable. Thousands of new Japanese troops were drilling with new bolt-action Mausers. Their skill was precise, exact and frighteningly mechanistic. Their uniforms were fresh and crisp. New German advisors were standing close-by, barking commands at them. Colonel Bagley who had been supervising and over-seeing their training, spotted the Captain. \"Algren! So it's true! You're alive. You never seize to astonish.\" He ran over to him, his hand extended, but Algren turned to look at the troops. \"They have new weapons.\" Nathan said, his voice cold and distant. \"The Kaiser was only too happy to help. Along with his friends at Mauser and Krupp. Thank God we Americans still have a few teeth in our head.\" Bagley responded proudly and led him to the 'teeth'. Nathan's eyes widened in surprise. Howitzer cannons were in multitude of rows. Artillery officers in US Army uniforms were instructing Japanese officers. It was a huge transformation from last year's pathetic 'army'. Now, they were all disciplined and highly trained in the firearms. It was mind blowing just how far they'd come since the lousy battle that occurred last September. \"As soon as the Emperor signs the damn trade agreement, he'll get the whole package. Including this particular item.\" Bagley moved toward a pair of shiny new Gatling Guns. \"Two hundred rounds a minute. And the new cartridges cut down on jamming.\" Algren twitched his jaw and exhaled uncomfortably, without saying a word to the Colonel. Bagley stared at him with a smirk. \"The ambassador and I have spent eight months kissing Omura's ass so he'll sign the damn trade pact with us. You spent all this time living with those savages?\" \"I need a bath.\" Nathan cleared his throat. \"After living with those barbarians, I can only imagine.\" Remarked the irritating man with a snarl. Nathan was about to turn away and leave when he heard Bagley's voice again. \"Curse all! How could I forget the girl! They said she's alive as well? Miss Graham, I mean. How's she fairing?\" Captain Algren paused, huffing in annoyance, hoping to stay collected. He couldn't stand this hypocrite any longer yet, Bagley kept on bugging him with nonstop questions. Maybe he should've listened to Mr. Graham after all and followed him to the inn. His and Kitty's company would've been a pleasure compared to whatever this was.\"She's well.\" He replied in a low tone. \"I hope you didn't let those savages defile her in any way.\" He said, walking closer to Nathan, licking his lips in a perverted manner. \"A woman like her can drive even those hostile men insane.\" Algren wanted to kill the bastard right then and there. That idiot was the one who had ruthlessly sent the poor girl to face the samurai in the first place! He had practically sent her to her death! And now he had nerves to ask such phony questions? As if he cared! The hell with him! Nevertheless, Algren took a deep breath and answered in a calm voice. \"I assure you, she's unharmed from head to toe.\" \"I'm pleased.\" Announced Bagley with a superior tone, as if keeping Katherine safe were his orders to Nathan. \"Looks like the Englishman was right, he believed that the samurai wouldn't harm either of you.\" Nathan nodded, hoping that maybe now, he'd let him go at last. \"Welcome back, Captain.\" Smirked Bagley once more. Without saying anything, Nathan turned promptly and started to walk away. \"They got their flag...See?\" Colonel Bagley called after him. Indeed, there it was. Tall flagpole high above the parade ground and a flowy banner in the air. It is immediately familiar to us now.. A red circle on a white field. The Rising Sun. As Nathan kept on rapidly retreating from the area, the Howitzers fired in sequence, with thundering blast that shook the earth. Meanwhile, once retiring back in their quarters, Katherine recited all that had passed for her and Nathan over the course of the eight months in the Samurai Village to her father over a cup of tea. She told him everything. Starting from how she unwillingly found herself in battle, how bravely Nathan and Gant fought while the other officers including Colonel Bagley, ran for their lives in sheer panic. How Gant was killed by the samurai Hirotaro, how Nathan avenged his friend's death and protected himself by murdering the red warrior. How despite all, Katsumoto decided to spare the two captives and treated them like guests during their stay. How Katherine learned to accept her fate and warmed up to the village and the people especially, Hiroatro's wife and small sons. She even told him that Katsumoto and his clan had become their close friends. However, Kitty left out the part where the son of the wise warlord proposed, she left out her conflicted feelings as well. They were no longer important...it didn't matter. Either way, Simon Graham was in complete and utter awe. He leaned back in his chair, his jaw was dropped, his blue eyes wide in astonishment, his face frozen in shock. This was too much information to comprehend. Katherine allowed him to process this unbelievable story. If she heard it from someone else, she'd be just as puzzled. She gracefully picked her cup of tea and continued sipping it. After few minutes of silence, Simon started to come around. \"Uh...I ah,...I always knew that the Samurai were an intriguing bunch...but this...Kitty, this is unheard of.\" Katherine smiled warmly at her father. \"I know papa, and yet it's as true as I'm sitting here with you.\" \"Praise Lord!\" Cried Simon in surprise. \"Oh capital, your story would've made a great book.\" He chuckled, still shocked at the news his daughter shared with him. \"Well, I did write everything in my mother's journal.\" Katherine admitted, as she looked down at her diary that lay on the table. \"That old thing still exists?\" Simon brushed his fingers on the leather cover of the journal. \"It feels like yesterday when your mother wrote in it.\" Katherine grinned brightly and her eyes sparkled at her father's words. \"Oh papa,\" she sighed softly. \"I would never imagine that my life would change so much.\" \"It's incredible, Kitty. You and Captain Algren have come to sympathize with the enemy.\" Mr. Graham remarked with a small shake of his head. \"They're good people, father.\" \"I don't doubt you, my girl. You are a living proof of that.\" Katherine nodded eagerly. \"I was treated with so much respect and kindness.\" \"I'm just glad that you were safe all this time.\" Simon said in relief and reached over to hug his daughter. \"What about you, papa?\" Kitty asked afterwards. \"What were you doing while I was gone?\" \"That, my girl...\" Simon paused, taking a deep breath. \"...is a long story.\" \"I'd like to know, father. Please?\" Kitty insisted. \"Oh alright. But I'm warning you...it's a long story.\" \"I don't care.\" Katherine said firmly. \"I'm not in a hurry.\" It's not like she was going anywhere, they had plenty of time to discuss these things. With an exhale, Simon grabbed a small biscuit and took a bite before starting his story. \"I was in Doctor Takahashi's care for three weeks. Over the course of these weeks, I didn't hear a thing from you, my dear. However, physicians were assuring me that you were too busy helping the Captain with the translations and therefore, could not see me. Doctor Takahashi didn't wish to tell me the awful news about the battle just yet. It wasn't until I completely recovered from my illness did that miserable wretch give me your letter. Oh Kitty, my heart was torn after reading it. Immediately, I rushed to Omura and Colonel Bagley hoping to seek some kind of information. I shouted at them like a lunatic blaming them your disappearance. Oh, how I despised myself...if it weren't for me, you would've been safe my girl.\" \"Papa, please- \" Katherine tried to protest but Simon stopped her. \"Do not interrupt me.\" And continued his passionate recital. \"I was angry at them, at Captain Algren, at Hasegawa at everyone, who allowed you to go in battle. That Bagley fellow tried to justify his pathetic and cowardly actions, but I didn't want to hear any of his silly excuses. I was genuinely mad!\" Katherine listened in surprise, she didn't know that her father was capable of such thing as anger. \"A word came to us afterwards, that General Hasegawa had been found decapitated somewhere in the forest...we also recovered poor Sergeant Gant's lifeless body. However, we couldn't find anything that belonged to you or the Captain. One gloomy morning, a Japanese officer told me that they had found your hat lying in the very place were the battle had occurred. Of course, Omura and Bagley continued to assure me that you were gone...forever. Both of you. But I believed deep in my heart, that if the samurai were to find you, they'd keep you safe. I knew it. I don't know... call it a parent's intuition.\" \"Is that why you paid those assassins to save me?\" Kitty raised her eyebrows curiously. \"Ah! I'm getting there, my girl.\" Announced Simon in excitement and continued. \"You see, I've spent rest of the months praying and hoping you'd come back to me. If not, in Spring once the passes were open, I'd come to find you myself. But then, I heard that Omura was planning to send the assassins to kill Katsumoto and I knew I had to take a chance. To my disappointment, neither of the shinobi returned, so then a word spread out that the Emperor had granted a safe passage to Katsumoto and I could only hope to see you then. And if not, I was ready to fight even the samurai for your sakes.\" Katherine was touched at her sweet father's words. He was never a fighter and yet he was willing to transform himself for her. \"Luckily, God answered to my prayers and here you are.\" Smiled Simon in great relief. \"My tale ends here, my girl.\" \"Oh, father!\" Katherine exclaimed and embraced him once more. \"I love you.\" \"You've done so much for an old man like me. I will never lose you again!\" He announced in determination. \"I love you most, Kitty.\" A rapid tap on the door interrupted the father and daughter. When Katherine got up to see who it was, she was met by Nathan's warm eyes. \"You clean up nice.\" Katherine smiled at him, upon seeing his plain and yet knit, brown suit. She was glad to see Nathan again. \"I could say the same about you.\" He returned the smile and studied Kitty's appearance. She was wearing a cream colored dress, her dark curls in a half up and half down fashion. She looked absolutely breathtaking. \"Why, Captain Algren!\" Exclaimed Simon cheerfully. \"Come in! We were just having tea.\" \"I'm afraid I can't. Your daughter and I've been called to present in Omura's office. He wants to speak with us.\" Katherine grimaced uncomfortably upon hearing the news, and stared down, grabbing her father's hand tight. They had just returned and already a flock of nosy men wanted to meet with them. \"You know you can always say no, right?\" Nathan told the worried woman. \"Yes my girl, you don't have to go.\" Simon agreed eagerly, resting his hand on her shoulder affectionately. \"No, it's alright. I'll be fine.\" Katherine raised her chin proudly. She had been living with the fierce samurai warriors for eight months, participated in bloody battles...visiting Omura's office didn't seem scary at all compared to the situations she'd been in...and yet, there was still certain uneasiness creeping in her body. Nevertheless, the three of them walked confidently towards Omura's quarters, ready to face whatever awaited them. It's so weird to be back to characters like Mr. Graham, Bagley, Omura and so on after all this time. We've come far. Thanks so much for the wonderful reviews as always. It's because of you, I feel so motivated. Keep sharing your opinions![Chapter 59] Chapter 59 Back to Reality Katherine, Nathan and Simon fought through the crowd as they made their way towards the large building where without doubt Omura awaited them. As they walked, Katherine started noticing how many changes this city was going through. New construction was starting everywhere, telegram wires strung next to an ancient temple. Across the street, modern European hotel was going up, dwarfing the traditional Japanese buildings. Kitty's eyes widened in surprise, this place was slowly beginning to look like the European big cities she often visited with her father. The trio passed the huge billboard advertising Western goods. \"It's like a New York office building stabbing into the heart of old Japan.\" Remarked Nathan and Simon didn't hold back from agreeing. \"Never been to New York, but this awful looks like busy streets of London.\" Katherine joined in, her voice low and disappointed. Almost everyone around them was dressed in Western clothes. It was already hard to tell if they were indeed in the exotic country like Japan. Few more months, and this place would be the second big city of Europe or America. And quite frankly, Katherine didn't know how to feel about it. She had actually come to admire this country for its originality...and yet, things were converting rather quickly. They continued to pass nearby foreign engineers, who were standing proudly plotting railway lines. At last, the three of them finally reached the fancy quarters where Omura was stationed. Upon entering the big hallway, they were met by an American man whom, Simon addressed as the Ambassador Swanbeck. The man was too preoccupied with the bunch of documents he was holding, so he quickly greeted Nathan and Katherine and buried his nose in the papers once more. Katherine looked over her shoulder uncomfortably, spotting waiting delegations from the various European powers. She could determine from their small talks that some were French, some Dutch, some German and some even Russian. They were led by Omura's scar-faced bodyguard in a small waiting room, where Bagley stood there expectantly. Katherine started to shiver with uneasiness at the sight of the sneaky man. She perfectly remembered their unpleasant interactions in the past and now she was in no mood to relive all that. Upon seeing her, Colonel Bagley flashed Katherine a smug little grin and walked towards the approaching party. \"My, my,\" he started calmly. \"Mr. Graham, you've been right all this time. Here they are ...Nathan and Katherine, back from the dead.\" He joked with a snobby tone and yet, no one was amused. \"Miss Graham, it's a pleasure to see you so intact.\" Bagley turned to the young woman afterwards, and studied her delicate form with a hungry gaze. His stare made Katherine very uncomfortable, she got the feeling he was undressing her with his lustful eyes. How despicable! Katherine wasn't the only one who sensed Bagley's perverse mind. Nathan was glaring at him in fury, ready to rip him into pieces. Simon felt the tense air in the room and cleared his throat loudly. \"Ambassador Swanbeck, will you be accompanying us in Mr. Omura's office?\" He asked, as if he cared about the subject at all. \"I'm afraid I don't know.\" Came a reply from the frustrated man. Bagley however, didn't give a damn about Simon or the Ambassador. He was way too distracted by the beautiful girl in front of him. When was the last time he had been in the company of a pretty lady? It's been so long since...honestly, he was beginning to feel like an eunuch. Of course, there were always brothels around but the Japanese ladies were never his taste. He always preferred his 'own kind'. \"Miss Graham, earlier I had time to chat with Algren about his adventures with the savages, although he was too brief with his narrative, I trust you can provide us with valuable information.\" He sneered...exactly like a snake. \"What information could that be?\" Katherine answered at last, and from the corner of her eye, she could see Nathan's irritated glare. \"Well, for starters, I hope that the savages did not treat you as they would treat their harlots.\" Annoying little smirk crossed Bagley's features. Katherine's stomach twitched with anger and Nathan was this close from punching the pathetic excuse for an officer right in the face. The girl shot him a dirty look before making a reply. \"You'd be surprised, Colonel...They treated me with more respect than my own kind ever did.\" She managed to speak composed, with the air of dignity. Something that she had acquired from the lovely Taka. Deep inside however, Katherine was still fuming! How dare he spit out such bitter words out of his vile mouth?! What right did this disgusting human have to call the most sophisticated warriors 'savages'? And when did he start caring about her? Wasn't he the one who blackmailed her into attending the battle in the first place? Katherine couldn't believe just how cunning and hypocritical this Bagley was! Simon and Nathan smirked triumphantly at Katherine's sharp response. She was very clever in that sense. Bagley however, was not pleased with her answer. He forced a fake smile on his face and cleared his throat. Before the situation could get any more complicated, Omura's bodyguard started to speak in English with a heavy accent. \"Omura-san wants to speak to you at the moment.\" He said, eyeing Nathan, who quickly glanced at Katherine. \"Later the lady.\" He added. With a deep breath, Nathan stepped into the next door...the final office, followed by Bagley and the impatient Ambassador. Katherine and her father were left to wait outside. The girl sighed and seated herself on the nearby chair and Simon followed her suit. She wondered why on earth did Bagley and the Ambassador intrude in the office. Didn't the bodyguard make it clear that Omura wished to speak with Nathan alone? \"Oh my girl, things aren't looking too good around here.\" The British linguist started after a while. \"What do you suggest we do, papa?\" Kitty turned to him eagerly. \"Katsumoto thinks it'll be better if we return to our home. He doesn't want us to go against him...he regards us as friend now.\" \"It's not up to him, my dear.\" Simon said with disappointment. \"Don't forget, we are employed by Mr. Omura.\" \"So we should fight the samurai?\" Katherine questioned in disbelief. \"I'm not saying that, my girl. We are not going to fight anyone.\" Simon confirmed firmly. \"But we're in rather difficult position, that's for sure.\" \"So it depends on Nathan, then.\" Katherine concluded with a heavy sigh. \"Yes, in a way.\" Nodded the caring father. \"After all, if he decides to lead the new army against the samurai, he must need the translator. And I'm here to provide him my services.\" \"He won't.\" Katherine said confidently. \"He won't fight against his friend.\" Simon's eyes widened in surprise. So much had changed! \"Kitty,\" he started slowly. \"I don't want to make you uncomfortable, my dear. However, I'm your father and I'd like to know.\" \"Know what?\" Simon started wiping sweat from his forehead nervously. \"Well, you see...\" he struggled to get to the point. His cheeks were all rosy and red from embarrassment. \"You and ahh...Captain Algren seem rather...you know, close. I was wondering-\" \"No!\" Katherine stated, vigorously shaking her head. \"There's nothing romantic going on between me and Nathan.\" Simon swallowed uncomfortably. \"Oh?\" \"Papa, we were held in the Samurai Village together for eight months.\" Katherine explained gently. \"It's only natural for us to grow close. For a while, we only had each other to hold onto. We're just very good friends and that's it. Besides, didn't I tell you that Nathan had developed an infatuation with Katsumoto's sister?\" \"Of course!\" Exclaimed the stocky man. \"Either way, my Kitty...I am pleased. He is a good man. I would've been happy both ways.\" He smiled and kissed his daughter's cheek lightly. \"I know father.\" Kitty grinned brightly. \"But I regard him as a brother.\" Simon Graham raised his brow as if asking her 'are you sure?' \"Nothing more.\" The young girl confirmed yet again. \"I assure you.\" The father chuckled slightly at his daughter's response but before he could say anything, haughty voices of the men inside came out from Omura's office. \"Has he fortified his position? Acquired firearms? Come now man, tell us what you saw!\" Colonel Bagley's ever-so irritating voice questioned...Nathan without doubt. \"As you said, Colonel, they're savages with bows and arrows.\" A calm response was heard from the American Captain. The voices seemed to quiet down a little, although, Katherine knew they were still talking...but not as fiercely. She anxiously started playing with the ribbons of her cream colored dress and Simon continued cleaning his glasses with his handkerchief. All at once, sharp sound came out from the Ambassador. \"With all due respect, sir, our president's patience is wearing thin. Perhaps there is someone else we should be speaking to.\" \"With all due respect, ambassador...perhaps there is someone else we should be speaking to!\" Snapped Omura at last. \"For instance, the French or the English. Or any of the legations waiting in the next room.\" \"My, my...\" muttered Simon uncomfortably, glancing at his daughter, who had anxiety written all over her pretty countenance. Nothing could be heard afterwards from the other room; few seconds later the door opened, and the Ambassador stormed out in silent rage, passing the father and daughter without even looking at them. Colonel Bagley exited in seconds later and chased after the fuming man, probably to calm him down. Simon's eyes widened in surprise, something had definitely happened. The bodyguard of Omura also left the office stoically and followed the suit of the two Americans before him. \"I better go see what's going on around here.\" Simon stood up in determination. \"The diplomats have gone mad.\" \"Papa? Are you leaving?\" Katherine questioned surprised. \"My dear, you wait for Mr. Omura here...most probably he'd want to speak with you in private as well. In the meantime, I'll go find out what is happening. Things seem to be coming out of control.\" Katherine nodded and with a final kiss on his girl's forehead, Simon turned to see what was happening and what were Omura's moves against samurai. \"Papa,\" Kitty called before he'd leave. \"Yes, my girl?\" \"Find how Katsumoto and his men are fairing, alright?\" She asked eagerly. \"Absolutely.\" Simon smiled and left her presence. Katherine took a deep breath and bit her bottom lip in nervousness. She waited for couple more minutes and at last, the door opened and Nathan came out. Almost immediately, the bodyguard of Omura returned as well and bowed slightly to Katherine, indicating that it was her turn to meet the boss. Nathan and Katherine exchanged silent glances, and the young woman entered the office with a sharp exhale. Omura was standing inside like a titan before enormous painted pictures from various European artists. He quickly gave a slight nod to his 'protector' and the man left the two in peace. He then set down at the large desk and gestured the young woman to take a seat as well. Katherine obeyed, trying hard to stay composed and indifferent...showing him her anxiety wasn't exactly a good idea. \"Welcome, Miss Graham...\" Mr. Omura started politely, as it is fit to any Japanese person. \"In truth, I was very astonished to see a lady, such as yourself, survive the regime of Katsumoto and his samurai. He removed a gold cigarette case and lighted it. \"You must've been terrified.\" \"Yes, at first I was, sir.\" Katherine nodded in agreement. \"But I'm sure Mr. Algren has told you that we were not ill-treated during our stay.\" \"Indeed, he did.\" Smiled the round man cunningly. \"So tell me, how did you like the infamous samurai Katsumoto?\" Katherine paused before making a reply, she didn't know what he was doing. Was Omura testing her? To see if she had developed sympathy against the enemy? Or was he genuinely curious? She settled for an appropriate answer. \"He is very different from the men I've met.\" \"Of course, he is.\" Agreed Omura casually. \"He is a Samurai. Their ways have great appeal...for some.\" He added, eyeing the unmoved girl curiously. Katherine did not answer him, she pursed her lips and waited for him to continue. The man cleared his throat before carrying on. \"Tell me about your role in Katsumoto's plans.\" \"I have none, sir.\" Katherine responded sharply. \"And your sympathies?\" Omura raised his eyebrows. \"Again, I have none.\" The young woman tried her best to sound as indifferent as possible. \"You seem to be very close with Mr. Algren though.\" \"That's only natural, sir. I've spent eight months with him as my only friend.\" Katherine lifted her chin proudly. Omura took a deep breath, he wasn't going anywhere with her. \"So that's it, then? You have no opinion of samurai, in whose village you've been for so long?\" Katherine was silent for a while, before making any kind of reply. She was conflicted. What was she supposed to say? This man was not trustworthy at all! \"Mr. Omura,\" she said softly. \"You are forgetting that I'm only a woman. I was kept with the women and children of the village. My interactions with the samurai were brief and minimal.\" To her surprise, Omura was actually satisfied with her clever response. \"I see...\" \"From what I've gathered, I believe them to be uncivilized and outdated men.\" She managed to sound very distant and cool. Omura nodded in agreement. \"Miss Graham, I want you to know that your sacrifice in the battle last year, did not go unnoticed. You served well in your father's place and I think it'll be only fair to offer you an employment.\" Katherine was shocked with the proposition. \"What do you mean, sir?\" \"I want you to continue translating for our officers, well in in this case for Mr. Algren as he leads our very prepared army in the battle against samurai. And have no worry Miss, this time we will crush them all.\" Katherine tried hard to retain herself from flinching. She took a deep breath and spoke up. \"But my father was the one serving Mr. Algren, I only took his place because he was unwell. And besides, I remember that the Captain's contract with you was to train your army.\" \"Ah, no need to remind me.\" Threw in Omura. \"The Captain and I have come to an understanding. I'll make a new contract with all of you...and I assure you, the extraordinary contribution you've made for the Emperor, will not be unrecognized. Both you and your father shall be greatly rewarded.\" Katherine forced an uncomfortable smile on her face. \"You are very generous, Mr. Omura. However, I'm afraid I can't accept your offer. You see, I'm just a mere girl and I have different interests. Politics were never an enjoyable subject for me. Like I said before, the only reason I served your officers and Captain Algren was because of my sick father.\" Afterwards, she gracefully rose from her seat, ready to be excused. \"Miss Graham, I wouldn't make any rash decisions if I were you.\" Omura warned, keeping a calm tone in his voice. \"You are not just a silly girl you pretend to be. You must recognize your own abilities.\" \"Oh, I have indeed, sir.\" Katherine smiled and bowed before leaving the office, hopefully once and for all. Upon exiting from the tall building, Katherine exhaled in relief, still shocked how professionally she had managed to deal with a man like Omura. She took few deep breaths and then started searching for her father and Nathan with her eyes. It didn't take long, the two men were already walking rapidly towards her. \"Kitty!\" Exclaimed Simon. \"Are you alright, my girl?\" He asked, pulling her in his arms in a protective manner. \"Wait, father...what's going on?\" She questioned when she noticed Nathan's uneasy state. \"Nathan, what's happening? Omura said that you made a new contract with him? Is it true?\" She grabbed his shoulder anxiously. \"We can't talk here. We're being followed.\" Nathan whispered, as his eyes focused on the civilians around them. The American urged the father and daughter to move little faster and they quickly marched through the street. \"Nathan, what on earth is happening?\" Katherine continued frantically, as Nathan ignored her words and kept looking over his shoulder. He was very paranoid. \"Yes, what in heaven's name is going on?\" Joined in Simon, as if Kitty's questions weren't enough. \"The diplomatic community is abuzz. They say Omura has passed laws against samurai.\" Katherine let out a squeaky sound that she always did when she was nervous. Nathan on the other hand, stopped in frustration. It was one thing to deal with Katherine alone in such a dire situation, but to deal with the father and daughter together was way too much even for him. \"I need a drink.\" He said flatly. \"Listen, if your friend Katsumoto shows up at the Council meeting armed, he is a dead man.\" Warned Simon, horrifying Katherine even more in the process. Nathan had heard enough of this nonsense! He was already very anxious as it was. No need to add the fuel to the fire. \"Alright,\" He paused, reflecting for a second. \"You're coming with me, Mr. Graham.\" Nathan said, calculating things in his head. \"Katherine, you go back to the hotel and stay there.\" The emphasis were on the 'stay'. \"But that's not fair.\" The young girl frowned with a pout. \"I want to help.\" \"So then, help us by staying in the damn hotel!\" Snapped Algren, too tired to argue with anyone. \"Go on, my girl. \" Simon said softly and Katherine decided to obey the orders. She knew that all of them were very worried and nervous at the occurring events. And by no means, did she wish to be a nuisance. So with a soft and understanding nod, she turned promptly and left the two men to deal with the difficult situations. Katherine walked through the streets of busy Tokyo with a heavy heart. She couldn't believe that just a day ago, she'd been living peacefully in the Samurai Village with Taka and her sweet little sons. Times were so simpler and so much relaxing there...now however, she had just returned and already such chaos and tensions were building up. She was worried for her father, for Nathan, for Katsumoto, Nobutada and Ujio. 'God, help them!\" She prayed silently. All this turmoil was like a rude awakening! It was so much better when she was dreaming in the beautiful village. Her reality in the city, was very horrendous. Slowly, she began to realize that maybe she belonged with the samurai after all. Three Japanese women clothed in colorful kimonos stopped to admire her beautiful Western dress, Katherine paid no mind to them and desperately continued to make her way to the hotel. Right across from her, a group of five Imperial Army soldiers adorned with new and fresh military attire took a notice of her. She rounded a corner, trying to ignore the stares of these boastful men. They were carrying rifles over their arms, clearly drunk with power and ready to abuse anyone they pleased. \" I always wanted to try a Western flower!\" Remarked one of them in a superior tone. \" They've got thorns so they tell me.\" Snickered another, and Katherine began to quicken her pace, hoping to get away from the unpleasant company faster. To her disappointment, the men started following her. \" Let's see for ourselves.\" The first one said and stood right in front of the young woman, others circled her like hungry wolves. \" Clear the way, and let me go.\" Katherine demanded confidently. \" Whoa, look at that, she speaks our language. Can I keep her?\" The first soldier, who had started it all, turned to the others with a chuckle. \" Why should you be the only one to keep her? When we can share?\" Said another disgustingly and they started making unwanted advance towards the unprotected girl. What was more shocking was the fact that the bystanders in the street didn't give a damn at all. They casually strolled about and minded their own business, ignoring the poor helpless girl. One of them grabbed Katherine's lower skirts, the second played with her hair, the third disheveled her upper attire. The young woman struggled and fought against them as much as she could. \" Let go of me! I am Katherine Graham, the daughter of the guest of the Emperor! You have no rights to insult me!\" \"Oh, so you are the girl that's been living among the samurai.\" The soldier in front of her announced. \" Come on, show us how you pleased them...we deserve to be treated much better than they.\" Upon saying this, he reached out and pulled Katherine into a forceful embrace and then, clasping her rudely around the waist. \" Allow and honorable and thirsty soldier to drink nectar from those juicy lips.\" And without waiting for her consent - which he knew would be refused - he smashed his lips aggressively onto hers, immediately coming in contact with those of the girl. Instantly, he received a blow from a clenched feminine fist right in the face. Katherine vigorously pushed the man away from her in fury and slapped another soldier, who tried to imitate the first pig. \" You call yourselves honorable?! Don't touch me ever again!\" She shouted, her cheeks red with anger. Her behavior provoked the soldiers even more and the first man who had dared to insult her so, was fuming in rage. \" You whore! I'll show you how to respect the Imperial Army!\" With that, he raised his hand to struck her but in a sudden flash, he was seized by that very hand. Katherine quickly looked to see who had come to her rescue, and she gasped in surprise when she met Nobutada's eyes that were full with wrath and almost threw out sprinkles of fire. \" You disgraceful creature, leave the girl in peace. Now!\" He commanded, shoving the soldier aside, clearing the circle and pulling Katherine towards him defensively. \" You! What you think you're doing?\" Came the barks from the displeased soldiers. Nobutada ignored them as he took Katherine, swiftly trying to get her out of their sight. \" Hey boy, are you listening?!\" They shouted again. \" Told you she was a samurai whore.\" Katherine heard one of them mumble bitterly under their breaths. Nobutada could stand when they were insulting him...no problem, however, he was not willing to listen to offensive and crude remarks they fired at Kitty's direction. He tensed and stopped, ready to cut them down with a simple flick of his katana. \" Don't do it, please.\" Katherine pleaded, staring at him with her pretty eyes. \" Don't!\" She nudged him to leave. Nobutada nodded in understanding and was about to walk on when the insults and shouts continued. \"No wonder foreigners mock us! Just look at his stupid hairdo! And his dress!\" \"Cut the top-knot!\" \"Don't you know about the order?\" Hateful exclamations kept coming from their direction. Even though, the soldiers tried to act tough, they restrained themselves from following and approaching the samurai and the girl...at least for now. Nobutada knew that they wouldn't let them get off so easily. Important thing for him now, was to get Katherine to the safety. He could somehow deal with these men on his own. However, he was not planning on putting the girl he loved in danger. Once a little further away from the Imperial Army soldiers, Nobutada took a deep breath and gazed down warmly at Katherine. \" I need you to get out of here this minute.\" Katherine stared at him confused, her eyes becoming all teary. \" No, I won't leave you with these hateful people.\" She insisted eagerly. \" Listen,\" Nobutada said calmly, his voice all gentle and soft. \" for once, do as I say. Please, just go to your hotel-room and lock the door behind you. Don't look back, you hear me?\" Katherine shook her head, unwilling to let Nobutada face these disgusting pigs on his own. \" I can't...I won't...\" \" Please, I beg you just do as I say. Kitty please.\" Nobutada was not giving up, he continued urging her, and pulled her in one last embrace. \" I promise, I'll be fine.\" Katherine reluctantly nodded as tears rolled down her cheek. Why was he so kind to her? Frankly, she didn't deserve it. He was willing to sacrifice himself for her? He had such a big heart. He really loved her. Katherine turned and started to depart from his presence, her bright eyes all watery with overwhelming emotion. Would she ever find someone who loved her that strongly? Wasn't this act the testimony of his true love? Nobutada was willing to do anything for her even if it meant putting aside his own security and safety. All of a sudden, she stopped, turned back to Nobutada, who without doubt was gazing after her, and rushed back into his arms. The young samurai was surprised with her unexpected action, but what shocked him even more was the passionate kiss that followed the hug. \" After all this storm fades, I'm willing to stay with you in the village...that is, if you'll still have me.\" Katherine told him, when the two broke apart. A huge grin of joy and triumph spread across Nobutada's handsome features. It was like he had won the war itself! \" You won't believe how you delighted me with your words. You are not gonna sail back to England?\" \"My place is here with you.\" Katherine confirmed with a bright smile. \" I love you...I can't stand the thought of never being with you.\" She spoke in realization. The young samurai tenderly pulled the girl close to him and kissed her again. \" Neither can I. You belong with me.\" Katherine was about to reach over to steal another kiss when the sharp barks from behind brought them both to reality. Nobutada looked back at the hateful soldiers and then gazed Katherine again. \" Now you really need to go.\" The young woman nodded in obedience and slowly untangled herself from the warrior's arms and started to walk away. Oh, how she didn't wish to leave him with those bastards. Part of her heart stayed there with Nobutada, hoping and praying for him to stay safe. Where are my Team Nobutadas att? Lol[Chapter 60] Chapter 60 You Love Her When Katherine approached the hotel quarters, something deep inside her stopped her from entering. Her heart was beating faster than usual and she was beginning to question her motives. Just half an hour ago, the young woman had admitted her love for the samurai warrior and had decided to stay with him in his village with his people. Was that a correct decision? Didn't she make it clear that they were both too different from one another? Or somehow that justification didn't seem valid any more? She did love him... and Nobutada loved her so strongly in return. It was too much to ask. Would she ever find a man like that in London? If she returned back in that society, her over-bearing aunt would force her to marry and settle down with one of the dull-headed men of her choice without doubt. And Katherine feared that maybe this time, her father wouldn't be able to save her. In a way, it was her duty as a woman to find a suitable and accomplished man for a husband. Most of the high class girls her age were already married or betrothed. She needed to get her life together! Living in America had been her long-time dream...but it was definitely not realistic. So for Katherine, this voyage had been her last attempt to escape her fate. And now it seemed like she could actually be happy in the unlikely place she found herself in...with a steadfast husband like Nobutada. So what if they were both different? They could educate one another on each other's cultures. It wasn't impossible! If it was true love that motivated them both, they could survive against all odds. Right? It seemed simple enough.. yet there was something that bothered the girl deep inside. A certain shadow of someone else...of someone like... stop! That could never happen! Katherine fiercely shook her head and shut her eyes for a minute. No! She needed to get him out of her head once and for all. Why was she being so silly and ridiculous?! With a deep breath, Katherine lifted her chin proudly in resolution. She was not going to hide! If she had decided to stay with the young samurai, she would stick with him till the end. In sickness and in health, right? Katherine nodded as if reassuring herself to stay strong, and with a tilt of her head, she promptly turned and raced back to the same place where she had left the young warrior. No one would separate them! They belonged together now! She ran as fast as her legs would take her, and as swiftly as her restricted dress would allow her. It didn't take her long to finally reach the busy street, but when she tried to move forward and search Nobutada or the trace of those vile soldiers with her pretty eyes, suddenly, she bumped into someone's shoulder. \"Kitty!\" Her father caught her in time, before she'd stumble over. \"What are you still doing here?\" \"Papa,\" Katherine gasped in surprise. \"Forgive me, I didn't see you there.\" \"Kitty, didn't you here what I said my girl?\" Simon asked firmly, turning his daughter and leading her aside. \"You should have been in the hotel by now.\" He whispered, and looked over his shoulder in panic. Something was bothering him. He looked just as paranoid as Nathan was almost an hour before. \"What's going on? Where's Nathan?\" Katherine questioned anxiously. \"Shh...keep it down.\" Warned the father with a low voice. \"He's alright, he left with a certain young samurai somewhere. He should be back soon.\" As Simon spoke in whispers, he nudged his daughter and they kept on walking, rapidly making their way back to the inn. Although, there was truth in his words, he left out the part where the soldiers roughly assaulted the young warrior and were about to beat Nathan as well, had the samurai not protected his friend. Simon had watched the entire scene from the distance. It was truly heartbreaking just how horribly and disrespectfully they treated the samurai. Nevertheless, Simon had no desire to narrate all that to his daughter, who was already on edge and very concerned for Katsumoto and his men. Katherine no longer protested her father, and followed him without further questions. She was so glad that Nathan had been with Nobutada, and according to her father they were both safe. She firmly believed that Nathan would not let any harm come to the young samurai, it was totally out of question. With a small sigh of relief, Katherine quietly continued to trail after her father, who from time to time, looked back to see if they were being followed by Omura's men. Nathan and Nobutada found Ujio and the rest of the samurai group few distance away from the city entrance, seated calmly around a small campfire. The afternoon sun was already slowly setting down and the evening approached the land. It was obvious from Ujio's expressions that he was very anxious and worried. Katsumoto - his lord had been gone all morning since their arrival in the city. He had ordered Ujio and the others including Nobutada, to await him as he went to stand before the Emperor. However, after few hours of no news and no Katsumoto, the young son of the samurai warlord, grew restless and went to find his father or at least find any information about him, on his own. As much as Ujio hated Nobutada's reckless behavior, he had no intention to stop the youth...after all, Nobutada was the leader's son and could handle himself. And also, Ujio too partly supported the young samurai's decision to search for some light after four hours of waiting. Now, six hours had passed in total and Ujio paced back and forth in agitation. Katsumoto was gone, and now Nobutada was not returning; Ujio was just about to go and look for the father and son himself, when Nakao's voice made him turn towards the approaching men. Nobutada and Nathan were moving in a leisurely manner towards them side by side. The American looked different since the last time Ujio had seen him. He was no longer in a military attire, he was wearing a simple brown suit and looked rather grim...little too grim for Ujio's taste. Did something happen? The tough samurai's eyes then trailed from the American to his lord's son next to him. Ujio's eyes widened at the sight of him. Nobutada looked miserable! His hair was disheveled and chopped off in a rough manner. Immediately, Ujio tensed, his heart beating faster and faster, and his hatred towards Omura and his men growing stronger. When the two men finally came up to them, Nathan cleared his throat and began to speak in Japanese. \" Take care of him. He's been hurt.\" The samurai looked over and noticed Nobutada's grief. He was disgraced! His traditional top-knot was cut in a disrespectful manner. His proud samurai posture was fading, as he knelt down quietly. Nakao, who himself had the similar experience once, marched quickly to him and slowly sank to his knees where Nobutada had seated himself, and began to dress his head wounds. Ujio's fury and rage got the best of him, he grabbed his katana and shouted at Nathan. \" WHO DID THIS?! I'LL KILL HIM!\" \" Don't do it! Calm down.\" The American Captain tried to stop the furious samurai. \"That's not gonna help anyone.\" He switched back to English, his voice low and soothing. \"Where is my lord? What did that shameful dog, Omura do to him?\" Ujio didn't shy away from responding in English. His eyes were almost red with anger. \"I'm not sure yet.\" Nathan admitted with disappointment. \"But you have my word, I won't let anything happen to him.\" \"It's my duty to protect Lord Katsumoto, not yours!\" Ujio argued, feeling useless and powerless for the first time. \"I understand that...right now however, Omura has passed laws against all samurai. For you to wonder around the city isn't safe anymore. Katsumoto needs you alive!\" \"That no-good, cocky, son of a bitch.\" Murmured Nakao with resentment. \"So what do you suggest we do? Wait and let that swine kill my lord?\" Ujio questioned in fury, walking closer to Algren, who took a step back cautiously. \"Listen, I know Omura and the men who work around him. I'll deal with them.\" Nathan insisted firmly. \"Right now, the important thing is for all of you to stay alive. Because your lord might need your help tonight. Please, do this for Katsumoto.\" Ujio lifted his eyebrows cynically. \"And we should trust you?\" Nathan had a strong urge to roll his eyes, but before he'd speak, Nobutada said. \"Yes, trust him.\" The young samurai's eyes were meaningful and demanding. Ujio looked back at the American and stared at him in awkward silence for a while. This man was nothing like he imagined him to be. Did he really care so much for Katsumoto's well-being? It was like he belonged with them now. It was obvious that Nathan was on their side...but what if this was an act in order to cunningly trap them all in a web? Westerners weren't reliable. But he looked so sincere and Nobutada trusted him...and his lord also trusted him. And Katherine trusted and admired him. So...With a deep breath, Ujio began to speak. \"Do you have a plan?\" \"A couple, actually.\" Nathan stated confidently. \"You see, first I need to find out what's become of Katsumoto and then, I'll come back and tell you what to do. Will you trust and wait for me?\" It was the moment of truth for Nathan, he needed to know that he had supporters or else, his schemes on helping Katsumoto would fail without doubt. Ujio nodded hesitantly. \"Don't disappoint me, American.\" Nathan sighed in relief. \"Alright, I'll return at night-time. By then, I should know about Katsumoto's fate and we shall act accordingly...\" Once they all agreed on their secret meeting, Algren was about to depart when, Ujio walked up to him, and asked in a low tone. \"How's the girl?\" The Captain snapped his head to face the proud warrior in astonishment. He was taken aback. This guy actually cared about Katherine, didn't he? And yet, Algren had been a real jerk to him about it. But he wasn't entirely at fault...I mean who could imagine rough Ujio to be so soft and caring? No one! This was unbelievable! Katherine managed to charm and bewitch even him? \"She's fine.\" He responded slowly, swallowing the lump in his throat, still surprised at the man's question. \"She's with her father now. She feels at ease.\" That was a good news! Kitty often dreamed of reuniting with her father. Ujio was glad that she was happy at last. She deserved it. The tough samurai smiled slightly at the news. At least Kitty was alright. \"Make sure she stays safe.\" Ujio instructed with a final tilt of his head and turned back to his men. Nathan's eyes lingered on him for few more seconds before he resumed his walk and went to the hotel, still quite shocked at Ujio. The proud warrior grabbed his water vessel, sitting himself close to Nobutada, who gazed at him in amazement and with a victorious beam. Ujio felt downright uncomfortable with his stare, but didn't say anything. Once Nakao got up and left the two samurai, making his way over to the rest of their group at the campfire, the young warrior spoke at last. \" You love her.\" Ujio spat out his drink upon hearing these words, almost choking on it. \" Pardon me?\" \"No need to hide it. I overheard you.\" Nobutada shrugged simply, as if nothing unusual was happening. The older samurai stared at the younger one in pure shock. \" Truth be told, I suspected it for a while, but I was never sure. Now, I became sure.\" He concluded with an assuring nod. Ujio couldn't bring himself to speak, he was frozen, his mouth wouldn't open, and his tongue couldn't form words...he looked at the smart youth before him jaw-dropped. \" It's amazing, isn't it?\" Nobutada continued, gazing up at the sky. \" Even a man like you learned to love. I always looked up to you and yet, I've never been prouder of you as I am today.\" He smiled in triumph, as if he had reached the unreachable. \" Nonsense.\" The tough samurai mumbled quietly. That's all he managed to say. \" Don't be ashamed. Kitty is the best thing that befell on you. She transforms you into a new and much more understanding person. It's rare and beautiful to see.\" The young samurai was so happy his friend apparently had a warm and a loving heart, that he decided to keep Katherine's decision a secret...at least for now. He didn't know if they'd survive and make it out of Tokyo alive. Everything could change. So he definitely wasn't planning on announcing things way too soon. Firstly, they had to save his father, who without doubt was in trouble. And besides, he didn't want to break Ujio's heart by admitting that Katherine had chosen to stay with him in the village. After all, if it were other way around, Nobutada would've been hurt. He silently stood up and left the perplexed Ujio to reflect on all of this. \" You love her.\" Nobutada's words echoed again and again in his mind. Love? Was Ujio capable of such a thing? And towards someone like Katherine? A Westerner? Well, if these conflicted and deep feelings that burned so strongly inside him whenever he thought of the girl, wasn't love... then he didn't know what was.[Chapter 61] Chapter 61 The Eavesdropper It was around 8 o'clock in the evening, when Simon Graham entered his daughter's hotel-room dragging with him his own heavy luggage. \"Ah, curse this.\" He muttered in exhaustion, clasping his hand on his back. \"What are you doing?\" Katherine's soft voice rang from the corner of the room. \"Papa?\" \"Oh, Kitty\" Simon panted heavily. \"I'm getting too old for this.\" Immediately, the young woman rushed to her father and gave him a hand with the baggage. After placing it gently on the ground with his girl's help, Simon turned and shut the door behind him in a clumsy fashion. He removed his hat and took a seat, still trying to catch his breath. \"Papa, will you answer me? What are you doing? What's going on?\" Katherine ran out of patience at last, her hands flying to her hips. \"Omura's men are everywhere, my girl. They're spying on us!\" \"I know that.\" Katherine replied, her eyes focusing on her father's luggage. \"But what's that got to do with anything?\" She tilted her head towards the packed bags. \"Captain Algren thinks it'll be wiser if I let them think that I'm sailing back to England.\" Simon said, speaking in a low voice. \"You see, this very evening, Captain turned down Omura's offer and told him that he'll be going back to America soon.\" Katherine let out a soft gasp upon hearing these words. She was beginning to worry for everyone who was going up against Omura. That man seemed like a cunning devil. \"And let me tell you, Kitty.\" Graham started with a warning, shaking his finger at her. \"Omura will become rather impatient with anyone who isn't on the team. I smell danger, and I don't like it one bit.\" He finished firmly, standing up and this time, walking towards Katherine's belongings. \"Wait, he isn't really sailing for America, is he?\" The young woman questioned as her gaze followed her nervous father, who started packing his daughter's bags, grabbing her personal belongings. \"What are you doing with my stuff?\" \"Of course he isn't leaving and neither am I. He has a plan of some sort to help Katsumoto.\" \"What's the plan? How are we going to help?\" Katherine asked anxiously, placing her hand on her father's shoulder. \"There's no 'we', Kitty.\" Simon threw in almost instantly. \"You'll be sailing back to London on the first boat. So come, help me pack.\" The British linguist picked the girl's journal with an intention to place it in the bag securely, but Katherine snatched it from his hands. Her cheeks were red with anger and her lips formed into a pout. \"No! I'm not going anywhere!\" \"Kitty, don't be such a child.\" Simon pleaded with a sigh. He knew how strong-headed and stubborn Katherine could be if she had her heart sat on something. She hadn't changed much from her younger self when it came to that aspect. \"I've lost you once, I can't lose you again. You need to be safe.\" \"Father, you have no rights to send me away like this.\" Katherine continued desperately. \"I'm not a little girl anymore. I'm perfectly capable of taking care of myself. I'm not leaving! It's out of the question.\" She crossed her arms determined. \"For heaven's sakes, Kitty...do as I say.\" The father insisted, shaking his daughter's shoulders. \"No.\" The girl said firmly and escaped her father's grip. \"Oh, this is all my fault.\" Simon facepalmed himself, shaking his head in anguish. \"I should've left you in London with your aunt. She warned me that Japan was no place for a lady, but a foolish wretch that I am...I didn't listen. I was selfish! I wanted you all to myself.\" Simon continued to whine to himself. Katherine watched her father in sympathy, she hated to fight him on this. He looked so frustrated and scared. However, she belonged here now...her place was with a certain samurai warrior. She was not planning on leaving by all means. She had dealt with so much over the past eight months that Omura didn't frighten her anymore. \"I'm sorry papa,\" Katherine spoke gently. \"but I'm a big girl now...you don't have to protect me all the time. I can make my own decisions, alright?\" She lifted her chin proudly. Simon gazed at his girl in awe, she had grown up so much and looked so much like her mother. For a moment, his heart began to skip a beat. \"Oh, Kitty.\" He started, knowing that the girl had conquered this fight. \"You have your mother's spirit.\" He beamed brightly, moving closer to her. He was always too soft of a father especially when it came to his only daughter. \"As you wish, my girl. If you are so determined, then I won't pressure you no more.\" He pressed his lips on her forehead. \"Thank you, father.\" Katherine smiled and hugged him tight. \"But nevertheless, you shall stay away from danger.\" Simon informed her after they broke their embrace. Katherine wanted to protest however, if she really wanted to stay in Japan...she had to listen to her father, at least on this. \"Alright. I will.\" She sighed. Meanwhile, right across from their room, Algren was in his own chamber, going through his personal belongings. A half drunk bottle of whiskey was nearby. Nathan shook his head, the last time he drank from it was eight months ago, on the eve of the battle against samurai. He opened up his suitcase and carefully placed the calligraphy scroll given to him by Higen. His eyes lingered on it for few seconds, as the good memories of him in the village surfaced on his mind. How he wished to be with them again...with her most of all. The door opened suddenly, and the very irritating voice that never failed to make his lip recoil in disgust rang in his ear. \"Heard you were leaving.\" Bagley entered, tall and proud. Nathan took a deep breath, inwardly praying to have patience and stay collected with this snake. Even though, the mere sight of him was simply unbearable for the Captain. \"It's interesting indeed,\" Bagley kept on, standing next to Nathan with a sly smirk. \"Omura offers you my job, and you run away. I suppose I should thank you.\" His eyes scanned the room and were fixed on the suitcase. Rudely, he threw Nathan's promised salary in the bag and smiled. \"$500 a month, including back pay for the time spent in...'captivity'. Enough to climb back inside a bottle for the rest of your life.\" Nathan didn't respond, he stood frozen and unmoved, not even blinking. \"You're welcome.\" Hissed Bagley threw his teeth. Nathan slightly turned his head to him, with a raise of his eyebrows, as if indicating him to depart and leave his room at once. \"You know, it's funny...\" Bagley started, not taking the hint, annoying Nathan even more in the process. \"Omura certainly seemed obsessed with you...he so wanted you back on the team. Why do you think that is?\" His voice had a jealous tone to it. \"Could it be my nose isn't permanently lodged up his ass?\" Nathan suggested. Bagley rolled his eyes with a shake of his head. \"Well, it's pretty much over. Katsumoto's under arrest. Omura won't let him last the night.\" He announced with a snobby smirk, knowing that whatever he was saying displeased Nathan greatly. \"With him dead, we should have little trouble handling the rebellion...even without you.\" Nathan looked indifferent and unnerved with this horrible news, deep inside however, everything pounded, his heart raced, his stomach dropped with anger, he wanted to let out his frustrations on the bastard standing next to him. Still Bagley managed to pick up something from his inwardly controlled expression and added in a low tone. \"...Especially without you.\" Again, Nathan remained silent not lifting his eyes from the suitcase. Bagley was about to give up and leave his presence at last, when he remembered a thing that bothered him very much. \"Just tell me one thing.\" He paused before opening the door, his eyes studying the stoic Captain. \"Grahams. Will they leave as well? As far as I can tell, you've already claimed that girl as yours.\" \"She's not a piece of meat, Colonel.\" Snapped Nathan, finally turning his head and facing the sneaky man behind him. \"Ah, so I was right.\" Concluded Bagley with disappointment. \"She belongs to you now, doesn't she?\" His eyes were darkened with jealousy and silent anger. \"Katherine is not a possession!\" Correct Nathan loudly, coming up close to him. Their faces few inches away from one another. \"She's not one of those girls you played with. And she doesn't belong to anyone, you hear!\" \"So touchy...\" Remarked Bagley with a sneer. \"What is it, then? You love her? You suddenly learned to become a family man?\" His face was mixed up with mocking and bitter countenance. \"Or did you make her your personal whore?\" He growled. That was the very moment when Nathan completely lost it. Bagley was practically asking for it since the very beginning, but his final words stung Nathan so hard that with a huge swing of his fist, he plastered a painful punch right in the man's ugly face. \"Get out of here, you son of bitch!\" Exclaimed he with a boiling anger, looking like an enraged tiger. Bagley tumbled over, losing his balance with such an unexpected blow and fell on the hard floor. He needed few minutes to regain his composure. \"I said get out, you bastrad!\" Shouted Nathan once more, grabbing him by the collar and shoving him out of the room. \"You'll pay for this insolence, Nathan!\" Bagley cried as the furious Captain slammed the door in his face. \"Damn him.\" Muttered Bagley afterwards, and began walking away when another door of the room right across from Algren's opened. Katherine came out with a same cream colored beautiful dress that clung to her in all the right places, and moved towards Nathan's quarters. Immediately, Bagley hid himself in a corner behind a big white vase. The girl entered the Captain's compound rather confidently, without a knock or anything formal. This behaviour intrigued the Colonel even more, he already knew why that was...they were lovers without doubt. But now, he wanted to witness and see it for himself. Swiftly, he moved towards Nathan's room once more and placed his ear on the door, listening patiently and anxiously. He was desperate to hear anything that would give away the secret lovers. At the same time, this deeply hurt him. Having Nathan as a competition was unpleasant and ever-so irritating. Katherine found Nathan standing close to his bed and staring at his own suitcase, he looked a little disheveled and...tired? \"Nathan, are you alright?\" \"Oh, Katherine.\" He was genuinely startled. \"I'm fine. I wasn't expecting you, that's all.\" \"How are the samurai?\" The girl questioned eagerly. \"Is Katsumoto alright? And Nobutada...father told me that you accompanied him somewhere.\" Bagley was slightly confused. Surely these two lovebirds had other things to talk about rather wasting their time with some samurai. Nevertheless, he continued to listen and absorb every word he heard from behind the door. \"Katsumoto's men are fine, but Katsumoto himself was arrested.\" Nathan said with a heavy heart, earning a horrified gasp from the young woman. \"Oh, no. Will he be alright?\" The girl asked innocently, and Nathan didn't know wether to smile at her naivety or just tell her the truth. Again, with the samurai! Seriously? These two had NOTHING to do or talk about? How about a little confession of love or a kiss, perhaps? Bagley shook his head, this was rather too strange. \"Omura's planning to execute him tonight.\" Nathan blurted, his voice cold, his eyes fuming. He was mad at Bagley, at Omura...at everyone who was trying to destroy the people he had come to love. \"Good heavens!\" Katherine cried in horror, clasping her hand over her mouth. \"That can't be. We must do something.\" She walked up to the American and took his hands in hers earnestly. \"Save him.\" \"Don't worry, I've got a plan.\" Nathan assured calmly. \"We'll 'bail' him out.\" Like hell you will! Bagley thought bitterly and continued to eavesdrop on the conversation. So, if these traitors thought that they wouldn't get caught...well, they had another thing coming! Backstabbing, lying, manipulative, unbelievable traitors! \"What must we do?\" \"No 'we' Katherine. Just me...and maybe your father. But you shall remain behind...here. Where you'll be safe.\" Nathan decided, remembering Ujio's request to keep the girl safe no matter what. Simon Graham's daughter frowned, unsatisfied with the response she had received. \"Not you too.\" She murmured softly and sighed. \"I won't just sit here like a poky old woman. I have to do something for Katsumoto...oh please, take me with you.\" Katsumoto this, Katsumoto that! These two really needed some lessons on sexual flirtation and socializing of men and women. Whatever they were doing was just pathetic. Poor loser...Nathan didn't even know what to do with a woman. Bagley rolled his eyes and kept listening to every single word. \"Katherine! I've made up my mind.\" Nathan stated determined. He was not soft as her father, and was not planning to give in. \"This is not up for discussion, you must simply obey.\" He told her firmly and exhaled \"It's too dangerous.\" \"Look, you don't understand I HAVE to be there. I HAVE to help!\" Katherine threw her hands in the air hysterically. \"Okay, what's wrong with you? Why are you fighting me on this?\" Nathan asked suspicious. \"You're acting odd.\" Odd?! They were both CRAZY! Bagley couldn't believe this idiotic conversation right now. These two were just little too obsessed with Katsumoto...it was downright unnatural. He knew that Nathan and Katherine had switched sides and had come to admire those barbarians, but he didn't realize that even their own private conversations revolved around samurai. Talk about pathetic! \"You are hiding something...what is it?\" Nathan demanded and crossed his arms in an older brotherly fashion. Katherine huffed, shutting her eyes for a second, there was no escaping Nathan's senses, was there? This wasn't how she imagined on telling him about her decision. Oh well... here it comes. \"I've agreed to stay with Nobutada in the village.\" \"You did what?\" Nathan exclaimed in shock. \"He loves me and I love him. I won't find anyone like him even if I searched the ends of the earth.\" Katherine explained romantically, her eyes sparkling like stars. \"He is so selfless, kind, brave and just simply amazing. I can't let him get away. I'm staying with him.\" She lifted her chin in determination and smiled proudly. \"I'm happy with my choice...because it's the right one. No one will ever love me so much.\" Bagley stopped breathing. What just happened?! \"So you are marrying him?\" Nathan asked stunned. \"I suppose I am.\" Katherine laughed and tucked her stray lock behind her ear. \"I'll stay with him in the village. I belong with him.\" Bagley's eyes were wide as saucers, he was never the one to doubt himself but right now...he felt like he had indeed misheard something. Was this a joke? It had to be a joke! Did Katherine honestly admit her love for a...a SAMURAI?! Was she insane? Did she completely and utterly lose her wits? Bagley stumbled, almost falling on his knees with this shocking and unsuspected revelation. No, he knew that they had developed an attachment and had come to sympathize with the enemy...but THIS MUCH? Even he wouldn't guess this outrage! This abnormal behaviour! \"Well, what can I say?\" Nathan replied after a moment of silence. \"Congratulations to you both.\" He walked forward and pulled Katherine in a tight embrace. \"You deserve to be happy...both of you.\" He smiled happily and kissed her cheek. \"Thank you, Nathan.\" Purred Kitty brightly \"I'm gonna miss you.\" He admitted with a small, sad smile. \"You know you can stay as well, right?\" Nathan took a deep breath, as if waking up from a sweet dream. \"Look, I need to help Katsumoto right now. We got off topic.\" \"Of course, of course.\" Katherine nodded eagerly. \"Shall I tell father?\" \"No. As I said, you have to stay here, and I don't care if you're marrying the Emperor himself.\" He said rather sternly and gripped Katherine by the shoulder, leading her towards the exit. \"Stay. And tell your father to wait for me. Both of you remain in your chamber and lock the door.\" He warned seriously. Bagley realized that they were finishing the conversation so quickly he backed away and left them in a full haste. \"Await my arrival. Do you hear?\" \"Alright.\" Katherine gave in at last. \"Does your father know?\" Nathan asked before the girl would exit. Kitty lifted her eyebrows questionably. \"About the marriage?\" \"Not yet...I'm planning on telling him as soon as all this is over.\" Katherine said calmly, looking hopeful and innocent. Oh, if only this could end so easily. Nathan knew how tragic and hopeless Katsumoto's rebellion actually was. If he carried down that path together with his men, they would surely be wiped out by the new and highly trained Imperial Army. He didn't have the heart to tell the truth to the bright and full of life girl. Katherine was somewhat happy and joyful...he didn't wish to crash all her hopes and fantasies in one night. Bagley felt like he was sleepwalking...or maybe he was a ghost gliding in a haunted mansion. Either way, he was pale and resembled a dead person. Katherine's news had bewildered him on so many levels, he was shocked and horrified at the disgusting revelation. His head was spinning and he wanted to throw up somewhere, preferably on someone. He had often been very jealous of Nathan in many aspects...people always seemed to praise him no matter what. Despite the fact that he was the superior officer of Algren, Omura still wanted Nathan to work for him...Bagley was just something that came with the territory. He was always a second choice! While everyone praised and admired Nathan Algren's techniques, nobody ever gave any thoughts to Bagley's accomplishments. That quite frankly, made his blood boil with fury. Besides, it didn't seem like Nathan was trying...he was a stupid drunkard. How could people love him so? Ugh, Bagley hated Algren and most importantly his cocky attitude. He could feel Nathan's obvious distaste in him since the Indians Wars and from that moment on, silent animosity was established between the two men. When Bagley arrived in Tokyo, his attention was quickly and swiftly caught by the beautiful visage of Katherine Graham. She was young, pretty and looked like a rare pearl compared to the other women he had been with. Now Bagley was not getting any younger. He was close to 36 years and it was mandatory for him to settle down and find a wife. By no means did he wish to remain a bachelor for so long. It was fun while it lasted. But after becoming a well-known United States Military Commander, he began to think about his offspring and his future. He didn't wish to die without leaving his legacy to his wife and children...it would be ideal if he had sons. Oh, how nice it would be if he had four strong, strapping boys. Katherine was exactly what he was looking for in a wife. She was beautiful, alluring, soft, graceful, with a quick-witted personality and came from an accomplished family. Not only would she satisfy his needs physically, but she would be a great mother too. From the very moment he met the girl, he tried his very best to charm and court her. But she wasn't like any of those silly women he had met. She wouldn't be controlled and manipulated by him. And of course, his desperate attempts to woo her failed at the garden party...she wouldn't even dance with him. Then his rather rude and unforgiven manner or speech towards Kitty's dull father, got the very best of him. He had indeed crossed the line when he insulted her sick father! That was when Bagley realized that Katherine would never want him as a husband. Trying to steal a kiss didn't work either...she had smacked him immediately. In short, Bagley was rejected, dismissed, and doomed. So what was he supposed to do with this irritating and proud girl? After a lot of thinking, he came up with a malicious and a cruel plan: He would make her come to him. One way or another...he would get her! Bagley ultimately decided to force the poor girl to the battle against Samurai, blackmail and frighten her. She was so vulnerable without her father...she was a perfect prey. He believed that by doing this, the young woman would become so afraid of facing the scary warriors that should would crawl back to him and ask him for deliverance. Any normal woman would do so and finally, he would have her in his claws. To his utter disappointment, that did not happen! Katherine bravely went to the battle and remained by Nathan's side. Things had gone far beyond that! Bagley was willing to cope with the fact that Nathan had claimed Katherine as his own. However, even THAT wasn't the truth. She had shamelessly and disgracefully fallen in love with some...some...disgusting, dirty, rotten savage! Bagley wanted to vomit! This was simply unbearable. To lose to Nathan was one thing...he was used to it. But to lose to some imbecile with bows and errors was too much! He wouldn't go that low. NEVER! Bagley was determined to find out who this Nobutada was. And what on earth he represented! Another remarkable thing was that Bagley never memorized foreign names...since his arrival in Japan, the only name he bothered to learn was Omura. However, the terrifying news about Katherine's mortifying marriage steered him so, that he actually made sure to know the name of that very samurai who had managed to outsmart him. Who managed to win the girl and claim her. Who was he? Bagley was dying with curiosity and at the same time, he was blinded by jealousy and rage. In just a second, Katherine had managed to break him down completely. He felt like he would pass out with envy. \"A Samurai? F**ing samurai?\" He asked himself again and again. He dug his nails in his own skull, almost drawing blood. He gnashed his teeth with fury, his eyes crazed with humiliation and jealousy. \"Colonel Bagley?\" Japanese Lieutenant's voice snapped him from his insane thoughts. \"What do you want? Damn you.\" Muttered the anguished Colonel and faced the man in front of him. \"I was just-\" The man started to mumble, feeling intimidated by the furious American. \"Nobutada.\" Bagley blurted suddenly. The Japanese Lieutenant looked at him in silence, not getting him at all. \"For godsakes Seto, who is Nobutada?\" Bagley burst impatiently. \"Saito.\" Corrected the Lieutenant firmly. Bagley rolled his eyes, he could care less about this moron. \"Lieutenant Saito,\" he started with a deep breath, trying very hard to sound polite \"Who is the samurai Nobutada?\" He questioned desperately. Lieutenant quieted for a while, as if considering his question. \"I need an answer, man. Speak up.\" Insisted the crazed Colonel. \"He is mostly known as the Golden Samurai.\" Saito explained afterwards. \"Don't you know? He is the only son of Moritsugu Katsumoto, or as you would call Katsumoto Moritsugu. He is his pride and hope.\" Bagley let out a small and quiet gasp. Son?! \"I didn't know Katsumoto had a son.\" He murmured dumbfounded. Not even waiting for a response from the Japanese officer, he promptly turned hot on his heels and carried on with his dark thoughts. No! Some uncivilized savage would not steal anything from him! Especially a girl like Katherine! Colonel Bagley would make sure of that! Oh yes, he had plots of his own, and he was not planning on giving up without a fight. A fight which he would win! This 'golden' samurai would pay dearly with his life...tonight would be his last day on this earth. And as for Katherine, he would have her one way or another. Bagley consoled himself with these thoughts and went to inform Omura of Nathan, Katherine, and Simon Graham's treachery. Leave reviews! Thanks for all the support. As always, I love reading your opinions.[Chapter 62] Chapter 62 The Waiting Game It was midnight in Tokyo, the streets had cleared up, the people had retreated to their homes, the busy chattering had seized, the shops were closed and it was absolutely still and quiet. Back in the hotel quarters, the British father and daughter had been waiting for their American friend, who had given them instructions to remain in the chamber until he returned from God-knows where. Four hours had passed and yet, there was no sign of the brave Captain. Katherine, exhausted and overwhelmed with the entire day's occurrences had fallen asleep. Indeed, so much had happened since her return that just one day, already felt like a whole week. It was simply unbelievable! That very morning, at early dawn, she had left the Samurai Village, that afternoon, she had reunited with her father and met with Omura, that late afternoon, she had been saved by Nobutada from the hateful Imperial soldiers. She had met with the young, samurai warrior yet again, despite for thinking that they'd never see each other. On top of that, she shocked herself by admitting her growing love and admiration for the young warrior and agreed to stay with him. As the evening approached, she had been sternly ordered by Nathan to remain in her room till he returned. So here Katherine was, together with her father, in her own hotel-room patiently waiting for Nathan. However, it wasn't long until both the father and the daughter started nodding off in this silent and nerve-wrecking waiting game. Katherine lay on her bed, still wearing her day-dress, her eyes tightly shut, and her breasts rising up and down in a peaceful sleep. Simon Graham had too snoozed in a nearby chair, his head was hung, the book he'd been reading was still open as he snored loudly. After half an hour of absolute tranquility, a sharp rapid knock on the door, awoke the restful father and daughter. Before the elder linguist could come around and fully open his eyes, Katherine already flew up from her bed and opened the door, only to find her American friend looking warn-out, out of breath, and very disheveled. \"Goodness me!\" Cried the girl in horror, waving Nathan inside as quick as possible. \"What happened to you? Is that blood?\" She questioned, upon noticing red droplets on the Captain's brown suit. \"Keep it down, I'm fine.\" Nathan assured in whispers as he firmly shut the door behind him. \"Don't worry, the blood isn't mine.\" \"May I ask what befell on you, dear Captain?\" Simon said, taking his glasses and putting them on gently. \"What took you so long?\" Katherine threw in impatiently, her brows knitted in concern. \"One at a time, please.\" Algren told the worried friends, his eyes fixed on something in center of the room. Instantly, he walked over to Simon's photo-camera equipment, struck with an idea. \"Is this yours Mr. Graham?\" \"Yes, it is.\" Simon replied somewhat confused. \"But I don't see how that has-\" \"We're taking it and you're coming with me.\" Nathan spoke determined, attempting to grab the equipment. Simon's eyes almost fell out of its shells as he ran up to him in panic. \"Careful, I beg you! Careful!\" He quickly took the camera from Nathan. \"This costs a fortune, I tell you.\" Katherine crossed her arms in annoyance, she was so tired of the secretive American. Why couldn't he just explain his schemes properly? Weren't they friends? She deserved to know the truth! She huffed and started chewing on her bottom lip. \"Nathan, will you ever answer me? What happened to you? What is going on?\" She rained down these questions afterwards. \"I was attacked.\" Nathan responded in a blunt manner. \"Omura sent his bodyguard and nine others to assassinate me.\" He paused and stared at petrified Simon and Katherine. \"And boy, did they fail their mission.\" Nathan smirked with a victorious glee. \"So they know, then?\" Katherine asked, her voice shaking a little. \"It's safe to say, yes.\" Algren spoke sarcastically and turned his attention to the elderly man. \"Mr. Graham, I'm sure after all the research you've done about the samurai, you'd love to photograph them in their native habitat.\" \"It'll be an honor.\" Simon bowed, pleasantly surprised. \"W-what's the meaning of this?\" Katherine questioned, frustrated and confused. \"Alright, Mr Graham, grab the equipment and follow me. We don't have much time.\" Nathan ignored the girl's question and started firing instructions. Without a second thought, the British linguist secured his camera and picked it up, shooting Kitty a side glance. \"Katherine,\" Nathan turned back to the girl afterwards, but before he'd continue to speak, the girl interrupted. \"I know, I know...wait here, lock the door, stay safe and so on.\" She rumbled on with a roll of her eyes. \"Kitty, it's for your own good.\" Simon interfered in a fatherly fashion. The young woman said no more, as she silently watched the men before her make all the decisions. What could she do? In a way, they were right to make her stay. She wasn't exactly a fighter and the Japanese society wasn't used to seeing a woman in places like dungeons, military fields, and the samurai. On top of that, she was also a foreigner...it was a dangerous world out there. However, her heart still went out to the people she mostly cared about. Somehow it didn't seem fair to her to let them do all the fighting while she was comfortably waiting in her hotel-room. By doing this, they'd be more relieved and concentrated on things that really mattered. So Katherine was ready to obey! \"She knows the drill, don't worry Mr Graham, Katherine is a bright woman. She won't disobey us. Right Kitty?\" Nathan asked firmly, lifting her eyebrows meaningfully. \"We don't need any distractions while helping Katsumoto.\" \"Of course,\" Katherine agreed right away. \"Please, just hurry and save him.\" The two men nodded and started to exit, when the girl quickly realized one particular problem and stopped them. \"Nathan, here.\" She said, rapidly bringing him a clean suit of her father's. \"Wear this...it's papa's. And take that hideous thing off. They might become suspicious if they notice blood.\" Nathan grateful slipped the fresh cloak. \"Oh, that's a great idea. You wouldn't mind, Mr. Graham?\" \"Of course, not.\" The man smiled and shook his head. \"Actually, that suit has become rather tight for me as of late.\" \"You don't say.\" Chuckled Nathan and faced Katherine once more. \"Thank you.\" He told her sweetly. The young woman smiled gently, she went up and kissed her father and then briefly hugged Nathan. \"Do be careful, both of you.\" \"We'll come back for you.\" Nathan assured with a tender tone. \"I promise.\" Omura set late in his office, and kept going through the trade agreement one more time. Part of him was also bit anxious. Two rather important things had to be finished by tomorrow. Katsumoto needed to be executed...it would be ideal if he ended his own miserable life. He would! Omura assured himself. Katsumoto was a proud samurai, he wouldn't have it any other way. The Japanese businessman looked down at his pocket watch, wondering where his loyal bodyguard had disappeared. He should've killed the American by now. After Bagley had informed him of Nathan Algren's treachery, Omura waisted no time. He almost immediately gave orders to assassinate the American Captain. Truth be told, Omura saw that one coming, he was having doubts about both Nathan and Katherine since their return. That was the very reason why he sent his men to spy on them. That very late afternoon, Omura had received a word that Nathan had interfered and tried to protect Katsumoto's son from the Imperial Army. And as if this news wasn't enough to disappoint him, Bagley had come to him few hours later and had shared the details of Nathan and Katherine's conversation. He had found out all about their treacherous plan! What a disgrace! Omura felt betrayed and back-stabbed. Both Nathan and Katherine had denied to work for him and stay on his side. The treasonous little rats had become intrigued with Katsumoto and his men, they had switch sides without remorse. In truth, Omura couldn't blame them...it was only expected. Katsumoto was no tyrant and the way of the samurai had its appeal. But that did not justify their actions. The American needed to die! If he wasn't with him and his cause, it meant that he was against him! And Omura had worked pretty damn hard to come this far, he was not planning to let the rebellion last so long. Let alone, allow this American spoil everything! Tonight, both Katsumoto and Nathan would leave this world! They had to die! They would finally stop standing in his way! As for the young woman and her goonish father, well...he'd deal with them later. Omura let out a heavy exhale...just how much more would his men make him wait? He sent 10 men! They had to be finished with Nathan by now! Frustrations grew stronger as Omura's waiting game continued. All good things to those who wait! He told himself over and over. He knew what his next moves were but right now, he needed to be patient. Meanwhile Katherine, in order to pass time, and stop herself from worrying so much, picked her favourite book 'David Copperfield' by Charles Dickens and began to read. After finishing the first two chapters, she stood up and started pacing back and forth. Her stomach was twitching with worry, nots kept forming inside her and she had a lump stuck in her throat. She hoped that all the horrible scenarios that played in her mind would just vanish. Yet, her distress didn't seem to go away, quite the opposite, she thought she'd go insane with all these thoughts. What if her papa and Nathan were in trouble? What if they were late to stop Katsumoto's death? What if... Before she'd do anything foolish, Katherine took out her mother's journal and found Magojiro's cherry blossom petal secured in it. A small tear spilled from her sea colored eye as she recalled her easy and rather tranquil life in the village. If only things could be so light-hearted again. Just then, Katherine heard a knock on the door, that made her flinch in fright. Shutting the diary, she slowly went over to open it. Her heart began beating faster in nervousness...who was it? Could it be? Nathan and her father were back already? With a deep breath, she opened the door and to her utter horror, found Colonel Bagley smirking at her. He was dressed in his military uniform and didn't look like a man retiring for the night at all. \"Miss Graham,\" He greeted with a small tilt of his head. Instantly, blood started to drain from her body and she became all pale. What was she supposed to do? What did this snake want from her? With a determined mind set, she decided to stand her ground no matter what. This man shouldn't notice her fear! \"Colonel, I wasn't expecting you so late.\" She responded, sounding oblivious to all. \"Oh, have I disturbed you?\" Bagley looked rather concerned. \"A little bit. You see, I was already asleep.\" Katherine told him with a frown, hoping that this act would make him go away, and started to close the door. \"Is that why you're still wearing your day-dress?\" Bagley asked sharply, catching Katherine in an obvious lie, pushing the door back open. The young woman froze for a second in alarm, before responding. \"My clothes shouldn't concern you, Colonel.\" She narrowed her eyes at him. \"Why are you here at this hour?\" \"Where is your father?\" Bagley demanded arrogantly, trying to forcefully move through the door. \"Don't tempt me, little girl. I know all about your devious schemes.\" \"What are you talking about?\" Katherine replied, her voice breaking a bit, trying her best to remain composed. \"I know about Nathan's plan. I'm sure that's where your father is right now as well...playing the hero, saving Katsumoto, right?\" He vigorously pressed hard against the door, causing Katherine to stumble back and stare intently at him. \"Stay away from me!\" She exclaimed loudly, taking few steps back. \"Just leave!\" Colonel Bagley let out an amused chuckle and shook his head. \"Miss Katherine Graham, I'm afraid you're being arrested and charged with treason against the Emepror himself!\" Bagley announced with an air of importance. Before Katherine could process his words and realize what was happening, two Japanese soldiers entered the room. \"Seize her!\" Bagley ordered instantly, and the men walked over and grabbed Katherine by the shoulders on each side. \"No! Wait!\" Katherine cried in panic and started to struggle. \"Take her away!\" Bagley yelled on top of his lungs. The soldiers swiftly dragged the young woman as she tried her best to break free. \"Let go off me!\" \"You brought this up on yourself.\" Bagley spoke casually and trailed behind them, sneering at his triumph. He was deliberately doing nothing at the moment, knowing that he'd gain a big advantage later. Oh yes, he would! That was the moment when Katherine realized that she was indeed in a big trouble.[Chapter 63] Chapter 63 Darkest Hour As the silver moon illuminated the dark sky, Simon Graham and Nathan Algren were sitting in a rickshaw carried by a mysterious ronin, and followed by other 'humble' bearers. Everyone was quiet, each of them reflecting on everything that had to pass in few minutes. Once they reached the gate of Katsumoto's compound, Nathan tensed upon seeing the guards with firearms over their shoulders. \"Whatever you do, don't stop.\" He whispered to Simon, and glanced at the mysterious bearers standing behind them, ready to execute his wishes at any second. Simon swallowed nervously and climbed out of the rickshaw and together with Nathan, started to slowly approach the Imperial guards. Almost instantly, the guard started to yell in Japanese. \" Stop! Don't come any closer!\" Clearly panicked, Simon took a step back but Nathan nudged him on confidently. The British linguist nodded at him quickly and turned back to the guard, trying to adopt his most imperious tone. \" Minister Omura has commanded us to photograph the traitor-\" casually, he grabbed a piece of paper from the silent ronin and showed it to the guards, who were still very suspicious. The two Westerners continued to move towards them, trying to look assuring and serious. \" Stop! Somebody!\" Screamed another guard, feeling hopeless. Algren and Graham kept walking forward, as Graham confidently motioned again to one of his bearers. \"Bring the camera equipment here now! Immediately!\" Noticing that the bearers started to move around, the guard put himself in front of them forcefully. \"Stop! All of you!\" Another guard pulled out his sword aiming it at Nathan in alarm. Things were about to come out of control when Graham spoke up loudly facing the guards. \" You insolent, useless son of a peasant dog! How dare you show your sword in his presence! Do you know wh-who this is?\" He stuttered a bit, pointing at Nathan. Ugh, he needed to think of someone important... fast! \" Th-this is the ah...President of United States of America! He is here to lead our armies in victorious battle against the rebels!\" Nathan shut his eyes, they were totally discovered! His mission had failed...it was lost. \" This is not my responsibility...\" The guard started confused, staring at the two men in front of him. \"Silence! You peasant!\" Exclaimed Simon much more meaningfully, as hope returned to Algren. Now get over there and help those men with their equipment!\" The linguist demanded once again. There was silence, a moment of doubt...Graham had run out of steam, he didn't know what else to say. But the job seemed to be done somewhat and suddenly the guard bowed apologetically, turning to the others and instructing them to help the bearers with the unloading. Slowly, Graham and Algren continued to head inside and one of the guards followed them. A relief spread over the two men and Simon looked like he was going to pass out from all the stress he went through. \"President of the United States?...\" Muttered Nathan under his breath. \"I think I'm going to be sick.\" Admitted the emotionally drained Englishman. Algren and Graham, followed by the equipment-laden guard and one of their mysterious bearers, approached a doorway where two more guards stood watch. The first guard addressed them and explained why the two Westerners were there. They bowed instantly and the screen was pulled open to reveal Katsumoto kneeling with his back turned. Upon hearing the noise, he snapped his head, looking up as if seeing an apparition. \"How's your poem coming?\" Nathan asked him with a smile. \"The end is proving difficult.\" Responded the leader of the warriors pleasantly surprised with the American's sudden appearance. The bearer entered and set down the heavy equipment, then abruptly left and closed the screen door. \"This is Mr. Simon Graham, Katherine's father. He's been very helpful in gaining permission to take your photograph.\" Algren presented the English translator to Katsumoto, who bowed at the samurai in great reverence. Katsumoto nodded with a small smile in acknowledgement. \" A great honor.\" Simon mumbled softly and bowed again. \"I thought you returned to America. Back to your country...all of you.\" Katsumoto stated, deeply surprised and yet happy to see his friend again. \"Well, we decided to stay and see if we could convince you to escape.\" \"And how do you plan to do that?\" Questioned the samurai warlord. Almost in that very second, a loud thud was heard in the adjacent room. Algren turned and knowingly opened the door, only to see that the last guard dropped dead on the floor while the others already lay motionless. The bearer stood holding the bloody sword, he removed the hat and then bowed to Katsumoto. It was Ujio! Seeing his right-hand man encouraged Katsumoto and he quickly stood up, ready to take action. Ujio picked up the dead guards' swords and handed them to Algren to pass to Katsumoto. \"Mr. Graham, perhaps you would care to take pictures of my village.\" The leader suggested, as a shadow of another guard passed the shoji screen. \"I would be greatly honoured.\" Simon smiled and bowed, giving a sword to Algren and all of them ran out of the room, passing the dead bodies of the guards. It was going to be difficult, but each of them was determined to safely get Katsumoto out of there! Some were even ready to lay down their lives for him. Omura was far from happy when he heard that not only did his men fail to assassinate Nathan Algren, but they were all wiped out by him including his personal bodyguard. Now with Nathan on the loose, it was certain that he'd try to free the samurai rebel as well. \"You idiots! \" Cried the round man, slamming his fists on the desk. \" Make sure he won't go near Katsumoto! Kill them both!\" He shouted loudly at the other guards who ran to execute his wishes. Yes, it's safe to say that Minister Omura was very furious with the current turn of events. His face was all red, he had turned into a big tomato thanks to Algren. With fuming eyes, he paced back and forth in his office, wishing he could strike someone out of frustration. Just when Omura thought that things couldn't get any worse, another soldier entered panting. \" Omura-san, the American and couple of samurai are helping Katsumoto escape. A word just came from the Imperial guards.\" That was when Omura lost it. He grabbed the soldier by the shoulders, vigorously shaking him. \" Do something, you fool! Send more guards! Don't come back until they're all dead!\" He spat, pushing the terrified man out of the office and slamming the door in his face. All of Omura's worst nightmares were coming true in just one night. Before he'd completely go insane, Bagley came in, very disturbed with the latest news himself. \"I warned you about Nathan, didn't I? See, what trouble he's causing!\" \"I was wrong! I was wrong to trust that traitor.\" Omura said, looking like he was about to faint. \"This can't be happening. What must we do Colonel? You are the military man here!\" He shouted, sounding like a man possessed. Bagley smirked... Oh, so now he needed him?! \"Don't worry I've sent the trained army after them, they won't make it out alive, I assure you.\" \"What makes you so sure?!\" Screamed the Japanese businessman and he sat down, wiping sweat from his forehead, trying hard to calm his nerves. \"For starters, they aren't many. We'll wipe them out in a second with our strong army.\" Bagley's voice was cool and controlled. He was a man who had everything planned out from the moment he heard about Katherine and Nathan's treachery. \"What if Katsumoto and the American will escape in the mountains?\" Omura asked panicked. \"They won't.\" \"What do you mean?\" \"You're forgetting that Simon Graham is also among them. Now, why would a loving father leave his daughter behind?\" Omura paused, thinking about Bagley's words for a minute. \"I'm afraid I don't understand.\" He spoke afterwards, still highly confused about the matter. Bagley turned proudly and motioned the two Japanese soldiers that stood out the door something. Immediately, they entered, dragging the struggling Katherine with them. Omura gasped in shock and Bagley had a victorious smirk on his face. The guards pushed the young woman into a kneeling position and yanked her head up forcefully, so that she could face the two men in front of her. \"This is why, Mr. Omura. They won't leave because of her...as long as we've got her as leverage, the odds are in our favour.\" Intrigued at this new idea, Omura moved closer to the girl, who was glaring at him in utter disgust. \"Miss Graham, what have we come to. You snake.\" He hissed. \"Do you know what we do to traitors here? Those who betray the Emperor?\" \"The Emperor or you?\" Katherine asked with a disdainful scoff. \"Do not talk back to me, you little witch.\" Warned Omura in a dangerous tone. \"Considering the fact that for now, I'm the one responsible for your life.\" The guards grabbed the girl and pulled her to her feet, she was directly facing the Japanese businessman in front of her. \"I'm not afraid of you.\" Katherine stated confidently, earning an amused chuckle from Omura. \"Ah, so you're spirited too? No wonder the samurai found you so...irresistible.\" Bagley flinched at his words out of jealously and spite. With a small exhale Omura continued. \"Know this Miss Graham, I intend to punish all who betray my trust.\" Katherine tried her best to look unaffected and courageous from the outside, she lifted her chin and continued to glare at them in hatred. Deep down however, she was shaking with fear and her heart was few minutes away from jumping out of her chest completely. She was realizing just how alone she was with these ruthless men...they could do anything to her...absolutely anything. She was completely and utterly in their mercy! Noticing the girl's concealed panic and fright, Bagley walked forward. \"Omura can also be reasonable and merciful. If you tell us what Nathan and your father are planning, you won't go through the severe consequences.\" Katherine licked her lips, tears slowly filling her beautiful eyes. \"I don't know. And even if I did, I wouldn't dream of telling you!\" \"Not a good answer!\" Roared Bagley furiously. Katherine flinched and averted her gaze from him, unable to look at the horrible men in front of her. \"Miss Graham, I don't think you realize how dire the situation really is.\" Omura started tactfully, his voice calmer than ever. \"I'm not pleased with you or your father, let alone Mr. Algren himself. You three have been acting like rats this whole time, waiting to strike at any given chance...\" He turned and paused for a second. \"Well, I intend to strike back!\" He swung his arm and struck Katherine right across her cheek, his blow was so hard that the poor girl fell down to the ground. The two soldiers didn't wait for Katherine to come around, instantly they picked her and forcibly made her stand up. A small tear spilled from the girl's eye as she looked down to wipe blood from her mouth. God, save me from their hands! She thought desperately. \"You have betrayed us.\" Omura resumed his speech. \"And do you know what the punishment is for traitors such as yourself?\" Katherine looked down, hoping that she'd somehow wake up from this nightmare and be in the Samurai Village again where she was in peace and tranquility. Fear began to overtake the young woman, as she began to realize that neither of these men cared for justice...they were deeply corrupt individuals who'd do anything to get their own way. Even if it meant to commit murder for their personal gain. This made them far more dangerous than anyone she had seen and encountered. Somehow, the fierce samurai warriors she had known in the battle didn't seem so scary. She'd give anything to be back in the war among them. At least, they were honourable! \"The punishment is death.\" Finished Bagley firmly with his smug expression. \"And I won't shy away from ending your miserable life, Miss Graham.\" Stated Omura proudly and motioned something to the soldiers. \"Lock her up, Colonel Bagley.\" The ruthless man turned to the equally horrible officer. \"Her father and Nathan aren't going anywhere either...as you said, they'll come to us. And at dawn, we'll hang all three of these traitors. Such a pity...they could've had promising careers.\" Sneered Omura and walked back to his desk. Bagley swallowed the lump in his throat uncomfortably and ordered the two men to follow him. He didn't wish to kill Katherine by no means. The soldiers nodded in respect and forcefully dragged Katherine along, who silently began to cry, hoping and praying that somehow she'd be rescued from this utmost calamity. Algren led Katsumoto, Graham, and Ujio out onto the porch just as the Guard emerged around the corner of the building. He raised his rifle to fire at the group, but Algren dived into a forward roll knocking the weapon upward just as it fired and slashed the guard across the stomach with his sword. The dead guard automatically fell into the lagoon. The alarm was given and more soldiers arrived to the scene. Three guards came running towards the escaping men and raised their weapons. Katsumoto, Ujio and Graham quickly took cover inside. Algren darted back to join them, dodging the gunfire as the guards open-fired toward the house. Algren instantly plunged to the floor and Katsumoto reached out to pull him out of the line of fire. The three guards took aim again, but all of a sudden, swift arrows sliced out of the darkness and the Imperial soldiers dropped dead before they could pull the trigger. Each were fatally shot by a Samurai arrow. On cue, Nobutada, Nakao, and the Silent Samurai 'Bob' who were the other rickshaw bearers emerged from their hiding places. Just in time to help, these three brave men ran toward the bridge to assist the remaining group. The young samurai courageously charged across yelling. \" Hurry, this way! \" At that moment, more guards arrived on the opposite edge of the lagoon. Silent Samurai and Nakao rapidly provided cover as Nobutada raced for the house and took shelter on the porch. In a second, Algren and Ujio dashed out to meet the young warrior, just as a shot struck the wall beside Nobutada's head. Katsumoto's son leaned around the corner, taking precise aim and fired several arrows back. Afterwards, he beckoned to Algren and the others to cross. Algren, Katsumoto and Ujio, followed by Graham, as quick as possible, raced across the bridge dodging gunfire all the way. Relieved that he had indeed saved his father and the rest, Nobutada ran out following them. Nakao and the Silent Samurai tried to cover his escape, everything seemed to be going according to plan...but alas! In a blink of an eye, muzzle flashes exploded from the darkness. The lionhearted, daring and valiant son of the Samurai warlord, who had so courageously rescued the group, was hit in the knee. Everything seemed to stop as the warrior fell to the ground, like a wounded eagle falling down from the sky.[Chapter 64] Chapter 64 Damsel In Distress Katherine was in a daze, she couldn't distinguish her short nightmarish visions from reality. Everything seemed to be blurry and so distant. She was not even sure why she had been treated so ruthlessly. Time seemed to be passing very slowly for her, the darkness around her made her whole body feel numb. Also, the confinement in which she found herself in was deathly harsh with its moist stone walls, limited light from the nearby torch, and not a sound was made except for an occasional scurry and a squeak from a rat running by. There she lay, lost in the shadows, buried and hidden in this unhappy cell. Her thin Spring dress couldn't protect her from the cold and chilly atmosphere that encircled her like death. How long has she been there? She didn't know. Was it hours? Days? She shivered, trying to keep herself warm somehow and yet, her eyelids were heavy from all the pressure and stress she had relieved. The poor young woman looked absolutely pitiful, as she remained hunched on the cool pavement covered with moisture. Any one who could have beheld her in this state, after having seen her bright, sunny nature and spirited soul, would have shuddered. Cold as night, cold as death, not a breath of air in her tresses, no longer did she look like the accomplished lady of good-breeding. Katherine was in an awful situation, she wanted to cry her eyes out but frankly, had no energy. She was alone. Oh, so alone! What was going to happen to her? She had a recollection of a sentence of death pronounced by Omura against her, her father and Nathan, then of having been carried away and of waking up in the darkness and silence, that chilled her heart. The most frightening thing was that Bagley and Omura were the ones holding so much power over her and her loved ones. She didn't want to concentrate on these horrible thoughts, but what else could she do? She just couldn't help it. The fear of being killed in misery took over her. Kitty let out a small shriek of anguish. However, from time to time, her mind returned back to Nathan and her father, who were off saving Katsumoto. She hoped that at least they were all safe and could make it out alive. All of them! Nobutada, Katsumoto, Ujio, the samurai, and of course, Nathan along with her dear papa. They wouldn't forget her, Nathan promised that he'd return. They would save her without doubt. She had nothing to fear. Katherine tried to comfort herself with these thoughts and remain positive. It would work for few minutes but then the harsh and very scary reality would sink back in and all she could do was just shudder. Suddenly, her daze-like state was shattered when she heard the echo of the wooden door creak from the top of the stairs, footsteps soon following. They were confident, striding closer to her cell. Instinctively the girl shut her eyes and turned away when they stopped, not wanting to look at whatever sadist pig had been ordered to intimidate her now. \"Oh dear,\" said not a doltish voice of a simple soldier, but a rich, commanding baritone. \"This is not as enjoyable as I hoped. You look absolutely miserable, darling girl.\" Her bright, colorful eyes, filled with resentment, glared upwards to lock with the hungry dark ones possessed by Colonel Bagley, who probably wanted nothing more than to see her suffer. Realizing that she was again in his mercy, Katherine stood up, quickly crossing her arms over her chest, in a defensive manner, taking few steps away from the man in front of her. To her utter surprise, Bagley instantly took off his military jacket and came up to her, throwing it around her shoulders. \"You must be freezing, here.\" He told her, in a calm and soft tone. Katherine grimaced uncomfortably and pushed herself away from him, flinging the jacket right back in his face. \"Stay away from me!\" She exclaimed in disgust. Bagley let out a sharp hiss and stared back at the girl in shock. \"I'm trying to help you.\" He informed. Katherine, all of a sudden, had an urge to laugh. \"Help me? You are the one that threw me here in this hell!\" She screamed in fury, trying to remain as far away from him as possible. \"Why are you doing this? What have I done to you? Why do you hate me so?\" Unable to stay collected, Bagley was suddenly moved at her words. \"Don't you understand? I love you!\" He cried, raising his hands in the air. Katherine quieted, her shock evidently written on her pretty countenance. \"What?\" She spoke weakly. Frustrated Bagley moved closer to her, his eyes glued on her. \"I've tried to be kind to you, to show you how much I cared, and yet you rebuffed me...dismissed me and chose a freaking samurai over me! A savage!\" He spat, crazed with jealousy. Katherine wanted to escape him but she didn't know where to go, it seemed like in a second, she'd hit her back to the wall. Her heart began to race and she tried to control her tears. This man terrified her. He resembled a complete lunatic. And how on earth did he know about her and Nobutada? \"Now, don't get me wrong, I would've been somewhat understanding if you had chosen Nathan over me.\" Bagley resumed calmly, trapping poor Katherine between him and the cold wall. The girl in turn, flinched in fright, trying to avoid his red and fuming eyes. \"I'm used to losing to him...but a savage? With bows and arrows? No, I won't have it. I won't let you humiliate me like this.\" His voice was dangerous and chilled her blood. He looked like a wild animal ready to attack and devour her. \"Please, just let me go.\" Katherine said meekly, tears beginning to leak from her lovely eyes. \"I hate seeing you like this.\" Bagley admitted, his hand caressing her cheek. \"Which is why I've come to you with an ultimatum.\" \"W-what do you want from me?\" Katherine sniffed, hoping that his next words wouldn't confirm her suspicions about him. \"You see, my dear...\" Bagley started and paused, his eyes were still lit like a blazing fire. \"Omura isn't planning to tolerate anyone who stands in his way. He will act accordingly and as he stated before, you are to be executed at dawn.\" Katherine felt like she was already stabbed with a long lethal sword. Her heart jumped out of her chest and suddenly she became sick to the stomach. \"You will have me killed? For what I wonder? You have no proof against me.\" She argued back, her old fighting spirit slowly returning to her. \"And since when does Omura need proof against those who defy him?\" Sneered Bagley, knowing that he had an upper hand on her on this one. The young woman paled at his words, as the thought of death came upon her like a thief. It was so true! Omura and Bagley were the real monsters here! They were the ones who killed without mercy! He didn't need any kind of proof to have her executed. This man was not capable of love. Lust? Yes, sure. But love? No way! \"I can save you.\" Began the sneaky man, his hungry gaze completely on her. \"I can talk Omura into sparing your life, Katherine.\" He found it enchanting to finally address her by name. \"But I'm guessing you want something?\" Katherine threw in instantly, silently praying that it wouldn't be what she thought he'd say. \"Forget about those savages,\" Bagley instructed, his tone demanding. \"Forget about all of them and choose me!\" He was so close to her, their faces so close, that Katherine began to feel physically sick. This man gave her all the creeps in the world. He reminded her of sorcerers and disgusting antagonists from the books she read. \"You want me to be your whore?\" Katherine suggested bluntly and rudely. \"Is that it?\" She asked in disbelief. Bagley cringed at her harsh words and pursed his lips. \"No, not quite. I'm actually offering you to be my wife. With body, mind, and soul.\" \"You've gone mad!\" Katherine yelled coldly, vigorously pushing him away from her with such force, that Bagley stumbled back. \"You really are pathetic, you know that? After all the horrible things you've done to me and the ones I care about, you think I'd want you as my husband? Go to the devil, Colonel Bagley!\" He was slightly taken aback with her response, yet expected nothing less from a girl with her attitude. \"You're planning on murdering my father, Nathan, and everyone I love! How can I marry a monster like you? How can I even touch a despicable creature such as yourself? How can you claim to love me? When you have proven that you know nothing of love! No! You have me mistaken with some silly women because I will not be bullied by you!\" Katherine's words were severe and full of hatred. She was beginning to feel more confident when it came to putting a bastard like him in his place! She would never let him intimidate her ever again. She would not give him that satisfaction. Bagley could feel his hands balling into fists at her apprehension, a furious heat washing over him. However, he couldn't find it in himself to strike this impertinent girl down, instead wanting her beautiful voice continue to condemn him. \"I have nothing but resent against you!\" Katherine kept speaking with a fiery passion. \"You are a vile creature! You, cruel and evil beast! I want nothing to do with you, frankly...I'd rather die than submit to monster such as yourself!\" She finished with a disdainful expression and averted her eyes from him. Bagley was seized with great wrath, he was shocked at her unforgiving tone. He had somewhat hoped that she'd think about his proposition, but no! This woman would rather die than be with him. He was utterly puzzled, just few minutes ago, she was a scared little mouse. Now she had suddenly transformed into a raging lioness. It was downright shocking! He regained his composure and moved towards her. \"You stupid girl! I don't want to see you killed, I'm trying to help and yet here you are, rejecting my sensible proposal.\" He paused and scoffed bitterly. \"Well, what can I expect from a samurai whore anyways?\" \"You disgust me.\" Katherine said with the coldest tone she could master. \"I will never be yours!\" \"Die, then!\" Bagley shouted in fury and stormed out of her cell in defeat. For a moment, the brave girl let out a sigh of relief, believing that she had indeed won over the ruthless man. But alas! He suddenly marched back in, his eyes darker than ever. Before Katherine could react, he charged at her like a crazed wild animal and seized her with his rough hands, the girl cried out in fear. \"I shall still have you!\" Bagley announced, and claimed her lips as his own with force. Katherine struggled furiously, trying very hard to break away from the unwanted touch. However, Bagley was stronger and he was prevailing in keeping her down. With a huge shove, Bagley pinned her forcefully on the pavement and threw himself on top of her. He had lost all his senses! He was not letting go of this opportunity! Katherine screamed and shouted, her hands pulling him away but all was in vain...that was the very moment she realized that maybe, just maybe it was all over for her. She closed her eyes, and waited for the worse to come.[Chapter 65] Chapter 65 Getaway Katherine whimpered, cried and shrieked, as Bagley began to unbutton his shirt and kept forcefully touching and kissing her. His hands moved down her dress, trying to pull up her skirts roughly. He had reached the very limit of his uncontrollable lust and rage. He was going to have her right then and right there! Katherine struggled and fought as much as she could but soon, exhaustion overtook her and the horrible feeling of helplessness sank deep into her. Bagley was on top, successfully managing on keeping her down. He continued to work his way towards his pants. And fresh tears began to leak from Katherine's crystal eyes, when she realized that this was it. She froze and waited for the worse to come. Just when things seemed to be looking utterly hopeless for the poor young woman, the door swung open suddenly and very unexpectedly. Katherine didn't have time to blink her eyes, when she noticed that Bagley had been knocked off from her with full force. She shivered in shock and stared up at her rescuer who was yelling at the ruthless Colonel on top of his lungs. \"Why do you shame us, Colonel Bagley?! You lost your mind?!\" He pushed him vigorously. It was Lieutenant Saito- Katherine recognized him as one of those frightened Japanese officers who had ran away from battle against Samurai. \"This does not concern you!\" Bagley yelled back in fury. \"Get out of here!\" Saito looked back at the frightened and disheveled young woman lying on the floor, she was still shocked and horrified. He glared at Bagley and spoke. \"Omura won't allow such disgrace! You are not to touch this girl!\" The Japanese officer declared sharply, causing Bagley to roll his eyes in annoyance. \"You damned bastard!\" Bagley exclaimed in anger. \"How dare you question my methods? Don't you understand? Omura told me to deal with her personally.\" He spat threw his teeth with furious expression. Katherine's head was hurting, her whole body was shaking, her heart kept racing none stop. She still couldn't wrap her brain about the fact that just a minute ago, she was about to be assaulted by this disgusting pig. And she had given up to fight him. If the officer didn't barge in, she would've been doomed. Katherine had dealt with so much before and yet nothing she had been through, seemed as horrifying and traumatic as what was about to happen minutes ago. Her head was still spinning, her vision still slightly blurry, but slowly Katherine began to come around, her nerves were calming down. However in the background, she could hear the agitated argument between the two men. \"Omura said nothing about assaulting the prisoners!\" Barked Saito as he ordered his two soldiers to seize Bagley. \"What are you doing, you stupid idiot?!\" Shouted Bagley as he fought back the two guards who had caught him. \"Release me this second! Feeble-minded morons!\" As the Japanese soldiers quickly began to exchange words in their language in order to make a rational decision... Chaos broke out, and the proud Colonel started a fight with Saito and his men. All of a sudden, Katherine came to realize that hot-blooded individuals in front of her weren't paying any kind of attention to her. The young woman's eyes focused on the open door and she was struck with a plan. No one was going to save her! She needed to take matters into her own hands. Katherine was done being weak and helpless. With determination, she rose to her feet, picked up her skirts and dashed out of the cell while the men kept yelling and struggling with one another. Katherine ran out in the hall, her eyes searching for the nearest exit from the building. She raced as quickly she could, as if her whole life depended on it...in a way, it did. Before anyone could notice that the girl was missing, Kitty swiftly found herself outside of the dungeon walls and immediately hid herself as the guards passed her, unaware of the sudden changes that had occurred. Kitty began to worry, her heart once again racing like no other. She didn't know what to do next. How was she supposed to escape from them once and for all? She swallowed hard and remained hidden behind a large wagon, that was clearly used to transport the prisoners. Meanwhile, Lieutenant Saito and Bagley finally noticed that the young woman was gone. Immediately they darted towards the exit and started frantically searching for the girl, giving out orders to other soldiers to find her at once. Along the way, Bagley furiously kept blaming Saito for his foolish and unnecessary intrusion, shouting in rage at him. All of the men fussed around, looking for any sign of the disappeared girl. The nearby yells of the soldiers made Katherine jump in fright. They had discovered that she was gone. Her stomach dropped and panicky thoughts washed over her. No, she would not return in that cell with those pigs! Katherine had her mind set on escaping and that's exactly what she would do. She quickly scanned the area to see which way was clear. She was still unsure of what to do. As Bagley's figure came nearer and nearer, Kitty bit her lip hard almost drawing blood. What was she supposed to do?! Oh, LORD, please help me! Miraculously, Katherine's pretty eyes landed on a nearby horse that she was certain belonged to Colonel Bagley himself. This was it. With a deep breath, Kitty emerged from her hiding place and rushed towards the rider-less animal. \"There she goes!\" Cried Bagley, when he spotted the girl in a distance. Instantly, all of the men ran after the young woman in hopes of catching her at last. Katherine raced up to the horse in a sudden flash, untied the reins rapidly and swiftly, mounted it and snapped it into an action. \"My horse!\" Bagley shouted in shock, as Katherine galloped away from the dark place. \"Get her, you idiots!\" He yelled in fury and began to chase after her on foot, which was unsuccessful. By the time the rest of the soldiers approached Bagley and realized what was happening, Katherine was already nowhere to be seen. She had bolted like lightening and vanished like a phantom. The American Colonel blinked in puzzlement, he had been so close to getting what he wanted and suddenly everything changed so fast. This girl had outsmarted them... him most of all. How was that possible? HOW?! A little short, but very important chapter. Hope you all enjoyed it. Share your views and stay tuned for more.[Chapter 66] Chapter 66 Grief \"I'm sorry, what did you just say?\" Omura blinked and asked in utter shock, as Bagley narrated the Japanese businessman the unfortunate events that had taken place about half an hour ago. It wasn't that he didn't understand what the American had informed him, Omura was giving him a chance to correct that unbelievable stupidity that came out of Bagley's mouth mere seconds ago. How dare he fail such a mission!? Colonel Bagley lowered his head, a severe emotion of embarrassment and helplessness took over him. He swallowed hard and with a sharp breath, attempting to speak but Omura was faster. \"Not only did you fail in recapturing Katsumoto and his supporters,\" He continued \"you also let our final hope slip under your fingers. ARE YOU INSANE?!\" The round man shouted in rage, his calm demeanor bursting like a bomb. Bagley flinched in surprise, taking few steps back. He didn't expect this kind of behavior from a usually collected and polite businessman. \"And not to mention that girl escaped on your horse. YOUR HORSE!\" Omura cried, his cheeks flushed with fury, point and shaking his finger at the American in front of him. \"Can you be any more disgraceful?!\" He spat in agitation, already knowing that Bagley wouldn't be able to explain himself. Just as predicted, the American officer gulped in nervousness, his eyes quickly darted towards Lieutenant Saito, who watched the whole scene unfold in complete disappointment. Bagley hoped to highest heaven that he wouldn't mention what caused Katherine to run away in first place. \"Omura, have no fear...\" He began once more, trying to reason with the crazed man. \"She can't be far-\" \"That's what you said about Katsumoto and Algren and yet they escaped!\" Omura exclaimed, unwilling to let Bagley finish his sentence. \"Spare me your fake consolation!\" Bagley was silent, giving up to search for the right words that might've calmed the enraged businessman. Omura continued to furiously yell and shout for couple more minutes resembling a wild, little hippo, as if throwing a hissy fit in a mud puddle. He managed to relax afterwards and glared at the two officers before him. \"The war has began.\" Omura said in determination. \"Prepare the troops.\" He ordered calmly and left the room, suddenly returning to his collected state. Katherine rode as fast as she could, the horse's hooves pounding loudly on the ground; the animal's heavy snorts could be heard in the whole forest. Katherine didn't notice how swiftly and rapidly she had left the city behind. She had been so afraid and ready to get away, that she failed to recognize that no longer was she surrounded by the civilized streets. In full honesty though, the young woman didn't care. The only thing in her mind was to leave the horrid place she had been confined in, as fast as possible. Her destination was not that necessary for the time being. Katherine frantically looked back to see if she was being followed and sighed in relief when no one appeared in sight. She looked ahead again and carried on the rode as if it was no tomorrow. A broken log in the middle of the forest spooked the galloping horse and unexpectedly, the animal reared in fear, knocking Katherine from its back and into the dirt. The girl gasped as she landed on the hard ground. But she didn't have time to mope and cry, immediately Katherine got back up, ready to mount the horse again. However, Bagley's steed bolted away in fright, and the girl was unable to catch him. \"Come back!\" Kitty cried desperately, tears leaking from her eyes. \"You stupid beast!\" She kicked the ground in misery and let out a loud groan, as the horse disappear in the woods. What else could she expect from sneaky Bagley's animal? Ugh, like owner like horse! Katherine was quiet, overwhelming emotion of loneliness overtaking her once more. Before she could think of doing anything else, a very familiar voice made her jump. She jerked her head around only to see Nathan riding towards her with a huge smile of relief on his face. \"Katherine!\" He exclaimed happily. \"Nathan?\" Katherine mumbled in surprise, doubting the reality of this unbelievable revelation. She was so tired and exhausted, that she had a hard time making out her own dreams and visions from reality. Her eyelids became all heavy, her feet were shaking, she kept gazing at the approaching man with a slight smile. She didn't know if this was real, but she was delighted that Nathan had come to her in the time of need. Katherine attempted to take a step towards him but suddenly, everything began to look like a giant blurry cloud, she stumbled to the ground and collapsed. The darkness that surrounded her began to dissolve slowly and effectively. When Katherine opened her eyes, she was met by her father's warm and loving gaze. \"Oh Kitty.\" Mr. Graham spoke gently, planting a kiss on her forehead. A joyous grin broke out on the girl's pretty face. \"Papa.\" She shifted her weight a bit and began to realize that she was lying on a hard ground. Moreover, she and her father were not in an enclosed room like before, but rather under the open sky. Katherine set up slowly and scanned the area around her. It looked like a samurai camp. The horses were tied to trees, the warriors set around a small camp fire, taking a break from their responsibilities. The mountains she had seen before in the Samurai Village were also in view. \"Where are we?\" Katherine asked, a little alarmed. \"You're alright my dear,\" Her father told her soothingly. \"We're with Katsumoto, he is taking us to his village. Such a privilege might I add.\" Katherine was suprised at the news. So her father and Nathan had managed to bail him out? \"How you feelin'?\" Nathan's voice rang in her ears. She turned and saw his handsome features, but he looked disheveled and dirty. He had been through hell all night...no wonder. \"I'm alright.\" Katherine nodded softly and gathered all her strengths to stand up. \"Gently, my girl.\" Simon instructed, grabbing his daughter's hand. It was already dawn, and the sun had risen over the horizon, giving a magical glow to the landscapes. \"Nathan, papa, you both managed to rescue him.\" Katherine smiled in delight, her eyes shifting to Katsumoto, who sat a little further away from the camp...Ujio was stationed next to him. Nathan tilted his head slightly and forced a smile on his face. \"Indeed, your father was very brave. I couldn't have done it without him.\" \"Do not mock me, dear Captain.\" Bashful Simon replied and chuckled. \"Oh, I'm so glad!\" Kitty cried happily and embraced Nathan, who was taken aback with her forward leap. \"What about you? What were you doing in the woods?\" The American inquired afterwards, eagerly searching her pretty eyes. \"Oh, it doesn't matter, what matters is-\" Katherine wanted to continue and explain her story bit more however, she was suddenly distracted with how silent and gloomy the whole party was. It was expected...after all, they all had such a big battle to fight and they've been through so much, especially last night. Was that it? Katherine looked around and stared back at Nathan. \"Is everything alright?\" She said after a pause. Nathan and Simon exchanged a suspicious look and yet uttered not a word. Katherine knitted eyebrows in concern, she had a feeling that something was not entirely right. The faces of her father and friend confirmed her speculations. Both Nathan and Simon remained silent, which almost drove Kitty crazy. She looked back at the camp, all of the samurai were equally sober, not paying attention to her. Their minds seemed to be occupied with something very serious. She gazed at the unreadable expression of Katsumoto, who had his eyes closed and was muttering words that Katherine believed was a prayer. She spotted Ujio watching her quietly, and for the first time noticed a saddened, almost painful countenance on him. Was he pitying her? What on earth was happening? Maybe she could see what Nobutada thought of all this mystery...wait Nobutada! She had seen everyone but him. Katherine instantly paled and looked back at Nathan. \"Where is Nobutada?\" She asked meekly, her heart throbbing uncontrollably. Nathan lowered his eyes, unable to face her. Simon reached out and wrapped his arms around Katherine in comfort. There was silence again. Unbearable, sickening silence. \"Where is he?!\" Katherine demanded loudly, her patience bursting at last. With a deep breath, Nathan lifted his eyes to face her. \"I'm so sorry, Kitty...he-\" A dreadful feeling of horror took over the young woman. \"No.\" She shook her head vigorously, tears threatening to spill from her eyes. \"No, no,\" she repeated in disbelief as Simon squeezed her arm. \"He couldn't...he was...he saved us all.\" Nathan tried to explain, his own eyes were all watery, his mouth dry. \"No!\" Katherine exclaimed in denial. \"You are lying! It's not true!\" She cried, as her father hold onto her. All the samurai, including Ujio and Katsumoto watched her with heavy hearts, neither of them attempting to say anything. The situation was too damn gut-wrenching. \"He sacrificed himself-\" Nathan's voice was breaking, he tried to near her but Katherine pushed him forcefully, untangling herself from her father's arms. \"You're lying! It can't be!\" She screamed in anguish. \"No! No! No!\" She was hysterical, the pain was way too much, everything was hurting inside her...her heart most of all. Her agonizing grief, her awful heartache, the excruciating feeling deep in her stomach was too much to bear. She couldn't stay there any more. She needed to get out. Without another word, Katherine darted away from the camp in tears. \"Kitty, wait!\" Her father called in alarm and he and Nathan attempted to run after her. Before they could make another move, Ujio stood in between them. \"I'll talk to her.\" He said firmly, laying his hand on the American's shoulder, and calmly walked forward. Nathan and Simon froze and stared at the tough warrior in surprise. Neither of them protested as shocking it may was. The American sighed heavily and turned at the grieving father of the young warrior. Why was life so hard and unfair? I avoided to write this chapter as much as possible. But you guys needed an update. So here it is. Try not to cry too much. I am sorry, I couldn't stray away from the original movie...i have remained faithful in every aspect. As sad it may be.[Chapter 67] Chapter 67 Sacrifice Katherine felt like the whole universe had crashed and collapsed on her head. Her heightened emotions, pain, hurt, her grief was too much to bear. When Nathan was trying to explain the tragic event concerning the beloved young warrior, she had blacked out. She couldn't hear her friend's words, there was this terrible buzzing in her ears and her heart was torn into pieces. She couldn't believe it. It had to be a lie! Nobutada was alive! How could he not? Katherine ran as fast as she could, her mind pushing her forward, but her body's weak state forcing her to collapse on the ground. She didn't bother getting up and instead, continued to sob bitterly. It was the first time she had someone so important taken away from her. All her life, her greatest dread had been to lose a loved one. She'd rather die herself than have her beloved ripped away from her in such a horrific manner. And yet here she was, mourning the death of the second most significant human in her life, after her father. No! In a way, Nobutada had become the first. She had chosen to stay with him! She had picked him over everyone and anything else...only to lose him in just few hours. Her heart ached so much that Katherine suddenly felt like vomiting. He didn't deserve this fate! That's all she thought about. He was the most noble, caring, honorable and gentle soul she ever met. And so young! Nobutada HAD to live! She reassured herself with these fantasies and yet the truth was obvious...she couldn't escape from it. Her pretty eyes had spilled so much tears that, she could no longer cry. She wanted to, but was physically unable to force tears, they were completely dried up. Once all exhausted, Katherine set up and stared darkly at the green trees around the forest. Feeling of loneliness overtook her once more and she began to ask herself: What now? Unknown to the girl however, a certain, tough samurai kept a watchful eye on her without making an appearance. He stood a little farther away and observed her grief in surprise. Truth be told, Ujio had always seen how painful it was to wives or other female companions when they found out that their men had died in battle. But he had never witnessed anything like this. Katherine's behavior struck a deep chord in him and maybe it was ridiculous...however, he was beginning to envy the dead son of Katsumoto. Is this how much she loved him? Westerners without doubt were too strange for him. No Japanese person, even a woman, would weep for the death of a samurai who died so bravely in battle. And yet, Katherine had almost killed herself because of this sad news. Her reaction really shocked him. She was weak...and not afraid to show it. However, he couldn't help but feel sorry for her. His heart went out to the girl and he had a great need to comfort her in some ways. It was obvious that she was too young and this was her very first heartache. Ujio sighed heavily, Katherine never failed to surprise him. When he noticed that she had seized sobbing and set motionless, he slowly approached her. Maybe now Kitty was ready to listen to him. The young woman, although realizing that she was no longer alone, didn't look back to see who had come upon her. She couldn't care less. If it were her friends or enemies...nothing mattered. She wished to die or at least stop the vicious pain in her heart. \"Kitty.\" Only when Ujio called her by name, did she look back. \" If you are here to tell me that he died honorably... I'll kill you!\" Katherine began with resentment, her Japanese sentence for the first time coming off sharp and cold. Ujio neared a little more and took a seat next to her, trying his best to search for right words. \" Nobutada is lucky to have someone care for him so much.\" He spoke softly and gently, like talking to a wounded dove. \" How could you let him die?\" Katherine said dryly, her crystal eyes appearing ice-cold. Ujio twitched his jaw at the sharp and painful question. His gaze fell on her for a second or two before he looked down again and continued. \" I've never seen anyone mourn a samurai like that. To us, dying in battle is honor.\" \"Don't you dare say that nonsense to me!\" Katherine snapped in agitation. \" I am not Japanese and I won't accept that as consolation!\" Ujio locked eyes with her and watched her speechless. For some reason, he couldn't bring himself to speak up. \"You keep telling yourself that dying in battle is honorable and what not!\" Katherine kept speaking in anger. \"But the truth is simple... the honorable and admirable thing is when you stay with those who need you the most! And not abandon them for some foolish pride!\" It was Ujio's turn to flare up at Katherine's ignorant statement. \" Mind what you say, silly woman! You don't know what you're talking about!\" His rough and deep voice managed to silence the very irritated girl before him. There was a brief pause between them as Ujio wondered whether to tell her the truth. \" You weren't there.\" He began again, this time his voice was soft and soothing. \" He sacrificed himself for us. It wasn't a foolish pride or a thrill of killing the enemies in battle, but rather a sacrifice. If it weren't for Nobutada, we would all be dead. Including your father and the American.\" Ujio took a deep breath and Katherine began to cry again, tears slowly rolling down her cheeks. \"I'm so stupid.\" She whimpered quietly and buried her head in her hands. Ujio gazed at her with the utmost pity and admiration. He knew just how hard this was for her. If only things were different. He would've taken Nobutada's place. \" I've never seen a samurai act so bravely before.\" Ujio continued, as he recalled that heartbreaking night. \" Without fear, without regret, he took a stand against twenty men with guns, and made sure we were out of sight and safe .\" Katherine stared up at Ujio and their eyes met, she stopped herself from weeping and forced a small smile on her face. \" Then, he really did die honorably.\" She whispered with a small sniff. Ujio gently reached out and wiped her tear away with his finger affectionately. \" Yes, he did.\" A soft May breeze blew pass them, the fresh smell of Spring overtaking the woods and Katherine sighed in realization. She actually felt like Nobutada was there with her, smiling down kindly at all his loved ones. Ujio helped her up on her feet and took hold of her arm. \" Come,\" He said with his penetrating gaze. \" let's go to the village.\" Katherine followed him without a single protest and soon enough, they were reunited with the rest of the samurai camp. Nathan had been comforting Katsumoto, who had not only mourned the death of his one and only son, but also the fact that the Emperor...his student once, was no longer recognizable. Because of Omura and his cunning ways, the war was about to take place. Nathan sighed in relief when he saw Katherine unharmed. Simon Graham rushed to her side and hugged her close. He didn't understand much of what was happening and why Katherine had reacted so badly about the death of the samurai youth. And yet, he didn't ask a single question. Without any delays, the party mounted their horses, Katherine was mounted on Nobutada's steed, and they all made their way back to the village. For time to time, Ujio would look back at the girl and smile to himself, grateful that he had managed to calm her even for a little bit.[Chapter 68] Chapter 68 Preparing For Battle The peaceful chirps of birds, the swaying of beautiful trees around, tall and magnificent mountains were in view once more. Katherine didn't realize that she'd see these breathtaking pictures so soon again when she was leaving the Samurai...thinking that the separation would last forever. The entire ride was silent and tranquil. Most of the time, the young woman had her eyes closed or her head placed over the horse's neck. The pain and shock of losing a beloved was still very much alive in her mind. It was like a part of her own life was taken away from her. It didn't matter how bravely Nobutada had sacrificed himself. She just wanted him close to her again. They belonged with one another. She had been such a fool to deny all these feelings and trad carefully. Oh, if only he were alive. She'd turn the time back. She would make better choices! A fresh tear rolled down her rosy cheek and Katherine bit her lip, trying very hard to contain herself from exploding. No, she needed to stay strong. No matter what. Her thoughts focused on her friends and father again. What was going to happen to them? Would she be forced to relive the horror of losing a loved one yet again? At least, she had left things of well with the young warrior before the occurrence of this tragedy. She tried to console herself with this. The Samurai group finally reached the village and every person who lived there bowed at them in pride and respect. Katherine glanced at Nathan, who met her eyes with a weak smile. Both of them remembered their first arrival in the village when they were captured. How much things had changed. If only they both had stayed indifferent towards these people, it would've made many things a whole lot easier. Katsumoto dismounted and others followed his suit. Once Katherine lazily climbed down from Nobutada's horse, she went up to her father the British linguist, hugging him close. She was in a desperate need of comfort, and desired a shoulder to cry on. Mr. Graham took the girl in his arms and planted a kiss on her forehead, hoping that somehow she'd be alright. Father and daughter remained in a fond embrace until the leader of the warriors strode towards Taka's house, where she stood on the proch, her eyes wide in surprise. It was obvious that Katsumoto's sister didn't expect them to be back so soon and she surely didn't expect to see Katherine and Nathan ever again. Nathan and Ujio slowly followed after the warlord while Katherine remained behind with her father for few more minutes. She didn't have the heart to listen to Katsumoto narrating Taka the story of Nobutada's death. It was way too painful and unbearable. Katherine watched from the distance as the leader spoke in sadness and Taka lowered her head in shock and evident devastation. Afterwards, Katsumoto promptly turned towards his horse accompanied by Ujio. While Nathan and Taka, quietly walked inside the house, without doubt to mourn the loss of the young warrior. Katherine's pretty eyes focused on Ujio, who observed her with a slight hint of admiration and mounted his steed once more. Katsumoto gravely informed everyone of Nobutada's brave death and Katherine felt like crying again. After minutes of silence, every villager and samurai sank to the ground and honored their respectable young leader, who was always so strong and courageous. Everyone, absolutely every single person in the village, admired and loved him. It was a great loss indeed. Soon after, Katsumoto and his samurai rode away, probably towards the temple, leaving Katherine and her father staring after them for the longest amount of time. The young woman let out a heavy sigh, she had been holding her breath in distress. She initially began to move forward and her father gently walked after her, making their way to Taka's place. Father and daughter entered Taka's residence, only to be struck by the grieving and funeral like atmosphere. Nathan and Taka together with Higen sat composed in a Japanese manner, their countenance fell and their eyes were slightly teary. Katherine slowly approached them and knelt beside the sophisticated woman. Mr. Graham, out of uneasiness and confusion remained by the entrance. \" He gave his life to save us. He died bravely.\" Nathan spoke up in their tongue with a soothing tone. Taka, as always, gracefully nodded her head, making a short reply \" Thank you, Algren-san\" Although, utterly saddened and devastated, she tried to be stoic. Katherine wasn't surprised, after all, this was the same woman who had not been seen shedding a tear even for her husband in public. This was the hard part of being samurai or a samurai's wife. You needed to accept death in battle as honor. Higen however, because of his young age, didn't quite understand this style of life yet. He was hurt, frustrated, heartbroken and angry that his older cousin, who had been more like a brother and mentor for him, was gone just like his father. \" Will you fight the white men, also?\" The boy asked the American, tears threatening to spill from his eyes. \" If they come here, yes.\" Nathan responded, determination evident on his features. \" Why?\" \"Because they come to destroy what I have come to love.\" The American stated meaningfully, his eyes hard and piercing. Katherine let out a low gasp upon this declaration. She also didn't fail to notice how deeply moved Taka became. Higen on the other hand, jumped up and bolted out of the house, running past the surprised Mr. Graham. Nathan looked at Taka, as if to ask what was wrong with the little boy. \" The way of Samurai is difficult for children.\" Taka explained softly. \" He misses his father.\" \"And he is angry because I am the cause of that\" Nathan concluded in disappointment, glancing at Katherine who was silent in this exchange. \" No, he is angry because he fears you will die as well.\" The honorable woman replied, a soft smile appearing at the corners of her lips. \" I don't blame him.\" Katherine said harshly, suddenly overwhelmed with emotion. She couldn't bear to lose any of her friends and loved ones anymore. It would be way too heart-wrenching. And yet, no matter how much she tried to deny it, the battle was inevitable. Without another word, she too stormed out of the room not even trying to reason with Mr. Graham, who wanted to console her in some ways. The beyond confused father looked helplessly at Nathan, who reassured him with his expression that all would be well and walked outside calmly. While Nathan was out on the porch, doing his best to calm down the agitated Higen, Taka in the meantime, found Katherine sitting under a small cherry tree, shielding herself from the Spring sunshine. Pearly tears were casually rolling down her cheeks, her hands nervously tagging the sleeves of her dress. Out of anxiety and helplessness, she kept chewing on her bottom lip, hoping it would draw blood. She needed a good outlet to get a good cry or two out of her system. But somehow, she could no longer utter even a faintest sob. The shadow of the beautiful Japanese woman caught her eye, and Katherine looked back. She was surprised to see quiet Taka standing timidly, coming up and kneeling next to her. \" Your heart is aching \" The graceful woman pointed out the obvious, not at all shocked. Katherine remained still, unsure of what to say or even how to say it. \" You loved my nephew.\" The woman continued with her soft voice. Mr. Graham's daughter faced her this time and let out a deep and a regretful sigh. \" If only we had more time. If only I had realized how much I loved him sooner.\" Taka pursued her lips, her countenance fell on Kitty's remark. She gazed at the girl in sympathy. \"We must stay strong despite the hardships. Death is part of our life. It's an honor to die in battle especially, like Nobutada did. His sacrifice and legacy will live on forever.\" Katherine tried her very best not to roll her eyes. \" I don't believe in that. His sacrifice was in vain. Didn't you hear what Nathan said? We're at war. No matter what, they'll go out to face the Imperial Army and die foolishly. Your brother, Ujio, Nathan, Nakao,...all of them! They'll die!\" She spat in rage, her eyes producing tears once more. To say that Taka wasn't insulted by her speech would be an understatement. Although offended, she spoke with a polite and composed tone. \" How can you speak thus? We all die in the end. It's how you die that counts. Did you give up your life for others or lose your life like a coward? That's all that matters.\" \" But don't you understand? This battle is pointless! Samurai is finished! The Imperial armies have guns that kill in less than one minute. \" Katherine exclaimed in desperation. Taka gave up. She watched Katherine with a heartbroken and saddened expression. \" The way of our life is hard. I never fully understood why our men value honorable death so much over their families. But things are a lot deeper than that. We must accept it. That's what Hirotaro and Nobutada would've wanted.\" After saying this, Taka rose like a beautiful swan and excused herself from Katherine's presence. That night, Katherine found comfort with her darling father. They set on a hard bamboo met and talked for hours. She related all the horrible events that befell on her while Nathan and Simon were off rescuing Katsumoto. Everything, beginning from Bagley and Omura's dirty schemes and actions to her grand escape. She also explained to the very confused and worried father how close she had become with the young warrior. Of their love for one another and her plan to stay in the village with him. Although extremely perplexed and shocked, Mr. Graham regained himself in few minutes and embraced his daughter. Without doubt, she had been through so much and it ached his heart to see her in such pain. He gently spoke to her that he'd always support her decisions whatever they may have been. Simon also expressed just how impressed and grateful he was to the young warrior Nobutada. He admired the courage with which he had sacrificed himself for everyone. Deep in his heart, Simon was sure that the young man was worthy of his daughter's hand. After all, he had seen the young warrior's courageous stand for himself that fateful night. If he had indeed come to him for his blessing, Mr. Graham without doubt would've given it...as shocking and scandalous it seemed. The truth was simple, Katherine had grown and matured so much over the last eight months that sometimes Simon had a hard time recognizing her. She had become more open-minded, less self absorbed, and very caring. She had learned that judging things she didn't understand was wrong. And although, there were still many things the young woman didn't understand about the strange way of the warriors, she was way different from her old ignorant self. Simon was proud of his little Kitty. He would've never thought that a sheltered girl like her would be able to survive and get used to such conditions. She had proved herself time and time again. They would be alright. He'd keep her safe now. No one would dare to hurt his little girl again. They only had each other. The inevitable battle was coming. Nathan Algren was determined to join the Samurai in their last and probably final stand against the Imperial soldiers. And even though, Katherine couldn't bear the thought of losing him as well, there wasn't much she could do. The war was near. The next morning, the hustle and bustle for the preparation of the upcoming battle began. Blacksmiths everywhere around the village started polishing swords and lethal weapons, some men were fletching their arrows, and some of them were building odd round balls covered with pitch. Katherine stood nearby Taka's house, overlooking the ongoing action. Her eyes settled on Nathan who was supervising the construction of wooden logs spiked together for some purpose unknown to her. Trees were being chopped down in the distance, the war tents of each Samurai clan were raised together with their colorful banners. Horses were saddled, some of the warriors rode past her, shooting their targets with arrows. Katherine's heart sank as she remembered that a certain golden Samurai used to be among them. He was always the best and an exact shooter. His absence was painfully obvious for everyone especially, in the eyes of the young woman. Right across from her, Simon Graham stood with his camera equipment and eagerly took the photograph of a samurai group in front of him. He was overwhelmed and excited that he was witnessing and partaking in a great historical moment. Katsumoto, Ujio, and Nakao were overlooking the battle plan that Nathan had outlined with a brush and ink. They were listening to the American with much interest as he tried to explain the tactics that would most suit their situation. It was so peculiar to see a white man amongst the proud samurai warriors. And more surprising to Katherine was the fact that Nathan looked as if he belonged there amongst the Samurai. She continued to watch all these preparations with an utmost heartache. Without doubt, she'd be forced to lose her friends. These brave warriors would die in battle. They themselves were ready for it, she however, was not. Katherine's aqua eyes became all watery again when she remembered that Nathan would also fight alongside the Samurai. Then a strange feeling set in her stomach, suddenly she began to comprehend that Katsumoto and ...Ujio were bound to be killed as well. Unwilling to burst out in tears again, Kitty marched inside the house where she tried to spend time with little Magojiro, who was too young and innocent to understand what was raging on outside. The little chubby boy, happy and overjoyed to have Kitty again to himself, flung his tiny arms around her and began to engage the saddened girl in his childish plays. Katherine was glad to forget the horrible reality she faced for at least couple of hours. So, she quite eagerly joined the boy in his colorful imagination, embracing the innocence and tranquillity that the boy provided her with. From the corner of her eye, she noticed Taka and Higen bowing and honoring the golden armor of Nobutada-sama, that was placed upright next to Hirotaro's scarlet armor. She couldn't help but whisper silently and tenderly to herself. \"You will always be in my heart, Nobutada \" The ending is near. Share your thoughts. Is there something particular you'd like to see before the curtains close on this story?[Chapter 69] Chapter 69 The Eve of The Battle That very afternoon, Katherine wondered out of the house at last. Even though, she tried to remain inside with Higen and Magojiro and isolate herself in positivity, the realization hit her...she needed to get back to reality. That's what Nobutada would've wanted. That's what he loved about her. Her spunk and daring spirit. Katherine had made up her mind to remain strong because of him. She walked about the village, her eyes slowly filling up with pearly tears once again. Her heart dropped in pain every time she thought about the upcoming and most probably the final battle. What was going to happen to her friends? So many of her questions were unanswered. The battle was near. The next day, Nathan and Katsumoto...together with Ujio and other brave men would face those dreadful howitzers and guns. They would definitely die! It would take a miracle to save the samurai. Her stomach was twitching with anger and frustration. Why was life so unjust at times? The young woman trailed about in a leisurely manner, calmly passing the samurai warriors and the other villagers who were getting ready for the war. Her exterior was collected but as we described before, inside she was feeling horrible. The nervousness and uneasiness, the anticipation of the next day's events were torturing her. At the distance, Katherine spotted Katsumoto and Nathan proudly perched on a precipice, looking down at the valley. She hesitated for a moment, but then became determined to join the two of them. For goodness sakes, they were dying the next morning...might as well see them now before she had a proper chance. The young woman lifted her chin with a noble bearing and marched towards her friends. Slowly she came up to them, as they stood there in silence, gazing over at the beautiful setting. Katherine sighed and stationed herself next to Nathan. The two men were lost in their thoughts and neither of them seemed to mind the girl's presence. It was indeed a breathtaking picture. Towering peaks, peaceful valleys, soft, pastel colored meadows. The Spring was gorgeous in this country. But then again, all seasons were magnificent here. Katherine felt like she were in a dream and didn't want that minute to ever end. But then she began to understand that it was here at this very place that the final act of the inevitable drama would play out. \"I was prepared to die in Tokyo.\" Katsumoto broke the silence. \"And yet here I am. I cannot help but ask why you were sent into my life. What is the lesson you were meant to give me?\" As he said this, he fixed his eyes on the two Westerners before him. Katherine was surprised, at first she believed the great leader was only talking about Nathan...but no! He meant them both. \"Maybe that neither of us is as smart as we thought...\" Nathan smirked and threw a side glance at Katherine. Katsumoto chuckled lightly with a shake of his head. \"You...ain't whistlin Dixie.\" He repeated the saying Nathan taught him days before. Both Katherine and Nathan couldn't help but smile and laugh at that. \"Your support means much to me.\" Katsumoto said after a while, his eyes warmly settling on the young woman before him. Katherine felt like Nobutada was watching her again. There was so much resemblance between the honorable father and son. \"I'm glad you're here.\" He finished with a genuine nod of respect. Katherine felt tongue-tied. She didn't know what to say. Emotions were getting the best of her and tears threatened to spill from her sparkling eyes yet again. Nevertheless, she composed herself, retained a dignified look and softly spoke. \"Thank you.\" She bowed in deep reverence. \"No matter what happens tomorrow, I want you to know that you have a place here. My son wanted you to share his way of life. Both of you.\" Katsumoto emphasized the last words and gazed at Nathan and Katherine meaningfully. All the two Westerners could do was bow once more in appreciation. \"You greatly honor us.\" Katherine said, and unable to control her tears quickly bolted and left their presence. Nathan and Katsumoto stared after the heartbroken girl. \"This war is too much for her.\" Nathan remarked sadly. \"She lost someone she loved. And she'll lose more of her loved ones tomorrow.\" Katsumoto stated the obvious. \"I cannot blame her.\" Omura stood, calm, collected and completely at ease in his office, smoking a cigarette. His guards were reporting the traces and the news of Katsumoto's escape in Japanese and Colonel Bagley was stationed next to them with an embarrassed expression. \"I don't know what to say sir...as I mentioned before, I would've never thought them capable of treason.\" Bagley continued to apologize referring to Algren, Graham, and Katherine's horrendous actions, as he had done over the past few days. Trying his best to get back into the Japanese businessman's good graces. In full honesty, Omura was tired and bored to death from Bagley's explanations and apologies. \"Enough, Colonel Bagley.\" The round man said forcefully. \"Captain and the translator's acts concerning Katsumoto have assured our success.\" He finished with an ease and smiled to himself, as if he had won already. The American Colonel blinked in confusion. \"What do you mean?\" Questioned the surprised Ambassador Swanbeck, who had joined the conversation not too long ago. \"What's not to understand?\" Omura asked stunned. \"Katsumoto has rejoined his kinsmen. They will fight tomorrow. And we will destroy them with our new weapons.\" Ugh, just how many times did he have to repeat these words to these clueless Americans? \"What if he just goes off to the mountains and becomes a damn sheep-herder of such?\" Threw in Bagley with his snobby air, proving his idiocy every step of the way. Omura tried hard to retain the calm demeanor that surrounded him. What A Fool! \"You still don't understand us...Katsumoto can do nothing but fight. It is his role in the drama. He must act out his destiny. He knows it.\" \"You trust a lot in... destiny.\" Ambassador Swanbeck commented, ignorance plainly written on his face. Omura calmly strode towards the window. \"This story was written years ago. From the first sight of your warships in our harbor...It is all inevitable.\" The two Americans stared at each other even more confused. Indeed, no matter what...they couldn't comprehend the way of these strange people. And it wasn't like they cared much. Meanwhile, the toughest samurai in the village was performing a ritualistic, graceful sword-dance to the song of the flute. His long flowing, raven hair was hanging down on his back, headband was used to keep his traces pulled back. He wore a white cloth strip which tied the kimono sleeves out of the way. In one hand he held onto his prized katana in another, he had a fan. The admirable warrior moved with fluidity, with poise, and beautiful motions that mesmerized every eye of the spectator. Nathan and Simon Graham were one of those many people who found themselves completely in awe at the samurai's grace, control, and unbelievable movements of both sword and fan. \"What is it?\" The British linguist asked surprised, as he and Nathan kept watching the warrior in amazement. \"Kenbu...his dance of death.\" Came a reply from an equally curious American. By now, we can all tell that the honorable preformer was Ujio himself. And even though he knew that he was being observed by the two European men, he didn't quite realize that in the distance there were other beautiful pair of eyes that never failed to follow his every movement. If Ujio had known whose bright, sparking eyes were watching him, his heart would've throbbed uncontrollably. That night fell over the land, the sounds of crickets' chirps could be heard in the still and quiet village. The morning was rapidly coming and the war was few hours away. Nathan had a long and stressful day, the final preparations had been made and now it all depended on how the warriors would execute the new plan. When he entered Taka's residence, he found the two little boys already fast asleep, Graham was nearby on the porch, taking few photographs of the silent bodyguard of Nathan, who was nicknamed 'Bob'. All day the British translator had been flashing his camera, trying to catch best moments of the samurai. Indeed, he had immortalized them all with his equipment Nathan walked about in search for Katherine and found her kneeling calmly in front of Nobutada's golden armor. Her eyes were down-cast, her expressions were fiery, and she looked as if she were praying but not to Buddha but to Christian God. Her hands were clasped together and at times, she closed her eyes. Nathan waited, giving her few minutes to herself. Once finished, he confidently walked in and set next to her. \"I wanted to find you.\" He told her, taking a deep breath. \"I wanna give you something.\" Katherine gazed at her friend warmly. \"What? A goodbye kiss?\" She teased with a giggle. \"Perhaps...\" Nathan grinned, his eyes lighting up. \"No, actually... this.\" He became serious once again and showed the girl before him his journal. Katherine stared at him in surprise. Before she could open her mouth Algren cut in. \"This morning... May 25th, has been the last entry in this journey. My words haven't been elegant but I endeavored to give true account of what I've seen and what I've done. But what I've seen here surpasses my ability to put in writing. So ends this day.\" \"Nathan, you are not going to need this any longer?\" Katherine staggered, her fingers touching the cover of the journal. Algren shook his head. \"You take it. Your father can use it for the book he's so determined to write.\" Kitty forced a smile on her face, as she tried to hide her tearful eyes. \"Yes, he would love it.\" The American handed the journal to the girl and got ready to leave, but Katherine held on to his arm tightly. \"Stay alive. Please, try to stay alive for me.\" She begged, her voice shaking with overwhelming emotion. \"I promise.\" He assured and with a brotherly affection kissed her on the forehead. Afterwards, Nathan left the young woman and made his way towards his chamber. Or maybe to someone else? Katherine had a sleepless night. She couldn't close her eyes, her mind was occupied with thoughts and her body shivered at the idea of the horrible upcoming battle that was now just two hours away. As the sun began to rise over the majestic sceneries, the daughter of the British linguist pulled herself up to her feet and left Taka's place. Everyone was still asleep and it was a very quiet and peaceful 26th of May. She walked down the porch and began to get dizzy because of the fact that she had not slept at all last night. In pure coincidence, she came upon a slightly deserted hut that stood some distance away from other village houses. The screen door was partially open and she could detect some movement inside. Curiosity overtook her, she picked her skirts up and silently peered inside only to find Ujio kneeling down and getting ready to put on his black armor. Snap. Katherine shut her eyes and bit her lip. She was such a klutz at times. Almost instantly, Ujio jumped up, his sword in hand, ready to strike the intruder. Upon spotting Katherine, he froze utterly stupified. She was the last person he expected to see. \" You? What are you doing here?\" He asked somewhat firmly. \" I'm sorry. I didn't mean to intrude.\" Katherine admitted timidly, her eyes falling down and cheeks blushing. The man before her was in the state of undress. His lower body was merely covered with a white cloth. \" I'll leave right now.\" She added immediately and began to turn away. \"No.\" Ujio said in English. \"Please...stay.\" Now it was Katherine's turn to freeze in perplexity. \"What?\" \"Stay.\" Ujio didn't hesitate to repeat, his gaze all warm and meaningful. Katherine remained stuck in one place for the longest amount of time. Unable to determine what she should do or say, until finally Ujio walked forward and made an advance. When he was few inches away from her, the young woman took few steps back unconsciously. \"Don't be afraid.\" The samurai said, allowing himself to converse with her in English. \"I'm sorry...I\" Katherine stuttered, not daring to lift up her eyes from the ground. Her movements were skittish. Ujio paused, his penetrating gaze fixed on her for few seconds more. Slowly and gently, he reached out and touched her chin with his fingers, making her face him. \"There's nothing to fear.\" He whispered softly and their eyes were locked at last. Katherine's heart jumped, she knew it would've been a wise decision to leave. But she couldn't. She remained glued in that exact spot...something deep down telling her that this is where she needed to be. There was profound silence, as the two individuals gazed at one another neither of them uttering a word. Just as gently as before, Ujio placed his one hand on her waist and pulled her in his arms. Katherine couldn't resist, all she could do was hold on to him and cry the silent tears. \"I don't want you to die.\" She sobbed quietly. Ujio pushed her dark locks away from her and looked her in the eyes once more. \"I will always live in...here.\" He softly placed his hand on her heart. Again there was silence, and before Katherine could entangle herself from his strong grasp, she felt his lips brush on hers. As shocking as it was to both of them, they didn't have time to stand back and ask questions. War was almost here...It was either now or never. Without further thought, Katherine wrapped her hands around him, as Ujio deepened the kiss. And soon, the couple found themselves submitting to their secret passions.[Chapter 70] Chapter 70 The Final Battle and A White Vision As the prolonged sensual embrace of the couple continued, Ujio could feel inside him that something was not right. Even though he loved and desired the girl before him, he did not wish to push her beyond the boundaries her society and upbringing had instilled in her. Most importantly, he did not want to touch and claim what did not belong to him in the first place. He pulled back, his chest rising and falling against her as if he'd been just running. Katherine's eyes glistened with a deep, burning fire and she trembled in his arms, painfully aware of her unfulfilled desire. The admired samurai did not want to break the silence that enveloped them, and yet it was necessary to say something. \"I cannot. Forgive me.\" He whispered softly and set up straight, unable to look Katherine in the eyes. The young woman frowned, she didn't expect such interruption but then again, few seconds ago, she had been too lost in passion. She blushed, only just realizing what was happening around her. Nevertheless, she reached out and gently turned Ujio to face her again. \" No, you have nothing to apologize for.\" Her words were sweet and calming. \" This is weakness...you are my weakness.\" Ujio said, forcing himself to rip his gaze from her. \" I cannot afford distractions. The war is only few hours away.\" He got up and walked proudly towards his laid out armor. Katherine was suddenly very hurt with the harsh tone that escaped him. She stared at him in stunned confusion. \" So that's what I am? A mere distraction?\" Tears filled her sparkling eyes. Ujio shut his eyes in pain, he didn't want to break her heart but he also didn't want to use her. He was without doubt dying in battle and if he and Kitty had become intimate, the girl would be ruined. And Nobutada? He was dishonoring the memory of his leader's son. The young samurai also happened to love this woman. \" I must get ready for the war. \" Ujio began with a deep sigh and turned to her, indicating that it was time for her to leave. \" Why?\" Katherine asked as tears rolled down her cheeks. \" Why are you so cruel? How can you be so cold-hearted.\" She stood up slowly and adjusted her disheveled dress. \"I am only realistic.\" Ujio answered in a sad tone and confidently strode up to her. \" We have no future. We are just fooling ourselves. Of course, you are a distraction! I should be concentrating and meditating about the battle and instead I'm here with you...allowing myself to get lost in your sweet caresses and soft smell of your skin. No!\" He finished in frustrated anger. Katherine was taken aback with his honest and anxious reply. She gazed at him in silence for a little while. \" I understand.\" She said at last with a cracking voice and began to walk away. Ujio watched her leave with the utmost heartache, longing and deep love illuminated his features. He couldn't believe that few minutes ago, he was this close to getting what he desired for so long. And yet, deep down he felt strongly prevailed to have restrained himself. This was for the best. For both of them. When Katherine lazily trailed back to Taka's place, she found Katsumoto and most of his samurai all assembled and ready, evidently waiting for something or someone? She took a deep breath and quickly composed herself. It was useless to get upset with Ujio. He was always so icy and cold. What was she thinking? She was such a fool to believe that something could come out of them as a couple. No wonder Katherine had chosen Nobutada over him. Without doubt, he was a better man. Her light eyes scanned the area and they immediately fell on her dear father, who had just come out of the house. \"My darling girl!\" Exclaimed the British linguist surprised. \"I thought you were still asleep!\" Katherine shushed her father and smiled at him weakly, her eyes darting towards the thoughtful Katsumoto and the rest of his men. They were very still, silent and patiently awaited for a certain someone. \"Oh! Of course, my apologies.\" Simon whispered softly, placing himself next to Katherine as color rose to his cheeks. Katsumoto's steadfast gaze settled on the jolly man and the pretty girl. He greeted them with a short acknowledging nod and the father and daughter bowed at him in return. Katherine began to realize that the individual the samurai group were waiting was none other than the former American Captain. Just then, the door of Taka's house slid open and as predicted, Nathan Algren exited. What a sight it was indeed! For a moment, Katherine forgot to breathe. She stared jaw-dropped at the proud, confident and handsome figure of her dear friend. What shocked her so was the armor Nathan was wearing. It was Hirotaro's crimson armor! That very one which he had worn on the fateful day of his death...that very one that Taka had placed upright in a small shrine. Could it be? Did she approve of this? Then it hit her! Of course, she did! Taka was probably the one who clothed him. Katherine couldn't help but smile brightly at him, and Nathan also flushed her a charming grin. Everyone, absolutely everyone was highly impressed with the American. The growing admiration that Katsumoto and the samurai warriors had for him was hard not to notice. \"My God, he belongs with them.\" Whispered the awe-struck Mr. Graham to his daughter. A sharp rapid command caught Katherine's attention and to her astonishment, Ujio appeared in his jet black armor with gold points on the breast-plate; he wasn't wearing the infamous horned helmet yet. His eyes were fixed at the American before him and for a second, Katherine thought that he'd be furious to see Nathan in Hirotaro's red armor. Fortunately, nothing of that kind happened, the tough samurai neared the American, studied his form, nodded in approval and roughly adjusted Hirotaro-well...now Nathan's armor. After all those months, the two men had finally come to a mutual understanding. Ujio motioned Nathan to walk towards Katsumoto, who obeyed immediately and went up to the leader. The tough samurai, before stationing himself next to his horse, caught Kitty's eyes and held her gaze for a moment. Nathan walked up to Katsumoto, who looked at him with an impressed countenance. He was no longer recognizing an enemy in the American, but a friend, a comrade, a fellow...samurai. The honorable warlord held up a beautiful...and obviously a newly made katana and offered it to Nathan. \"You will need this.\" He bowed in respect. Dumbstruck Nathan slowly took the magnificent sword and let out a small gasp. Japanese characters were etched on the blade. \"What does it say?\" He looked back at Katsumoto. \"I belong to the warrior in whom the old ways have joined the new.\" Silence fell among them and there was a pause, before Katsumoto turned to face his army. He uncovered his katana and let out a battle cry, every other warrior followed his suit. Katherine's blood began to chill at the sound, her mind darted back to the very first time she had heard the terrific cries of war from the samurai. She had relieved so much since then, and yet in that moment, she believed she'd pass out from shock. Now however, Katherine confidently lifted up her chin and watched the warriors before her with pride and joy. Mr. Graham looked equally pleased and bewildered with this. Soon after, Katsumoto and Nathan mounted their horses, Nakao and others including the Silent 'Bob' did exactly the same while the villagers began to spread out and make way for them. Taka exited the house together with her two sons and started to walk towards the rice fields, where she'd have a better view of the departing group. Mr. Graham climbed up on his horse, securing his camera equipment and kissed his daughter goodbye for a little while. He was going to escort the army to the battle and then before the war would begin, retreat in safety...after all, he was no warrior but he really wanted to be there for Algren somehow. Katherine was slightly anxious of having her father away as well, and yet she knew he wouldn't step down. So persuading him was definitely not an option. All she could do was pray for him to stay sound and for horrible weapons of war not to reach him. Even though, chances were minimal, she also hoped to Highest Heaven for Nathan to make it out alive. She knew that there was no use with the samurai, they were determined to die in this final battle. But at least Nathan had to live! A sudden urge of sobbing bitterly came upon her however, she couldn't...she didn't have strength to cry out. Automatically, Katherine made to follow Taka to get a good look at the departing warriors, Nathan and her father. But in that very moment, she felt a hand on her shoulder, jerking nervously, she turned around only to meet Ujio's dark, penetrating gaze once more. She stared at him questionably, unable to comprehend why he wasn't already with the army. Ujio didn't look like he wanted to say anything instead, he observed her and soaked every single detail of her \" What are you doing?\" Kitty asked at last, very confused. \"This is the last time I will be seeing you.\" Ujio began softly, never ripping his eyes off of her. \" I want to remember everything about you...beauty, warmth, passion, fire, delicacies of your form...oh, and your sharp-tongue of course.\" He added with a slight chuckle. Katherine gazed at him with her saddened eyes. \"You've seen enough already.\" She spoke coldly and left him, rapidly making her way towards Taka, Higen, and Magojiro. She couldn't deal with this right now. Wasn't Ujio the one who asked her to leave? Why was making this even more difficult? Ujio sighed deeply, clearly hurt with the young woman's attitude at him. Nevertheless, he allowed himself to turn his eyes away from her and mounted his black steed. So many things he wished to share with her, so many things had been left unsaid. Letting her slip away from him that very morning...was that even a good idea? In no time, the horses were snapped into a gallop and the great samurai army began to ride to battle. The spectators watching them bowed in deep gratitude, honor, and respect. Katherine stood next to Taka and observed the departing warriors with a heavy heart. She allowed a small tiny tear to roll down her cheek. \"Goodbye.\" She whispered, biting her lip. Ujio's eyes darted one last time at the pretty figure of Katherine and he realized that not telling her the most important thing he desired her to know, would probably haunt him forever. He had always been ready to die in battle like an honorable samurai. And yet for the very first time, he felt regretful about the choices he had made. Next few hours dragged on incredibly slowly for Katherine. She was tortured with thoughts of the horrible battle that raged on somewhere not too far away from the village. She had tried to busy herself and help Taka with the chores but neither she, or Taka could do anything. They were both struggling to stay sane. Finally, the Japanese woman gave up and decided to meditate together with Higen while Katherine was stuck with playful Magojiro. The chubby boy was lively and demanded to play like he usually did. So in order to divert her mind, Kitty began to engage in a hide and seek game with the little toddler. As Magojiro raced to find a perfect hiding place, Katherine began to cover her eyes and count. They were both in the wide open meadows, so right away, the boy ran down to the nearest hut and hid himself. Kitty finished counting and loudly alerted her tiny friend that she was coming to find him. Just then, she heard a strange sound from behind. Thinking that it was probably Magojiro unable to come up with a hiding place, returned to ask for a second chance, Kitty turned around. She was already shaking her head with an amused smile however, she'd been terribly wrong. Instead of finding the chubby boy, she met the most unsuspecting picture. Shocked and surprised, Katherine held back a squeal. Without doubt, she was visited by the magnificent white horse! The same white beauty who had caused so much disturbance in the village and such great turmoil in Ujio. The noble animal stood calmly, facing the girl before her. What was the meaning of this? Why was this majestic creature back? Katherine had never been a superstitious person but she was beginning to grow uneasy. The stoic state of the white mare caused the curious woman to slowly advance towards the animal. \"What are you doing here?\" The horse let out a soft nicker in return which surprised Katherine even more. The animal no longer resembled a wild, untamed beast. Gently and cautiously, the girl reached out to touch its neck. The horse didn't even flinch at Kitty's soft touch. Feeling bit more confident, Katherine ran her hands on the animals back and there was a pause...as if the horse had froze. Suddenly the mare made a flighty movement, neighed loudly and caused Katherine to fall forward exactly on its back. Before the girl knew it, she was hanging on to a galloping horse's back like a draped cloth. Katherine let out a frightful scream, shutting her eyes and hoping that this was all just a vision. One more chapter to go! ","Summary":" Chapter 1 Change Of Plans Katherine Graham sat in her room, her thoughts were deeply engrossed in h"}]