[{"Movie":"Bedknobs and Broomsticks","Title":"Magic, She Uttered","Author":"ASianSuccessor2012","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11984591","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Summary: Even during the war, the townsfolk of Pepperinge Eye live their own normal lives and Eglantine Price is no exception. Often enchanting, often eventful, often terrifying and often hilarious, she and the Rawlins children never pass up a chance of sharing misadventures of their own, even if their normal is not what most expect it to be. Rating: K+ although Rating is subject to change Genres: Adventure & Humor Disclaimer: I own absolutely nothing (but the story). All rights belong to Disney and their creative minds. Prologue: Early on a Sunday morning at precisely 7:30 while the Rawlins children she had been looking after for quite some time were still fast asleep, after brewing herself a pot of piping hot, fresh peppermint tea, a slightly drowsy but thoroughly alert Eglantine Price gently hurried to her workroom, not expectant of mail-order spells like before although expectant of something else. Last night, she received a letter in the mail although she had been fully blown and toppled over with a wave of exhaustion over the first day of the weekend running countless errands in town that she had no time, or energy for that matter, to spend time unraveling it and reading it herself. Although she could have gotten any of the children to open it for her, or even read it, the first and only detail she noticed was that this letter was addressed in her name and she preferred to take care of it on her own, knowing certain members of the young Rawlins family had the tendency to snoop against her will at times, be it in innocence (mostly from Paul) or just plain persistence (namely Charlie). She sat down at her desk once filled with files and documents of the spells sent over to her from London some time ago and lying on the center of her tabletop was the envelope that carried the letter. Once she scanned the penmanship of her name, written finely yet lovingly, her face formed into a placid yet genuinely warm smile knowing exactly who mailed it to her and who else could it be but her beloved Professor Emelius Browne, now simply Emelius to her and a fine father figure to the children. Without a moment's hesitation, she briskly tore the flap of the envelope apart, pulling out a folded and mildly crumpled yet rigid piece of brown paper, unfolding it to reveal its message. It had been nearly ages since Emelius had addressed a letter to her and the children mostly due to his duties as a soldier serving with the Home Guard and now overseas in some of the farthest regions of Europe from England and it somewhat saddened her to know that he was further away from them but also relieved her to know that he was still as upright and chipper as the day they first met, noticing it through the letters he sent and eventual parcel he made time to send over to Pepperinge Eye. Content and obviously overjoyed, she placed her spectacles on her face and began to read the letter, imagining the voice of the mentor and man she missed so dearly... My dear Eglantine, Greetings to you and the children! Surprise, surprise...it's me! How long has it been? Two...three months now since I last sent you a letter? I apologize for being unable to write back as much as I would have wanted as my time of service in the army lately wouldn't allow me to do so. Travelling overseas really does all it can in its power to muddle time and commitment, just as war does, really. Now the reason I write, you ask? Certainly because I still am missing you and the children so but another reason, you ask? There's a little something I would like you to do for me...and no, my dear, it has nothing to do with clearing out my old estate in London. It'll be no trouble at all. In fact, I would very much like the children to get involved in this too. I think it's something they would really grow to fancy. Now, before I give you all the details, there is something I must confess. Out of the country, the terrors of this war have gone haywire and I'd rather not tell you everything about what is going on and it is with deep regret that my service will need my undivided attention, meaning that it will be much more difficult for us to correspond any longer, that is, until this particular mission is over. That brings us to the favor I ask of you and the children. Now, this really is no rush but for these next few months or so, I would like you all to take some time out of your day to write everything. Everything you want to share with me with what happens in your daily lives. Stories, adventures, misadventures, birthdays, so on and so forth, anything at all! Now you see why it's no rush! I want you to write as much as you can and bind them into a book of some sorts. Think of this as a journal or a scrapbook of memoirs that you'd likely keep to yourself, except, you're writing it for me. You don't need to address any of these to me with a \"Dear Emelius\" or anything. The point is, my dear, the very reason why I asked you of quite a lofty favor is so that through every experience you and the children share throughout our days apart, I can live vicariously through them when I get the chance to read them, that is, once you've finished. How long will it take, you ask? That is entirely up to you. Take as much time as you need because at this point, it's indefinite. Perhaps the next time you receive a letter from me is the right time to send this over. Trust me; it will be as if I never left you, or as if you all never let me go for that matter. Before you get started, always remember this...it really doesn't matter how long you write or what you choose to write as long as you write it with a flair! Jolly good luck to you and I can hardly wait to see where life has taken you and the children thus far, All my love, Emelius Browne Miss Price slowly lowered the piece of paper from her view and she couldn't help but release a sigh out of reminiscence, a tinge of bittersweetness and a sudden spark of curiosity. She began to wonder, how on earth would she be able pull this off? Emelius Browne had asked quite a hefty favor from her and naturally, out of her determination, she knew very well that she had to get it done and get it done well. Of course, not without the help of the precocious children under her care as Emelius had mentioned. As she sipped on her peppermint tea, she heard a knock from her workroom door and immediately knowing who was behind it, she perked her head up and quickly removed the spectacles from her eyes, placing them on her desk. \"Come in!\" she called gently but loud enough for the children to hear. Carrie then slowly opened the wooden door to a creak and showed herself and her brothers in. \"Good morning children! You're quite early today,\" Miss Price greeted them pleasantly, although wondering why they decided to start their day at such a time, \"Why is that?\" \"Well, we couldn't resist the lovely fresh scent of your peppermint tea from upstairs so we followed the scent to the kitchen. We didn't know it would lead to your workroom,\" Carrie explained with a chuckle, her pleasant disposition and constant smile something Miss Price had gotten used to over their stay in her home. \"Would you care for some, Carrie? Charles? Paul?\" she asked, holding onto her teapot, turning to the two boys, \"There are more cups in the kitchen if you need them and for you Paul, a lump of sugar, if you want.\" \"Nah, no thank you, Miss Price,\" Charlie took a step forward towards their guardian smiling smugly and blurted out before Paul could respond, \"Besides, the real reason we came down 'ere is to see wot you were up to early this mornin'. T'was Paul's idea, as always! 'E's always been quite the snooper in this 'ouse'old.\" \"Oi, wait a minute! Why'd you always 'ave to put the blame on me for everything?\" the youngest of the children pouted, shuffling to Carrie's side for defense. Having heard a similar argument through and through that it was almost mechanical, Miss Price had no choice but to intervene before Charlie could say another word. \"Charles, will you kindly refrain from admonishing your brother?\" she addressed him firmly, \"He's simply curious as to what's going on this fine morning and that's completely alright with me. Haven't we talked about this enough already?\" \"Guess so...but it gets on me last nerve every time,\" Charlie rolled his eyes in response followed by a shake of his head. No matter how much he found the perfect opportunity to pick on his little brother, there was no way in the world that he would win a quarrel just as long as Miss Price was involved. Throughout his stay under her roof, he has learned, even quite harshly that absolutely nothing can get past Miss Price. \"Well, now that you're all up, there's something I've been meaning to tell you children,\" she began in her naturally calm tone yet with a hint of alarm. The children exchanged expressions, both of curiosity and confusion. It's been quite a while since they've heard these very words eject Miss Price's lips. \"Wot is it?\" Paul chimed, rushing to Miss Price's lap. \"Is it Mr. Browne?\" Carrie exclaimed excitedly in her question, hoping very hard that this man who had been the closest thing to a father to her had finally written back to Miss Price after all this time. \"In point of fact, yes; this has something to do with Mr. Browne,\" Miss Price replied with one of the most pleasant of smiles she wore in a long time at the mention of his name. \"'Ow is 'e?\" Charlie quickly piped up. \"Well, by the looks of it, he's doing alright, busy as usual, in one piece, thank Heavens,\" their guardian rambled in response, \"But what I really meant to tell you was that he asked me to do something for him and he wants you children to help me out.\" Their expressions faded into absolute curiosity, somewhat intrigued as to what their dear Mr. Browne could possibly ask of them. Whatever it was, they knew for certain that if it had to do with him, it had to be something interesting, weird and wonderful, entertaining and undoubtedly done with a flair, as he always said. \"Anything, Miss Price!\" Carrie nodded in agreement on behalf of her brothers, who also nodded in turn, \"Now, what is it that Mr. Browne wanted us to do.\" Miss Price's lips suddenly curved into an amused and elated grin as she was eager to share this little mission with these children. She never thought that she would be as excited as she was now if they hadn't been involved in the very least. \"How about I read you his letter first?\" she beckoned the three to gather around her desk as she picked up the piece of paper once more, \"It will tell you everything you need to know.\" As the four of them gathered together, reading-re-reading, in Miss Price's case-what Mr. Browne had to say, the children had no idea what was in store for them for these next few days to come but Miss Price already had a few ideas. Whatever would happen, whatever they'd write, it didn't matter how long it would take or what they chose to write about, as long as they did it with a flair. Author's Note: Hello everyone! How was that for an introduction? So, normally I write my author's notes at the beginning of each story and each chapter, but for this particular story, I just thought I'd save it for the end because, this story actually has something to do with you readers. In case you've noticed (or haven't noticed), the title of this story, \"Magic, She Uttered,\" is parodied after and inspired by Angela Lansbury's famous show, \"Murder, She Wrote,\" and since both Eglantine Price and Jessica Fletcher are portrayed by the same wonderful actress, I thought I'd have a little fun with this. \"Magic, She Uttered\" is a multi-chapter story I'm making into one-shot collections and what would make this even more fun is having YOU, sending me prompts or topics to write about featuring these wonderful characters in \"Bedknobs and Broomsticks,\" setting the stage for their own little adventures and misadventures taking place after the movie. GOT A PROMPT? Just send them through PM or review. I will take every prompt into consideration and whoever gets picked for a certain chapter, you will be credited. Remember, constructive criticism for this story (or any of my stories, really) is absolutely welcome. I admit, I haven't been actively writing for fanfiction for very long, I have stories to continue and update and I'm just getting back to it after a while and I would definitely appreciate it if you'd help me out too. Please spare the flames and don't include them in your reviews. Other than that, it's wonderful to be back and I can't wait to hear your inputs, ideas and prompts for \"Magic, She Uttered.\" Have fun! ~ASianSuccessor2012 ","Summary":" Summary: Even during the war, the townsfolk of Pepperinge Eye live their own normal lives and Eglan"},{"Movie":"Bedknobs and Broomsticks","Title":"Another Secret Mission","Author":"tmwillson3","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11345041","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Another Secret Mission Author's Disclaimer: No, I don't own Bedknobs and Broomsticks, or any of the songs related to that movie. All rights go to their respective owners. The Disney club on deviantart is having a contest that involves live action movies, so I decided to contribute with two stories, including this one for Bedknobs and Broomsticks. I have always loved this movie, so it was fun to do something for it, getting in some fluff, family action, and patriotic feeling. I hope you enjoy it! ~~~~~~~-BBBBBBBBBBBB-~~~~~~~ The first letter came one week after Mr. Browne left to join the army. Miss Price had come back with the mail, her face aglow. All three children gathered around, curious about what had her looking so happy after almost a week of sad looks from her. \"What is it, Miss Price?\" asked Paul. \"It's a letter from Mr. Browne for me,\" she answered. \"Well? Are you going to open it, or just keep smiling and staring at it?\" replied Charlie. \"Hush now,\" said Miss Price, \"I will in just a moment. I'm just surprised. He remembered us, so soon.\" Carrie knew in that moment that Miss Price loved Mr. Browne. Perhaps there was hope yet for them all to be a family. One week later, another letter arrived, this time addressed to Charlie. Miss Price had answered the first letter immediately, letting all of the children have a chance to say hello to Mr. Browne before she sent it out, telling him of the happenings in Pepperinge Eye. She made sure to mention how glad she was to hear from him again, and that she hoped he would continue to send letters. Miss Price did not mind that the letter went to Charlie instead. She just smiled and gave the letter to Charlie, asking for a chance to write something in Charlie's reply back. Charlie agreed. Another week later, a letter came for Carrie. The next week, it was for Paul, and Miss Price received the one after. Each week, all looked forward to the letters, none more so than Miss Price. And so it came to be that the Correspondence College turned into a Correspondence Collage. All took turns writing bits of letters to Mr. Browne so that he would not be behind when he came back from the war. As a result of all the letters, Emelius got to hear what each of the children thought of school when they started it in Pepperinge Eye, of all the trials and tribulations. He even gave advice in response to what the boys wrote. He also heard about the clean-up and moving of all the artifacts back to the castle, the town still confused how it all got there. Some said it was magic, and Eglantine shared the rumors with relish. But what Emelius preferred to read most was when Eglantine told him how the kids were growing up. How they all were bonding more, with Carrie in the kitchen to help make a bigger variety of dishes, and the boys helping to rebuild the blown-up bits of the house. Eglantine proved to be quite handy with tools, and the boys learned more respect for her after that. And when it was decided that Miss Price was going to adopt the children formally, Mr. Browne did one better than send letters: he came in person. Mrs. Hobday smiled and clapped her hands at seeing the outpouring of love as the four met and hugged Mr. Browne, speaking of how wonderful it was. For a brief time, they acted like a family. That night, Emelius and Eglantine talked long into the night. There was much time to make up for, and they both had missed one another. While getting up to get a drink, Carrie noted with pleasure that they held hands while talking. When Mr. Browne left the next day, some hugs lingered more than others, and Miss Price was quiet the rest of the day. She brightened up once a letter arrived for her a week later. Unfortunately, that was to be only time that Mr. Browne could come to Pepperinge Eye during the war, as he was needed. But all were proud of him for committing himself like that and doing his part to help the war effort over the next few years. Eglantine took great pleasure in telling Mrs. Hobday about what sorts of things he did to help, and Mrs. Hobday believed her since there were so many letters. There were a few times that he could not always send weekly letters, and he always had a good story to write afterward as to why. Then, one fateful day, V-E Day came. Celebrations were held throughout the town, the Old Home Guard marching with confetti and singing of the victory. The Price family participated in the parties, but they were still wondering how and when Mr. Browne would come home. They figured his next letter would give an official date of his arrival. Instead, Mr. Browne delivered himself. Each child got a running start as they hugged Mr. Browne and welcomed him home. For his part, he smiled and returned the hugs just as fiercely, glad to be back. His hug was much tighter while holding Miss Price, but no one said anything of it. Indeed, most were concerned that she would overpower him if anything. She had been the first to see him, and she had practically flown over to him once she recognized him. At one point in her life, Miss Price may have wanted to be nobody's problem, but she did not feel like that anymore, between the children and her growing friendship with Mr. Browne. Mr. Browne was given a hero's welcome for his part in the war effort, and the town had a party for him that night. While at the party, Emelius told many stories, all with a flair as only he could. He told of the things he saw, as well as how he kept morale up in his ranks by performing with all the tricks he used to sell, eventually selling many over the years. At the end of the night, Mr. Browne escorted the Price family home. A bed was already ready for him, and he accepted it, grateful to sleep in a real bed after so long. There had never been a formal discussion between him and Eglantine, or even between her and the children about whether or not he would stay with them; it was always just assumed that he would. Everyone in town expected it as well after all that was seen and rumored, if Mrs. Hobday was someone to be trusted. The first few weeks were happy times in the Price household. Even Cosmic Creepers was happy to see him again, going between his legs every opportunity afforded, switching between him and Eglantine. Cosmic Creepers still did not like Charlie, but they tolerated one another now. Emelius had learned much about building and heavy labor during the war, so he threw himself into helping the boys make more repairs to the home. Sometimes, he would appear in the kitchen. Carrie would let him stand in the doorway and watch for a time, as he seemed to like doing that, but eventually she turned around and encouraged him to stand next to Miss Price so that he could see what they were doing. He was always happy to stand next to Miss Price, and she felt the same about Emelius, if her smile was anything to go by. Eventually, Emelius found a job in town, helping the castle museum with decorating and advertising. It was a steady source of income, and he endeared himself to the town even more by making more appearances, just as Eglantine had started to do since picking up the children. It was sometime after that that Emelius found Paul in his bedroom one day. Paul had grown much taller, his hair even blonder than before, but he was at least less moody than his brother had been at that age, the age of not believing. He had a smile that made everyone like him, even if he still spoke without thinking. \"Paul, I need to ask you a serious question.\" \"What is it?\" Paul replied with confusion. \"Do you still have that enchanted bedknob after all these years?\" \"Of course,\" answered Paul, \"I would have to if I were still taking those adventures like I've described in my letters, wouldn't I?\" \"I don't remember seeing any adventures in the last year, and I was afraid that you had finally stopped using it,\" replied Emelius. \"No way would I do that! It's so much fun! It's great to see people's faces when we all just appear on a bed like that. But what do you need the bedknob for?\" asked Paul. Emelius made some wild hand gestures before clasping his hands together and wringing them, uncertainty on his face. Finally, he nodded his head and spoke. \"Well, Paul, the fact of the matter is that I love Miss Price. Ever since we danced in the beautiful briny sea, I've been falling for her. I was a fool and coward to run away-\" \"But you came back to help us,\" interrupted Paul. \"Yes, I did, because the thought of her getting hurt made me realize how much I care about her. Of course, I was in no position to ask her to marry me, with a war going on and all. That, and I had nothing to offer her or the rest of you. I was a conman, a charlatan, a fraud, a joke. I had to prove myself worthy, and now I have.\" \"So what're you going to do now?\" \"I'm going on a secret mission, just like Eglantine had to help with the war effort. I'm going to make Miss Price respectable at last, and give you the father you innocently suggested some years ago. But, before I propose marriage, I need a ring. That's where I need your help,\" he said, reaching out and poking Paul in the chest. \"How can I help? And what does the bedknob have to do with it?\" \"I need to go to London, back to Portobello Road. I have a friend there who sells jewelry. I plan to bring all three of you with me to help me pick out one that would suit her tastes.\" \"Why and when are we all going to London?\" asked Charlie as he barged into the room after listening at the door. \"And what's this about Miss Price?\" said Carrie as she followed Charlie. \"Mr. Browne is going to marry Miss Price!\" shouted Paul with excitement. \"Shh, be quiet now. It's not official until I ask her, and I don't want her to find out this way,\" said Emelius, blushing. \"Bout time you did the proper thing,\" said Charlie. \"Yeah, we've been hoping for ages, and Miss Price is so sad whenever you don't correspond with her,\" added Carrie. \"Yes, yes, I know. I should have done it long ago, but I was unsure if I would make it. I couldn't take that chance and break her heart.\" \"You would have either way,\" replied Carrie, \"but now you're here and fixing the situation. When are we going to London?\" \"Next weekend. She'll be out of the house to take care of laundry and other errands. She won't notice our absence for a few hours.\" \"We could just say that we want to go somewhere together,\" said Paul. \"No, she'll suspect something. Just be ready with that bedknob. I'm counting on you all to help with this secret mission. Don't let me down,\" said Emelius. All agreed on a time, and then they all left the room to go about their daily tasks. Sure enough, come next weekend, all the clean clothing that Emelius had left was his uniform, so while Eglantine went into town to do her errands, the other four went off to London. Portobello Road had not changed a bit in the five years since they had last visited. If anything, there were more stalls, and even more people wandering about, looking at the rare alabaster, new Botticellis, and society heirlooms with genuine gems. Emelius gave the children some money to use as they pleased, since he could actually afford it now. While he looked at books and conversed with old friends from his days of street-selling, the children took off in all directions, looking at the wares. It did not take long before the boys found old weaponry and began to have a sword fight in the street, only to have some soldiers jump in and begin showing them how to properly hold the sword and show-off. Meanwhile, Carrie looked for nicer, softer fabrics that she could make dresses out of, as well as find some accessories to wear with the dresses. Once she was done with that, she made her way over to Mr. Browne, still talking away with street sellers. She came in at the tail-end of a war story, only for him to launch into a story about \"his Eglantine\". \"I didn't think I'd amount to much in my life. I thought I'd be like old Walter, a wastrel and solid citizen, alone and poor. And then Eglantine stepped into my life, her and her three children. I'll never forget it. Now, I can help her around her home. Why, just the other day, she had broken her glasses, and so I offered my services.\" Carrie chuckled to herself. She recalled the story well, as she had watched Miss Price place her glasses down, only for the screws in her glasses to suddenly pop out, causing Miss Price to yelp. The glasses broke, and she had gotten down on her knees to search blindly for the screws. Emelius appeared after hearing the noise, and he got down on his knees to help look. What had been funny was how many times the two ran into one another while searching. Carrie was inclined to believe that the run-ins had been accidental at first, them both fumbling with apologies, but soon Miss Price stopped apologizing, and Mr. Browne smiled more and managed to end up holding her hand or placing one of his hands on her shoulder. It took hours to find those screws, both being found at the same time by him. After the story was told, Emelius excused himself and joined Carrie. \"Carrie, did you do as I asked and figure out her ring size?\" \"I did,\" replied Carrie with a conspiratorial grin, \"Size seven. Have you found your friend?\" \"I have. Let's go,\" he said. On their way to the stall, Paul and Charlie joined up with them to add in their two cents about what ring to get, saying that they knew her better and would therefore have a better idea of what would suit her tastes. After twenty minutes of looking at what rings were offered, two rings were found. Both were simple and in good taste, and so the group argued between themselves which one was better. Emelius and Carrie argued one ring, while Charlie and Paul thought the other was better. Carrie's argument won the day, and so Emelius asked how much the ring was. His friend gave him a discount, but it was still more than he had brought with him. \"Are you sure it has to be this one, my friend?\" \"This one is best. It fits her well. For my Eglantine, only the best will do. After all she's done for me, she deserves so much more than this. Can't you help me out a little more?\" \"This one is one of my best. Sorry I can't do more,\" the seller said, his shoulders sagging at the thought of not being able to help his friend. The children all looked crushed, though not as bad as Emelius. He felt like he had failed. He was ready to put back the ring and buy the other one when a random stranger appeared behind him. \"What's this, soldier? You trying to get something for your girl?\" \"I am,\" replied Emelius, \"I want to get something proper for her at last. I'm finally able to.\" \"Then allow me to help. Here,\" he said, handing over the needed money to the seller, \"this should cover it.\" \"Thank you, but you really don't-\" \"Don't mention it. You did your part to help in the war. Thank you for your service,\" said the stranger with a smile before he walked away. The children all stared in awe, and Emelius smiled his biggest smile yet. \"It looks like I have the ring now, thanks to that kind stranger. It's a step in the right direction toward doing right by all of you. One should never look a gift horse in the mouth, after all. Come on, children, let's go home and get the surprise ready, shall we?\" All the kids nodded in excitement, and they went home to make the preparations. A few hours later, the kids had eaten, and dinner was set-up for two on the table. Emelius stepped out from his room, all dressed up. Carrie helped fix his tie, while the boys went and got the flowers that had been picked and set them up on the table in a vase. While Carrie helped with the tie, she asked, \"When do you think you'll get married?\" \"With any luck, by the end of this year. It'll be a small ceremony since neither of us have much family outside of Pepperinge Eye.\" \"Can I be a bridesmaid?\" asked Carrie excitedly. \"Of course. I expect nothing less from you after all your hinting remarks about her over the years.\" \"She loves you,\" said Carrie. \"I hope so, as I love her so much. I can't imagine not having her in my life. The same goes for you and your brothers.\" Carrie smiled and gave him a hug when she finished. Then, the boys came in. While Charlie arranged the flowers on the table, Paul approached Emelius. \"So, we're going to be a family at last?\" \"Yes. Miss Price will be your mother, and I'll be your father. All one, big family at last.\" \"I can't wait. Hurry it up,\" said Paul as he hugged his future father. When Paul and Carrie went for the stairs, Charlie approached Emelius. \"I did as you asked and looked out for the family. So, what're your intentions toward our mother? Are you going to take care of her and love her? Make her happy?\" \"Yes, I'm going to do all those things,\" said Emelius with a smile, \"I'm going to love and cherish her every day of my life. Aren't you going to ask what you're going to get out of all this?\" \"Nah, I already know what I'm getting in all this: a new father. And I couldn't be happier. But if you don't take care of her,\" said Charlie seriously, letting his sentence hang. \"I know. You're going to use substitutiary locomotion and get a knight to get rid of me and maintain her honor. Or else turn me into a rabbit and feed me to Cosmic Creepers,\" he replied just as seriously. Charlie laughed outright at such thoughts. \"I just might. Maybe then Cosmic Creepers would like me.\" \"All in good time. Right, Cosmic Creepers? You like me and want me in this family, right?\" At that moment, Cosmic Creepers waltzed between Emelius's legs and then jumped into his arms, nuzzling against his chest. \"Looks like you have to stay,\" said Charlie with a smile. \"So it seems. Let's hope she wants me.\" \"She does,\" said Charlie with authority. At that moment, Eglantine's transportation could be heard parking outside, and so Charlie headed for the stairs. The three children crouched down on the landing until Eglantine walked in, confused when Emelius opened the door to the romantic table and lack of children. \"Emelius, what is this? Where're the children?\" \"They're busy upstairs. Don't worry about them. You've been busy today. Come over here and have something to eat.\" \"Oh! My favorite! And you're all dressed up. What's going on? Emelius,\" she said, a smile starting to form. \"You deserve a night off sometimes. And besides, I had wanted to talk to you privately about something,\" he said, motioning for her to sit down. \"What is this important topic? Does it involve the children?\" she asked with concern. \"It does indirectly. They're currently without a father. I've got a job and a willingness to make things right and help them have a family. But I'm missing a fundamental element, love. In particular, someone to love.\" Upon saying that, Emelius got up and knelt down in front of Eglantine. She smiled her encouragement. \"I know I was a coward and fool before, but I've changed my ways. I want to be a better man because of you and the children. You make me want to be and were my main source of comfort as I was a soldier. I wanted nothing more than to come home to you.\" \"What are you trying to say, Emelius?\" He smiled and took both of her hands as he stood up, her following in his wake. The children smiled as he started to dance in a circle with her. \"Eglantine, Eglantine, oh how you shine. Your lot and my lot have got to combine.\" The children took that moment to hurry upstairs, as they saw the ring appear, as well as a smile on Eglantine's face. They knew that the secret mission had been successful. The kiss was coming, and it happened in privacy. In the morning, the news was made, with no one's smile being bigger than Eglantine's. She really did shine that morning, and she would again on her wedding day in front of the whole town. A few days after that, the adoption papers were signed again, and they became an official family, at last. ~~~~~~~~~~-BBBBBBBBBBB-~~~~~~~~~~~ Author's Notes: So much fluff. Sweet and lovely, as I always imagined it would end up being for that family. I managed to include a reference to every song in the soundtrack, so I was proud of myself for that. I love all the music in that movie, as it is very catchy. Thanks so much for reading! I hope you enjoyed it! ","Summary":" Another Secret Mission Author's Disclaimer: No, I don't own Bedknobs and Broomsticks, or any of the"},{"Movie":"Bedknobs and Broomsticks","Title":"Her Man and Her Family","Author":"ASianSuccessor2012","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8709852","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Hi everyone! So this is my first fanfic on this site. Basically, this takes place after the war and while the children are sleeping, Mr. Browne confesses his feelings for Miss Price, how he always admired her ever since the day they met in London...Will she love him back or not? Find out in my first B&B; fanfic ever! Please remember to review, they are much appreciated and no flames please! Constructive criticism is welcome just in case I need to improve on some things (especially if the characters are OOC). Thanks a lot everyone, and enjoy! Disclaimer: I do not own anything, they all belong to Disney. Please don't forget to Review! They make me happy :) Just a few hours after the war, Charlie, Paul and Carrie were tucked in bed that night, their thoughts returning to that glorious moment. That triumphant night when the battle of the old museum's knights in shining armors fought the Nazis under the command of their courageous and patriotic, enchanting guardian, Miss Price, with her magic, setting her heart and achieving her ambition of setting England free from the war once and for all. After hanging over to that once in a lifetime moment of glory, the children are left with hoping that sweet dreams would catch up with them, as it has been a rather long day and night for all of them. All in one day, the children, Mr. Browne and Miss Price took flight on the small, cramped but comfortable, enchanted bed all the way to Portobello Road, the vibrant and bustling street market in the very heart of London in search of the magical element bearing the name \"Substitutiary Locomotion\" in order to make those inanimate army of medieval knights take on a life force of their own, and because of their perseverance, they finally got what they have found. Not only did they get what they needed, but they also encountered a great many hindrances, obstacles, road-bumps and most memorably, adventures such as the arrival on the Isle of Naboombu, seemed to tie Mr. Browne, Miss Price and the children closer together. As a matter of fact, at that very night, when Miss Price failed her attempt to keep her personal household objects in order due to their being under control by the spell, despite her disappointment, her ever so confident and optimistic mentor, Mr. Browne was there to cheer her up when she needed it the most. Those thoughts all went back to the children's minds as they lay in bed and neither one of them could stop thinking about how that particular day was quite a roller coaster ride for them all with its \"ups\" and downs\" they faced and overcame. Of course, the children certainly had enough of these twists and turns for one day. They needed to get some rest, for they had a whole new day ahead of them, with the Nazis long gone and never to interfere with their lives ever again. The children, being orphans who came all the way from London, learned how to be more thankful that someone as enchanting and quick-thinking as Miss Price was taking care of them over the course of the war without anyone else to look after them. Not only did they learn something from this intriguing experience but Miss Price also learned such a valuable lesson in life in becoming more caring, compassionate and welcoming, as well as learning how to live life less independently and living a less lonely life that she used to have. These thoughts and morals were running through her mind as she stood by the door, her eyes turning to the children who were nearly ready for bed. Miss Price realized that there was so much more to living life with those who matter most than just living a lonely life dependent on nothing but magic. In the room where the children slept, Charlie, Carrie and Paul, were all dressed up in their comfortable night clothes and ready for bed. Even if it has been a long day for them, they were all worn out but they still could not stop conversing to themselves about the adventures and experiences they've had going through all the trouble to find that magical element to save England from the war. Oh, what a day it has been for those youngsters. \"Oi, I still remember the time poor ol' Mr. Browne got chased by the animals in Naboombu in the soccer match!\" perked up Paul, rolling on the bed, laughing along with his older brother and sister, \"Don't you two remember?\" \"'Come of it y'little bloke, 'course I remember! Never 'ad a better time in me 'ole life than this!\" smiled Charlie proudly as he turned to his sister, throwing her the next question of the very same topic in mind, \"What was your most favorite part of today Carrie?\" \"Oh, 'ow could I ever forget? My MOST favorite part of today was when we were down at the Naboombu Lagoon when Mr. Browne and Miss Price did that ever so wonderful dance!\" sighed Carrie dreamily, \"Oh how romantic it must 'ave been...\" Miss Price chuckled at the young girl's remark and sighed happily. Could she really be suspecting that he and Miss Price were having a romantic moment dancing down in the lagoon? How could they be? \"He is my mentor, my friend and I am his pupil and assistant, nothing more than that. But how does Mr. Browne perhaps feel about me? Was this a dance for romance ? Was this dance a subtle way of showing that he was slowly falling for me?\" she thought as she shook her head slightly and brushed off the very thought. After all, he was just her professor and it would be clearly impossible for them to actually fall in love...or would it be? She tried very hard to avoid the subject about her moment of possible \"romance\" with Mr. Browne all in one day, but the thought could never escape her mind. Carrie's very words were still clear and constantly ringing on her mind that she could not even properly focus listening to the children's nonstop midnight conversation. After a few moments of continuous pondering, she decided to get a grip and stop thinking about whether her charming professor developed feelings for her through the days that they have been together and decided to tuck the children into their beds before they sleep. \"Alright you three, you've had enough fun for the whole day already. It's time for you to go to bed, my dears,\" said Miss Price in a gentle tone as she entered the bed room. \"Awww!\" exclaimed the children in unison. \"But I'm not tired yet, I ain't!\" said Paul, hiding a yawn. \"We 'ad so much fun today!\" added Charlie. \"Really, did you? Weren't you children frightened by the Nazis?\" Miss Price chuckled, carefully unfolding the blanket of the bed, her remarks sounding somewhat of a tease because of the war, \"The truth ?\" \"Nah, o' course we weren't scared Miss Price!\" Charlie proclaimed proudly. \"Oh, really...\" remarked Miss Price rather incredulously, still showing a smile on her face, \"Nothing scared you at all over the course of the war?\" \"Well...maybe just a little bit when we 'eard they were coming to invade England,\" admitted Carrie in a matter-of-fact manner as she sat down on the bed, joining Miss Price and her brothers. \"Little did I know that Carrie. Everyone is afraid during times such as these, you know,\" she sighed, relating to the young girl's statement. \"But you weren't scared, now were you Miss Price?\" smiled the youngest one, \"Those soldiers don't scare you one smidgen, they don't!\" \"Yeah, you were the bravest one in the army, y'know!\" agreed Charlie. Miss Price just smiled at the children and chuckled inaudibly, still trying to set her mind on her conversation with the children and getting her thoughts off the supposedly romantic moment she had with Mr. Browne. \"Well, to be honest, I too was afraid,\" she confessed. \"Nah, you weren't really scared at all!\" doubted Charlie with a hint of encouragement in his voice, \"From the way I see it, you summoned up the 'ole museum and charged towards those blokes with magic! No one else could do that! Oh boy, were you courageous Miss Price!\" \"Charles, just because I was courageous, that doesn't I wasn't at all scared,\" she replied. \"I don't understand! You didn't seem at all afraid of anything. Not even the Nazis,\" said Carrie, \"But if you were afraid, what were you afraid of?\" Carrie was a very kind and caring young girl. Probably the kindest among all her siblings. She cared the most about what was going on and showed such concern for Miss Price's situation. She was one of the few young girls those days who understood others and actually still believed in magic. Unbelievably so, she showed the least complaints when she and her brothers learned that they were to reside in Miss Price's home. Carrie, as a matter of fact, warmed up to her really quickly, even on their first day of arrival. She was very respectful towards Miss Price and was immediately fascinated by her magical abilities. Often times, through the days of her stay at Pepperinge Eye, she began to look up to her as a truly kind parental guardian who was just beginning to attend to the needs of the children, listen to their problems and care for them like no one else, except for her and Mr. Browne, did before. All at once, Carrie began to reflect on her life as an orphan, living alone in the streets of London with her older and younger brothers, Charlie and Paul, with no parents or family of their own. That all changed the day they were relocated and the day they first met the seemingly stern and highly unlikely to be welcoming, Miss Eglantine Price. Their first impression of her was a quite unwelcoming, hectic, overly occupied and frequently stressed woman with too much things on her mind, until they learned of her magic and her purpose of doing so. Time after time, she and the children learned how to trust each other and eventually shared one magical transportation that changed their way of thinking forever: the flying bed, which was of course, controlled by a single enchanted bed knob. They could travel anywhere with just the name of their desired destination and just the simple gestures of turning the knob a quarter to the left with thrice of a tap. In London, they met the charming and charismatic professor of Miss Price, Professor Emelius Browne, and instead of just searching for Substitutiary Locomotion, they also spent quality time together with their constant adventures, flying through the sky on a bed. These experiences gave all of them time to be more comfortable with each other until they taught each other very valuable lessons in life. They started believing in magic and letting go of their doubts, overcoming and casting away the shadows of loneliness that has lingered in one's life for a long time and lastly, knowing what a true family really is. A true family is not just made up of those who are related to one another, but made up of those who truly care about each other and love each other no matter what. Miss Price also learned how to listen to the children's problems and thoughts, which eventually brought them closer. But now, it was Carrie's turn to listen to her problems for whatever the situation may be, she would always be there for them. \"I was afraid for our nation...\" sighed Miss Price. The children looked at each other in a puzzled manner as her reasoning was quite obvious. \"Come of it Miss Price, everyone was afraid for our nation!\" smartly announced Paul with a shrug. \"Oh, no, no Paul, not just that,\" she sighed as she continued her explanation, \"I was afraid for you children, and Mr. Browne too...I was practically afraid for all of Pepperinge Eye.\" \"You were afraid for Mr. Browne and us too?\" questioned Charlie with a startled look on his face,\"Why were you afraid for us too Miss Price? After all, we 'ad to stay behind the brick wall for our safety y'know. Why be so scared for us?\" Now was the moment of truth for Miss Price. Never in a long time, or actually at all, did she admit that she cared about the children since the day they first came along and travelled with her on the bed. As a matter of fact, she always had. Miss Price truly began to love the children and she never made it appear to them that it broke her heart hearing that they were orphaned and that their parents died in the war. Just in a matter of a few days of their stay with her, she developed a soft spot for them in her life. They practically captured her heart and filled in the gap where her nearly lifelong loneliness used to be. If only she could tell them now and admit to them that she would adopt them in a heartbeat. Although, the last thing in her mind was, how would she be able to take care of the children without a man on her side? A caring husband to love and cherish for the rest of her life? A family of her own? Mr. Browne and the three young children were family to her. Family, she thought, was a rather strong word that one, even the most powerful human being on earth, cannot live without. Now was really the perfect time to tell the children that she truly cared about them since the very start, with only the concern about the way she would express it to them. \"I...I just wanted you all to be safe,\" She admitted, holding back a small lump in her throat, her eyes glistening. \"Safe?\" questioned little Paul, \"We were all safe with you! Why do you 'ave to worry 'bout us so much anyway?\" \"Because...because...\" she stammered, letting off a sigh until she was finally ready to let it out,\"...because I care so much about you children, and Mr. Browne. I can't stand any of you getting hurt or being in danger in times like these, I just can't. And it frightens me so when I hear news anything happening to you...I just can't stand it. I just want what is best for you children and I really want to do my best to protect you, because I am your guardian and you all mean so much to me. It really just scares me, knowing our nation is in war, it really does,\" She let down a heavy sigh with small tears trickling down her cheek. The children had never seen her cry before. They knew she was a strong and confident woman who could handle anything that comes her way, but they never got to see the other side of her, which was a lonely woman who needed them by her side every step of the way as much as they needed her. They understood what she was going through and wanted very much for her to return to her kind and cheerful self once more. \"Miss Price, no matter 'ow scared you said you were, to us, you are a very brave woman,\" comforted Carrie as she gently placed her hand on her shoulder, \"No one else did wot you could do to save the country an' still, you went out an' did it! 'Ow many people in the world do things like that to save their own country from the war? You're the only one who stepped up an' did it, after all.\" \"Do you really believe that Carrie?\" she asked, still in doubt, turning to Carrie. \"We always 'ave Miss. More than you know,\" she smiled earnestly, as her brothers nodded in agreement. \"Thank you children,\" replied Miss Price, just beginning to feel happier than she has ever been in her life, \"Oh, what a day this has been, wasn't it?\" \"Wot a day indeed!\" agreed Charlie, putting on his coat, getting ready for bed. \"The best day I've 'ad in years...now that we ain't gonna be alone in the cold no more,\" smiled Paul as he plopped up on the bed, pulling up the blanket for him and Charlie. Miss Price smiled at his remark because she too knew that she would no longer be alone because she and the children got each other. \"Tonight may 'ave been a long night for us, but tomorrow's gonna be a brand new day!\" said Charlie, positively psyched as he climbed onto his bed, pulling the sheets higher, just right above his chest. \"Well said, my boy,\" said Miss Price. She never referred to him as her boy before but it felt as if he really was a son to her. Just one day, the fateful day would come where she would adopt them and actually call them her own, if only this thought would be a reality, \"You have a bright new day ahead of you children, do sleep well my dears.\" She tucked them in bed and kissed them each on the forehead like one's mother would do if their children were tucked in bed. \"Good night children,\" she said softly. \"Good night Miss Price,\" they all replied simultaneously. \"Have a good night's rest children, today was quite a long day,\" She said as she walked towards the door and turned to the outside. \"Wait...Miss Price?\" Carrie called out, giving an audible whisper from her couch, \"There's something I 'ave to tell you.\" Miss Price turned around and walked towards the couch and crouched down so she reached Carrie's level. \"Yes Carrie? Is there anything else you wanted to say?\" \"I just wanted to tell you that I'm really proud of wot you did out there. Thank you for takin' care of us this 'ole time Miss Price, we're really thankful to 'ave a wonderful an' caring guardian like you. There ain't no one else in all of London who cares 'bout us as much as you an' Mr. Browne do,\" \"You really say so, my dear?\" asked Miss Price who was very touched at Carrie's kind and loving words. \"Of course you do. For almost me 'ole life, since the very start of the war, we always dreamed of 'avin' a family again. You are family to us Miss Price, you always 'ave been. I mean, where would me brothers and I be without you, right? So...thank you Miss Price, thank you!\" said Carrie, sitting up on her couch, pulling Miss Price into a tight hug, \"We all love you.\" She was very touched at the young girls words that she couldn't help but let out a few more of those tears roll down out of love and happiness. Miss Price had never felt a warm embrace in such a long time, she nearly forgot how warm, full of love and affection it was filled with. Thanks to Carrie, Miss Price finally remembered how it felt to be loved and treasured by those around her. She finally had a family to call her own...well, almost. \"Oh, and I love you too my dear...all of you. I'm so glad you children came into my life,\" she replied, returning the hug,then pulling away \"You have yourself a good night my dear, alright?\" \"I sure will Miss,\" smiled Carrie, \"Good night.\" \"Good night,\" she replied before closing the door behind her. She felt happiness rush through her as she shut the door of the children's bedroom. She had always loved the children and she was very glad to know that they also loved her too. Now, the only thought that remained lingering in her mind was that she also felt that she loved someone else as much a she loved the children, but Miss Price was afraid that he may not really love her back...or did he? There was only one missing piece she needed to complete in her heart. She had adorable and wonderful children to look after and care for, she had good neighbors like Mrs. Hobday and Mr. Jelk, the security of the home guard of Pepperinge Eye to keep their neighborhood safe, but that missing piece was so much more than just loving children, good neighbors and security. It so happens that the missing piece she needed in her life was Mr. Browne. As Miss Price quietly walked down the stairs, she tip-toed so she may not disturb the children's sleep. When she reached the last two steps of the stairway, she stopped and suddenly saw the tall, handsome figure she has been longing to see right before her very eyes. It was none other than her beloved Mr. Browne. \"Why, Mr. Browne, what are you doing here?\" she said, giving off a smile, hinting that she was glad to see him, \"I thought you would be going home by now.\" \"Well, you didn't think I'd go back home now without a train ride nor a bed ride at a time like this, now would you my dear?\" he replied in a charming manner. \"Oh, of course not,\" agreed Miss Price as she hurried down the stairs, \"Not right after what we have been through tonight.\" \"I most certainly agree, my dear,\" said Mr. Browne, placing his arm around her shoulder, walking towards the couch,then taking a seat, \"As a matter of fact, I've decided to spend the night here in your home, if that's alright with you of course. Do you mind my staying over for the night?\" Miss Price felt quite happy to hear that Mr. Browne was spending the night at her residence that she couldn't hide a smile, and of course, couldn't have the heart to say no. \"Oh, I don't mind at all,\" she smiled, slightly blushing, \"You know you are always welcome to stay at my house, Mr. Browne.\" \"Emelius, my dear,\" interrupted Mr. Browne, \"Please do call me Emelius.\" \"But you happen to be my mentor my dear Mr. Browne, I should like to show you at least some respect after all,\" she hindered. \"Well, after all the many good things you've done for me, you deserve to call me by name,\" smiled Mr. Browne cheekily, \"I would feel much more respected that way my dear. After all, you are my dearest friend\" \"Why Emelius, you do flatter me so...thank you,\" she blushed lightly, \"I'm sure your other friends would say the same about you.\" \"You're most certainly welcome my dear,\" Mr. Browne's comment practically made her night, but what he was about to tell her was the inconvenient truth about the things in his life that he was facing for a great many years before he met Miss Price and the children. His smile lasted for a little while but faded away in a sigh as he looked away, peering out into the moonlight. Miss Price noticed the sudden sadness in his eyes as he lost eye contact with her after he spoke and gently placed her hand on his shoulder. \"Emelius,\" she said softly, breaking the silence, \"Is anything the matter?\" His eyes met hers once again and he began to show somewhat of a smile that was trying to hide his sadness although it was quite apparent in the way he looked at her. \"Oh, no, no, not at all my dear, it's nothing really...honest,\" he denied, looking away again, taking a deep breath then sighing. That 'nothing' was definitely a 'something.' \"Something is wrong,\" Miss Price disagreed, shaking her head \"Now, just how sure are you about that my dear?\" Mr. Browne questioned incredulously, brushing off the very thought. \"My dear Emelius, I can see it in your mere expression,\" she noticed. \"Oh, I see...\" he sighed heavily with the knowledge that he had to confide in her. \"Now, tell me Emelius, what is going on?\" Miss Price said, with her arm around his shoulder. \"You see my dear...\" he sighed heavily once more, \"I've never had any true, genuine friends before.\" Miss Price was quite shocked at his statement. She could not believe what she had just heard him say. Being a professor and all, he should have been well-known in London with many colleagues and friends to call his own, regardless of his trickster-like attitude but rather his charming and kind personality. \"A charming and selfless man like you without true and genuine friends to call your own?! That is just impossible!\" she exclaimed, \"How can someone like you have no lifelong colleagues of your own? You show such prestigious qualities in your own right and not to mention, you always do things with a flair! How on earth could anyone not adore a man like you?\" \"Oh, tell me about it my dear. Of course, I did have quite a few friends in the past but none of them stayed with me for very long.\" \"Oh really?\" \"Yes, really. Once I told them I would dedicated my life and business to performing magic and one day becoming the greatest magician of all time. I thought they would be proud of me, I really did. I used to think they would say 'well done, Emelius old chap,' or 'guv'nor you've done it again!\" \"Well, didn't they?\" asked Miss Price in a puzzled manner. \"What I heard from them was not exactly what I had in mind, and to tell you the truth, it didn't go quite well actually. As a matter of fact it was very disappointing,\" Mr. Browne sighed. \"What did they tell you?\" she asked curious and concerned. \"Well, they walked up to me and said, 'Emelius Browne, you really think you could pull off the talents of magic and make a living out of it? Well, you can't! No friend of mine is escaping the reality of life, otherwise he is no friend of mine!\" he emphasized his former friend turned-foes' words toward him. Instead of a warm congratulations that he hoped to hear, he has been given such insulting remarks on his ambitions for becoming a magician. \"After the news went out, they started calling me a fraud, a joke, a fake, a phony and all those nasty labels you could ever think of. That is why I lost all those so-called friends I had for they had no respect for me...\" Mr. Browne continued and sighed once more, getting ready to admit the hurt he has been going through all these years,\"...That is what made me who I am.\" Miss Price lost her words. Now she knew why Professor Emelius Browne was not a genuine magician. His former friends' words stuck to him like glue and it drained down his ability to be a natural and genuine, instead leading him to take the easy path and be a fake instead of being one with the greats. She finally understood why he did not have real friends in the world before he met her and the children. That just made her feel even worse, and sorry for him at the most part. She slowly lifted herself of the couch and pulled Mr. Browne into a gentle embrace to comfort him from his emotions that have finally gotten off of his chest. \"Oh Emelius...I understand, I understand you most completely,\" she consoled in the middle of the embrace. She could relate with his long time loneliness as she has suffered a long-term sense of loneliness and seclusion for quite a while. Once she met him and once the children entered their lives, she began to realize the true and wonderful feeling of friendship, company, togetherness, love and family. Miss Price realized that she could never get by living her life all alone with no one to share her life with. When she met those four wonderful people who changed her life forever, she knew. She knew deeply in her heart that they were very special to her and that they played a very big part in her life: being her family. Surprisingly, in the middle of the discussion, the children were still awake. They may have rested their eyes minutes after Miss Price tucked them in bed but they still couldn't stop thinking about their wonderful experiences that day. Carrie, followed by Charlie and Paul, trotting behind her, slowly sneaked down to the peak of the stairwell where they could not be seen by the two conversing adults but could already see a part of the living room, and caught them both pulling out of their quite extended embrace. They watched in silence, eavesdropping their rather private discussion, listening to every single word they had to say. \"Well, that doesn't matter anymore my dear, yesterday is history after all,\" said Mr. Browne, slowly showing a smile. \"Well then they shouldn't matter, after all they've done to you,\" replied Miss Price firmly agreeing. \"At least now I have real, true and genuine friends to call my own, \"he smiled, making eye contact with Miss Price hinting that she was one of them. \"Who would they be then, Emelius?\" she asked, hiding a peering grin, already knowing the answer. \"You, Miss Price, are my only one, true friend I have in this entire world and nothing else can change that,\" Mr. Browne smiled, placing his hand on her cheek. He was not afraid to admit his admiration for the woman, not only because of her skill and quick-thinking, but because she was the first one there for him when he needed her most. The children grinned silently, looking at each other sharing a smile and on their faces, hinting to each other what would happen next as they continued to watch what was going on. \"Eglantine. Please call me 'Eglantine.' I should think it would be fair to you as well if you started calling me by name.\" Miss Price replied, flattered by the man's words, \"And you, Emelius Browne, have always been by my side since the day I have been trying to find the magic, yet you never left. The children love you Emelius, and I...am very grateful to have you as my dearest friend. Thank you.\" She still didn't have the courage to admit that she has fallen for the magician and she couldn't believe that she did. But right at that moment, Mr. Browne took her hands in his and leaned in her ear to whisper something to her. \"Maybe even more than that Eglantine,\" he whispered. Miss Price looked at him shocked and wide-eyed, speechless at what he told her. \"What did you say Emelius?\" Right at this very minute, Mr. Browne was finally able to let his feelings for her come out. \"Eglantine, I have never told you this before for the past few days that we have been together, but now I will.\" The children looked at each other excitedly with great anticipation then fixed their eyes back into the conversation. \"What is it you want to tell me?\" asked Miss Price. \"Eglantine I...I...I've fallen in love.\" Miss Price was once again surprised. He was in love? The children shared glances once more, awestruck as well. \"I've fallen in love with you,\" he said finally, \"Eglantine, have I ever told you how much I loved you?\" She was speechless, flattered in utmost shock she could never imagine. Emelius Browne was in love with her! \"Well, I can't say that I remember you telling me that,\" Miss Price replied in a daze that could hardly escape her. \"My dearest Eglantine, I...I have always been in love with you. I fell in love with you since the very first day I met you, the day we danced in the lagoon and all of those times we've spent together and I still am...\" he cried out hysterically, moving closer to her, \"...And I was wondering if you feel the same way.\" This was the moment Miss Price has been waiting for all the time. She wanted very much to tell him that she has fallen for him but didn't have the courage to tell him. Now that he expressed his love for her, now she could tell him how much she has always loved him too. \"Emelius...my dear Emelius...\" she said. Carrie, Charlie and Paul continued to watch their guardians from the stairwell, shocked at their confessing their love for eachother, \"You are the reason I am no longer alone and no man, not anyone, could ever take your place in my heart.\" Miss Price paused for a moment, taking a deep breath, and looked into his eyes lovingly. \"I love you Emelius,\" she finally said, \"And I always will for the rest of my life.\" \"And I love you, Eglantine.\" he replied, \"Much more than you'll ever know.\" And with that, they both looked into each other's eyes, allowing the gleam of the moonlight to take over this beautiful moment shared by the two of them. As the children watched them with such great anticipation, the couple finally leaned towards each other and they kissed. The glow of the moonlight shone brighter and brighter every time as they savoured the moment and the heartbeats of the three children raced faster than ever, finally seeing their two guardians finally falling in love, which was something they have known for quite some time now since they saw them first meet. Mr. Browne and Miss Price slowly pulled away and still remained staring into each others eyes with the knowledge and everlasting truth that they love each other no matter what happens. \"So now I suppose we're both under a spell,\" joked Miss Price, sharing a laugh with the love of her life. The children just glanced at each other cluelessly, not knowing the meaning behind her remark. \"And there's certainly no way to break it now,\" chuckled Mr. Browne with his arms around her, \"At least for now and then on.\" They smiled at each other and shared a kiss again. Carrie, Charlie and Paul shared a smile with each other as well, now understanding when Miss Price mentioned that she and Mr. Browne were under a \"spell\" that could never be broken, it truly meant that once they have fallen in love with each other,. they will love each other forever and ever, lasting a lifetime, never ever to fall out of love again. That spell was called love. Now they have each other and no matter how far apart they would be, they have each other and they will always be together. The children have seen quite enough of romance all in one day, especially between the only adults taking care of them. They felt quite happy seeing them both admitting to each other that they have fallen in love and with that, they slowly tiptoed up the stairs, so quietly, so none of them would make a creak. Unfortunately, their presence was no longer going to be a secret anymore. Paul tripped lightly on his step and nearly fell back and Carrie and Charlie rushed down to help him before he would begin to fall back. Miss Price and Mr. Browne turned around to see the commotion and all at once, caught the children on the steps, listening to their conversation. All three of the children were dumbfounded, their jaws dropping with the knowledge that both adults found out what they have been up to all along when they should have been in bed moments ago. \"Gee Paul, why do you always 'ave to forget to watch where you're going?!\" glared Charlie towards Paul. \"Oi it ain't my fault! Y' didn't...\" Paul argued back. \"-Paul! Charlie! Don't make anything worse!\" gently admonished the middle child towards her older and younger brothers as she turned to Mr. Browne and Miss Price, hopefully changing the subject. \"I'm so sorry about this 'ole mix up, we just wanted to see...\" \"-No, no, no Carrie, say no more, it's quite alright,\" Miss Price cut her off, smiling,\"Tonight has been a wonderful night and you children have the right to savour it all the more.\" Mr. Browne just stood there and smiled at the innocence of the children. \"So it means we don't 'ave to go to bed?\" Paul perked up hopefully once more, causing his older siblings to give him a puzzled look. \"Oh, no not exactly Paul,\" she replied,\"I just wish you all a good night, that's all.\" \"Y'see, before we go, we'd just like to congratulate you two for the beautiful bloomin' night you both 'ad!\" said Charlie happily, \"Good night you two!\" \"Game's on Miss Price an' Mr. Browne! We all know you two 'ave been in love for this 'ole time!\" followed Paul, grinning at his guardians. The siblings turned towards the stairs and hurried to their rooms. Mr. Browne and Miss Price looked at each other once more; dumbfounded. \"They know about all this, now don't they?\" he whispered in her ear, glancing at the children. \"Oh Emelius, stop worrying darling, they have every right to know,\" Miss Price smiled in a cheery manner, \"They knew it this whole time!\" Mr. Browne walked towards the stairs and called out to the children, \"Children?\" They turned back and walked a few steps down just before they reached the ground level. \"Yes Mr. Browne?\" answered Carrie. \"You did know that I loved Miss Price, now did you?\" \"The entire time Mr. Browne,\" she smiled, \"And she loves you too. You know that, don't you?\" Miss Price looked at Mr. Browne, and smiled at him, giving the children a nod of genuine approval. \"But I'm most certainly not the only one he loves,\" Miss Price said giving the children a reassuring look. \"Wot do you mean?\" asked a quite puzzled Paul. \"Well, if I love this lovely woman Paul, shouldn't it be fair that I love the children who live with her as well?\" Mr. Browne smiled widely, turning to the children. Smiles lit up the children's faces this very instant. \"You mean it Mr. Browne?\" asked an overjoyed Carrie. \"You three come over here and find out for yourselves!\" cheekily called Mr. Browne with open arms. The three children ran down the steps of the stairs and ran to him as he caught them in an embrace. Miss Price smiled as she stood watching the happy moment between her love and the children. \"So you an' Miss Price are gonna be our Mum an' Dad now, aren't you?\" asked Paul as he broke the silence, looking up at Mr. Browne and Miss Price. The couple looked at each other for a moment, then along with Carrie, Charlie and Paul, began to break into laughter like they did that very same night. Maybe, that meant that the answer was yes. Now that the five of them were together and inseparable, nothing could tear them apart, not even the hardships of war. Miss Price never had to worry any longer about living alone, because she no longer would. She had a loving man by her side and three wonderful children to care for. They were her family; a true family she would call her own. Even though the war has taken its place in history, it could never ever take the place of her colleague, her mentor, her man, her children and altogether, her family. The \"spell\" called love held the five of them together and no matter how far apart they would be from each other one day, their bond could never ever be broken. That is what family is, and that is what it always will be for all time. A/N: So that's my first fanfic ever! Please review, and I hope you liked it! (No flames please, just some tips to help me do better in the future) I'll be up with more fanfictions soon in the future! Thank you so much for reading, I hope you enjoyed it! I sure hope this story made you smile, just as it made me smile writing it. Don't forget to leave me a review :) They'll make me happy -ASianSuccessor2012-DisneyFan ","Summary":" A/N: Hi everyone! So this is my first fanfic on this site. Basically, this takes place after the wa"},{"Movie":"Bedknobs and Broomsticks","Title":"Substitutiary Locomotion It Must Be","Author":"ASianSuccessor2012","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12008249","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Summary: After being evacuated from the dangers of war-ridden London, stumbling upon an enchanting woman with an enchanted plan was the last thing Carrie Rawlins and her two brothers expected. Throughout their journey upon the traveling bed, Miss Price believes that when it comes to saving England, \"Only one precise solution is the key; substitutiary locomotion it must be!\" Or does she believe there's something much more than that? Rating: T for some mild references Pairing: Eglantine Price & Emelius Browne(hints here and there) Disclaimer: I own absolutely nothing (but the story). All rights belong to Disney and their creative minds. Author's Note: Hello everyone! Although this isn't my first time formulating a \"Bedknobs and Broomsticks\" fanfiction, this is my first shot at writing a fanfiction in a character's point of view, and much to my delight, this story all throughout will be written in Carrie's POV. Not only is she my favorite children within the Rawlins; she is also one of my most favorite characters in the movie next to Miss Eglantine Price, of course. Many thanks to one of my friends, who is an avid fan of this movie, who suggested this prompt. This story begins from when they leave the Isle of Naboombu, centered on Miss Price's first attempts on Substitutiary Locomotion as well as filling in some of the \"missing scenes\" between transitions in the movie. We thought it would be pretty cool to see what Carrie's been thinking as well as what everyone was up to, kind of like a little character study. For now, I hope you enjoy this story and please remember to leave me a review or PM after reading! Cheers! ~ASianSuccessor2012 1.) All the Way Home Again Carrie's POV \"At last, the magic words...\" our spirited guardian, Miss Price, triumphantly proclaimed, holding the shiny, emerald-green pendant with the biggest grin plain for all of us to see, reciting them casually, \"Treguna mekoides trecorum satis dee.\" Blimey! All that Latin-like magic inscribed on that thing...five mystic words, she said? That's a whole ruddy lot of it! I can't imagine anyone memomrizing those kinds of words. Maybe that's why it's been stuck to the star all this time, so that old wizard would remember it. I'm just relieved that Miss Price won't have to worry about jotting it down on her notebook anytime soon. Besides, she's already excited enough that we managed to get that valuable object in our hands...or should I say, that Mr. Browne got it in our hands. We really couldn't have done it without him, even if it meant having to scramble through a stampede of animals of all shapes and sizes trampling all over him. It looks like this little journey was worth it after all. \"I'll keep it. Women always lose things,\" Mr. Browne stated nonchalantly, pulling the star from Miss Price's grasp without noticing her glare... that signature glare only done in that \"Miss Price\" kind of fashion whenever someone contradicts her or says something that makes her system tick. Widened eyes, pursed lips tensed up and all. For the time Paul, Charlie and myself stayed with her, we knew that look almost all too well. And with that look, anything , I mean anything can happen. This might sound a tad bit crazy but maybe even I know what Miss Price is thinking. She isn't just thinking of a rebuttal of sorts, she's thinking of- GRAHHHH! RRRRAHHHH! GASP! There's only one creature on the Island of Naboombu who'd make a sound like that...THE KING! HE'S FOUND US OUT! As we see the outraged King Leonidas roaring in rage, racing closer and closer to the bed by the minute, my brothers and I exchange looks of fear, simultaneously turning to Miss Price and Mr. Browne, hoping that they'd come up with something to get us out of there AND fast or else, this king could not only snatch that star away from us but even eat us... alive! He is a lion after all, isn't he? \"Quick Paul, the knob!\" Miss Price hollered calmly to my youngest brother though the traces of fear and worry were evident on her face. OF COURSE! Thank goodness Paul had the knob! We'd get out of there in no time. That way, the king would never catch us. Even if he tried to send out a wild search party, we'd leave no traces whatsoever. After all, before his eyes, we'd disappear into thin air! Not everyone could say that everyday...well, maybe except for the five of us with a magic bed in possession. Meanwhile, Paul frantically reached into Miss Price's purse to fetch the knob, but to no avail... \"It's stuck!\" he exclaimed, turning to Miss Price in defeat, with a hint of pleading eyes for help, still struggling to reach the bedknob. If no one came up with anything, anything at all, we would be done for in a minute! And we w ere this close to saving England...now, how on earth could we manage saving England if we couldn't even manage saving ourselves in the first place? \"I suppose I should do something!\" Miss Price said in still a calm yet frantic manner, pulling out her notebook. Then and only then, I knew that we were definitely getting out of here alive! Thank Heavens for that! \"Please do. And quick!\" Mr. Browne chimed in, his eyes transfixed on the closely impending predator. As Miss Price swiftly raised her arm, fingers pointed straight at the king staring fiercely into his eyes, we all saw what was coming next. And right at that moment, coincidentally, Paul managed to reach for the bedknob just in the nick of time too. Oh how that tables have turned! \" Filigree apogee pedigree perigee!\" Alakazam! Just like that, what once was a lion king transformed into a rabbit king before our very eyes, shrunken to the point that he fit within his crown and still retaining his lion's tail. Hah! There was no way he was getting us now! Not in that state, he wasn't. If there's anyone with the quickest instinct among us five, I'd hand it to Miss Price in a heartbeat. Sure she never wanted to make a spectacle of herself with her magical abilities but at least she's been armed with a couple of useful spells to spare, thankfully, to save our lives. Even that sort of magic, as shady as some people may perceive it, could be used for good purposes after all. And after all, that's what Miss Price's sole intention was to begin with. The way I see it, she's marvelous, and I never really realized it until now. \"Oh bother!\" Miss Price sighed slightly frustrated as she lowered her hand, \"I do hate shoddy work!\" With that, the now rabbit-king hopped and scampered away, his face in mere confusion, stars sparkling about him. I bet he didn't see that coming! \"Phew, that was a close one!\" Charlie exclaimed, \"We could've been gobbled up!\" \"Well, at least we're safe now, aren't we?\" the ever-so optimistic Mr. Browne perked up with a sigh of relief, \"And it's all thanks to Miss Price over here who saved this bed from becoming a lion's den all in itself.\" Paul, Charlie and I couldn't help but laugh at that remark. Oh, Mr. Browne. He and his sense of humor. It's like he always knows just what to say. I also couldn't help noticing a smirk with a tinge of a smile forming on Miss Price's face although she's clearly covering it up with a facade of a shaking head. Wait a minute? Is she blushing? Never really got that from her before... her of all people! Ah well, I guess that's beside the point. \"The knob, Paul,\" she then stated the way she always did. Now that Paul had the knob in his grasp, he had no trouble taking us back home. \"Bed, take us home,\" he said confidently, quarter-turning the knob to the left like always, tapping it thrice with its mystical tones resounding as glitters began to appear and the bed began to shake rapidly as the lights appeared around the bed. All three of us children were slowly grinning, eagerly awaiting the exhilarating speed and wind-swept thrill of the ride, holding tight to the golden railings, Miss Price sitting calmly on her left spot, and of course, Mr. Browne, anxious as always, his eyes widening in suspense, dreading its swiftness as well as the nauseous effect it always seemed to have on him. That look in itself couldn't help but make Miss Price laugh even just a little bit. \"Mr. Browne, you better hold on tight. I'm still quite unsure of the behavior of this bed...\" Miss Price taunted Mr. Browne teasingly with a grin, slightly chuckling, giving her professor a playful nudge, \"Considering you're on it.\" Mr. Browne simply nodded, clinging onto the golden railings behind him as tightly as he could as the bed began quaking faster and faster by the second. Something told me he was distracted and he didn't seem to pay the slightest attention to what Miss Price just said. I, for one, just wanted to laugh. No one's ever really told me about these things about what \"mums and dads\" do. Not even Aunt Bessie or anyone we knew, really. One night when Aunt Bessie was working late and out of the house, before Charlie and I drifted off to sleep and Paul was long gone off to dreamland, we listened to the wireless in the living room to lull us to sleep and plain and simply, it told us things and we heard them. And most of these things, Aunt Bessie wouldn't want us to hear. Not yet. Not for our young and supposedly innocent ears, or so she thought. Thank goodness Paul didn't hear any of this or his innocence would be tarnished! Maybe even right now, I'm glad that Miss Price didn't see my face and Charlie's because she probably wouldn't want us to know any of these things either. Not like she'd be surprised if Charlie knew any of this to begin with. At least she was kidding poor Mr. Browne. It's a shame he didn't pick up the joke quite easily since all he is right now is distracted by his impending fear of heights and light speed. With that, the colorful spectrum of lights and glitters whisked us all into thin air and the bed travelled as fast as it could, soaring above the atmosphere of London, the city, the sights, everything, reflecting every spectrum thrown at our sight. Poor Mr. Browne. He's still missing out on more than he can imagine, shutting his eyes tight like that as if something was about to strike him. Instead of letting out a single squeal or whimper, he couldn't help himself but to subconsciously grab hold of Miss Price's right hand, squeezing it tightly as if his life depended on it. Calm as she was, I could tell she noticed it with her eyes shifting downwards, noticing the fear and evident motion sickness written all over his face. Maybe if I squinted just a tiny bit harder, I would have captured a blush etched on her cheek. A small one, really. What surprised me most is that she didn't just leave her hand on the bed idly. It looked like she squeezed it just as tightly too. I don't know what it is, but something is definitely going on between those two and maybe someday soon, I'll have the courage to find out. Meanwhile, my brothers and I never ceased to marvel at the very sights and lights before us. Some people may even call these hallucinations, if you will, but to all of us and probably anyone else who'd dare travel upon this bed, they were real. Real as they ever can be. In point of fact, I'd say they looked better than the pictures. I know that we've been hanging onto this travelling spell for less than twenty-four hours but there's something that keeps telling me that we've been doing it forever. Sort of like a tradition. Maybe it was going to be a tradition. Even more so, maybe we were meant to make it a tradition. Who knows how long? I can't really tell. Neither can Miss Price. Maybe for the same reason we don't know when this war will end, but that's another story. Well, we're almost home..well, home, for the time being. At least it feels like it already. Is that wrong? Please tell me it isn't wrong. Author's Note: That's it for the first chapter! I hope you enjoyed seeing an existing and somewhat extended scene from the movie in a different point of view. I have to admit, I had a whole lot of fun writing it and expanding it and I most certainly had the strength to \"Carrie\" on. Most of her descriptions are conversational and contain less of a structure since I wrote it in a first-person point of view. I plan for this to be a two or three chapter fic, featuring the moment when they first come home and attempt to try the spell (to no avail, having the star disappear) and their actual attempt when they sing the song and say the magic words aloud, of course, with a little touch of extended scenes of my own here and there, just so we'll actually have something original. Thoughts? Opinions? Comments? Please leave me a review! I'm looking forward to hearing from the rest of you readers. Have a magical day! ~ASianSuccessor2012 ","Summary":" Summary: After being evacuated from the dangers of war-ridden London, stumbling upon an enchanting "},{"Movie":"Bedknobs and Broomsticks","Title":"The Magic of Memories","Author":"iloveromance","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10591756","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I apologize for the delay in getting this written and posted but this is a belated birthday present for Syndey3 and when I found out that this is her favorite Disney movie, I was excited for the opportunity to watch it again after not having seen it in such a long time! This story was really fun to write and although this is my first attempt at writing a \"Bedknobs and Broomsticks\" story, I'm pretty sure it won't be my last! Hope everyone enjoys it! Eglantine sank into her chair, staring at the closed door. Beside her she could see Carrie clutching her younger brother Paul as tears streamed down the girl's face. Eglantine felt like crying too, but she wouldn't dare. Emelius had a right to leave if he so chose and it wasn't her place to convince him otherwise. His home was in London and well, that's the way it should be. She lived alone for a reason and even though she'd been given the company of three lovely children to look after and care for, it certainly didn't mean that she expected Emelius to step in as their father. The notion was completely- Her thoughts were broken by the soft sounds of Carrie's crying. But as easy as it would be to let her own emotions falter, she had to stay strong. And so she rose to her feet and went to the children, gently draping an arm around Carrie, making certain to draw Paul and Charlie close. \"Come along now!\" She said gently. \"Time for bed!\" Carrie turned to her. \"Why did you let him go, Miss Price? Why?\" She asked tearfully. \"You know very well the answer to that question.\" Eglantine said firmly. \"Mr. Browne's home is in London. Now off to bed, the three of you!\" But instead of doing as she asked, young Paul looked at her with the saddest eyes she'd ever seen. \"When is he coming back?\" The question, although expected, made her heart ache and she wanted so much to tell him that she hoped that Emelius would return soon. But she couldn't lie to him. She had to tell him the truth as much as it hurt her to do so. But the truth was always the best option. \"I'm afraid he's not coming back, Paul. But don't you worry. We'll manage just fine. Now, off you go!\" She patted the three children on their heads and sent them to their room. When they were all washed and ready for bed, she tucked them in and kissed them goodnight. \"Sweet dreams.\" She whispered as Cosmic Creepers appeared at her feet. She smiled at the scraggly black cat and coaxed him into her bedroom. Minutes later, dressed and ready for her own slumber, she stared at herself in the full-length mirror. The long white nightgown flowed down her body, conjuring up a memory; The white nightgown twirled and turned in his arms and although it was Eglantine who had initiated the spell, she couldn't help but feel a bit jealous. It was silly being jealous of her own wardrobe but this wasn't just any piece of clothing it was her nightgown. A lady in 1940's England wouldn't dare dance with a man in her nightgown, let alone let her nightgown do the dancing for her. It was silly, to be sure, but perhaps the jealously of her nightgown meant something more. She laughed and pushed the thought away. Emelius was her friend and nothing more. If it weren't for him, she would never have become an apprentice witch. But there was no use in pondering over it any longer. Emeritus was gone and there was nothing she could do about it. Another thought came, stronger this time, and she sighed, trying to will away the tears and the memory that came with it. But they both surfaced just the same. As the gold four posted bed sank deeper and deeper into the lagoon of the beautiful Briny Sea, far below the Island of Naboombu, she held on with all her might. But in her heart she knew it wasn't necessary. Emelius wouldn't let anything happen to her, she was certain of it. When they finally reached the bottom, they floated along singing happily, but she never expected him to give her a flower, or to ask her to dance. But when he did both of those things, it made her feel truly wonderful. Suddenly the bubble curtains of the Beautiful Briny Ballroom parted, revealing a captivating sight; fish couples of every color were dancing to the slow, jazzy sounds of The Briny Boys in their red striped suits. Overhead the glittering balls turned around and around, giving the sea a romantic glow, as though the setting needed any more romance. And it was in that moment that she fell in love with Emelius Browne. Her eyes flew open and she gasped at the realization of where her thoughts had taken her. She tried to deny the fact, but her heart protested. Oh dear Could she really be in love with him? It just didn't seem possible. She sank into the plush chair, content to stroke Cosmic Creeper's fur. The back and forth motion of her hand on the cat was so soothing that she found herself drifting to sleep. And it was there that she began to dream. They were dashing in each other's arms, with eyes only for each other. And suddenly the silence was broken. \"Eglantine?\" She smiled and looked into his eyes. \"Yes, Emelius?\" \"You're beautiful. I know we haven't known each other very long but may I ask you a personal favor?\" \"Oh all right.\" \" Would it be all right in this lovely setting of colorful fish, lively music and peacefulness if I were to kiss you?\" Her heart beat faster, and she knew exactly how to answer. \"I was hoping you would ask. And my answer is yes. Yes, of course you may kiss me.\" Their faces moved closer and closer to one another until their lips were almost touching and when his breath moved warmly across her face, she held him just a tiny bit closer until- A knock on the door startled her and her first thought was to ignore it. There was no telling who it could be at this hour. Dare she think it was the Nazi's coming to invade? At that moment, fear swept over her and she found herself completely terrified. But something made her open the door. With trembling hands and tears in her eyes she thrust the door open. \"Ahh!\" \"Englantine, I'm so sorry that I frightened you! Oh, I knew I should have waited until morning but I found that I couldn't wait! You see-.\" \"Emelius!\" She cried, throwing herself into his arms. He held her close and his staggered breath told her that he was just as surprised as she was by her boldness. But she couldn't let go of him, she just couldn't. After a few seconds he slowly drew back and looked into her eyes. \"Wh-what are you doing here? I thought you were on your way to London.\" He smiled sadly and removed his hat. \"Well, I was. I sat at the train station for hours. Apparently the next train isn't until morning. I hope I'm not imposing.\" \"Of course not. You're more than welcome to stay here until then.\" \"Well, actually there's a reason I came back. A-another reason I mean You see...I realize that I don't belong in London. Not alone anyway, and. Well I was just hoping. The children I love them and they need a father. And you, Eglantine.\" \"Yes?\" \"I love you.\" \"Y-you do?\" She never wanted a husband or children but now that she had both, she wouldn't trade them for anything in the world or the beautiful briny sea Tears filled her eyes and as one trickled down her cheek, he brushed it away. \"Please... don't cry. I don't want you to be sad.\" \"I'm not sad I'm\" \"I know it's a shock, but I do love you, I'm certain of it! I've loved you since the moment I first laid eyes on you on that street corner. And if you'll allow me to stay, I promise we can go anywhere you like in your traveling bed the children too! I want us to be a family!\" \"Emelius, what are you saying?\" He took her hand and lowered himself to one knee. \"Eglantine, marry me, please I promise to love you until the day I die and into the afterlife and give you happiness for the rest of your life and the children. We can even go back to the Briny Sea and to the Briny Ballroom and dance the night away. The children loved it there and they're sure to find plenty to do. If you're worried about going to the Island of Naboombu, don't be. We'll just have Paul turn the bedknob and ask to be on the bottom of the sea, thus bypassing the island. How does that sound?\" \"It sounds lovely!\" But it wasn't Eglantine who answered him. It was the voice of a child. Eglantine and Emelius turned to find Carrie, Paul and Charlie watching them in the doorway. \"What are you children doing out of bed?\" Eglantine demanded. \"We heard your scream.\" Carrie explained. \"And we wanted to make sure you are all right.\" Charlie finished. \"See? They were worried about you and so was I.\" Emelius said. \"So what do you say? Marry me? This is a lovely house you have here, but I think the children would be more comfortable in my home, where they have a room full of toys and lots of space to play in. And of course there's my huge library where books fill the shelves, thus fueling their imagination.\" Eglantine smiled when he kissed her hand. \"So what do you say?\" \"Say yes! Say yes!\" the children said, jumping up and down. Their motions sent Cosmic Creepers bounding up the stairs, making them all laugh. \"Well in that caseYes Emelius. Yes, I will marry you.\" Cheers and shouts of joy could be heard from the children, but Eglantine was content to kiss her fianc again and again. \"We'll marry as soon as possible.\" He said quietly when the kisses ended. \"And I promise it will be the most beautiful wedding you've ever seen. Anywhere you like anywhere at all.\" \"May we help plan the wedding?\" Paul asked eagerly \"Yes, Mrs. Price may we?\" Carrie asked, even more enthusiastic. \"We'll talk about that later.\" Eglantine said. \"Now off to bed with you!\" \"Can't we say goodnight to father first?\" Carrie asked. Emelius looked up in surprise. \"To Fath -oh, right! That's who I am, isn't it? Or I will be very soon. Your father ...yes, of course.\" He walked over to Charlie and extended his hand. \"Goodnight, Charlie. I'm looking forward to getting to know you better. You're a bright young man and I'm sure you can teach me quite a few things.\" Charlie laughed as Emelius ruffled his hair. \"Goodnight.\" When Charlie was gone, Emelius turned to Peter. \"Goodnight, Peter. And thank you.\" Peter scrunched up his nose. \"You're thanking me? What for?\" \"For sending that bed to London. Because otherwise I would have never met Eglantine or you three wonderful kids.\" \"Goodnight Father.\" Carrie said, unable to stop smiling as she threw her arms around Emelius. \"Oh, I do love the sound of that. Good night Carrie.\" He smiled, kissing his soon-to be daughter's forehead. \"Goodnight Children.\" Eglantine smiled. \"Well, I suppose I should tuck the children in. Just make yourself at home.\" \"Of course dear. But first things first...\" Her eyebrows rose and she felt her cheeks warm when he kissed her again. She could get used to this. After tucking the children in and reading several stories in order to get them to sleep, she finally turned out the light and tiptoed into the hallway. When she reached the living room she was about to turn out the light when she saw Emelius sleeping soundly in her chair. He looked so content that she hated to wake him. And so she grabbed a blanket and a pillow, gently lifting his head and placing the pillow underneath. The blanket draped across his body. And as she smiled at him, she realized how handsome he was and she knew that he would be a loving husband and father. \"Goodnight, my darling.\" She whispered, leaning to kiss his cheek. She never wanted a husband or children but now that she had both, she wouldn't trade them for anything in the world or the beautiful briny sea. THE END ","Summary":" A/N: I apologize for the delay in getting this written and posted but this is a belated birthday pr"},{"Movie":"Bedknobs and Broomsticks","Title":"A Soldier's Homecoming","Author":"AndAllThatMishigas","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8574605","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: Bedknobs and Broomsticks is one of my favorite childhood movies. And no fan fiction exists for it! So I changed that. Enjoy, and please review! A Soldier's Homecoming World War II was sheer hell for so many. Death ran throughout the world, not bothering about who he struck down on his rampage. The soldiers saw everything first hand, and not one of them came home the same. Many did not return home at all. But one thing kept them going though days and nights and months of torture: they had something to fight for. For many, it was the promotion of freedom. For others, it was to make the world a better place for their children. For more still, it was to find personal glory. For Emelius Browne, it was to make sense of the world, and, for once, to do something self-sacrificing and for the betterment of others. Eglantine Price taught him to think of others, to think about the world as a whole and how he could help it. After knowing her, how could he possibly continue to hide out, using the war for his own selfish benefit? Eglantine fought off a Nazi attack all on her own with her brilliant witchcraft. Yes, Emelius and the children had given her a bit of confidence, but all the work was hers alone. She was a marvelous woman, and even though he had never told her, he loved her dearly. He loved her as he had never loved anyone in his entire life. She made him feel so alive and safe and at home. She made him want to be a better man. Eglantine Price was the reason he was fighting. And now he was home. Well, not quite. He was in England, glorious England. Emelius was one train ride away from Pepperinge Eye from home. He may have only spent a week in the small town by the sea, but Eglantine and the children were there, and that made it home to him. He considered changing out of his uniform before arriving but decided against it. It had been two years since he left, but he looked very much like he did when he had left; it was as though he was only gone for the day. Emelius rode the train from London, thinking about all that had transpired since he left. He worked in many different positions in the army, from camp cook to base entertainment coordinator to even a brief and depressing stint as a janitor. He was too old to have been in direct combat, but he certainly did his part on the battlefields and base camps. Being a jack of all trades did have its benefits and drawbacks. As the train cut through the English countryside, he began to wonder what he had missed back in Pepperinge Eye. Everyone had aged two years. Charlie would be nearly fourteen by now, Carrie twelve, and little Paul eight. They were wonderful children. He had missed them very much. Eglantine was sure to be her usual no-nonsense, beautiful, clever self. He hoped she had not suffered in his absence, but a small part of him did want her to miss him as he had missed her. The train pulled into the station just as the sun was beginning to set, just in time to be home for dinner. Emelius stretched and disembarked. \"Welcome back, Mr. Brown!\" the station manager called out. Emelius gave him a wave as he started down the lane to Eglantine's charming house. All along the way, citizens of Pepperinge Eye called out to him. Most of them he had never met, but word seemed to have gotten out that he was \"Miss Price's gentleman.\" Emelius liked the term. Mrs. Hobday attempted to detain him, asking all sorts of nosey questions, but he was able to escape by insisting that he was expected home for dinner. He hoped he would be home before anyone else informed Eglantine of his arrival. The excitement and anxious nerves bubbled within him as he hurried down the lane. As he got closer, he heard the voices of children. \"Oi! Get in the house before Miss Price gets on you! You know we got to wash up before supper. Come on, you lot,\" he heard Carrie shout. \"All this washing makes my hands feel funny,\" Charlie complained. Paul laughed, \"I like it.\" \"Shut it, you,\" Charlie snapped back. Emelius reached the gate and was noticed by Paul. \"Cor! Mr. Browne is home!\" The blonde boy ran to greet Emelius with a big hug. Charlie and Carrie followed with gleeful shouts. \"Look at you all!\" Emelius exclaimed. \"You've grown about a foot since I saw you last.\" Charlie smiled. \"Naw, it wasn't us, Gov. You must've shrunk!\" They all laughed and walked toward the house. Just before they reached the door, they heard Miss Price call out, \"What's all the fuss about? I called you children in for supper fifteen minutes ago. I do not want the food to get cold\" her voice trailed off when she opened the door and looked outside. Her blue eyes were wide and her mouth hung open in shock. Carrie pulled the boys inside. \"Let's wash up then, yeah?\" They followed her around Miss Price, leaving their surrogate parents to greet each other in their own way. But, being the children they were, they watched eagerly out the side window to see what would happen. Eglantine stared at Emelius. \"Is it really you?\" she asked in a small voice. \"It's really me.\" Tears began to well up in her eyes, and she began to laugh. Emelius dropped his back and swiftly closed the distance between them. \"Oh my Eglantine.\" He took her in his arms and held her tight. \"I've missed you so much. I don't know how I could have ever left you.\" She continued to laugh as tears streamed down her face. \"I've wished for you to return since the day you left. Two years is a very long time to wait.\" \"Oh my dear, it seems a lifetime. I love you, my darling Eglantine, and, if you'll have me, I'll never leave you again.\" She looked straight into his eyes. \"I've heard you say those words in my dreams, and they've finally come true. I do love you, Emelius Browne, and I hope you never leave us again.\" Emelius kissed her soundly, not pulling away until they were both breathless. \"Would you care to make that official, my dear?\" \"I'm sorry?\" He smiled. \"Eglantine Price, I'd like to make you my wife, if you're agreeable. I'm sorry I haven't got a ring, but I'll get one, I swear.\" She laughed again. \"I don't need a ring. All I need is you. And yes, I'm quite agreeable to marrying you.\" They shared another long kiss, only to be interrupted by Charlie. \"Hate to break up the reunion, but do you think we could eat soon?\" Carrie came into the room and smacked his arm. \"Charlie! Don't interrupt a proposal!\" \"She said yes already. What's left for me to interrupt?\" Carrie simply rolled her eyes and walked into the kitchen. Charlie followed her, deciding he could start eating on his own. Paul came out to see all the commotion and watched Miss Price and Mr. Browne still holding each other close. \"So does this mean you can be our dad now?\" \"Paul, there is nothing I'd like more.\" \"Hooray! I've always wanted a dad.\" He ran into the kitchen to inform his siblings. Eglantine caressed her fianc's cheek. \"It seems you're about to get three children and a wife. How does that suit you Mr. Browne?\" \"Well I think it's the best damned homecoming a soldier could ever get.\" With one more quick kiss, they entered their home arm in arm and sat down to a dinner with their family. ","Summary":" Author's Note: Bedknobs and Broomsticks is one of my favorite childhood movies. And no fan fiction "},{"Movie":"Bedknobs and Broomsticks","Title":"Mother's Day","Author":"DetectiveMinerva","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12489265","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It's been a while since I've written a Bedknobs and Broomsticks story, but since Mother's Day was just yesterday, I suddenly got inspired. This little one-shot plays on the fact that Eglantine has never been a mother before and now finds herself as surrogate mom to Charlie, Carrie, and Paul. However, when Mother's Day rolls around, they all find a way to come together as a family and heal old wounds. I want to give a shout-out to ASianSuccessor2012, whose story \"To Heal A Broken Heart\" was an inspiration for this tale (particularly the part about Eglantine's mother dying when Eglantine was a little girl). Please check out her B&B; stories when you can - she's quite a gifted writer! And, of course, this story goes out to all mothers, stepmothers, adoptive mothers, and mother figures who give their children all the love they can. Happy Mother's Day! This day's every bit as unlucky for me as Friday the Thirteenth. Eglantine Price had never been fond of Mother's Day. All right, that wasn't necessarily true. When her mother was still alive, Major Robert Price and his little girl had gone out of their way to honor the woman who gave them such joy and sacrificed so much for them  Camellia Price, his wife and Eglantine's mother. Eglantine had taken great pleasure in making little gifts for her mother, picking the most beautiful flowers from the nearby meadow, and relishing Camellia's delight when she received her presents. Camellia would always sweep Eglantine up in her arms, swing her around in a hug, and kiss her cheek, saying \"I'm so lucky to have you, sweetling. You shine, my darling Eglantine, and I love you so.\" Then came 1918, the year Eglantine turned eight. No sooner had the Great War ended than another, more deadly one broke out on home soil  the outbreak of the Spanish flu. Camellia contracted the disease and was soon confined to bed, with Eglantine, who miraculously was spared, trying her best to take care of her mother. Even with the help of Jessica Hobday, who had also managed to resist catching the disease, Eglantine was unable to help her mother get better, and Camellia slipped further and further away from them each day. Thankfully, Robert Price returned home from the war just in time to say his goodbyes to his wife, and give her one last kiss. Eglantine, through her tears, saw her mother smile, pat her cheek, and whisper the precious words for the final time: \"I'm so lucky to have you. You shine, my darling Eglantine. I love you.\" Even now, as she stared out the window at the setting sun, Eglantine felt tears trickle down her face. The pain of losing her mother still ached after all these years, especially on Mother's Day. After her mother's death, she was never able to celebrate it again  merely lay flowers on her mother's grave each year on the day. Although she was grateful to still have her father, who loved her fiercely, Eglantine wished her mother could have been there to guide her through the awkward, gawky teenage years, to tell her everything a woman needed to know... to give her advice on how to be a good mother. Never in her life did Eglantine think that she would ever have children, much less want them. If she had children, what if she died like her mother did? Did she really want to put children of her own through the kind of pain that she herself had suffered? No, it was probably best if she never married, never bore children. But, as Camellia had always said, God had a sense of humor. Just last summer, her orderly spinster life had been disrupted by the arrival of three orphans from London  Charlie, Carrie, and Paul, with mischief in their eyes and imaginations as big as the great outdoors. Still bitter, Eglantine had made up her mind not to let them into her heart, to tolerate them as best she could, and the feeling seemed to be mutual on their part. The good Lord's sense of humor and His love, however, were hard at work on Eglantine and the Rawlins children. It hadn't taken them long to discover that she was an apprentice witch, and she had bought their silence with a special spell  the magical bedknob that, when attached to the bed upstairs, would allow them to travel anywhere they wished. Despite the bit of blackmail involved, Eglantine had to admire their precociousness. These little moppets were street-smart and savvy enough to survive in a world that had obviously been cruel to them. Yet, it seemed as though all they yearned for was a home of their own and someone to care about them, love them, and Eglantine, having grown up without a mother for much of her life, could certainly relate to that. An odd bond had been forged between them when she gave them their magical gift, and that bond only deepened during their adventure through time and space. They helped her locate Emelius Browne, find the Substitutiary Locomotion spell, and fought alongside her in the \"Battle of Pepperinge Eye,\" as it was privately called between them. When all was said and done, Eglantine had grown to love the children as strongly as if they were her own flesh and blood. A smile chased Eglantine's tears away as she thought about the children  her children. Charlie, who had come a long way from the age of not believing, maturing from a slick little wiseacre into a strong, caring young man. Carrie, still a compassionate young lady with a beautiful heart. Little Paul, the bearer of the bedknob, so innocent and sweet, with a boundless imagination. These three, who had lost everything in their lives, including their parents and their homes, had been willing to give their lives to help her, and she had discovered that she was more than willing to do the same for them... because she loved them, as only a mother could. Did they see her as their mother, though? Probably not. They no longer treated her like a cold stranger, which was a definite improvement over their first day in the house. She cooked their meals and made sure they went to school, helped them with their homework, and tucked them into bed  and kissed them goodnight, which they always returned with such grateful looks on their faces, it tugged at Eglantine's heartstrings. They had also, in the last few months, taken to hugging her periodically throughout the day, and Eglantine always returned these hugs, grateful for the affection they felt for her. However, they hadn't told her they loved her, nor had she told them the same  despite the strong maternal affection she felt for the children, she had felt in her heart that they needed to continue getting to know each other first, give each other time to heal. She didn't want to force Charlie, Carrie, and Paul to accept her as their new mother. She wanted them to accept her on their terms, when they felt it was time. No matter how badly I want that time to be now, today, of all days, she thought, resting in her favorite chair. Nobody's problems for me? That's not how I want it to be. Eglantine was so lost in thought that she didn't hear the quiet footsteps creeping up behind her, nor the occasional \"Shh!\" from the three tiptoers in question. Only when she heard a loud shout of \"SURPRISE!\" did she snap out of her reverie  and scream loud enough to send Cosmic Creepers, the black cat, streaking upstairs, yowling and spitting in fright. Frightened out of her wits, Eglantine spun in her chair to behold Charlie, Carrie, and Paul, all of whom were laughing their bums off  and holding their hands behind their backs. \"Charles! Carrie! Paul, for heaven's sake! You scared the heart out of me!\" Eglantine cried, holding a hand over said pounding heart, while Cosmic hissed in agreement from the upstairs landing. Charlie made a show of looking around the drawing room. \"I don't see it nowhere, Miss Price. Guess we didn't do a good job, then,\" he joked, grinning broadly the whole while. \"Oh, give over, Charlie!\" Carrie said, turning to her guardian with a half-apologetic smile. \"I'm sorry we scared you so bad, Miss Price. We just wanted to surprise you, it bein' Mother's Day and all.\" Eglantine's fright vanished as quickly as it had come. Had she heard them right? \"Mother's Day?\" \"Yeah, Miss Price! Today's Mother's Day! Didn't you know that?\" Paul piped up. At last, Eglantine smiled. \"Yes, Paul, I know today is Mother's Day. I'm just surprised because... well...\" She spread her hands before her. \"I didn't think you'd want to celebrate it with me. I'm not your mother, after all.\" The three Rawlinses grinned at each other and then back at Eglantine. \"Well, Miss Price,\" Charlie began, \"We've been talkin' about this for a long time. We've been livin' 'ere goin' on a year, and we've gotten to know you pretty well, just like you've gotten to know us.\" \"You've taken care of us, tucked us into bed, kissed us goodnight...\" continued Carrie. \"And taken us on some wicked adventures!\" finished Paul, hopping up and down in excitement. \"So, we sat down last week, 'ad a good long talk, and we all decided we want you to be our mum.\" Charlie nodded to Carrie and Paul, and they all brought their hands back around, revealing flowers and wrapped gifts. \"'Appy Mother's Day, Miss Price!\" they chorused, beaming ear to ear. For once in her life, Eglantine was speechless. And for the second time that day, tears sprang to her eyes, she was so touched by the children's admission. \"I... I don't know what to say! You three!\" She opened her arms and the children all but ran into them, not caring that their gifts were in danger of being squashed as their new mother hugged them tight. A melee of hugs and kisses followed for a good minute, until, overwhelmed with emotion, Eglantine wiped her eyes and released the children. \"I love you all so much. You have no idea how long I've waited to hear you say you wanted me to be your mother, but I didn't want to push you. Let me tell you now, nothing would make me happier  save for having you as my children!\" \"We love you too, Miss Price,\" Carrie said, her eyes widening on the last part. \"Oops  would it be all right if we called you Mum now?\" \"All right? My darling, do you even have to ask?\" \"Yippee!\" Paul gave a happy little leap, then held out his presents. \"'Ere, Mum! These are for you!\" Eglantine took the gifts into her hands, savoring the feeling of being called Mum for the first time. \"Why, Paul, they're lovely!\" she exclaimed, examining the little bouquet of wildflowers. \"Did you get these from the meadow down the road?\" \"Yeah! We all did,\" Paul replied, as Carrie and Charlie handed her their bouquets as well. \"That's where I got flowers for my mother when I was your age. I'm so glad you found it. And what are these?\" Eglantine took their wrapped presents and pulled off the paper, gasping in delight when she saw the necklace from Charlie, the earrings from Paul, and the tiara from Carrie  all made of seashells and sparkling crystals. \"These are beautiful! Did you make these yourselves?\" \"Sure did!\" Carrie said proudly. \"The last few times we've been to the Naboombu Lagoon, we all collected shells and crystals to make these for you. Mr. Codfish and 'is friends 'elped, o' course.\" \"We wasn't sure what to get you at first, but Mr. Codfish said maybe you'd like this stuff,\" Charlie explained. \"'E said you looked like a mermaid when you danced in the Briny Ballroom, so 'e 'elped us make mermaid frillies for you.\" Eglantine beamed at her children. \"I've never had prettier.\" She made quick work of putting on the earrings and necklace, and held the tiara out to Carrie. \"Since you gave this to me, sweetheart, would you do the honors?\" Giggling, Carrie slipped the tiara into Eglantine's strawberry-blonde hair. \"I crown you Eglantine, 'Er Majesty the Mermaid Queen!\" \"Give over, Carrie! 'Ow 'bout you just crown 'er our mum instead?\" Charlie laughed. \"Or...\" Eglantine's eyes were now glittering with joy. \"How about we all hop on the bed and go to Naboombu Lagoon to enjoy ourselves? I want to celebrate this Mother's Day by having some fun with my children. What do you say?\" The house exploded in cheers and the children jumped up and down in glee; Eglantine had to restrain herself to keep from doing the same. \"All right, everyone, let's go! Race you!\" And with that, Eglantine, Charlie, Carrie, and Paul dashed up to the enchanted bed and soared away to Naboombu. On the way, Eglantine hugged her children close and told them exactly what her mother had told her long ago: \"I'm so lucky to have you, sweetlings. You shine, my darlings, and I love you so.\" Silently, Eglantine thanked God for healing her heart and making her whole again  and for making her a mother to the three greatest blessings she ever received. Mother's Day was a wonderful day once again. ","Summary":" It's been a while since I've written a Bedknobs and Broomsticks story, but since Mother's Day was j"},{"Movie":"Bedknobs and Broomsticks","Title":"Other Magic","Author":"kouw","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9640896","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Challenge: Person A helps Person B hide from Person C. Awkwardness ensues. Any pairing. Must include holding hands at some point There are others participating in this challenge - if you'd like to see some of your favourite writers come up with amazing stuff, go to tumblr and search for 'kouw's challenge 2013' In a sleepy little village like Pepperinge Eye, tongues wag furiously and the sounds can be heard from the other side of town if you prick up your ears. Eglantine was well aware of things said about her and Emilius - the children were enrolled in school, so of course they spoke to the other children about how Mr Brown would come to the house for Sunday lunch or how he helped them with their homework. She couldn't very well stop that. Not that she really wanted to. She and Emilius had an understanding - one where she had made it very clear that courting was alright, but she would not promise him anything as long as he didn't have a job. Or at least searched for one (it wasn't easy finding a job after coming home from the war and it obviously wasn't easy for an amateur magician to find 'regular' employment, but he tried very hard and she loved him for it). Unfortunately, the telltale signs of a woman being seriously courted had not been noticed by the vicar. Mr Jelk was a bit oblivious to things happening in the real world, just like you'd expect from a clergyman, but he did get a bit too close for comfort as well - always popping up at inopportune times. Like when Carrie was sobbing her first heartbreak or when she was bandaging up Paul's knee. Charlie wasn't very taken with the vicar in general. Thankfully the man had not shown up when they were on their way to have an adventure on the bed. Mr Jelk always managed to corner her when she went into the village, to get supplies from Mrs Hobday's (Charlie worked there on Saturday morning, sometimes providing his siblings with some sweets or her with very welcome eggs - rationing was very stressful when you had three strapping youngsters to feed, Eglantine found) or to check on the exhibits in the castle. Most of the suits of armor had been restored to former glory. Some of them wore obvious signs of 'battle'. When nobody was watching, she would slide her hand over the scars - dents and scratches that made her feel slightly proud. Her efforts had not been for nothing - even if the Colonel had claimed it had been his men who managed to fight off the invasion. She let him. After all, who would believe she was a witch? Well, perhaps Mr Jelk - he did get waylaid by her nightgown when they had mastered Substitutionary Locomotion (no, not mastered, they had got it to work and it had gotten terribly out of hand). Was that why he seemed so relentless in his pursuit? She felt she was quite clear in her dislike for him - not as a vicar (she took the children to church more out of a sense of duty than because a deep settled faith), but as a man. A suitor. Emilius would bring her flowers, chocolates for the children, sometimes a book and he was lovely to talk to. He was knowledgeable and he was kind. He liked to flirt. Of course he could have her temper raised in no time, but he - dare she say it? - excited her. The vicar however would drop by, have a cup of tea, have three biscuits and then he'd pop on his bike. Without having an actual conversation with her. He did have a lot to say about the children. While she didn't find them rude or ill-behaved, Mr Jelk did manage to evoke the worst in them. Maybe she should be clearer: they were never rude to her, nor to Emilius, or anyone in the village. They did manage to be frighteningly ill-behaved when the vicar came over. Setting up the poor cat to jump on the man had not been their finest hour. Though she had laughed when they had been out of earshot. When she saw him from the corner of her eye - she had gone to the village to get her groceries and a hearty dose of gossip from Mrs Hobday, hoping she would avoid the vicar since he would be working on his sermon, it was Saturday afternoon and since his sermons were rarely inspiring she suspected he normally worked close towards his deadline - she had looked around to find refuge. She had not expected Emilius to grab her hand and pull her into a narrow alley. It was highly unusual and she wasn't altogether sure she liked it. Though she had to admit her heart was pumping rapidly and she felt a rush of excitement. He blocked the vicar's view by standing in front of her, pressing her against the wall. She bit her lip, but didn't loosen her grip on his hand. Warm and soft, but dry, everything just right. She had listened very carefully to hear the telltale creaking of Mr Jelk's bicycle. Emilius was so close to her and she flushed a bit when she could feel his warmth. She shuffled her feet a bit. Of course they had kissed before - he was a very good kisser, in her, limited, view - and she liked being close to him. Though he had said he was a coward, she did feel safe with him. She liked that he needed her to be strong and brave. That she could provide that for him. The vicar passed the alley, mumbling that people these days were irresponsible and that the country was going to the dogs - just out of a war to be covered in filth. She had bit on her lip to stifle her laughter. Layers of tweed, gloves and middle age hardly were signs of wreck and ruin, she thought, but when she looked up, she almost stopped breathing. Emilius was looking at her intently, his eyes boring into hers and her heart sped up. She licked her lips, their eyes still locked, their hands still holding onto the other. \"I think perhaps we need to get back to the street\" He said. He sounded hoarse. She could only nod. When they stood in the shop, ordering soap and flour and a roll of biscuits (Emilius had gotten his ration book out for that, had put down the coupons with a flourish), she felt oddly at peace. After Mrs Hobday had put everything in Eglantine's basket they all had a little chat about Charlie and how he might put in a few extra hours over the coming weeks, they left. \"Lets go home.\" She said to Emilius. He smiled, nodded. As she paddled beside him she took a stealthy look at him. Maybe home would include him sooner than she had predicted. The thought made her feel warm and content. There was more magic in the world than spells and poisoned dragon's liver. Sometimes magic was in the simplest things. Like love. ","Summary":" Challenge: Person A helps Person B hide from Person C. Awkwardness ensues. Any pairing. Must includ"},{"Movie":"Bedknobs and Broomsticks","Title":"To Heal a Broken Heart","Author":"ASianSuccessor2012","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10572800","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: Hi everyone! ASianSuccessor2012 here! Here I am again with another B&B; story...my third one actually. I've been taking a break for writing stories for this fandom, especially from one of my stories \"A Christmas Miracle on Pepperinge Eye,\" which is on hiatus for the time being, but then, after a looong break...I'm back! Anyways, back to the story, it takes place sometime in 1941 around the time Miss Price is still taking custody of the Rawlins children during the war when Mother's Day is fast approaching, therefore dampening the mood of both the children and Miss Price; mainly because the children lost their parents to the war and Miss Price's mother is long since gone. But due to time ticking quickly towards the very holiday, it won't be long until they realize that they can celebrate mother's day after all; the children having Miss Price as their nearest mother figure. The only thing is, it'll take a bit of time for them to figure it all out...together. I know it's WAY past Mother's Day, but hey, it's never too late to spread the family fluff, right? If truth be told, if you're a fan of this film or at least saw it, there's no way to doubt the adorable family relationship Charlie, Carrie and Paul share with Miss Price. Without further ado, here's the first chapter of the story. I hope you enjoy! Please leave a review too! Constructive criticism is always welcome, but flames are an absolute NO-NO. ~ASianSuccessor2012 P.S. As I (and many authors) always say, I own nothing. All these characters belong to Disney (except for eventual/possible OCs). Also, be prepared for a double-dose of imagination because this story may contain long chapters (at least I think the first chapter is an exception)! At the moment, I don't know how far this story will go in terms of chapters, but I will tell you this: this story isn't going to be a very long one. Let's say it'll be at least 3 or 4 chapters in the minimum. Chapter 1: Sound Advice It was a rather blustery Friday morning, the 9th of May in 1941, in the quaint village of Pepperinge Eye and as quiet as it always seemed in the past due to the ongoing war, today and the remainder of the past week seemed to be brimming with activity, mostly taking place in the town's various shops. The card shops and flower shops were overflowing with customers, both young and old alike, scrambling through the isles as if a special holiday was on its way. As a matter of fact, an immensely special international holiday would be taking place in two days time and it was none other than Mother's Day, falling on Sunday, the 11th of May. Meanwhile, Mrs. Hobday was tending to the flower shop's counter along with a number of her fellow vendors, trying her best to compose herself in front of the rapidly rolling sea of customers coming in and out by the millisecond, it was beyond overwhelming for her, as exciting as the holiday was. \"Goodness gracious!\" the elderly saleslady murmured to the vendor next to her, \"That's quite a wave of customer we're 'avin' today! Don't they know that it ain't the Christmas season yet?! Blimey!\" The wave of customers she mentioned didn't seem to stop rolling until next in line, an extremely familiar face of a woman with short, curly blonde hair, a lilac-blue beret and a beige-colored trench coat with a serious, no-nonsense look on her face, holding a bouquet of wild roses to pay at the counter caught her eye. The customer lay the medium-sized bouquet at the table and smiled warmly at the sight of her now dear friend. \"Good afternoon Mrs. Hobday,\" the customer greeted. \"Ah, Miss Price! Good mornin' to you! 'Ow are you doin' today?\" Mrs. Hobday asked, mustering up a pleasant expression on her face despite the rapidly growing crowds of customers lining up behind her and browsing the isles like there was no tomorrow. \"I just came to stop by and purchase these wildflowers you happened to have in stock, which is quite unusual for a flower shop since you normally sell manufactured flowers rather than these ones that are usually grown in far-off gardens and forests,\" Miss Price said, holding up the deep dark red-shaded wild roses with their rigid petals and taking a closer look at them. \"So it's these wild roses that caught your eye today, eh?\" Mrs. Hobday chuckled, furrowing an eyebrow towards the mysterious bouquet, \"Why these of all the flowers you could possibly choose m'dear? There are 'ole lots in store, you could even add a few more variations and you'll be all set!\" \"Oh Mrs. Hobday, you don't understand!\" Miss Price said, still pleasantly while shaking her head, \"I picked these wild roses in particular because there's something about them that always seems to bring me close to home.\" \"I see...\" Mrs. Hobday drawled in a friendly-teasing manner, \"Let me guess...is it because these very flowers define your name, Eglantine ?\" \"Well...partially,\" the slightly younger woman added as she turned her eyes back to the bouquet with a hint of melancholy in her eyes, \"But there's something much more to that.\" Mrs. Hobday noticed the evident sadness displayed in her friend's eyes and with sympathy, placed her hand on her shoulder. Immediately, it seemed as if she knew the whole reason why Miss Price's mood seemed to dampen. \"It's because of the coming 'oliday, isn't it?\" she asked, receiving a slow nod and sigh in response, \"I know that Mother's Day isn't the most joyous of celebrations for you, but that shouldn't be stopping you from at least celebrating it, y'know? Maybe to pay your dear mother homage at the cemeteries?\" Miss Price flinched at the mention of her late mother, pausing for a moment before she spoke, as she began to ponder deeply about her unlike she ever did in a really long time. \"Erm...yes, Mrs. Hobday, that is precisely what I intend to do. That's why I came by to purchase this bouquet,\" she responded briskly, her voice nearly quivering, in attempt to change the subject, \"For the meantime, I have decided to spend this rather commercialized holiday in serenity under the safety of my own roof, if you don't mind.\" \"Well, it's your loss, Miss Price,\" Mrs. Hobday said in a far more serious tone with a shrug as she sorted out the loose flowers behind the counter, \"If you don't do anything else to honor her, you'll probably regret it this year, and I dare say...maybe even for the rest of your life .\" The slightly younger woman's eyes widened at Mrs. Hobday's sudden remark though still trying her hardest to brush away the thought of the fast approaching holiday even if it seemed more than likely impossible. She thought of her friend's words for quite some time before she dared to utter another sentence and the feeling of regret and the depressionthat came after it was something someone like Miss Price definitely desired to avoid...again. \"Don't worry about me Mrs. Hobday,\" Miss Price suddenly spoke softly as she reached into her trench coat's left pocket for coins, handing them to Mrs. Hobday, \"I'll see what I can do to at least take part in the celebration.\" \"Well, good for you, dearie!\" the elderly saleslady said, reverting to a pleasant manner with a light chuckle as she claimed the money from Miss Price's hands, \"It looks like you already 'ave been takin' part just by purchasing the flower bouquet.\" \"I'm glad you feel that way, Mrs. Hobday,\" Miss Price simply replied with an almost visible smile on her face before she turned away with the bouquet of wildflowers on her left hand, \"Have yourself a good sale-day!\" \"'Ave yourself a lovey day, Miss Price!\" Mrs Hobday waved cheerily, \"Take care of yourself on the way out, and for goodness sakes, keep taking good care of those children!\" \"Will do! So long!\" And with that, Miss Price clung tightly to her delicate bouquet, managing to squirm her way out of the flower shop through the numerous waves of busy customers and heading off towards her motorcycle. She then placed the bouquet of flowers on the side car next to her, and applied her rigid, rubber-made safety goggles on. Miss Price was about to push on the motorcycle's pedal to start its engines, but before she could proceed, a pleasant-sounding, smooth-talking, friendly voice suddenly came towards her direction, coming from none other than a tall yet slightly younger man with groomed black hair and a priestly outfit and flat-top hat matching its color...Mr. Jelk. \"Why, good afternoon Miss Price!\" the cheerful minister greeted, marching right up to her motorbike. Miss Price silently rolled her eyes and sighed heavily, friendly as his approach was towards her. With that particular sort of greeting, she knew that Mr. Jelk perhaps wanted something from her or maybe even more than that, which was something she dared not to mention or in the least to think about. She then attempted to the best of her ability to remain friendly and polite towards him, yet keeping a blunt, rushed and furtive demeanor whenever she was in his prescence. \"Good afternoon Mr. Jelk,\" she replied brusquely, avoiding his eye contact. \"How goes your day despite all this secular busyness around you, hmm?\" Mr. Jelk asked with an even brighter smile moving closer towards the side car, thus making the slightly older woman feel rather uncomfortable. \"I was just on my way to pick up the children from school. Now if you'll excuse me Mr. Jelk, if I don't fetch them right away, I'm afraid I'll be late and I certainly don't want to keep them waiting, now do I?\" Miss Price rushed with her words with a serious tone in her voice, looking away from the young minister as she always did. \"Certainly not Madam. I do hope I'm not being much of a bother to you,\" he said, taking his hat off in respect of the older woman. \"If you don't want to be much of a bother to me, I suggest you'd kindly allow me to pass this instant,\" Miss Price said in a straightforward manner with her voice trailing upwards, showing the slightest hint of annoyance towards the determined minister. \"Why, yes of course Miss Price, how silly of me to refrain from being a gentleman!\" Mr. Jelk chuckled, moving aside to allow a passageway for the motorbike to cross. \"There's no need for that right now Mr. Jelk, although in all sincerity, I do appreciate your efforts towards me,\" Miss Price said, giving off a rather sarcastic smile, \"Nice try though.\" The vague expression of Miss Price's face seemed like a challenging puzzle difficult for Mr. Jelk to comprehend that he could do nothing but crack yet another smile and a gradual creeping blush upon his cheeks. \"Heh, well Miss Price, erm...I haven't the faintest idea of what you're talking about,\" the young minister chuckled in between his words, still clinging onto his hat, fiddling with its edges out of mere nervousness, \"I only meant to ask you if you planned on visiting your mother's grave this coming weekend.\" Miss Price's sarcastic grin all of a sudden reverted to a more solemn expression again at another mentioning of her late mother. Especially since the weekend was all centered on Mother's Day Weekend, now simply wasn't the time to avoid the subject of mothers being brought up. \"As a matter of fact I do. Well, long after the children have gone to bed, that's for sure. I don't want them to know what is going on just yet,\" she admitted to him; something she never thought she would do for the very life of her. \"Well Miss Price, sooner or later in the weekend, which happens to be very very soon, those children will eventually have to find out about the heaviness you feel in your heart about Mother's Day, and there's certainly no escaping that feeling of heartbreak every time you think about her that's for sure. But believe it or not, I think they happen to be sailing on the same boat as you are, my dear friend. You mustn't forget that they too lost their mother earlier in the war. Your situations aren't as different after all, you know. You and the children just have to find a way to make it through this celebration together. Make sure it's meaningful! Don't forget to open up to them! They've been with you for quite a while now...\" Mr. Jelk offered his sound advice, trailing off before he gave her a warm smile, the blush still remaining planted on his cheeks, \"...You don't always have to be so mysterious, you know. Everyone has their vulnerable moments in life and no human being is an exception. Including you.\" Miss Price couldn't help but smile at the minister's words of wisdom. For that moment at least, it didn't seem like a sermon she'd seem to hear almost every Sunday, but it was more like sound advice coming from a friend...well, almost. \"Thank you, Mr. Jelk,\" she mustered up a small smile, \"Your words never fail to resound in it's meaning.\" \"Anything for a dear friend of mine, especially a brilliant woman like you,\" Mr. Jelk responded with another creeping blush. Miss Price seemed to notice the bright-red color on his cheeks and decided to herself that she had found yet another opportunity to send him off with a tease. \"You know something Mr. Jelk, I'm surprised that it's only now that I realized something about you that you've had for quite a while now that I've failed to notice even on Valentine's Day and a many great holidays even for the past few years that we've known each other,\" she began with a smile creeping up her face. \"And what is that something, may I ask?\" the minister furrowed his eyebrows in a curious sort of way. \"Admit it, Father Jelk, you fancy me!\" Miss Price proclaimed to him with a wide, sarcastic grin as she quickly pushed on the pedal to speed off on her motorbike, \"Good day!\" \"Wait, what ?!\" he exclaimed, dumbfounded by her unprecedented remark. Before he could question her any further, it was already too late as the motorcycle had already taken off in full speed away from his direction. Without anything further to do, he turned away and chuckled, her last few words to him replaying constantly on his mind. \"The woman thinks I fancy her, eh?\" Mr. Jelk murmured to himself, his blush growing even bigger, \"Not too shabby for wishful thinking, that's for sure.\" With that, he walked away from the dirt road and into the flower shop, without a doubt, still thinking about the words Miss Price had uttered. But for this moment, he was just thankful to have given her some sound advice she never thought would come from him, although in most cases, she would very seldom follow it. Perhaps she would listen to it. Perhaps she would . This feeling of gratefulness seemed short-lived, however, because a small afterthought quickly passed the young minister's mind that simply said, \"What if she is the one who fancies me?\" A/N: Well, here's the first chapter for you! Expect the next chapter to come in the next day or two, because it seems that my writer's block is at this moment, officially broken. I hope you enjoyed this chapter...stay tuned for more! Don't forget to leave me a REVIEW! 'Til next time... ~ASianSuccessor2012 P.S. Did any of you notice some one-sided Miss Price/Mr. Jelk towards the end of this chapter? Don't worry about any pairings for this story...it's not the main focus here! As always, Miss Price will always belong to Professor Emelius Browne (who knows? He might be in this story as per any request. Let me know if you'd like him to be in it and PM me suggestions as to how he may be able to fit in this story.) ","Summary":" Author's Note: Hi everyone! ASianSuccessor2012 here! Here I am again with another B&B; story...my t"},{"Movie":"Bedknobs and Broomsticks","Title":"Cherry's Adventures of Bedknobs and Broomsticks","Author":"PerkyGoth14","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12197131","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Last year... Emma and Ezra came to visit the Fudo household to celebrate Grandparent's Day with Atticus, Darla, and Jessica. They were all very excited and happy. While they were having a lot of fun, Cherry stared at them through one window and she looked a little depressed and walked away while she looked quite miserable. She took out a necklace given to her as a baby, she then squeezed it and shut her eyes as tears streamed down her face as she felt even more depressed. Her necklace soon glowed. She then removed her glasses, rubbed her eyes, and slid them back on as her necklace glowed and she tilted her head. It was an opal stone which was hers and her mother's birthstone. \"Why is it glowing?\" Cherry asked. There then came an image of a woman that Cherry had only seen in photographs. \"Grandma...?\" Cherry asked in surprise. \"Hello, Cherry.\" Mally smiled. \"Grandma...?\" Cherry still asked in surprise. \"Can I like, talk to the dead or something?\" \"No, Cherry, because I'm not dead... I'm alive...\" Mally replied. Cherry then lowered the necklace in shock as this was a lot to take in. \"How are you not dead?\" she then asked. \"It's a long story, my child...\" Mally replied. Cherry then gripped the necklace and ran right home to tell her parents right away. \"I hope Cherry isn't too sad...\" Michelle said to herself as she did laundry. \"I miss my mother very much, but this is hard on both of us, I'm not sure who it's harder for though.\" Cherry soon got to her house. \"Oh, hello, dear, did your walk make you feel better?\" Michelle asked her daughter. \"Mom... I saw her...\" Cherry whispered shallowly. \"She talked to me...\" \"Who, dear?\" Michelle smiled. \"Grandma.\" Cherry then said which made Michelle's face pale and she dropped the laundry basket right in the middle of the floor. \"What did you say?\" Michelle asked. \"I saw Grandma... She's alive...\" Cherry replied. \"Are you serious?\" Michelle asked. \"I-I swear, I saw her and she talked to me...\" Cherry replied. \"Something is wrong in the past...\" Mally said to her adoptive daughter. \"Mom!\" Michelle gasped. \"What do you mean, Grandma?\" Cherry asked. \"Some things are changing...\" Mally replied. \"Michelle, do you remember when your father was away at war and we had to stay with your 'Aunt Eglantine' and those three children?\" Michelle thought about it for a moment, but then nodded once she remembered. \"I remember... And we met Professor Emelius Brown...\" \"I'm afraid something in the past is changing within there...\" Mally replied. \"Michelle, since you are powerless and I'm in the other realm with Edward Spellman, I'm afraid we can't go... But Cherry and her friend can.\" \"You mean me and Atticus?\" Cherry asked. \"Yes, because your friend is a Wiccan and you are a dream-bender...\" Mally replied. \"You must travel back in time and make sure nothing happens to any of us, especially my dear friend Eglantine Price.\" \"Oh, Grandma, I don't know if I can...\" Cherry sounded anxious. \"I believe in you Cherry.\" Mally said. \"Grandma...\" Cherry pouted. \"Please, Cherry, promise me...\" Mally replied. Cherry then shut her eyes. \"I'll try...\" Michelle then hugged Cherry. One year later... Cherry, Atticus, Mo, Patch in his human form, and Sabrina were in the school gym with the other students and were waiting for Drell to come in for their physical education for the day. \"Where could he be?\" Mo asked. \"I dunno, but I'm getting tired of waiting...\" Harvey replied. \"Same here and this is my favorite subject next to Math.\" Atticus said. \"Well, I'm out of here...\" Cassandra started to walk away which made Tiffany and Margo follow her. \"Seriously?\" Atticus asked. \"Hey, no point in staying if no one's gonna show.\" Cassandra replied. \"You could get in a lot of trouble though, especially from a certain aunt of yours~\" Cherry smirked. \"Dang it.\" Cassandra groaned. Tiffany and Margo then decided to go back since Cassandra was. Drell came in, wearing a whistle around his neck as he stood with Ms. Magrooney. \"Sorry we're late, guys, we had a... Umm... Teacher's meeting...\" \"Today, we're going to play dodgeball,\" Ms. Magrooney said. \"Instead of the usual boys vs girls, we'll have two captains: Atticus and Cassandra.\" \"Oh, this is going to be fun.\" Atticus smirked. \"Yeah, yeah...\" Cassandra said. \"I'll pick Cherry.\" Atticus then said, picking his best friend first even if she wasn't much of a sports fan. \"You can have her.\" Cassandra then scoffed. \"Your turn to pick, Cassandra.\" Ms. Magrooney said. \"Tiffany.\" Cassandra said. Later on, the teams were all paired out and the game began. Drell and Ms. Magrooney dully watched until the bell would ring for the next class and the kids would go into the locker room to get out of their gym uniforms. The game went on for a while, but in the end, Atticus's team was the winner. \"All right, hit the showers!\" Ms. Magrooney told the others. After class, the students were dismissed. \"Hold it right there!\" Drell called to Cherry, Atticus, Mo, and Patch. \"I wanna see you all immediately.\" \"Atticus and friends are in trouble~\" Tiffany mocked. \"How do you get in trouble with the gym teacher?\" Margo laughed as they walked with Cassandra. \"We're not in trouble.\" Atticus said. The other students then left. Sabrina looked to them and she then left with Harvey. \"What's up, Drell?\" Atticus asked once it was just the five of them. \"It's time...\" Drell told Cherry. \"Really?\" Cherry asked. Drell nodded. Cherry then took out her necklace which was given to her when she was a baby. \"Are you sure?\" \"I'm positive...\" Drell put his arm around her. \"Come on, kid, I'll walk you there.\" \"Whoa, whoa, whoa, wherever you are taking Cherry; you're taking me along.\" Atticus said. \"Me as well.\" Mo added. \"Same here.\" Patch finished. \"This mostly concerns Cherry...\" Drell replied. \"I didn't think you'd all want to come along.\" \"Yes, we do.\" Atticus said. \"Well... Okay...\" Drell shrugged. \"Everyone, come with me.\" They all soon followed Drell to where he was going to take them. They were down in the school cellar and there was the door to the Netherworld which was invisible to mortal eyes. Cherry clutched her necklace as she followed the warlock and she was thinking back to her early childhood of when she spent a lot of time with her grandmother before her unfortunate travel away from the family. \"So, what's up, Drell?\" Mo asked. \"You all have to go to London...\" Drell said. \"From the war times.\" \"The War?\" the others asked. \"Yes, the war against Nazi Germany...\" Drell replied as he showed them a map from 1940. \"Not only does Cherry's grandmother and mother go to Eglantine Price, but there are also three children who need to be kept safe from the battle: The Rawlings siblings.\" \"The Rawlings siblings? Never heard of 'em.\" Patch said. \"I sorta know them...\" Cherry replied. \"My mom said that when she was a little girl and she and Grandma stayed with Aunt Eglantine, there were three kids who stayed with them and they found out about Eglantine's and Grandma's witch abilities.\" \"They did?\" Mo asked. \"That's what I heard anyway.\" Cherry replied. \"You must go there and make sure the time is set right, rumor has it in the Supernatural Realm that somebody has traveled back in time to stop the events from happening which would lead to your mother dying young and you will never be born.\" Drell told her. \"But who would want to go back in time and change the past?\" Atticus asked. \"We can't trace who it is, but it must be someone bad...\" Drell replied. Atticus thought about it before his face paled. \"You don't think my Uncle Sombra's trying to keep Cherry from being born so then we'll never become best friends?\" \"I hadn't considered that, but it sounds likely now that you mention it.\" Drell replied. \"We better get going then.\" Patch said. Drell nodded, then pulled out a cauldron and cracked open a spell book and put in the ingredients before reciting the time portal spell. 'This is kind of reminding me of when Ursula made that one potion for Ariel.' Atticus thought to himself. Drell put a hand in and yelled out. \"Too hot, Drell?\" Patch asked. \"Too cold!\" Drell replied as he stirred the concoction. \"Willy Wonka flashbacks...\" Cherry said before sighing about the chocolateer who was a friend of hers now since her friend Katie was happily married to him. \"When will it be ready?\" Mo asked. \"One more thing...\" Drell said before looking over the spell book ingredient list. \"Oh... I need a hair sample from a virgin.\" Mo and Atticus blushed to each other before Drell plucked a hair out of Cherry's head and put it into the cauldron. \"Ow! Why me?!\" Cherry glared. Drell then stirred and the fog rose and a time portal opened up. \"Perfect 'timing'.\" he then said with a wink before laughing at his own bad joke. The only response he got was silence. \"All right, come on, go, go, go!\" Drell told them. \"What about you?\" Patch frowned. \"Ah, you'll be fine without me...\" Drell replied. \"Besides, it's best I don't get involved.\" \"Okay.\" Cherry said. \"Go on, go!\" Drell told them. They all then went through the time portal and yelled out as they were flying all around and going to 1940 England. \"Good luck!\" Drell called out. The portal then closed after they flew in through it.[Chapter 2] There was a man painting a sign as an officer drove by and the painter thought maybe he was a Nazi in disguise. Atticus, Mo, Cherry, and Patch then appeared. \"Did we make it?\" Mo asked. \"I think so...\" Atticus looked around. \"Welcome to the world without technology.\" \"What?!\" Cherry exclaimed. \"It's the 1940's...\" Atticus replied. \"My dad isn't even born yet!\" Cherry panicked. \"Calm down.\" Patch said. \"Fine...\" Cherry pouted. \"Oh... So green and pure...\" Mo knelt by the grass and stroked it. \"It's so beautiful.\" \"Ever since you met those two siblings of yours, you've become more into nature.\" Cherry said. \"I like this side of you.\" Atticus smiled as he knelt beside Mo. \"I can hear the heartbeat of Mother Earth.\" Mo smiled as she put her ear against the grass. Cherry rolled her eyes. \"What? At least I'm not evil like when I turned evil with Gloriosa when she went crazy when she had too much magic.\" Mo said. \"That was nutty...\" Patch agreed. Mo sighed. \"I just loved seeing them again... I didn't think I had brothers and sisters before I met Angel, but I guess I did.\" \"Good thing we gave them directions to the Brown house.\" Atticus said. \"Yeah...\" Mo said softly. \"I asked them to come for Thanksgiving and Christmas.\" \"And they are going to be happy to join.\" Patch smiled. Mo smiled back. Atticus then took the lead as they wandered through the streets of England to find where they were supposed to be going. There was a youngish red-haired woman who was holding her blonde daughter's hand as they were on the streets. \"Stay close, dear...\" the woman told her daughter. \"We should find Aunt Eglantine around here.\" 'I think I just found them.' Patch thought to himself as he spotted the mother and daughter. The girl stopped for a moment and bent down to buckle her shoe. The woman then stopped to make sure her daughter could get it, but saw it was being rather difficult, she then looked around to make sure no one was looking and pointed her finger which made a spark of magic fix up the shoes. \"Thank you, Mother.\" the girl smiled. \"Come on, let's get going.\" the woman then took her hand again. \"Patch, slow down!\" Atticus voice called out. Patch smiled as he came toward the two. The girl screamed and hid behind her mother. Patch then kept his distance and smiled up to them, then looked to the woman. 'Wow, Cherry's grandmother looks really gorgeous here...' he then thought to himself at young Mally's beauty which never seemed to fade. \"I am so sorry my dog scared your daughter, he didn't mean to.\" Atticus said as he finally caught up to Patch. \"Michelle, come on out, it's all right...\" Mally called to her adoptive daughter. Michelle came up and held her mother's hand. \"I had a dog back home named Snoopy, he's a cocker spaniel.\" \"He sounds nice.\" Atticus smiled as Mo and Cherry came over. \"He used to chase birds.\" Michelle giggled. \"He did?\" Patch asked. \"Yeah...\" Michelle giggled. \"He always looked so confused when they would fly away.\" \"Wait, you aren't surprised that Atticus's dog Patch can talk?\" Mo asked. \"I talk to animals all the time, especially my mother's friends, cuz they're-\" Michelle was about to say. \"Michelle, darling, please no hogging the conversation...\" Mally smiled nervously. \"Oh, sorry, Mother.\" Michelle said. Mally then looked to them and narrowed her eyes slightly. \"Your puppy speaks... Is he a familiar?\" \"Uh, yes?\" Atticus smiled nervously/innocently. \"Then you are magic too.\" Mally then said. \"Yes,\" Atticus replied. \"I'm a Wiccan.\" \"Wiccan, eh?\" Mally asked. \"Well, I suppose you should know now... I am a witch.\" Cherry didn't say anything, she was too busy absorbing meeting her grandmother to say or do anything. \"Like the magical kind?\" Mo asked. \"Of course the magical kind,\" Mally smirked. \"You think I'm a bad woman?\" Michelle looked nervous since her mother could be strict at times. \"Oh, wait, where are my manners? We haven't even been introduced to each other yet.\" Mally said. Cherry, Atticus, Patch, and Mo gave their names. \"My name is Malovea Youngblood, and this is my daughter, Michelle,\" Mally introduced. \"Her father is away at war.\" \"We're going to see my Aunt Eglantine.\" Michelle added in. \"Do you mind if we come along?\" Mo asked. \"I suppose that would be all right...\" Mally said as Michelle was giving Patch a belly rub, and where Patch, being a dog, really enjoyed it. Michelle giggled and cooed to the dalmatian puppy. \"I can tell your daughter is an animal lover.\" Mo smiled. \"Yes, I suppose she is...\" Mally agreed. \"Come along, Michelle.\" \"Coming, Mother.\" Michelle said. Mally took Michelle's hand and walked with her. There was no other woman known as Eglantine, at least, not yet. 'This is so strange, being with Cherry's grandmother and mother at such young ages.' Mo thought to herself. Cherry felt the same way of course for obvious reasons. There were three children, two boys and a girl, who were with bags and dressed warmly as a woman was sending off a bunch of children to stay with someone else as their parents were in war or staying safe at home. What the three children didn't know was that they would soon be on an adventure. \"Those must be the Rawlins siblings.\" Patch said to himself quietly. \"Don't you dare try to run off by yourself again.\" Atticus whispered to Patch. \"Sorry...\" Patch replied softly. \"You're going to run off anyways, aren't you?\" Atticus sighed as he saw Patch ran off to the Rawling siblings. \"Yeah, he is.\" \"Maybe you should've had a cat.\" Cherry said in slight deadpan. The younger boy knelt down in front of Patch and played with him while his siblings looked bored and worried. Patch decided to get the boy's siblings to join the fun. \"The Rawlins three: Charles, Carrie, and Paul.\" the woman announced. The three kids nodded their heads once their names were called. The woman then went across the street outside as Mally and Michelle came inside and there was a vehicle parked outside. \"Who owns that vehicle?\" Mo asked. \"That would be Miss Price, dears, she's expecting mail from me, I'll be right back.\" the woman said as she was on her way out. \"Oh, boy, Aunt Eglantine!\" Michelle cheered. \"That was fast.\" Atticus smiled. \"That thing looks like it's run on sulfur...\" Mo pouted at the green smoke emitted from Eglantine's vehicle. \"Yeah.\" Cherry coughed in agreement. Eglantine went into the shop and was given something she called a parcel from a Professor Emelius Browne. While they watched, Patch then got the kids to have some fun by pretending to be soldiers in the army. \"This chap sure knows how to have fun.\" Charles smiled. Patch smiled back to the kids. \"Attack!\" Carrie laughed as she played with one of the swords. Patch soon howled, acting as if he was going into battle. \"You're going down, boys!\" Carrie glared with a smirk. Michelle wandered over, wanting to join in and play with them. Patch started to bark at what looked like a horse they were playing with. The kids then shouted as they played their little game. Charles sat on the horse with a helmet on. 'Should he be playing on that?' Patch thought to himself. \"Children, this is Miss Price,\" the woman came in after she made the kids settle down and pay attention. \"Charles, Carrie, and Paul Rawlins. All the way from London.\" \"How do you do?\" Eglantine greeted the children. The kids then replied, giving small and polite greetings. \"Hi, Aunt Eglantine.\" Michelle hugged her godmother. \"Hello, dear.\" Eglantine smiled. Michelle smiled up to her godmother. Eglantine then hugged her goddaughter with one arm and looked to the woman. \"Ah, Mally.\" \"Hello, Eglantine.\" Mally smiled. Mally and Eglantine then shared a hug together. \"Aw! A sister reunion.\" Mo smiled. \"Oh, no, we're not sisters, Mally's just my best friend.\" Eglantine explained. \"Ohh.\" Atticus smiled. \"We go way back...\" Mally smiled. The woman then introduced the Rawlins siblings to Eglantine. \"Looks like you have some new roommates.\" Mally told Michelle about the Rawlins siblings. Patch nodded in agreement. Michelle looked over curiously and smiled once she saw there was a girl among the group. \"Wait, what?\" Eglantine asked. \"Oh, the government is trying to evacuate as many children as possible all over the country.\" the woman told Eglantine. \"Very sensible...\" Eglantine smiled weakly. \"But today they've sent us 45,\" the woman continued. \"And I've had to find homes for them all on very short notice. These are the last three. All right, children, pick up your things.\" The Rawlins siblings soon nodded before going to pick up their things. \"You're not suggesting that I take these children into my house?\" Eglantine replied to the woman. \"Exactly.\" the woman nodded. \"It would be good for you.\" Mally said. \"I'm sorry, but that's quite out of the question...\" Eglantine replied uneasily. \"Except for Michelle, children and I don't get on.\" \"I'll believe you, Miss,\" Charlie said before calling to his siblings. \"Come on, everyone, back to London.\" \"Hooray!\" Carrie and Paul cheered as they followed their brother. \"I don't think that would be wise.\" Atticus said. \"Be quiet.\" the woman snapped to them. \"Miss, Malovea and I have work to do...\" Eglantine replied uneasily. \"Much important work-\" 'She doesn't really want to have them in her house it seems.' Mo thought to herself. \"Eglantine, you live alone, it might be good for you...\" Mally encouraged. \"Besides, you're like a sister to me.\" \"Please.\" Michelle begged Eglantine. \"Besides, according to these papers, you have no choice.\" the woman handed a form to Eglantine. \"Very well, if that is the case, then I shall take them into my house with the understanding that you find a more suitable home as soon as possible.\" Eglantine replied after glancing through the paper. \"Come along.\" the woman then smiled and let out a comforting hand to the Rawlins siblings. \"I have a feeling she might get attached to them.\" Mo whispered. \"That's usually what happens overtime...\" Atticus nodded to her. \"Is that another delivery from Professor Emelius Browne?\" Mally asked Eglantine. Eglantine nodded. \"I'll show it to you later tonight.\" Patch started to sniff the package. Atticus helped the kids with their bags, amazing them with how strong he really was. \"Wow.\" The Rawling siblings said. Atticus smiled to them as they made their way out with Eglantine. Mally made sure that Eglantine was careful with the kids while Michelle looked very shy, but had a friendly smile. \"Wow, who knew Cherry's mom was shy?\" Patch whispered. \"I'll say.\" Atticus whispered back in agreement as Cherry's mother was rather vibrant and talkative in the present day. \"Are you going to drop by later?\" The pastor asked Eglantine. \"Why?\" Eglantine replied. \"Oh, we have spiritual deeds to discuss, do we not?\" The pastor smiled about the kids. \"That won't be necessary, they won't be with me very long.\" Eglantine replied before starting her vehicle to take the others back to her cottage. 'Oh, she'll change her mind later on.' Mo thought to herself. \"Hang on tight, Michelle.\" Mally told her adoptive daughter. \"Mother, I hope Daddy and Barbie will be all right.\" Michelle pouted about her sister and father. \"They'll be fine, I promise you.\" Mally cooed. Once everyone was in the side car, they were off to Eglantine's house. ","Summary":" Last year... Emma and Ezra came to visit the Fudo household to celebrate Grandparent's Day with Att"},{"Movie":"Love of Siam","Title":"Love of SiamSequel: Chapter Two  Tong's Reckoning","Author":"Musclesgam","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6841268","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter Two: Tong's Reckoning \"What am I going to say to Donut?\" Tong questioned himself as he rushed to meet with Donut. Tong remembered the first time he saw Mew. At the time, Tong was playing catch with his sister Tang, who was throwing the ball all over the place. Tong was running every where to get the ball. Tong had sworn that his sister threw the ball wildly on purpose. He could see the little smirks on his sister's face every now and then, but it was all fun. He loved his sister very much. Then on one of his sister's wild throws, Tong could hear a car coming. Tong quickly grabbed the ball and stood to one side. He had noticed that his sister did the same on the same side of the alley. The car hurried toward them and if by instinct, the driver had stopped almost right in front of them. Tong saw the driver and his front seat passenger getting out. He then saw this last passenger, a boy about his age reluctantly, slowly, taking his first step to get out of the back. Tong could see that the boy did not want to be here. He could see the dry tear stains on the side of boy's face. The boy looked like he was in a somber mood. Upon seeing her visitors' arrival, grandma Jeng promptly came out of her house and welcomed her son's family. The father told his son Mew to say hi to his grandma. Getting no response from Mew, the father ordered his son to bring in his things. As the boy went to the back of the car and grabbed his things from the trunk, Tong locked eyes with him. There was no sign of friendliness. Tong then waved weakly at this new boy. Tong's sister gently tapped Tong's head. \"Stop staring. Come and help me in setting the table.\" Tang continued. Few hours later, Tong saw that the car was gone and he could see from his room's window that his new neighbour was laying on a bed in what was an empty room before. His new neighbour was laying on his front. There was no movement. Much later that night, Tong learned from his parents that Grandma Jeng had her grandson moved to stay with her. Her son was not able to have his job transferred to Bangkok. There was also a hint that the parents didn't want their son to live with them. For the next several days, Tong had noticed that his new neighbour preferred to stay by himself. He even waved at his new neighbour from his window. Tong also attempted to introduce himself in school. Each time, his new neighbour would either give no response or just walk away. What made it worst was the gum incident. Ever since, Tong had noticed more subtle changes. His new neighbour's window curtain was drawn tightly. Tong no longer saw his new neighbour in the mornings or after school. During school time, Tong noticed that his neighbour would not make contact with anyone. Even during recesses, his neighbour would spend time alone. Tong had felt badly about the gum incident. Because of what he had seen and what he did, Tong somehow felt protective of his new neighbour. One day when he saw a group of older boys going to the washroom after his new neighbour, Tong had somehow sensed something horrible would happen. Perhaps it was the best thing that had ever happened, Tong reminisced. That bathroom incident had opened up Mew. Tong was no longer the boy to avoid. That was when Tong and Mew began to face the world together, Tong mused. Tong remembered the first time he saw Mew smiled. They were sitting on the school's stairwell. Mew was helping to clean Tong's injuries resulted from the scuffle in the washroom. Mew's smile was so beautiful. When he smiled, he was like an angel, so bright, so innocent, so endearing. \"Was that when I had an inkling that this new neighbour of mine would be my best friend forever?\" Tong pondered. When Tong's sister didn't return from the trip to Chiang Mai, Tong had felt as if a biggest part of him had been torn away. His parents were unbelievably occupied in consoling themselves. \"What about me?\" Tong inquired to no one particular. Mew was there for Tong. For five nights after Tong's parents returned and then went back to Chiang Mai, Tong relied on Mew for emotional support. Every day of those five days was a painful reminder that he was left out. Every night Tong would find solace and comfort in being with Mew. Then on the night of his parents' return and witnessing his mom's despair outcry, Tong had finally, sadly, devastatingly realized his sister was not coming back. Throughout that evening, he was extremely subdued. All night long he was trying to keep his emotions in check. When Mew touched his arm in bed and eventually held his hand, he ultimately broke down. He began to weep convulsively. Tong didn't remember how long he had been sobbing but he had recalled that when he woke up on the next morning, he was resting on Mew's arm. Mew was smiling at him. Was it destiny that he saw Mew at Siam Square? Was it fate that he couldn't find love with Donut? \"Where were you? We are late!\" Donut demanded to know. Tong had finally arrived at the meeting place. Then as if it was a telltale sign from fate, Tong had begun to hear the beginning of the song that was especially written for him. Tong stopped himself and turned toward the big screen and saw his beloved singing. Tong couldn't help, but seem to be paralyzed by Mew's image. If I say that I wrote this song for you, would you believe me? \"Mew, I miss you a lot.\" Tong thought. It might not be as well-written and beautiful like other songs. I want you to know that you can't write a love song if you're not in love. But for you, I can write this song so easily. Tong finally got the courage. \"Donut, we can't be together.\" \"Fine. We don't have to go to the party.\" \"No... Umm... I mean I can't see you any longer.\" \"Awww...You should have told me earlier. Now I don't have a date - of all nights! How embarrassing!\" As Tong watched Donut storming off, Tong had realized that if it wasn't for Mew, he wouldn't know what love was. He certainly couldn't find this precious love in Donut. Tong started to walk toward the concert. In the past, I spent a lot of time looking for the meaning of it, but I just knew that every time you are near. No, with Mew, it wasn't just a friendship love. It wasn't just a love of being closely together. It wasn't even a love stemmed from spending a childhood together. It was way more than an ... eternal love. I just knew that if life is a melody, you are the lyrics to make it meaningful and make life a beautiful music. Tong began to pick up his pace. He started to run. Let it be the song. On the way along with only your and my voice. That will be together for a long time. Tong met up with Ying and together they rushed toward the concert. They got to the balcony of stairwell that overlooked the stage and they could clearly see Mew performing. Tong was mesmerized by the hopeful look that Mew seemed to be emitting toward him. At the back of Tong's mind, Tong cautioned himself. Tong didn't want to scare Mew off. Tong certainly didn't want Mew to be frightened by his own self-discovered revelation. Tong would have to take things slowly and to ensure Mew that things will be all right. That their future together was their destiny. What about his own family? Tong's parents were still in turmoil. Will his father be able to recover from his alcoholism, now that June had gone away? Did Tong have the right to be selfish while he lovingly pursued Mew's love? Just before Mew's performance ended, Ying grabbed Tong's hand, descended the stairwell and walked toward the stage. Tong was excited too. He couldn't wait to see Mew in person, so he hurriedly moved ahead of Ying. There was so much to say to Mew. Then as Tong quickly moved ahead, Ying realized that this gathering was for Tong and Mew. Ying now saw that this was a private thing. She was not privy to Tong and Mew's love. Ying reluctantly let go of Tong's hand. She sadly resigned to the fact she again failed to acquire the unrequited love. Twice already in her young life! She was so hoping that somehow, something would be developed with Tong. Tong had felt the loosening of Ying's grip and by the time Ying had let go, Tong had moved too far forward to find Ying in the back. Tong had decided to go ahead and find Mew. He struggled through the crowd and after asking several stagehands, he finally saw Mew and his group. When Tong saw Mew, Tong got the feeling that perhaps Mew would be better off without him. Tong could easily see that Mew was in his element when he was performing. Besides, Tong was not going to profess his love in front of Mew's band mates. Tong had ensconsed that he would give Mew the freedom. If he and Mew were meant to be together, fate will somehow, someway, someday reunite them. \"Mew!\" Mew turned around, hearing a familiar voice, hoping that it would be Tong, \"Hey, Tong!\" Mew was grateful that it was indeed Tong. He simply couldn't bare to miss Tong for another day. Auntie or not, he wanted to experience again that magical moment with Tong after June's party. He wanted to feel Tong's lips on his. Mew inwardly laughed. As soon as he got home after that party, he had pressed his lips against a blank sheet of paper, shaded the impression, and on the next day, he went to Siam Square and had the small sheet laminated. His first real kiss! Mew will always remember that night! \"The music was great!\" Mew was still reminiscing that night and asked the same question, hoping, praying that Tong would reply with a similar response as that night: \"Do you have anything to say after listening to it?\" \"Umm...\" Tong stammered, still questioning whether he's doing the right thing. He didn't want Mew to avoid him like Mew had done in the past few days. What did his mom say to Mew anyhow? It must have been something ominous for Mew not to have any contact with him. Tong had thought Mew had shared the same strong, unbreakable affection as he. So why did Mew not answer to any of his pleas? Did Mew feel regretful over them being together? Was Mew ashamed of them being intimate? Tong replied with such a finality that sounded like he would never see Mew again: \"I can't be with you as your boyfriend.\" Mew blinked. Mew felt as if his world had finally come crashing down. He knew he had avoided Tong in the past few days, but he really wasn't prepared for those words. He had always thought eventually that some day he and Tong would be allowed to be more than just friends. As soon as Tong had said those words, Tong saw the flicker of light in Mew's eyes, that angelic smile he knew so well ever since from childhood, faltered. Was Tong wrong about Mew not caring? Tong promptly, finally confessed his true feeling, despite of the fact that he knew Mew's friends were watching, listening: \"But that doesn't mean I don't love you, Mew.\" \"Thank you.\" Mew responded awkwardly. Being confused, he now simply wanted to be alone. \"Umm...I have to go. They're waiting.\" \"Wait, Mew.\" Tong remembered. \"Ah, I want to give you this.\" Tong handed the wooden doll's nose to Mew. \"What is it?\" \"It's your Christmas present.\" \"Thank you.\" Not too sure what else to say, Mew reminded Tong, \"Umm...I better go.\" \"Good luck.\" \"Good luck.\" Mew walked back to his band mates and his friends inquired, \"Hey! What is it? Let me see.\" Tong looked on as Mew was returning to his friends. Tong wondered if he will ever see Mew again. Did he give the wrong impression? Will Mew continue on to avoid his calls - still? Tong was hoping to tell Mew that every thing was all right with his mom. That he and Mew could still continue on to see each other and explore this great thing that they had. Now, will there be any chance of them ever see each other again? Mew looked back, still hoping that Tong would say something else or give a hint that they would get together soon. Tong put up a brave smile, waved and then turned. Tong didn't want Mew or any others to see how hurt he was. The last time he was like this was after he had witnessed his mom crying, holding Tang's pillow, asking why. Will he lose Mew like his family lost his sister? This time though Tong had no one to share his unimaginable grief and heartache... ","Summary":" Chapter Two: Tong's Reckoning \"What am I going to say to Donut?\" Tong questioned himself as he ru"},{"Movie":"Love of Siam","Title":"Once Upon A Rainstorm in Bangkok","Author":"FalseReflections","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5420830","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's note: Well, I saw the movie. It didn't make me cry like it did to most of you. Probably cuz I was watching it in seventeen parts. But the story sorta stuck to me up till now. It's been a week and I can't get it out of my head. This is my tibute to what i wish would happen. Mario Maurer and Pchy are totally made for each other. Apologies for bad spelling. Using WordPad whcich doesn't have spellcheck. Bad grammar is all me though. Disclaimer: I don't own anything from The Love of Siam. Only the attempt at bad American english by my characters. ################ Once Upon A Rainstorm in Bangkok The streets of Bangkok were awashed with the sights and smells of dinner time. Push carts selling everything from hotdogs to deep fried snacks to the ever popular phad thai could barely negotiate the streets thronged with people and vehicles, swamped with hungry customers eager for a bite or two. The air was damp, as it always is after a short tropical shower, the streets were wet and a chill was already beginning to descend in the fading light of the sun. In the bustling street, it was easy to lose contact with the friends you were with and even harder to look for friends you were suppossed to meet. Tong knew this. That did not stop him from trying. \"Where are you, Ying?\" he muttered to himself, checking his watch. They were suppossed to have met over half an hour ago and Tong hated it when people are late. Especially when they were suppossed to meet for dinner. A few minutes late and it would be impossible to find a restaurant or a food stall with any vacancies. This was dinner time in Bangkok. And the air, thick with fumes from the evening traffic, is not helping his mood either. All that, and the rumbling in his stomach. Tong checked his watch again, before digging into his pocket for his mobile phone, to see if he had received any messages. He had two. He could barely hold back the curse that slipped out of his mouth as he read them. Both were from Ying. Meet me at Fatty Weng's Diner instead. It'll be too crowded at Siam Square. That message was sent to him nearly forty minutes ago. He had been waiting at the wrong place! The second message was shorter and had only been received around five minutes ago. Where are you? The curse that came out of his mouth then was uttered with much more conviction this time round as Tong shook his head, zipped up his sweater, and made his way into the streets, dimming in the twilight. ################# It had been over two months since The Christmas Incident and Mew was working hard to push It into the back of his mind. Instead of letting his mind linger in throes of depression, Mew had been working hard on a few projects he had concocted for himself to serve as a distraction. Three actually. First was with regards to August. Operation New Songs. They desperately needed new songs, especially since their last album was listed as a hit in the local music scene. Some of their songs even made it to the air! But to keep their fans, they needed to come up with more. The second project, Operation New Life With New Room, that Mew was determined to embark on, was redecorating. He had decided that his room was too plain and, after a glance of Axe's stylish room with its guitar theme and Pingpong's sunny and cheerful bedroom, Mew decided that there was no reason he could not have the same. Of course, it would have to suite his own personal tastes and preferences. And budget. The third and final project was perhaps the most important. To himself, it was Operation Forgetting Tong. To anyone else who asks, it was Operation Making New Friends. Strictly platonic friends of course. Mew refused to consider dating, especially in so short a time after The Christmas Incident. Well. Short to his reckoning anyway. Mew was currently preoccupied with Operation New Life With New Room. And he could feel a dilema coming on. Should he paint his plain white room green or blue? He can only afford to choose one colour, which scrapped Axe's idea of using two colours to make his room more interesting. And he cannot afford to hire a professional painter to make patterns and motifs on the walls like Axe had. Blue had been his favourite colour for as long as he could remember but the dark blue he had in mind, he refuses to consider baby blue or any other lighter shade of blue, would only serve to make his personal space more gloomy, which would defeat the purpose of Operation New Room New Life. There was just something about green, bright cheerful grassy green, that seem to lighten Mew's heart. Green was the colour of spring, of new beginnings. But blue was his favourite colour. Gah. Mew was sitting on his bed, and was just about to consider the notion of choosing a neutral colour- maybe beige, but would that be too plain?- when his phone beeped, signaling a new text message. Mew quickly glanced through the message, and sighed. It was from Axe. Practice in twenty minutes. Usual place. Get dinner at restaurant if you haven't had any. Cya. His best friend Axe had taken to reminding him of all their practice sessions. Partly because Mew kept forgetting about them- his mind is always preoccupied nowadays- and partly, Mew suspected, because Axe knew it irks him. The annoying bastard, Mew thought fondly. Rolling out of bed, Mew took off his shirt and began to change. He dug through his wardrobe for a sweater. It can be quite chilly after dark. #################### \"Well, you sure took your time getting here. I thought you might have been kidnapped or something. Kidnapped, maimed and kicked out onto the streets to beg. There would have been enough time for that, in fact.\" Tong smirked. It was quite rare to see Ying so worked up, her eyes large and angry, her mouth pouty, her hands on her hips. But he knows how to handle her, after a few weeks of getting to know her better. He hung his head bashfully and gave Ying a small, apologetic smile. Ying, who was seated and who was glaring at the ceiling, made her normal mistake of looking at Tong's face. She visibily softened before shaking her head. \"Arh! Stop it. You look like a puppy. A really ugly puppy,\" she snapped. \"But you like ugly puppies. The uglier the better,\" Tong retorted, openly laughing now. Ying visibly stuggled to control herself, Tong could see, but her lips were already turning up at the edges and her eyes were no longer flashing. \"Well then, for your punishment, this dinner is on you,\" she said, trying to salvage whatever dignity she had left. \"Isn't it always on me?\" Tong laughed as Ying threw a toothpick at him. ############################## Mew sighed. Practice was not going well. Not at all. Jing, their bassist, had to cancel out at the last minute because o a family emergency. Pingpong had a sorethroat and was not in any shape to be doing the back-up vocals. Axe's guitar seemed a little out of tune, though he insisted there was nothing wrong with it. And the new song that Mew had brought along with him had received a less than warm reception. \"It wasn't as good as what you gave us the last time,\" Axe told him. \"Not that it's bad or anything,\" he was quick to reassure Mew. \"There's just no... flow to it. No feeling.\" After two hours of unsuccessfully trying to make whatever practice time they had fruitful, everyone had agreed that it just was not their day. Packing up had passed by quickly and before Mew knew it, he was walking back home with Axe. The streets were no longer as crowded as before, thought there still remained pockets of congestion along Bangkok's smaller roads. The air was cool and smelled of food and exhaust. Mew was glad he brought his sweater along. \"Are you okay, Mew? You've been a little out of it lately,\" Axe queried, breaking Mew out of his reverie. \"I'm okay, Axe. No really,\" he replied. Axe was plainly unconvinced. He started to talk but stopped himself. He then broke into a smile. \"I'll be your gay boyfriend if you keep going on like this. Believe me, if that's the only way it'll get you to write sappy love songs that are going to make us rich and famous...\" Mew laughed as he punched Axe on his shoulder. Axe was one of the very few people who appeared absolutley comfortable with his sexuality. And, so far, the only one who will joke about it. \"I wouldn't date you, you bastard. No one in their right mind would!\" Mew teased him back, his mood lightening up. Axe laughed, his eyes sparkling with genuine mirth. They were making a lot of noise for two people and though some passers-by gave them curious looks, they ignored them as only teenagers could. Mew could feel the weight on his shoulders becoming slightly lighter. Thank God for good friends. \"But screaming fan girls are never in their right minds, Mew! I'd still have so many to choose from.\" \"You idiot! Some boyfriend you're going to be!\" As they reached around a bend, laughing and joking about screaming fan girls, Mew stopped and turned to look at Axe, smiling softly. \"Thanks Axe. You're a good friend.\" Axe smiled broadly. \" I know, I know. Heh, if you'll ask nicely, I'll even go out with you...\" \"Huh, you'll make a lousy boyfriend.\" \"Hey!\" ############################### \"Ying?\" \"Yeah? What?\" \"Do you think... do you think Mew's alright?\" They had finished their dinner over an hour ago and were slowly walking back towards Ying's home. Tong had wanted to wait for Sunee, his mother, back at the restaurant but Ying would have none of it. \" What if I get kidnapped and maimed and kicked out on the streets to beg?\" Ying pleaded when he had initially said no. After fifteen minutes of cajoling and blackmailing, Tong had finally agreed to send Ying home. And it got Tong thinking about Ying's neighbour. \"Well... Mew's a really tough guy, you know? I guess, after being through what he's been through, you sorta get used to picking up the pieces of your shattered heart, bleeding in the puddles of blood lying at your-\" \"Ying!\" They walked in silence, no sound coming from either of them other than Tong's deep breaths and Ying's slight panting. Tension was rife between them. Guilt was once again worming into Tong's heart as he thought about what Ying had just said. He was the one who had rejected Mew. He did not mean to of course. He just said he would not become his boyfriend. He had not wanted to lose their friendship. But the last two months had made him question his decision. Two months of silence, ever since that night during Christmas. Two months of avoiding each other's favourite haunts and eating places. Two months of unsent text messages and abandoned call attempts. Two months of listeing to August band's CDs and- well, not pining- but, missing. Yes. Missing Mew. If not for his family becoming a happier one by the day and football, Tong would have thought his life completely miserable. Ying walked silently beside him. Over the past two moths, both of them had taken to hanging out with one another; Ying prefering Tong's lively company than Mew's melancholic one and Tong using Ying as a conduit to gain a glimpse of Mew's life. A passing truck zoomed by and it seemed to be enough encouragement for further dialogue between the two teens. With a loud sigh, Ying rolled her eys and spoke to Tong gently. \"I'll be honest. He's still trying to get over you. Buuut.. he's getting better! Just the other day, I saw him playing his keyboard. And it wasn't even your song! You know how sick I am of listening to your song? He's written a new one. And it's not about you, I think. Which is good. It sounded...Well, not happy exactly but... hmmm... hopeful? Cheerful? So, yeah... I think he's getting along fine.\" \"When was the last time you talked to him?\" Tong asked, his eyes cast upward to the night sky. It was too bright, here in the city, to see any stars, but the moon was shining brightly, proud and beautiful in the Siamese night. \"Erm, just yesterday. Over the phone.\" \"About?\" 'Nothing much. He's repainting his room, did you know?\" Tong nodded. He knew about Operation New Life in Room. Or something like that. \"Yeah,\" Ying continued,\" I think he's reapinting it blue. Or green. I can't remember which. Or maybe he hasn't decided yet. Yeup. That's it.\" \"Oh,\" was all Tong could say. Green was his favourite colour. The colour of his favourite T-Shirt. The colour of grass and the forest. The colour of Christmas and unripe, sour baby mangoes that he liked in his salads. The colour of his dream car. And maybe, just maybe, the colour of Mew's room in the future. Tong snorted. He was even more pathetic than he previously thought. \"Why green? Did he tell you?\" Ying scrunched her eyes, as if trying to remember Mew's words. \"Hmm... something about it being...err...Can't remember exactly...But hey! It's your favourite colour isn't it?Aha! So that's why you're asking!\" Ying exclaimed, excited. She stopped and turned to Tong, laughing. \"What's so funny?\" Tong was getting annoyed. They were already reaching Ying's place. Only a block away. And all he had learnt was that Mew was going to repaint his room, possibly with Tong's favourtie colour, and there was Ying, laughing as if she had just heard a very good joke. \"Oh come on! It's obvious! He is subconciously thinking of you while picking the colours!\" Tong shot her a slightly disgusted look. \"You've been reading too many romance novels, Ying. A lot of people paint their rooms green. It's a popular colour,\" he reasoned. Ying shook her head. \"No. It's you, affecting him. Just like how you affect everything he does nowadays.\" Her words seemed to shoot through his chest and seemed to slowly, deliberately settle down into the pit of his stomach. So Mew had been miserable too, these past couple of months. Because of him. \"Do you really think so?\" He asked quietly, looking down before meeting Ying's gaze. Ying shrugged, looking away, and suddenly started walking. Tong, who was left slightly surprised, had to jog to catch up. They turned into a corner. Tong was still facing Ying, waiting for an answer. Loud laughter sounded from somewhere across the small road of Ying's house, the one they were turning into. Ying stopped, peering into the street before facing Tong again. The laughing stopped. \"Well, Tong, you really should ask him yourself,\" she said, her voice suddenly hoarse as she continued to look to her front. Tong turned, his heart beating louder and louder with each breath, as his eyes adjusted to the glare of the street lights above them. \"Mew?\" ######################### Both of them could only stare at each other, drinking in the sight that had eluded both of them for the past two months. Axe was the first to speak, breaking the silence with a soft chuckle. \"Well, I have to go now Mew. Call me tomorrow okay? G'night!\" Mew barely registered his friend's departure, a nod being the only acknoledgement he could give at the moment. His eyes were transfixed on Tong, on the boy in front of him, the boy that had haunted his most beutiful of dreams and his worst nightmares. I can't be your boyfried Mew.... Tong himself was not any much better. Ying sighed impatiently and gave him a nudge, hard enough for him to be pushed forward. Towards Mew. 'Ugh, whatever you guys. Kiss and make up, will you? You're both driving me crazy,\" she snapped. With a flick of her hair, Ying disappeared quickly into her house, muttering impatiently about bed and school. Tong continued staring, his expression tender, a warm, glow radiating from somewhere between his chest and stomach. ...but that doesn't mean I don't love you. \"So... how have you been?\" Mew was surprised his voice was clear and casual, not crackling and hoarse like he thought it would be. Tong replied, smiling, \"I've been alright. Okay, mostly. You?' \"I'm good,\" said Mew, who shifted his feet, a fluttering feeling growing in his stomach. \"I'm glad,\" said Tong, his voice almost a whisper. Silence. Tong took in Mew's appearance, from his worn, green sneakers to his sweater to his made up hair. He did look well. A big part of him felt relieved. A tiny part of him felt a little... resentful? He quickly squashed the thought. Scratching his head and peering at Mew, he had no words to say. A gust of wind suddenly blew and Mew looked up in scant interest. The air was quickly becoming heavier with the smell of rain approaching. tropical storms had the habit of sneaking up on you, just when you thought the skies were clear. Just like other things in his life. \"It's going to rain,\" Tong remarked, pulling his gaze away from the other boy. \"I should probably be getting home. Before it starts to...you know. Rain.\" He turned to go back to where he came from. Mew was alright, he thought. I should be happy for him. Tong smiled. A small, sad smile. \"Wait!\" Tong stopped. He turned. Mew was still rooted to where he was standing before, only difference being an uncertain, hopeful expression on his face. Tong's heart leaped at what he saw. \"You should come in. There won't be time for you to get back before it starts to rain,\" Mew called out. Tong seemed to consider what Mew said. \"Well that depends,\" he replied, his voice echoing in the small street they were in. \"On what?\" \"On whether you'll... give me a chance.\" What had been a glimmer of hope in his heart began to expand slowly into a bright light. Mew tried to hold back a smile but it was immensely difficult. \"A chance for what?\" \"A... Well, a chance to be your... your boyfriend!\" That last word seem to ring in both their ears. A flash of lightning came quickly after, followed by a rumbling thunder. But both boys stood still. Tong gulped, a reddish tinge already glowing through his ears. His eyes were shining. Mew smiled, this time a full blown, genuine smile of happiness that slowly spread across his face, like a chrysenthemum blooming from a small bud into bright, glorious radiance that could challenge the sun. Words seemed to have escaped him. He was so.... happy. Tong continued to stare, his stomach fluttering madly. Mew nodded. It was Tong's turn to smile. ############################## Ying nearly squealed out loud when she saw Tong going into Mew's house. She immediately scrambled for her mobile phone on her dresser and began texting. Axe, don't worry. I think August is gonna get a whole new LIST of sappy love songs! ############################# It was at least two in the morning. The rain that was ravaging the deserted streets of Bangkok had retreated into the darkness of the night sky, and the moon was shining through in all its radiant beauty. In the room, two boys laid side by side, one of them contentedly snoring while the other wrapped him in his arms. The latter was still awake, events that had just transpired running giddily though his mind. Only one more thing was left to settle... \"Mew,\" he whispered in the other one's ear, the one who was softly snoring away. \"Mew,\" he repeated, when the other gave no response, a little louder this time. \"Tong?\" The other one answered sleepily, pulling up the blanket tighter. The air was chilly but both the boys were warm under the covers, enjoying warmth from each other. \"Mew, I need to tell you something.\" \"Is it about your mother? I thought-.\" \"Nah, don't worry about her. I texted her. No, it's something else,\" he was still whispering. His partner gazed fondly at the boy who was speaking, whatever tension he felt from waking up melting away as he began to lose himself in the other's eyes. \"Then what is it?\" The one called Tong smiled sheepishly, pulling the one called Mew closer to his plain white T-shirt. \"Are you still deciding what colour to paint your room with?\" \"Yeah. I'm choosing green.\" Mew closed his eyes, his last waking memory being that of of Tong smiling that special smile of his. ###################### There you go!!! How was it??!! Good? Great? Like it? REVIEW!!!! ...and maybe, just maybe.......I'll write another. For now, this is a ONESHOT! ","Summary":" Author's note: Well, I saw the movie. It didn't make me cry like it did to most of you. Probably cu"},{"Movie":"Love of Siam","Title":"The Love of Siam: Second Chances","Author":"narusuke","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8133137","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Give Me One More Chance Sobbing quietly in his room, Mew tried to recollect the pieces of his broken heart. He's forcing his self in thinking that Tong loves him, but sadly that love will never transcend the realm of friendship. Mew wanted more than that, but Tong said those awful words that ruined his day. Who would've thought that it will end that way? Wobbling a little with blurry eyes, Mew went to his keyboard. But instead of playing it, Mew just stared at it like it would magically become candy which he can eat in his heart's content. Oh man, a lot of girls, and some boys, are screaming for his name and dying to be with 1him, but why can't he have Tong for himself? Ah, he knew the answer: it's because life sucks. O Staring blankly at the white ceiling of his room, Tong pondered on many things. First is his family. His father finally decided to change for the best. He even forgave his mother from all the June-Tang fiasco and his mother's Tong-Mew intervention. His mother, though still a bit controlling, is trying to accept him of who he is. Juneor Tang whatever. She's gone to Chiangmai for good, and no one knows whether she will return. And then there's Mew He knew he has feelings for Mew but he's still afraid of what his mother would say to him, and how the rest of his friends will react to this. There's Donut and Ying, the girls they forsake just for the sake of another guy. All of these craps swirl around one person that's occupying the 95% of his mind. But something tells him that what he did isn't the right thing. There's a voice at the back of his head nagging him that what he did was bullshit and that he should accepted Mew as his boyfriend! That he should've given Mew that same answer to his question, a kiss! But part of his conscience tells him that what he did is for the best. He's going nuts. Then a crazy idea came to him: Mew should've been a girl so that all of this will be easy. Immediately, a picture of Mew in maid outfit popped in his mind and Tong immediately dispersed the thought. Falling in love with your gay friend is uncomfortable enough, but lusting over the said gay friend is above all weirdness. He, a boy born from a Christian family, shouldn't think of it. They're only friends, just friends and that's for the best. But why is that every time he stares into space, what he sees are the beautiful eyes of the boy he became so fond of? Why is that every time he fell into a silent dream, the melodious voice of that endearing person echoes? Why is that every time he closes his eyes, he can feel the warm and soft lips of Mew? It is official; he's out of his head. O Several days have passed and it's New Year's Eve already. Everyone's excited, hustling stores and houses litter the community but Mew isn't as enthusiastic as they. He's gloomy and bitter and heart-broken. His friend, especially Axe, tried to get him into some partying and celebration. Ying tried to get him out of his house-coffin, but Mew couldn't think of anything but the pain he feels. Praying for any deity up there, Mew wished for the pain to go away, but it seems that all of them are gone for the vacation. So Mew's pleas fall upon unattended offices. This is hopeless So after taking a bath and some breakfast, Mew mustered the energy and went outside for a little walk. Wandering aimlessly, Mew played the song he had written for Tong in his head. He had to admit to himself that forgetting Tong is impossible in any time soon; he's still in love with him and the only thing he can do is to reminisce their moments of love. It is such a pity that his love story didn't take a better route. Holding back the tears (Mew: I'm such a crybaby damnit!), Mew continued to wander around Siam squareunknowing of the presence following him. O Ying is beyond pissed. First she found out that his long-term crush is gay. Well that's over since she accepted it. It's her fault that she didn't listen to what others tell her. But that aside, Mew is still her friend and Ying can't just stand there and do nothing for her friend. Second, she gave up on Mew so that he could be with Tong and live happily ever after, but what happened? The next thing she saw was a blood-shot eyed Mew with a face that spells depression! Oh no, she will not let that happen! So that brings our little heroine (three days before) in front of Tong's house. She pressed the door bell and she was greeted by Tong's mom. \"Hello, can I talk to Tong?\" she said. \"Are you his friend?\" Sunee asked. Ying nodded her yes. \"Okay please come in.\" The two went inside the house, and Sunee left Ying in the sala to fetch Tong. Moments later Tong appeared, looking relatively okay. Fine eyebrow rose when he saw who the visitor is. \"Ying! What bring you here?\" Tong said but he immediately regretted calling the girl's name when a pair of steely eyes fixed him in a death glare. In an instant, Ying leapt out of the couch and grabbed Tong by the arm before dragging him outside. \"Ying what's going on? Where are you bringing me?\" \"Here!\" Ying said before stopping abruptly and letting go of Tong. The poor boy out-balances his self just before Ying kicked him in the shin. \"You bastard what did you do to him?\" \"What?\" He said while clutching his injured leg. Ying growled at this before grasping the collar of his shirt. \"Don't... you play dumb on me Tong. What did you do to Mew?\" Feeling fear for his life, Tong immediately told the angry dragon lady of the whole story. He picked his words correctly because the glare that he's receiving warrants him dozens of bruises and cuts. \"And I said I can't be with you as your boyfriend, but that doesn't mean I don't love you.\" He said. He stopped to assess what will be Ying's reactionand the results are devastating! Seething like a dormant volcano about to erupt, Ying let out a growl before hitting the poor boy. \"You dope! Don't you know that Mew's been all gloomy and sad and depressed because of what you did? You flatly rejected him! I love him but I let go of him because I know he loves you and now you're telling me that you can't love him the way he loves you? How could you?\" Trying his hard to fend off the amazon, Tong let out a whimper of pain when one of Ying's nail cut through his skin. \"Ying please stop, you're hurting me.\" \"That's incomparable to the pain you caused!\" Ying said before giving him a well-placed jab in the face. \"You're a coward! I'm going to tell Mew that you're a coward then I'm going to make him forget you and hook him up with another guy! He will be happy and he will forget you entirely because you're not good enough for him!\" She said before turning around to leave. She was about to leave the compound when Tong called her. \"Ying! Wait!\" He said while nursing his injured cheek. \"Why would you do that? Are you pimping Mew to another guy? What if that guy hurts him? What if that guy breaks his heart?\" \"Well that's because you're a coward! If you only said yes and be his boyfriend he wouldn't have to be sad at all times while playing your song!\" She screeched. Tong was obviously deflated by that. \"For your information, Mew is currently in a pity party. He couldn't get over you but that's going to change because I'm going to make him happy with someone else! Someone who deserves him!\" Angered by the possibility of Mew being taken away, Tong growled back at Ying. \"You're wrong! No one deserves Mew except for \" Tong suddenly stopped. \"Who? Tell me Tong, who's deserving of Mew?\" She said while hopefully waiting for Tong to give him an answer. O Sunee is currently washing the dishes when she heard a growl of frustration outside. She rushed outside the garden only to see the girl hitting Tong with all of her might. She was about to interfere until they both stopped to talk. She listened first, interested as to why they're fighting. \"That's incomparable to the pain you caused!\" \"Ying! Wait! Why would you do that? Are you pimping Mew to another guy? What if that guy hurts him? What if that guy breaks his heart?\" \"You're wrong! No one deserves Mew except for \" Tong suddenly stopped. \"Who? Tell me Tong, who's deserving of Mew?\" She said while hopefully waiting for Tong to give him an answer. \"So, it's Mew.\" She said. She had to admit that she's still uncomfortable about the idea of her son being gay, but as a mother she has to accept her son no matter what. She thought of this thing over and over again, thinking about the accusations of her husband after she deliberately talked to Mew to leave her son alone. She felt like the most villainous mom ever. \"I'm getting old for this.\" Teen angst, something she couldn't take anymore. It would be best if she would just let her son do whatever he wants as long as his son is using his head, and not the other head. O \"Tell me Tong, who deserves Mew?\" Ying asked in a voice full of finality. Tong swallowed thickly, knowing full well that he only have one chance for an answer. Weighing everything in his hands, his cards, and the consequences his decision might bring, he sighed. Great, now he's having a headache. His answer might either open another chance for their love story and incur the discrimination of society, or ensure a more quite life and safely live as friends, knowing that Mew would collide into another guy that Tong couldn't think of good enough for his friend. Oh please! He thought to himself. O \"Oh look it's Mew of August!\" And like a swarm of locust, teenage girls swooned over the boy wonder demanding his autograph and picture. Being a celebrity has its downside. You have to expect something like these every once in a while and you have to tread carefully. But when someone's not in the mood for things like these, like Mew for instance, everything is might as well go down the toilet. \"Sorry, but can you please leave me alone for now? Ineed to clear my mind.\" He said in a very sad tone. Although it sounded rude, the girls did backed off, sensing the depression on their idol's voice. Mew just walked away, still listening to his and Tong's song Gun Lae Gun. \"Is something wrong with Mew?\" one of the girls asked. \"He looked so forlorn.\" \"Yeah, it's like he's heart-broken.\" \"Aww poor Mew. How I wish I was with him right now, but it seems like he wants to be alone for a while.\" Four stores away, Ying dialed rapidly in her cell phone. If she wants this thing to work, she needs reinforcement. \"Hello? Axe it's me Ying. Yeah he's here, prepare the place. I'll make him go there by sunset, you only have 2 hours to prepare.\" \"Ying! We have a problem we don't have a vocalist!\" Axe said in a very apologetic tone. 3, 2, 1and a monstrous \"WHAT!\" echoed throughout the streets, stopping everyone right on the spot. \"Axe that can't be! Do something!\" Ying said with eyes blazing like flaming Hitonamas. \"I know, I know! Jeez, I'll call you back if we have anything.\" He said before hanging the phone. Ying only stared at the phone before following Mew who's still in deep thought. Inside the young girl's head run thousands of ways on how to murder Axe if he failed to come up with a solution. Meanwhile, Tong was looking at some gift shop to buy something for Mew. He already gave him the last part of his gift, but still he thought that might've been less. So here he is, going here and there. \"Hello, can I help you?\" a young boy who's around 13 years old asked. Tong was surprised to see a young lad working in a store. \"You're working here?\" He asked. The boy nodded before pointing at the signboard. \"Yes, it's my father's shop and he's out buying supplies. You need something big brother?\" Tong smiled at the polite young boy before answering. \"I need to buy a gift for a very special person.\" \"Oh! If it's girly stuff we have lots of those. Have a look.\" He said before presenting a wide array of girl accessories and stuffs. \"Oh no, I'm not looking for girl's stuff. He might get angry and throw it in my face.\" He said before smiling in a very embarrassed way. \"Oh, so it's a guy. You're brother or best friend?\" the boy said while thinking where he'd place the boy's stuffs. \"Umwell not really\" honestly, Tong couldn't answer the kid since he's pretty sure that it will solicit a very unpleasant reaction. Buying a gift for a guy is not a daily thing right? And beside he's still young, he wouldn't understand, right? \"Oh! Oh I see!\" Or maybe not \"Um, yeah. That\" Tong said; feeling a little flustered that a boy decoded his words. He expected a dirty look and a jeer from the boy but nothing came. As a matter of fact, the boy is smiling. \"Wow, that's so sweet. Say, how long have you been a couple?\" The seemingly innocent but sudden question stumped Tong right in the spot. As far as he can remember, they weren't really a couple since after that night, his mom interfered. Although they have a mutual understanding, that doesn't count as 'in a relationship'. \"We're not yet a couple.\" He said in a very soft tone. \"What?\" The kid exclaimed. \"That's too bad. So what's the gift for? Are trying to woo him?\" \"Woo?\" Tong said while a blush slowly creeps across his cheeks. \"Uh no It's not like that.\" \"Then why are buying him a gift?\" Feeling that his private life was being interrogated, Tong answered in a very stern voice. \"Hey, why are you asking such question?\" \"Well, I'm helping you out for your gift right? How can I help you if I don't know what's the scenario?\" Makes sense \"Did he freak out when you confessed?\" \"No.\" \"Did you two have a fight?\" \"No.\" \"Did you twohad sex while drunk and then you woke up in the morning both naked?\" \"NNo! You\" \"Luan\" \"Luan. How can you say or even think of things like that?\" \"From reading stories from . You should try reading some stories it hosts. They're really bombastic!\" Luan said in a very energetic tone. \"So none of those scenarios?\" \"None of them.\" \"Man you're one difficult customer mister\" \"Tong.\" \"Mister Tong.\" \"Just call me Tong. Mister makes me look old.\" Sweet peals of laughter came from the youth. Now that he noticed it, Luan is very good looking. With dark eyes that are full of depth and a pair of pinkish lips combined with a healthy tan complexion, cat-like eyes, and a mop of silky black hair, this young boy is going to steal the hearts of many young girls out there. Not to mention the lithe figure he has under his pinks t-shirt and apron. \"Okay let's put it this way. What's the gift for? Are you asking for an apology?\" Luan asked. Tong thought for a while before answering. \"Well, kind of. I'm asking for another chance.\" \"Oh.\" Luan answered. \"That's tricky. You want to ask for a second chance, why?\" Taking a deep breath, Tong pondered as to why he's going through all of this. He thought of what he did is the right thing yet, why's that for the past three nights he keeps on hearing his conscience nagging him that he's a bastard? He thought of this before answering the inquisitive kid. \"II wasn't brave enough. I'm afraid of what others would say if ever we become boyfriends. I'm afraid that my mom will be angry at me. I'm scared of the outcomes. I love him yet when given the chance, I couldn't give him the right answers because I'm afraid.\" Silence ensued, both boys are thinking over what Tong had said. It was Luan who talked first. \"Well, you're right about that. You're a coward if you're going to ask me.\" Feeling offended, Tong countered with an indignant tone. \"Hey who do you think you are to tell me that?\" \"Oh please keep it down big brother.\" Luan said before disappearing at the back of the shop. He stayed there for a moment before emerging again with a small box at hand. \"I feel sorry for the guy you're wooing.\" \"I'm not wooing him!\" Tong said in a defiant tone. \"Sure, sure.\" Luan answered, obviously teasing the older boy. \"I know what you should give him. This is a gift that symbolizes a new start.\" Luan handed the box to Tong who received it cautiously. Tong gave Luan one last doubting look before opening the box. Inside it was a star-shaped key chain the size of the palm. It's pretty with several blue and white dcor on top of the golden star. It's soft to the touch, like a plush toy, and has a caption at the central part. Intrigued, Tong read it out \"I'll keep the oath I made.\" Tong said. He glanced at Luan only to see the other boy smiling vibrantly. \"That's my favorite key chain, Oathkeeper. It's one of the rare finds in Siam and we are the only shop who has it.\" Luan said before coming closer to Tong. He grabbed the toy, inspecting it before he pulled a little cord. A soft melody played from the key chain. \"It's pretty.\" Tong said before looking at the key chain lovingly. \"It is. You can change the melody if you like.\" Luan answered. \"You know, you should follow your heart if you really want to be happy. Face your fears, be brave, and be strong. No matter what others say, as long as you're with the person you love, everything will be okay.\" Tong looked at the young boy and was surprised to see that Luan's expression changed from being childish into a soft and mellow expression. His eyes were glimmering with emotions while his lips were fixed into a soft smile. Everything about him speaks that he's in love, and that even made him more attractive. \"You're saying things like you're already in-love.\" Tong said jokingly. Luan only laughed before surprising the living bejesus out of Tong. \"I've been, with him.\" Luan said before pointing on someone behind Tong. Tong turned to see a boy around his age with a guitar on his back. One look and you can deduce that he's a rock artist, with ear length dark-brown hair swept in one side and a little longer at the back, black sweat-shirt, faded acid-washed jeans and black converse. He smirked arrogantly before speaking in a tuneful voice. \"Hey, are you annoying my cute boyfriend?\" \"Oh don't be like that Yuwe, he's a customer.\" Luan answered. That made Yuwe to widen his smile before approaching his lover. Tong looked surprised to know that he's talking to another gay couple; and an open couple at that! Yuwe dropped his guitar at the side of the counter's table before standing beside his lover and snaking his hand at Luan's waist. \"Tong this is Yuwe, my boyfriend.\" \"Nice to finally meet you.\" Yuwe said before extending his free hand for a handshake. Tong took the hand as a sign of gratitude as well. Yuwe noticed the keychain in his hand and commented. \"Oh, I see you gave him the Oathkeeper.\" He said before pecking the younger boy's forehead. Luan, if possible, smiled wider at the loving gesture. \"Yup, he reminds me of last year when you asked me for another chance. It looks like he's desperate.\" Luan said. Yuwe's eyebrows rose after hearing it and that made Tong a little uncomfortable. He doesn't know why but this Yuwe gives him a very uncomfortable aura like the other boy knows him. And the boy really does look familiar! \"Ah, that explains why you broke up with my sister Donut.\" Hearing that, Tong nearly dropped the key chain while staring at the young boy with surprised eyes. \"You'reDonut's brother?\" \"Younger brother. If I'm correct, you're about 2 years older than me. I'm already 14 going 15.\" He answered. Well that makes Mew and Tong 16 or 17 years old. \"I'msorry about your sister.\" Tong said while feeling guilty of what he did to Donut. To his surprised, Yuwe only shrugged the issue off. \"Nah, don't mention it. It's good that she would stay single for the rest of her life. The witch.\" He said which earned him a slight beating from Luan. The two went on a little tickling battle in front of Tong when his phone rang. \"Hello Ying?\" \"Tong! Where are you? It's already sunset! Did you find anything?\" \"Yeah I have it. What about the band?\" he answered while looking lovingly at the key chain. \"Oh you better hide Axe from me because I'm going to gut him alive!\" Ying growled. Is she aware that her voice is way too loud? \"What's the problem?\" \"They don't a vocalist! If that's the case then you'll sing!\" Me? Sing? \"Ying you got be kidding me. I can't sing!\" \"You don't have any choice! Not unless you know someone who can sing?\" Looking at Yuwe for a while, Tong smiled at the idea he forged. The couple exchanged puzzled looks before Tong answered. \"I think I do.\" O Feeling flustered and tired, Mew stopped by the water break. It is the same place where he and Tong used to spend time together. Looking at the rippling water, Mew let out a sigh as he remembers when they're still little boys. They would play all they long until they're both stinking from sweat. It's just the two of them, nobody else. Then lately, he remembered the time when he and Tong spent time together as teenagers. Their first date in Siam Square, the party, the kiss \"Hey Mew!\" Mew looked back to know who was calling him and was surprised to see Ying full of energy. Right, this girl loved him from the very beginning. It was such a pity that he didn't like girls that way. But if he could only divert his feelingsthen everything would be easier. \"Hi Ying. How you been?\" \"Great unlike someone I know who's wasting away.\" She said before sitting beside him. \"Say why you're so gloomy?\" Mew only let out a small smile before staring at the water again. \"Nothing... It's just that I'm not really in the mood for anything right now.\" \"That's a bull! You should party a little you know?\" Ying said before bringing her phone out: an SMS from Axe? \"Ying! Everything's set. Bring him over.\" Alright. \"Mew forget about that self-pity. Come with me and let's have fun.\" She said before dragging the boy from his place. \"Wait Ying! I'm not in the mood. Where are we going?\" \"To Siam Square.\" Wasting no time, Ying dragged Mew to the place they prepared. From this day on, everything will be set right back on track. Even if she wouldn't have a happy ending, as long as the one she truly loves is happy then she's happy about it too. Besides there are still a lot of boys out there, all she needs to do is to open her eyes and select. She's beautiful, and she's pretty sure that finding a TRUE man wouldn't be a problem for her. O \"They're here!\" At that very moment, Tong's heart seems to be having an aerobic exercise. It's hammering right inside his chest. Looking around him, he couldn't believe that Pingpong's father would support their little party and let them borrow his resto-bar's space. At the stage are the rest of August's members with Yuwe on the lead guitar and vocal. Axe looked excited since they're going to play a new song, a mellow-rock song, composed by their friend from Asia and when they tried Yuwe's voice, it blended perfectly. Luan is at the back, helping himself with a slice of cake. \"Hey Tong would you please sit down? You look like a woman about to deliver her first baby.\" Tong only laughed at the sublime insult and encouragement of Luan. Indeed he's beyond nervous, if his shaking and sweaty hands wouldn't give it away then how about his pale face? \"I'm nervous.\" He said. \"Don't worry, everything will be okay. Count on us.\" Yuwe said before strumming his guitar. \"Yeah! We're the best!\" Axe added. Feeling elated by the support he has, Tong let out a sincere smile before voicing his gratitude. \"Thank you everyone. Wish me luck.\" He said before Ying opened the main door of the resto-bar. O Speechless, that's what happened to Mew after entering the resto-bar. He stepped a little closer and saw his band mates on stage together with an unknown boy as the vocalists. They're smiling at him, specially Axe who looked thrilled to see him here. He scanned the place and his eyes zeroed on the person standing in the middle of the room. \"Good evening everyone. This is Axe, lead guitar of August. Tonight we have a very special number for a very special occasion. We have here Yuwe, our substitute vocalist since our vocalist is busy staring at his soon-to-be boyfriend.\" And everyone laughed at that, particularly Ying and Luan. But not Tong who kept on staring at Mew who's equally surprised. This time it was Yuwe who talked \"The song we're going play is a song about second chances. We do make mistakes\" He said before glancing at Luan's way. The younger boy waved at him before giving him a 1 million Megawatt smile. \"but we're just humans and humans are prone of making mistakes. What is important is that we admit to ourselves that we're wrong and we're willing to make it up.\" He said before signaling the rest of the band. Seeing that everyone's ready, he gave Tong his signal. In return, Tong nodded back. \"Mew, I dedicate this song to you.\" follow this URL ( .com(slash)watch?v=THJF8Tusyy4) and you'll be directed to the song Mew listened to every single words of the song. It started with a melancholic tone which affected him somehow. But when heard the 'I love you' part, and the refrain before the chorus, he nearly lost it. Tears started to gather in his eyes has he comprehend the meaning of the song. On his back, Ying was already tearful. She knew that this will definitely have a happy ending, good thing she took it all in her hands. On stage, the band was in a trance as they convey the meaning of the song. Every beat, every tune, every melody they made plucks an emotional string on everyone's heart. Yuwe's eyes were closed as he sang in a cold yet firm voice. As they near the crescendo of the first chorus, everyone looked at the couple in front of them. Tong didn't know what to do. Suddenly, tears flowed from Mew's eyes. His shoulders shook as he prevents himself from crying. The song was strongly affecting Mew, and even though he's not a man of music, the song affects him as well. Remembering his intentions, Tong approached Mew with the gift in hands. As he steps closer, he never broke eye-contact with Mew as the younger man continued to shed tears. When Tong is finally standing in front of Mew, he wiped the tears from the younger's eyes. \"Please Mew, don't cry.\" Tong cooed but instead of stopping, Mew only continued to cry harder before hugging Tong in a tight embrace. \"I thought you're gone\" Mew said in a broken voice. \"I'm sorry Mew for hurting you.\" Tong apologized while rubbing comforting circle at Mew's back. \"Can you forgive me?\" Trying his hard to stop his sobbing, Mew wiped the tears from his eyes before looking straight in his eyes. \"Do you mean it?\" \"What?\" \"The song. Do you mean it?\" Hearing that the song was the last repeat of the chorus, Tong smiled genuinely before giving his answer. \"I do. I may have been afraid back then but now I'm willing to take the risks. I don't care of others, as long I have you.\" He said before giving Mew the box that contains his gift. \"For me?\" Mew asked and Tong nodded. Mew looked thrilled before ripping the gift wrap and opening the box. He held the key chain and admired its beauty. \"It's beautiful.\" Tong smiled and looked happy that Mew liked his gift. The song ended with an instrumental, giving him the opportunity to show Mew the melody he installed. \"Pull the cord.\" He urged Mew. Mew did so and lo and behold, their song 'Gun Lae Gun' played in piano rendition. They listened to it, admiring the beautiful melody of their song before looking at each other's eyes; one shining with courage love while the other are clouded with relief and heavy emotions. The rest of their spectators watched in happiness. Luan was leaning closer to Yuwe while holding hands. Axe had moved beside Ying to have a better look. Everyone was holding their breathes like they're waiting for something to happen. \"I love you Mew.\" \"I love you Tong.\" And they kissed, unmindful of their friends who, at that time, went on cheering. Luan tackled Yuwe who's clapping his hand. The rest of band was cheering for Mew, while Axe and Ying where cheering the loudest, and due to their elated feeling, they locked themselves in a tight embrace while shouting 'success'. When they went down from their high and noticed that they're limb-locked, they immediately retracted with blushing faces. \"Hey! We saw that!\" Pingpong said. \"It didn't happen!\" Ying shouted back. \"I don't think so.\" Luan said before presenting a video cam. \"We have caught in here, all the juicy second.\" And that made it more embarrassing for the two of them. But that aside, Axe talked to Ying. \"We make a good team.\" He said while smiling at Ying. The heroine smiled back before answering him with an energetic voice. \"You bet!\" she said before a light caught her attention. \"Guys! Look it's already the fireworks display!\" Luan said before dashing outside followed by his boyfriend. They all went outside and watched at the evening sky littered by various lights. Mew and Tong watched side-by-side while holding hands since neither of the two wanted to let go of the other. Seeing this, Ying felt relieved to know that they're going to be happy from now on, but something inside her felt painful, but there's nothing she can do about it. So all she did was to let out a sigh. \"Ying?\" Axe asked. \"What's the problem?\" \"No, it's nothing.\" She lied but the tears gathering in her eyes tell otherwise. \"It's just thatit's nothing really.\" Sensing that the girl needs a little support right now, Axe stepped closer and tried to console the girl. To his surprised Ying hugged him tightly before crying her eyes out. It was then the Axe remembered that Ying had a crush on Mew, and maybe seeing him with Tong is still painful to her. \"Don't worry Ying, you'll find the right man for you.\" He said while rubbing comforting circles at her back. Ying nodded while still crying softly at his shoulder. Not far from them were Mew and Tong who are watching them with smiles on their faces. \"Well, I'm glad that Ying finally met her prince charming.\" Mew said before resting his head to Tong strong shoulder. \"Yeah, and if not for them we wouldn't be here, together.\" He said before draping his arms around Mew like a protective blanket from the evening breeze. \"I'm so happy.\" \"Me too Mew?\" \"Yeah?\" \"I love you.\" \"I love you too.\" They sealed the year with a hug, and welcomed the New Year with a kiss. Finally, Mew wouldn't have to be afraid of living alone for from now on since he has Tong beside him. O Yuwe : And they have to thank Narusuke for that. Luan : Yeah. I hope that TLOS will have a second part, something amazing like this. Yuwe : I agree. And thanks to Hale's song 'Broken Sonnet'! Man even if you're already disbanded, you guys still rocks! If not for you, Axe might've been dead by now! ^_^ Luan : And thanks for reading this fiction. Narusuke would like to apologize for the crappy syntax. He just want blow off some steam after watching Love of Siam. He said that he couldn't sleep after watching the film. Yuwe : Why? Luan : He said that it shouldn't end that way; he said that its ending was so harsh He even had a nightmare because of that. Can you believe it? Yuwe : ooooh, creepy. Luan : Anyway, see you soon! ","Summary":" Give Me One More Chance Sobbing quietly in his room, Mew tried to recollect the pieces of his broke"},{"Movie":"Love of Siam","Title":"Love of Siam  Sequel  Chapter 3","Author":"Musclesgam","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8075418","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter Three: Tong's Dream of Nightmare Tong was glad that he had been waking up this early for the last several months. Waking up this early gave him time to do his work out at the gym and still allowed him to do the everyday thing. Tong went to take a shower and afterwards, as he was drying himself, he was looking at himself in this full-body sized mirror. He could see the bulging muscles on him and he wondered if he should compete in the local bodybuilding contests, as his friends had been relentlessly, teasingly suggested to him to enter such a competition. Tong wondered if he should thank his  ex-lover  instead of having this unpleasant memory of him and the rough time he had afterwards. After that Christmas' eve, Tong had attempted to contact his childhood friend many times. He sent him text messages, called him several times, and even went to the guy's house few times. He had even sat on the lawn chair in front of the guy's house, waited for several hours, yet the guy never came home. Tong wondered if the guy saw him sitting there, decided to go to his friend's place, and stayed there. Tong had given up trying. Still, Tong had a rough time in the following months. Tong had gone into a zombie-like state. He couldn't concentrate on his school work. He couldn't get himself to enjoy the things that he used to. He was as lifeless as a zombie. He could hardly eat as well. Sometimes at night he would wake up with sweats suddenly and he would feel horribly, devastatingly sad. There would be such a tremendous, painful ache that only his  friend from childhood . could soothe it away. Even his friends started to avoid him, not because of Tong's revelation of him being gay, but because no matter what and how often they tried, Tong was just not responding. His friends meant well. They tried to cheer him up, even forced him to go out with them to many festive gatherings, but there was no use. Tong just wasn't in the mood. Gradually, his friends had stayed away. Tong got deeper into his depression, so much so that even his father, who was still battling his own alcoholism problem, had attempted to cheer him up. Tong had become withdrawn even more. Finally, his mom had enough, scrounged up some money and put Tong through a therapy. At first, Tong had resisted, but eventually after countless sessions with the therapist, Tong slowly came out of his gloominess. Tong had even taken up the therapist's suggestion of working out. Tong joined the neighbourhood gym. At first, he was intimidated by the long time members, but gradually, Tong became somewhat of a bodybuilder. He was quite adaptable in pushing those big heavy weights. Or that he had so much energy that he had no trouble in doing multiple sets of incredibly heavy weight exercises. Even the personal trainers around the gym were quite impressed with Tong's muscle growth. From time to time they would ask if he was taking steroids. Even Tong's mom and the therapist were concerned about Tong's dramatic increase of muscle growth. The therapist had suggested to Tong's mom that she should take Tong to a doctor and test for steroid use. Of course, the result came back negative. Tong simply had an incredible amount of emotional stress that he wanted to relieve. And by pushing those heavy weights often, Tong was able to balance his mentality. Tong found working out with weights unbelievably therapeutic. So here he was on this early morning looking at himself, and feeling his massive, bulky, muscular body. Adding that to his cute, handsome face, Tong wondered if he could win the bodybuilding contest with ease. After several more moments, Tong got into his riding clothes and packed his gym gear. As he was about to ride out with his recently-bought 21 speed bicycle, his mom quickly came out and yelled, \"Don't forget to pick up the package from the postal office!\" Tong shouted back, \"Don't worry. I'll get it on the way back.\" Apparently, a mailman came by to deliver a package on the previous day, but because no one was at home, the mailman left a delivery notice. Tong's mom was working at the university and Tong's father was on a business trip. As Tong riding toward the gym, Tong felt like he's on top of the world. His grade had dramatically improved - So much so that his school was considering him to be the next valedictorian. He was also more socially active. He and his friends were doing things, eating out, seeing movies, playing various sports. Then Tong thought about his one time lover. Even the mentioning of his name gave Tong such a strong, emotional surge that he wouldn't dare to say his name - even after all this time. \"NO! I can not think about him. I am not going to put myself down again. I will not!\" Tong shouted as he stopped himself on the side street. Tong put on his earphone and turned on his MP3 player. Natasha Bedingfield's Stonebridge radio remix Pocketful of Sunshine came blaring through. I got a pocket, got a pocketful of sunshine. I got a love, and I know that it's all mine. Do what you want, but you're never gonna break me. Sticks and stones are never gonna shake me. No . Take me away: A secret place. A sweet escape: Take me away. Take me away to better days. Take me away: A higher place  The sun is on my side. Take me for a ride. I smile up to the sky. Tong no longer listened to the local stations. Nowadays, he listened to the English station where his ex lover's music would not be played. Apparently, the August band had become more famous and Tong's friends were saying that the songs were quite catchy, introspective and soulful. Tong would have none of that. He didn't want anything to remind him of his  lost love. Tong finally arrived at the gym, entered the front lobby, and greeted the personal trainer behind the counter. \"Want me to spot you today?\" \"Nahhthat's okay. But wanna go for a coffee afterwards?\" Tong responded. \"Sure! I'll be off in a couple of hours anyhow.\" Tong then headed straight to the changing room. Tong had resolved that though he was still not ready to fall in love again, it really didn't mean that he couldn't become friends with potentials. Tong got to his locker, quickly changed into his gym gear, and headed toward the weights area. He went directly to the bench press. He proceeded to put four 45 lbs weights on to each side of the bar. Just as he was about to push the bar from its sockets, he heard his cell phone rang. He put the bar back and answered his cell: \"Hello?\" \"Hello? Is this Tong? Am I speaking to Tong?\" \"Tong here. Who is this?\" \"This is Ying. I've been trying to contact you for the last two days. Called your home all day yesterday and finally this morning, your mom answered. She then gave me your cell. At first, she wasn't going to give your cell to me, but after a lot of convincing, she finally relented.\" \"ErrI see. What can I do for you?\" \"Mew got into a horrible accident early yesterday morning and he wanted to see you.\" \"UmmmI don't think that's a good idea. I have moved on and I am really not ready to see him.\" \"How can you say that? After all the songs he had written especially for you, begging you to see him again? Haven't you heard his songs?\" Tong had taken aback. \"My childhood love wrote more songs for me? He was begging me to come back?\" Tong whispered to himself. How could this be? \"Hello? Tong? Hello? Are you still there?\" Tong hesitated. \"I am still here, but I don't understand. After the Christmas night, I had called him. I even went to his house. I did not receive any of his responses.\" \"I don't know what had happened. All I know is that few days afterwards, he had an emotional breakdown. He was hospitalized for a couple of weeks. He had gotten better just few months ago. He did attempt to call you, but by that time, I guess your number has changed, so he wrote songs to ask you to see him again.\" \"Idon't know\" \"Tong, you need to come to the hospital now. The doctor had said he might not make it.\" Against all the things he was taught and painfully learned, he told Ying that he will be at the hospital. Ying had given Tong the address information and she would meet him in the emergency's waiting area. Tong quickly gathered his stuff from the changing room and headed out. \"What about our coffee, Tong?\" The personal trainer came after Tong. \"Len, I have to go. My friend is in the hospital.\" \"Okay. Next time then.\" Once Tong got outside, Tong waved down a taxi. As the taxi drove toward the hospital, Tong began to form many questions. One outstanding question that he had was, \"How do we get to this stage?\" Tong met up with Ying in the Emergency's waiting area. \"What happened?\" \"Some witnesses were saying that Mew had walked into the busy traffic.\" Ying took Tong to Mew's room. On the way, he saw Mew's band mates. Some of them were wet with tears. Ying knocked on the door to Mew's room and Mew's mother came to answer. Ying said few things to her. The mother replied that she and her husband were about to go out for a quick dinner. After the parents left, Ying and Tong went into the room. Ying went up to Mew, patted Mew's arm gently and whispered, \"Mew, Tong is here to see you.\" Tong went up to Mew's bed. Mew slowly opened his eyes and saw Tong, then smiled, \"TongI amsohappyto see you.\" Tong saw that angelic smile and almost immediately, Tong melt. All the love that Tong had for Mew had returned with a full, incredible force. Tong felt as if nothing had changed. He was still deeply, profoundly in love with Mew. \"And I to you, Mew. What happened?\" \"TongI am  very much in  love  with you. I don't know if I could  live  without you. I guess  I was thinking  of you  so much that  I didn't  realize I  was walking into  the traffic.\" \"Mew, you could have called or  \" Tong's tears started to form. By this time, Tong was holding Mew's hands and leaning on Mew's side. His face was very much close to Mew's. \"TongI am  just glad  that you are here\" \"Mew, Mew, I thought you didn't care. I thought you no longer love me\" \"TongI could  never do that  Believe me  or not  you are always  my love  my only love.\" \"Mew, Mew\" Tong was sobbing now. \"Don'tcryTong. I want you  to be happyWhen I getwell...we cando things\" \"Mew, we willwhen you get better, we'll do things.\" Mew smiled and Tong felt as if they were back in their childhood again, Mew and his angelic smile. So soothing, so bright, so endearing Tong felt Mew's hand looseningand Tong then looked at Mew's face more closely. Mew's eyes were closed. And he realized that  Mew was gone. Tong cried outloud, \"Noooo! No! Mew, you can't leave me! Not again!\" \"Noooo! Nooo! Nooo!\" \"Wake up! Tong! Wake up, son!\" \"Whaat happened, mom?\" Tong woke up suddenly. \"You were screaming, crying in your sleep. I came in and you were thrashing about.\" Tong was sweating and was rubbing his eyes, \"What's today's date?\" \"December 25. Merry Christmas, son.\" ","Summary":" Chapter Three: Tong's Dream of Nightmare Tong was glad that he had been waking up this early for th"},{"Movie":"Love of Siam","Title":"Love Of Siam Sequel Chapter One","Author":"Musclesgam","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6808933","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ''I hereby pronounce you husband and husband.\" All Mew's friends from the band erupted with cheers and even his parents and siblings were smiling. Then Mew saw Tong's parents fidgeting, but they were smiling. Mew then focused his attention on Tong, his newly married partner. Tong was smiling, moved closer and planted the biggest kiss on Mew's lips. At this moment in time, Mew was the happiest guy in the world. Mew let out a relief. After all the sadness and turbulences, he and Tong were finally together - for better and for worst! Mew could feel Tong's happy tears and the tightest embrace he had ever felt from Tong. Mew relaxingly closed his eyes, enjoying this wondrous embrace, and thought to himself: \"I don't want this to end! I love Tong and I want this moment to last forever...\" After several moments, Mew attempted to open his eyes. He could barely, vaguely see his surroundings. There was something in his eyes that prevented him from seeing, but he could tell that he was back in his old bedroom, all alone. He slowly, gradually remembered. Last night, Tong had come by Siam Square and seen his performance. How happy he was! For the past several days, Mew had attempted to forget Tong. He even walked away when he saw Tong coming toward him at Siam Square. If Tong had come after him at that moment, he would have let down his defenses and forget what Auntie had said and pleaded. He would have thrown caution to the wind and hugged Tong as tightly as he could. He would never let Tong go. Mew wiped away the dry crusts from his eyes. He had cried himself to sleep last night. Mew remembered painfully how disappointed he was when he saw that Tong and Ying no longer were standing, cheering at the stairwell. Mew had wondered if it was just his imagination in seeing Tong there. How he wanted to see Tong that night! On his first public performance, especially on Christmas' Eve, he wanted his childhood love there. He wanted Tong there so much that it hurt! After the performance had ended and seeing Tong no where to be found, Mew grudgingly walked away with his group. He was still downcast when he first heard Tong's familiar masculine voice, calling out for him. \"What did 'I can't be your boyfriend, but that doesn't mean I don't love you' mean?\" \"And why did Tong say it in such finality that he would never see me again?\" Mew contemplated about that. Tong had made Mew's life whole again by being back in his life and sharing this intimate love. \"Oh, Tong, you have given me so much by showing me what love is like!\" Mew yelled in his mind. \"Why?\" Mew's cell phone then began to vibrate. Mew groggily reached over to his night table, grabbed the cell phone and looked at the front display. It was a text message from his band mate Aex: \"Merry Christmas! Don't forget to come by today to pick up the materials from last night. What are you doing today by the way?\" Mew laid back with a thump and decided that he would stay in bed all day long. But there was no use. He knew himself too well. He would cry again. He needed to be with his friends. He needed to stop thinking about Tong. He hesitantly got out of his bed. Slowly, he pushed himself and moved toward the bathroom. About halfway to the bathroom, he heard the cell phone rocking back and forth again. \"I'll get that after I wash up,\" Mew casually thought. After cleaning himself, Mew got dressed. Ate his breakfast. Then as he got ready to go out, Mew realized that he didn't have his cell phone. Mew looked at the bus schedule and he figured that he only had five minutes to get to the bus stop. Mew quickly went upstairs and grabbed his cell phone. Then he saw the text message. He couldn't believe it. It was too incredible. \"Merry Christmas, Mew. Have been thinking of you all night long. Can we talk?\" ","Summary":" ''I hereby pronounce you husband and husband.\" All Mew's friends from the band erupted with cheers"},{"Movie":"Love of Siam","Title":"Through Heaven and Hell","Author":"Mini.Naura","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4760762","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do notnown Love of Siam. Dedication: This isndedicated to ceeji16 for being the first to write a Love of Siamnfanfic and inspiring me to write this. Hopefully this will get me outnof my writer's block. Yay! I'm the secondnone to write a fanfic for Love of Siam but I hope there'll benMANY others. Summary: Does happinessnhappen at the risk of heaven and hell? With Heaven and Earth againstnthem, will Mew and Tong ever end up together or will their lives endnwith regret? Traditions, loyalty, family, love, faith; what comesnfirst? Prologue Mew watched Tong walknaway that night with a heavy heart, but while his heart was weighedndown with chains, his mind seemed unburdened. By allowing Tong tonwalk away without any regrets , Mew reasoned to himself, wenwill both be free to live life to its fullest: without any guilt.nNow, Mew thought as he, too, walked away, the snowman's nosenclutched tightly in his hand, if only I can convince my heart thatnthis is for the best. When henreturned home, Mew placed the snowman's nose back to where itnrightfully belonged. He picked up the snowman, walking over to thenwindowsill to put it now. Like the nose, which was once apart ofnanother set but is now part of a different set, he realized with anfeint smile, he was once a part of Tong, but now he will one day benapart of another. Mew set down the snowman, which represents so muchnmore now than ever before, and went to sleep. A lone tear glimmerednin the moonlight shining in from an open window. The snowman's smilennever wavered. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do notnown Love of Siam. Dedication: This isndedicated to ceeji16 for being the first"},{"Movie":"Love of Siam","Title":"Life Comes Along","Author":"FalseReflections","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5437771","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Fic inspired by Ling Kai's \"Larkin Step\". Check her stuff out at you tube. You won't regret it. Lyrics are in italics. They are the creation and property of Ling Kai. Characters do not belong to me either. Life Comes Along Go he turned and walked away I couldn't think of what to say..... Mew was sitting on the bed, smiling sadly at Tong's Christmas gift. If only he was as complete. The events of the night had seemed like a blur. The concert. Tong. The performance. Tong. Walking offstage with his bandmates. Tong... The it was dinner. A celebration that Mew could make neither heads nor tails of. They were laughing and joking and Mew felt as if he was watching it all from the sides. Himself, smiling and laughing. Commenting about the food they were having. About the applause they received. They had talked about Mew's present from Tong. He had been teased and winked at. He had laughed with them, teased them back. Now that he was home, he wished for the laughter again. For the teasing, the sly, knowing looks. Anything but the silence. Because silence is empty and emptiness is a void that is waiting to be filled. And his heart was filled to the brim with emotion. With roaring, crushing emotion. But it doesn't matter. None of it matters. He no longer felt lonely. Because, for the first time in his life, he knew what it was to love and be loved. And because as long as a person loves, there is always hope. Hope for a better future, hope for a new beginning. Hope to live. Hope to love again. And he will never forget that. \"Thank you,\" he whispered, smiling as tears blurred the world around him. Life comes along and it trickles down the cheeks of every beautiful boy.... How was it? I was going for something short and poignant. Cuz it's midnight and i want to sleep soon. REVIEW!! ","Summary":" Fic inspired by Ling Kai's \"Larkin Step\". Check her stuff out at you tube. You won't regret it. L"},{"Movie":"Love of Siam","Title":"Hiraeth","Author":"kriegspiel","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5297789","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The pillow felt good against his cheek. He couldn't bring himself to sleep, and during the wee hours before dawn there he was, staring at the serene expression of the boy in his arms, gently playing his fingers through the tangles of the hair messed on his shoulder. He wanted to brush the bangs away from the forehead of his friend, to touch him tenderly, to caress his temples. They spent the night talking about the long days of childhood summers without each other in their lives, their loss and loneliness, what had happened to you I wish you'd been fine I love you . He wished Mew had been fine, or he himself had been fine at least. He would like to reach the other's heart, hankered for the strength to pull him out of the desperate darkness. It was Mew who hauled him out when they all realized that Tang would never go home. In vain, to no avail. But the stubborn, lonely young pianist tried, so why couldn't he? Because he was there too that he could not muster his strength, if he ever had. How could he help someone out of the shadows when he sank deeper as every day passed into the unfathomable void of tedium? The thought frightened him, but he couldn't imagine Mew trapped in an atrocious world laced with tales of sadness and seasoned with the taste of dark fear. He would not see him like that, would take him away, would not let him be. No way. Staring at Mew, he found the closed lids, the faintly wet lashes. He wondered what dreams Mew were having, or what memories were coming back, or what fears for the future were giving him nightmares. He knew Mew could be very fragile but could for sure take care of himself, living in tranquility within the noise of the world they felt to be isolated from. He didn't particularly think of Mew during the years they were apart, but that didn't mean he didn't think of him at all. Meeting again, however, made him look back to the past, reminded him of his lost sister, of how his dysfunctional family life began, and of the bittersweet memories of those days, of a friend he didn't know was the best thing that ever happened in his life. He couldn't stop thinking about Mew now, especially upon realizing that he was the only person he certainly wanted to hangout with. He had other friends of course, but they mostly drank during Fridays and smoked cigarettes, bummed around the plaza and chattered about romances with girlsabove all, about his relationship with Donut. He was fine with those things, although girls didn't seem to interest him much and he couldn't see the logic to narrate Donut's impetuous whining. But Mew was different. Mew didn't give a damn about the troublesome romances or his despotic mother or his *unnatural* sexual preference. And Mew knew about the strife circumstances brought that had been smashing his family for years, the emotional turmoil that was distressing him. In a sudden twitch of heart, his thoughts shifted to the what-ifs that were most likely going to send his mother in scorn and scrutiny: What if it was Mew he was sitting with instead beside the glass walls of the caf after school, talking to the phone every night about anything that came to mind, taking on a date at Siam Square on Christmas Day. He looked up at the thoughts he imagined to appear like a balloon above his head. His lips curled to a smile and he chuckled silently at himself, shooed away the balloon when Mew drowsily grazed his head on his chest. He looked down and realized that he only went deeper into his slumber, found a comfortable position in his embrace. He felt his heartbeat go slightly faster, but he managed to wane out the tense. Slowly, he circled his arms around Mew and pulled him in a firm hug, ran his fingers through the hair of his friend, his other hand loosely holding the other's waist, sometimes caressing through the back. His cheek was pressed against the softness of the pillow, his lips brushing against the mess of the bangs, their legs entangled together. Hugging male friends would make him feel like a fag, but with Mew, intimacy never mattered. He dozed in their soporific position for a while, and woke up at the first sign of morning light. He thought of checking the time, and realized that his mother surely had been panicking with paranoia. Glancing at Mew, he decided to pull out from the hug without waking him. He wished Mew would walk him to the front door, bid him take care with a hand waving good-bye and lips curling into an adorable smile. With the other boy's current state, though, he'd rather wait for another time than break the hush of the gentle slumber. He caught himself staring at the incomplete wooden Christmas toy he bought Mew as a souvenir from Chiangmai a few years ago before writing a note on a post-it memo he found on the computer desk. You were sound asleep in my arms. I tried not to wake you. He thought of saying a few things but found it inappropriate and doubted if he ever had words. The night before they spoke of loneliness and resentments, of the monotonous tone of their lives, of a darkness devouring the potential colors of their youth. But they were young still, had found each other and had all the time in the world to make up for what was lost. Exhilarations must replace their forebodings, and that should last forever. He posted the note on the bed post near the desk and watched his sleeping friend for a moment. Confused but holding on. Anguished but caring. Without hesitation, he meekly gave Mew a kiss on the forehead, rolled the curtains free from the ties, walked out of the room and closed the door without breaking the comforting silence of understanding. ","Summary":" The pillow felt good against his cheek. He couldn't bring himself to sleep, and during the wee hour"},{"Movie":"Bedknobs and Broomsticks","Title":"Filigree Apogee Pedigree Perigee","Author":"LavernaG","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13194461","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Just a little while ago I saw \"Bedknobs and Broomstick\" for the first time; and I completely fell in love with the movie, Angela, and all the wonderful characters! Old Disney movies are the best! I don't think I'll ever get over these innocent, lovely romance stories that Disney has provided us with... Ahem!...MaryPoppins&Bert...Ahem;!...Eglantine&Emelius...Ahem;! I absolutely adore the movie, but I just can't believe Miss Price would never use magic again after her notes were destroyed. (Besides the traveling spell, of course.) She was the perfect, most adorable apprentice witch in the world! So let's just pretend that the Germans' bomb failed to be activated. Let's try anyway. And then we might find this little new storyline of mine logical. And besides! In the \"Don't let me down\" song, Miss Price clearly sings, \"I have always had a bit of a nack for witchcraft. Common spells and simple charms came naturally.\" Ever since Emelius was first turned into a rabbit, I thought I could use that. And when he later jumped into Eglantine's lap, my fragile little heart just couldn't bear this sweetness any more! So this story happened. I hope you enjoy, and please leave me a review if you do! :) \"I told you I could do that spell, too!\" Emelius Browne laughed, hanging up his apron and looking down at the fluffy white rabbit on the floor. It looked extremely angry as it hopped around the floor for a moment or two, and then came to a stop to stare up at the man. Its ear twitched. \"Oh, come on now! I warned you.\" The staring conteston the man's part amused, but on the rabbit's furiouscontinued for about half a minute, until a few orange sparks appeared and shimmered around the rabbit. It started to grow quickly, its long ears growing smaller and the fluffy white fur turning into a lovely lavernder cardigan and a rose house dress. The woman that now stood before Emelius Browne to him was the most beautiful, the most wonderful person in the whole wide world. Of course, she did look prettier when she was not frowning at him. In her big blue eyes Emelius could see a mixture of disappointment, annoyance and resentment. He immediately concealed his smile. \"That was disgraceful of you!\" Eglantine huffed, furrowing her brow even further. \"And totally uncalled for.\" She proceeded to brush off some dust from her clothes, still glaring at the man in front of her. Emelius was, in fact, attempting to give her an apologetic and at the same time amusing smile. He so loved making people happy. But Eglantine Browne was not about to change her mind so quickly. \"I ought to teach you a lesson,\" she threatened the man, searching her pockets with her hands. \"I'll just need to get my notebook.\" As she moved to swiftly pass him, Emelius reached out and gently took Eglantine by the waist, thereby trapping the woman in his arms. He pulled his wife closer to himself, although her hands had already made their way to his chest in order to push him away. \"Stop that, Emelius! I really am so very angry with you,\" Eglantine protested weakly as Emelius caressed her back with his hands, sending an already familiar excited shiver up her spine. \"Oh no, you're not,\" Emelius smiled and placed a tender, little kiss on the tip of her nose. \"Not really.\" Eglantine felt herself melt at his ever so loving touch and at hearing his warm, kind voice. She sighed with delight and offered her husband a small smile in return. \"No, you're right,\" she said quietly, wrapping her arms around Emelius's shoulders. \"I can never really be angry with you. You're just too good.\"[Chapter 2] Eglantine watched with an amused chuckle as the white rabbit in front of her turned back into her husband. She loved the way his nose twitched when he did. She couldn't help sometimes thinking that even in his human form he looked a little bit like a rabbit. Her very own, sweet little rabbit to cuddle with. Eglantine watched fondly as Emelius got up from the floor and tugged at his coat. It had become a friendly habitusing the spell. Whenever they felt like the other was annoying them or simply needed a few hops to calm themselves, they turned the other into a rabbit. Neither of them minded any more. It was much too fun to mind. However, they didn't do it in front of the children. The last thing Eglantine needed was three children going about practising spells. They had the bedknob and that was enough for them. \"I'm sorry, my dear,\" Emelius said with a warm smile, crossing the living room and heading for his wife in the doorway, \"but I don't seem to remember what I did wrong.\" He stopped a few feet from Eglantine, suprised at her widened eyes. \"Don't you?\" she asked disbelievingly, crossing her arms over her chest. \"No, I haven't the foggiest,\" Emelius replied innocently. He didn't really like it when Eglantine crossed her armsthat way she sort of sealed herself away. And by that Emelius was painfully reminded of how self-dependent she had been when he'd first met her. That had been during the war, a few years ago now. They had both come such a long way from what they had been before. Eglantine frowned half-heartedly. \"You scared Cosmic Creepers,\" she stated bluntly. \"I scared him?\" Emelius asked incredulously. He pointed accusingly at the cat resting peacefully on one of the armchairs. \"You should have seen what he did to me! I've never run so fast in my whole life,\" he declared theatrically, and then stepped over to his wife. \"My heart is still racing. Here, you can feel it.\" He gently took Eglantine's right hand, untwisting it from its former position, and placed it on his chest above his heart. Eglantine kept her eyes nailed to her hand for a moment, and her lips curved into a small, peaceful smile. The slow and calm beat of her husband's heart was ever so comforting. Eventually, she looked up, and found the most charming, loving expression on Emelius's face. And every little ounce of irritation she had felt earlier was wiped from her mind. \"Well, I-\" she uttered quietly, \"I'm sorry, Emelius.\" She slid her hands over to her husband's shoulders as she'd grown accustomed to doing. But just when Emelius was returning the affectionate gesture, a loud and piercing meow sounded from the armchair. Eglantine tore her eyes away from her husband's to turn her head and order, \"Out you go, Cosmic!\"[Chapter 3] The alluring smells that had filled the house lured the apprentice witch out of her workroom and into the kitchen where her husband was busy in front of the stove, preparing their family's lunch. Eglantine hovered in the doorway for a minute and watched blissfully as Emelius swung from one foot to the other and whistled a happy tune. Eglantine had never been much of a cook herself, and this ability in her husband made her even happier about the way things had turned out for them. It took quite a while for Emelius to realize his wife was watching him, but once he had, he turned and offered the little lady a slice of apple he'd been planning to fry. He knew these green apples were his wife's favourites, and they reminded Emelius of his first evening here. He'd often practised juggling with apples after that but been careful to keep out of Cosmic Creeper's way. As for fried apples, they always reminded Emelius of his childhoodback when he had been very little, his mother had served them to him as if they were a majestic meal. Once, he'd even gotten to try them with a little cinnamon. He was secretly hoping that their childrenas they'd grown accustomed to calling themwould one day also associate this taste with their childhood. Eglantine accepted her husband's offering gladly and made her way into the kitchen. To her great surprise, she couldn't find any other place to sit than right on top of the table. \"Where are all the chairs?\" left her lips before her curiosity about the upcoming meal could reveal itself. Emelius turned back to his frying pan and answered without any concern, \"The children are building a barricade.\" He registered the confusion in his wife's silent gasp, even though she was sitting completely out of his view. \"What ever for?\" Emelius chuckled. He sometimes wondered how Eglantine had managed to live all these lonely years without even a bit of childish fun and games. Even when he'd been alone, Emelius had always found a way to turn his miserable life into a game. \"They probably met Cosmic Creepers,\" he replied with a foxy smirk that his wife couldn't possibly have seen. \"Emelius!\" There was a familiar reproachful tone in that word, and Emelius was once again reminded of how different his and Eglantine's cat's positions were in this house. He chuckled good-willingly, and adding apples to the shrinking portion in the pan, he said, \"It's a game, Eglantine, my dear. I used to pretend I was a wizard when I was a child. I had an old pencil for a magic wand, and every once in a while it got smaller and smaller, until one day I didn't have a wand any more, and I realized I had grown up, too. Charlie is playing a colonel, Paul is a lieutenant-colonel, and I believe Carrie is a survived captain from the Royal Navy. I do believe children's games alter, depending on the time they're living in.\" \"Oh, Emilius,\" Eglantine cut in carefully as soon as it seemed Emelius had finished for the moment, \"do you think it will have a large impact on their lives?\" She had been listening attentively, only once or twice having been distracted by the scrumptious scent arising from the pan. She could very well imagine Emelius as a wizard, for she herself had told her husband how she'd, in her childhood, liked to play pranks on her father with the simplest of spells. \"The war?\" Emelius asked over his shoulder unconcernedly and reieved a nod from his wife, who by innocent unintention looked extremely adorable sitting on the table in her sage house dress and blue sweater. \"No, I don't. If anything it will make them value life and family to a greater extent than they would otherwise.\" He was contented when his wife didn't question him furtherthat meant she was actually thinking about his words. There was a comfortable silence then, disturbed only by the frizzling from the frying pan and the few cheerful exclamations from the living room. \"On guard!\" \"Mayday-mayday! The Germans are attacking!\" Emelius had a pleased smile on his lips, put there by the thought of his family enjoying the meal. Compared to his life before he'd met Eglantine and the Rawlins children, this responsibility was like a fresh spring breeze after the long and lonesome winter, which his life had been. Suddenly, without any forewarning, a sweet voice spoke into Emelius's ear, \"It smells heavenly. Can I taste it?\" Emelius jumped and raised his wooden spatula as a sword against his wife. \"On guard!\" he exclaimed just like Paul had only moments ago. \"I will protect this treasure until my last breath.\" And he took a theatrical position with one of his hands reached out in front of him with his weapon, and the other one raised high above his head. Eglantine simply laughed at his childish game. \"But just a little,\" she begged with a tone of pretend doleful pleading, peeking into the frying pan. \"No, my fair damsel,\" Emelius replied firmly, but he was sure his wife could detect the playful smirk in his tone, \"not a bite lest you burn yourself.\" But as the peckish apprentice witch refused to leave the stove, he was obligated to resort to more desperate measures. He set down the spatula. His name left Eglantine's lips in a startled shriek as Emelius wrapped his arms around his wife's abdomen from behind and lifted her off the floor decisively. Emelius turned and set the protesting woman down farther away from the stove and his eatable treasure. His uneatable treasure, however, was not too amused by his trick. She turned to face her husband and raised a significant finger. \"I ought to-to-to turn you into a rabbit for that,\" Eglantine warned him, although Emelius could both see it in her flushed face and hear it in her voice that she was not really as annoyed as she was desperately trying to look. She had that rare expression on her face, which meant she was trying to look awfully serious in an actually rather delightful situation. Those moments had become rarer lately as Eglantine had been turned into quite the softie by a certain trio of rambunctious children and an oldish man she had decided to share her life with. \"Not if I'm quicker.\"[Chapter 4] Eglantine was lying in bed already when her husband finally entered the bedroom. She had been staring at the ceiling, trying to recall the words of the spell she'd been working on this afternoon. She had been absently turning the golden band on her left ring finger and ultimately failing in her ponders. She propped herself up on her elbows when she heard the sound of the door opening and closing again. \"Where were you?\" she asked as the seemingly exhausted Emelius sat on his side of the bed and slipped off his slippers. \"I was getting worried.\" \"Were you?\" Emelius asked tiredly, and it seemed to his wife that he had not really been listening to her. He carried an air of sombre fatigue with him and he looked a lot older than when he'd left for the bathroom, as if Eglantine had been lying here for a decade at least. \"What happened?\" she asked with alert timidness in her tone. A lurking dread had made its way into her heart, for Emelius was way too quiet. Emelius looked up now, as if he'd just realized Eglantine was there, and managed a little smile. \"Nothing, my dear,\" he said quietly, reaching out and patting his wife's hand gently. \"Carrie had a nightmare.\" He spoke as if he'd been the one to suffer the bad dream himself and not one of their children. But then, he had grown deeply caring towards thema stranger would never have thought the three children had been adopted. Just as Eglantine was about to ask what the girl had been dreaming about, Emelius shook his head wearily and answered her unasked question, \"It doesn't matter. She's asleep now.\" He took a moment to heave a heavy sigh. \"And, quite frankly, I'm dead tired,\" he added, and it really looked as if he wasn't even up to pulling his legs up to lie back on the mattress. In addition to her great compassion for the man for having to deal with a teenage girl's bad dreams, there was a certain pride and happiness Eglantine felt in her heart, for no matter how late they would sometimes get to bed or how many troubles solve during the day, this beat lonesomeness by far. She leaned over to her husband's ear and whispered, \"Oh, I know what you need.\" And she muttered the incantation with sweet sensuality in her tone. Before her husband had a chance to react, Eglantine picked up the freshly appeared white rabbit and brought it with her as she lowered herself comfortably back under the covers. She pulled the rabbit close to her chest, careful not to hurt the little thing, and placed a tender kiss at the top of his head. \"Nothing like a nice cuddle,\" she muttered against its soft fur. A couple of minutes later, by which time both occupants of the bed had already fallen asleep, the rabbit turned back into the original man. His arms were wrapped safely around his wife, her head nestled comfortably against his shoulder. And they rested with peace and happiness in their hearts, knowing that no harm or bad dreams could come to either of them as long as they had each other to hold. ","Summary":" Just a little while ago I saw \"Bedknobs and Broomstick\" for the first time; and I completely fell"},{"Movie":"Bedknobs and Broomsticks","Title":"A Christmas Miracle in Pepperinge Eye","Author":"ASianSuccessor2012","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8823287","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Summary: It's Christmas Time 1942 in Pepperinge Eye and it's Charlie, Carrie and Paul's first Christmas with Miss Price and the entire neighborhood! Almost everyone wishes for Christmas presents underneath the tree but the children secretly wish for a certain special someone to come home to stay for Christmas. Will there be a Christmas miracle for Pepperinge Eye even in times of war? (Mostly Miss Price/Mr. Browne) A/N: Hi everyone! ASianSuccessor2012-Disney Fan here! So this is my 2nd Bedknobs and Broomsticks fanfiction next to \"Her Man and Her Family,\" (if you read it, I hope you enjoyed it. If you didn't read it yet, PLEASE do! And don't forget to review!) AND my very first Multichapter fanfiction on this page! My Christmas Break just started and in the light of the season, I decided to do a little B&B; fanfiction for Christmas since I love the characters! Mostly Miss Price/Mr. Browne and a lot of fluff, I hope you enjoy it. Please don't forget to review! Review are much appreciated but no flames please! You can just say stuff on how I can improve. So, here's the story! Enjoy, and Merry Christmas! ~ASianSuccessor2012-DisneyFan P.S. The Italics in the dialogues are for the frequent flashbacks around the story. And sometime in this chapter, Miss Price is a little bit OOC during the flashbacks. Chapter 1: Miss Price's Anticipation It was December the 15th, 1942 in the neighborhood of Pepperinge Eye. Needless to say, ten more days until Christmas day! Pepperinge Eye, the usually calm and collected neighborhood by the seaside of England was not as it used to be. The streets were busy and bustling with so many people around the neighborhood, shopping for gifts, decorations and Holiday apparel for their homes because of the Holiday rush of ten days more until they would celebrate. The streets were all lighted up with Christmas lights regardless of day or night. The Christmas Spirit filled the air with Christmas Carols being sung by a choir all dressed in green, red and white. Upper Class people began conversing with Middle and Lower Class people, which was not very likely to happen unless it was Christmas, wishing them a Happy Holidays, peace and goodwill for their lives. Of course, war was still at hand. Two years of long and hard battles passed and even now, the soldiers who have left England still haven't returned for the Holidays back to their friends and families. For those past years, they spent their last two Christmas back at their military camps for a short-lived celebration, then returning to their duties to fight off the Nazis in the battlegrounds. For some of these soldiers,sadly, it may have been their very last. Nonetheless, some of them looked at the brighter side of the situation and made the most of their \"so-called\" celebration in the snowy battlefields with guns and swords instead of mistletoe and holly. Many people back in England who knew these soldiers as fathers, brothers, uncles and even as best friends and colleagues missed them terribly for two years and never forgot to stop and think about them each and every passing day, and especially on Christmas time. Even so in the Holidays, while some men were called upon to leave the country for war, a few women still worked long and hard, building war planes for the aces who would fly away and fight for their country even on Christmas time. As a matter of fact, one of these women working on airplanes were none other than Miss Eglantine Price. Miss Price decided to put a little hiatus to her magic and willingly contributed to the soldiers at war like a regular civilian, even in the Christmas Season. Every time she worked on those military planes with other young and older women, she never forgot to stop and think about the one soldier who remained close to her heart after all these years...Emelius Browne. Day and night, she would go about her own business, although in her quiet moments working on planes, she thought about him. His charm, his kindness and the friendship that they both made in a matter of time stayed in her mind but it never lingered longer rather than during the Christmas Holidays. It was clear to see that she indeed missed him very much and two years seemed like forever...eternity, as a point of fact. It never snowed for a long time in Pepperinge Eye, but she didn't really care. Her thoughts remained with Mr. Browne. Though they were far apart, through those long months turned to years, they always remembered to write to each other. Whenever Mr. Browne had his own spare time in the military camp, he would pull out a feather pen he always kept in handy and write his letters to Miss Price. He would often ask her how she and the children were doing and often times, she would write him back. Ever since late 1940, they took delight to writing to each other at least once every month until the Holiday season came around. The first time Miss Price wrote to Mr. Browne during Christmas time, she asked him if he and the army would be coming home for Christmas. Since it was only his first few months at war, unfortunately, he told her that he couldn't make it back in time because the army already had a scheduled battle on the 23rd of December, 1940. Just imagine how difficult it would have been for the entire army to come back in such short notice. Miss Price took it as quite understandable due to the situation, but hoped and prayed that the next year, he would finally be home for the Holidays. When Christmas time in 1941 came around, Miss Price was intensely excited and full of anticipation that she wouldn't stop talking about his return with the army for Christmas. Almost everyday in breakfast, lunch and supper, the children heard the same thing every single time, it was hard for them to show such excitement anymore. Even her cat Cosmic would be getting sick of it, letting out a small irritated 'meow' every time he heard \"Mr. Browne is coming back soon,\" come out of her mouth. When passing by the neighborhood, Mrs. Hobday heard the same thing every morning! Miss Price wouldn't stop chattering about the return of the army one bit. \"Good morning Mrs. Hobday!\" Miss Price called out as she walked down the street. \"Why good mornin' Miss Price!\" greeted Mrs. Hobday with a smile on her face and her pleasant Scottish accent, \"I suppose you have some news for the Holidays now don't you m'dear?\" \"Oh, of course I do!\" she replied all joyfully. \"That should explain why you're just as happy as a lark!\" laughed Mrs. Hobday, \"Must be something new I suppose!\" with the emphasis of the word 'new.' \"Yes indeed! Have you heard? Half of the army is returning for the Holidays and our dear beloved Mr. Browne is one of them!\" exclaimed Miss Price, being all jumpy, which wasn't her usual self. \"Miss Price I've heard you say that a thousand times for the past week m'dear!\" she chuckled in a puzzled manner, \"But are you really sure that they're coming for Christmas?\" \"Why do you ask that Mrs. Hobday? I read it in the Times and I still have the article!\" she briskly scrambled into her purse and proudly pulled out the newspaper article stating the 'Return of England's Troops for the Holidays.' \"Oh, you're acting like a child yourself m'dear,\" Mrs. Hobday replied in a concerned manner,\"If I were you Miss Price, you wouldn't get your hopes up too high. Not everything happens as planned you know. You wouldn't want to be disappointed now would you?\" She had been warned though she refuses to listen. \"Disappointed? Nonsense Mrs. Hobday! It's Christmas time and I'm sure you very well know that nothing would go wrong during the Holiday season,\" she argued. \"Even if it's Christmas time m'dear, there's clearly nothing you can do about it,\" warned Mrs. Hobday,\"I'm sure you realize that even if it's the Holiday Season, it's war time Miss Price. It's much more difficult for all those soldiers to come home at times like these. Don't you forget it this time.\" \"I understand,\" replied Miss Price, \"But I still have hope for their return, that's for sure. After all, Christmas is all about the hope now isn't it Mrs. Hobday?\" Mrs. Hobday remained speechless. Nothing could hinder Miss Price's persistence. Sunday during the church service, Miss Price could hardly sit still on the pew, her foot constantly fidgeting out of anticipation throughout the sermon. The children were well-behaved as they learned how to be and couldn't stop glancing at Miss Price every minute. They could clearly see her determination for the end of the service, even though she was an attentive listener, because she could hardly have the sense to keep her mouth shut, ceasing to spread the good news right at the moment. Once the service ended, every one rushed out in anticipation for the Holidays, but Miss Price stayed awhile and for the first time, ran up to the stage and caught up with Mr. Jelk. \"Mr. Jelk!\" Miss Price yelled with excitement, creating an echo to the church halls. Mr. Jelk turned around and smiled at his friend. \"Ah, Miss Price!\" he said in his kind and joyful tone, still calm and collected, \"What brings you here my friend? How may I help you?\" \"Oh you won't believe what I am about to tell you Mr. Jelk!\" she exclaimed. \"Hmm, good news I presume?\" he guessed correctly, \"You do sound quite joyful, if I must say so myself!\" \"I am indeed beyond joyful, Mr. Jelk!\" Miss Price said excitedly,stepping quite out of her character, \"Have you heard? Our troops will be returning to England on Christmas Eve and our dear Mr. Browne will be here! Isn't that wonderful news for you?\" \"Oh am I delighted to hear that Miss Price! I can see how hopeful a woman you are in this time of year!\" he replied to her, reacting differently than Mrs. Hobday's response,\" Well just to make sure Mr. Browne and the troops return, I'll keep them in my prayers for sure.\" \"I'm more than happy to hear you say that Mr. Jelk. Happy Holidays to you!\" she waved before she left the church, silently calling the children to exit. \"And a Merry Christmas to you and the children!\" he called back. Then he decided to tease her a little bit, \"Oh and if Mr. Browne returns, let me know is he ever decides to pr-\" \"-Oh, say no more Mr. Jelk! I have a schedule,\" she brushed his statement off with a laugh,\"Good day to you! Merry Christmas!\" Mr. Jelk watched her and the children exit the church, looked up at the sky through the window and smiled. \"Someday,\" he sighed happily,\"I surely hope her wish comes true.\" He soon stared at the altar and walked away. Days passed and Christmas Eve 1941 was at hand. A lot of people waited on the sidewalks, making way on the road and waiting for the parading soldiers who would soon come home for the Holidays. Miss Price and the children were at the very front of the line, wearing thick and layered coats due to the cold weather. She stood right next to Mrs. Hobday and Mr. Jelk, so far her closest neighborhood friends, anticipating the moment that the soldiers would finally come marching in to spend the Christmas with their loved ones back in Pepperinge Eye. The enchanted bed was parked next to the children and as the minutes passed, everyone's patience was being tested and the moment was becoming more tedious than it was anticipated. Paul sat on the bed, rocking back and forth, yawning in a bored manner. \"Miss Price, when's Mr. Browne gonna get 'ere?\" he sighed impatiently. \"Be patient Paul, he'll be here in a moment, don't you worry,\" she sighed in an impatient manner as well, placing her hand on Paul's shoulder. Miss Price leaned towards Mrs. Hobday's ear and whispered, \"Do you really think they'll be arriving soon Mrs. Hobday?\" Mrs. Hobday turned toward Miss Price and smiled at her friend. \"Time will come m'dear, don't worry. It always does after all,\" she positively affirmed her,\"Who knows they could be marchin' here right now!\" The bored children finally perked up and began to sit up from the bed. \"Oh will they really Mrs. Hobday?\" excitedly exclaimed Carrie. \"As I said m'dear, time will come! Professor Browne will be here in no time, I'm sure!\" Mr. Jelk, who remained silent and patient the entire time turned to Mrs. Hobday and nudged her in a friendly way. \"Mrs. Hobday, remember to let me know if Miss Price and Mr. Browne ever get to-\" \"Sshh!\" shushed Miss Price,\"One more word about that again Mr. Jelk, and I swear you'll be standing on hind legs if you do.\" Mr. Jelk just chuckled and smiled. Maybe a priest like him had a cheeky, child-like side to him after all. \"What did you say Mr. Jelk?\" Paul asked curiously. \"That will be quite enough of that now Paul,\" interrupted Miss Price,\"After all, we're supposed to be here to wait for the troops. All of a sudden I'm starting to have a feeling that they won't be coming at all.\" \"Oi, don't think that way Miss Price,\" comforted Charlie as he lay on the bed,\" Who knows? If we try not to mind time or something, we might as well be 'earin' the trumpets o' the army comin' right for us! You'll see!\" \"Thank you Charles. If those soldiers ever come home, that will be the best Christmas present of all,\" Miss Price said sticking to that thought. Her anticipation was dwindling but her hope was still as strong as ever. The citizens of Pepperinge Eye and those who came from far and near just stood, some sat down and waited for the big moment to come. Hours passed, the moment became more tedious than ever and much to Miss Price's disappointment, there was no sign of the soldiers or Mr. Browne anywhere. The sun set through the hours and the whole place turned from smiles to melancholy and disappointment. The crowds cleared out and many people gave up on waiting for the troops and sadly headed home one by one until the only people left were the few citizens of Pepperinge Eye, Mrs. Hobday, Mr. Jelk, Miss Price and the children. Mr. Jelk and Mrs. Hobday were seated on the bed with the children lying down. Miss Price stood in front of the curb, looking left and right to the roads. The Christmas lights were shining and the decorations stood out perfectly...But where were the soldiers? Where was Mr. Browne? If no one ever showed up on Christmas Eve, maybe they better call it a day and leave for home to celebrate Christmas on their own. \"Well, I suppose it's getting late now m'dears. I think I'd better call it a night,\" said Mrs. Hobday in a tired manner as she saw the sadness in Miss Price's eyes,\"Now, now m'dear, don't let his absence get you down. Remember, absence makes the heart grow fonder.\" In this case, it did indeed. \"Well I'm still not giving up on his arrival Mrs. Hobday.\" replied Miss Price with a monotone in her voice. \"Oh what a woman of perseverance...that's what you are,\"smiled Mrs. Hobday,\"Cheer up, now. It's Christmas Eve! Whether he ever comes home or not, Professor Browne wishes you a Merry Christmas deep inside his heart.\" Miss Price just smiled for a short while and then it faded away much to her disappointment. \"It's time I'd better be headin' out! Good nights youngsters, good nights Mr. Jelk,\"Mrs. Hobday waved to the children and Mr. Jelk. \"Bye Mrs. Hobday!\" waved Paul. \"See ya 'round!\" bade Charlie. \"Merry Christmas Mrs. Hobday,\" greeted Carrie. \"I'll see you tomorrow Ma'am,\" waved Mr. Jelk. \"Merry Christmas to you too,\" Mrs. Hobday said as she walked over to Miss Price's direction,\"Good night Miss Price. A Merry Christmas to you and the children.\" Miss Price smiled and replied softly, \"Thank you Mrs. Hobday. A Merry Christmas to you as well.\" \"Alright, I'll see you tomorrow,\" said Mrs. Hobday as she headed off. She and Mr. Jelk made plans to spend Christmas day with Miss Price and the children. As a matter of fact, they were very good neighbors and so far, they happened to be the closest to Miss Price. Whenever she needed to confide in them, or needed someone to talk to, they were always there. The night all of a sudden grew colder, sending a chill up their spines. Mr. Jelk looked toward the direction of the village and decided to head home as well. \"Children, Miss Price, I think I should be heading home as well,\" Mr. Jelk said kindly,\"You all have a wonderful Christmas.\" \"Thank you Mr. Jelk,\" smiled Carrie. \"Now, now Miss Price, don't be downhearted this Holiday season. If he doesn't come, perhaps it isn't his time yet,\" Mr. Jelk comforted his friend. \"I don't know what to say...\"sighed Miss Price,\"He said he would arrive. It even said it in the Times! And to think that I was very happy...\" \"Come of it now my friend, don't look at it that way,\"said the gentleman in a comforting tone,\"Just think of it as a door of opportunities. You find an open door and all of a sudden, just like that, it closes on you! Imagine how disappointing that must be...\" \"Oh I most certainly agree,\" said Miss Price as she and the children listened. \"It doesn't seem fair at all, right? Seeing all those doors close on you right before your very eyes is just like watching all those opportunities fading away one by one,\" he continued,\"But that's not where it ends! Someday around those closed doors, you'll find a window. A window of new and better opportunities just awaiting for you to walk into them and take them while they're still there! You'll see Miss Price, this may still be a closed door. But always remember this: for every closed door comes an open window.\" With that, Mr. Jelk walked off, hoping that his powerful statement changed Miss Price's way of thinking. \"Mr. Jelk,\" she said, suddenly turning towards him,\"Thank you.\" He smiled, tipped his partially flat black hat and walked away. Miss Price's face fell after she realized she was the only one left down at the side walk while everyone was at home spending Christmas time together with those they loved. But what about Mr. Browne? He was coming, wasn't he? \"Miss Price?\" asked a sleepy Paul in the middle of a yawn. \"Yes Paul?\" \"Mr. Browne's still coming 'ome, isn't 'e?\" he asked. Her face fell once more at the question and let off a heavyhearted sigh. \"I don't know Paul...I just don't know.\" Charlie and Carrie remained laying down on the bed until Carrie spotted a light coming from the other end of the road. \"Miss Price!\" she yelled,\"Look! Someone's coming!\" All their heads turned towards a tall figure on the other end of the road, wearing a thick brown jacket, holding a lamp to light his way with a huge bag strapped to his outfit. Miss Price all of a sudden began to show a smile along with the children. \"My goodness,\" she said almost excitedly,\"It must be him...It must be him!\" The children smiled at each other and ran toward the tall man. \"Mr. Browne! Mr. Browne!\" she yelled out as she ran, trying to catch up with the children. When the children reached the tall man, Miss Price followed after them, catching her breath. She slowly raised her head up to see that the man they ran to was not Mr. Browne. It was the neighborhood's mailman. \"Eh-erm...\"he said as he cleared his throat,\"Are you Miss Eglantine Price?\" \"Yes, that's me,\"she replied in a confused manner,\"I don't understand...I thought the soldiers would be arriving at Christmas Eve.\" \"So did I Madam,\" said the Mailman. \"Have you had any sign of them at all?\" asked Miss Price, hoping for the answer she was looking for. \"Well Madam, I have been meaning to tell you about this,\"he said as he reached into his bag full of mail, looking for the letter written for Miss Price,\"Here. A letter all the way from Berlin in the Military Camp from a Professor Emelius Browne.\" She took the letter and stared at the envelope. \"What must this mean?\" she thought to herself as she unfolded the envelope and started reading it. \"Dear Eglantine, So it's the Holidays isn't it? I hope you and the children are well and rather cheerful this season! Has the Thames froze yet? (That's a trick question!)I've heard from your recent letter that you were absolutely excited for my homecoming along with the troops, which was all over the Times I presume. I could tell your anticipation and excitement for this day, and so do the children. As a point of fact my dear, I was so looking forward to see you and the children, I just couldn't wait for the day that I would finally reunite with you once more with open arms after a year of our being quite far apart. Unfortunately my dear, I hate to say this, but the troops and I will not be coming home for Christmas. I know, it's heart breaking and I really didn't want to tell you, but I had to. I didn't want to leave you with an ignorant bliss for the rest of the Holiday. The soldiers and I have another scheduled battle on Christmas Day (Oh...of all days) and all so suddenly I wish that I were home. I wish that I were with you. I can't stand another day at the Military Camp filled with war where peace is as rare as a blooming flower that I can't seem to find. Only coming home to you would heal my heartache and make it better. So my dear, I deeply apologize. I wish I were here with you right now. All the best wishes of peace and love for the New Year. Merry Christmas. Signed with affection, Emelius Browne\" After reading the letter, Miss Price's heart began to ache. After all this time, she's been happy, excited and anticipated his homecoming. Just hearing the news about their war on Christmas Day made her feel even worse. Where was the peace that was supposed to be there on Christmas Day? Where was the love? Where was the joy? Where was it all? Paul walked up to Miss Price and tugged at her sleeve. \"Wot's 'appening now Miss Price? Is he coming home?\" \"No Paul,\" said a miserable Miss Price letting off a huge sigh,\"Come along children, let's go home.\" She waved to the mailman, and he tipped her hat towards her, feeling sorry for the sad news he brought her. The children and Miss Price walked slowly towards the bed, feeling awful, sad and disappointed. Of all times, on Christmas Eve, 1941. After that happened, Miss Price felt that she would never see Mr. Browne again after a long, long time to come. Now in the year 1942, as Miss Price was working on the airplane's wings, she thought about that day that was almost a year ago. She sighed once more as she fought a lump in her throat, looked to the sky, and let the tears escape her eyes. She then stopped working and walked off to the nearest seat to her in the work house. One of the women who worked with her, Eleanor, noticed the sadness in her face and walked over to Miss Price. \"There now deary, wot seems to be the matter?\" she asked with a kind voice in her Cockney accent,\"It's Christmas Ma'am! You should be happy!\" \"Oh, it's nothing Eleanor, nothing at all,\"replied Miss Price,\"I'm just missing someone that's all.\" \"Hmmm...is it one of those men in the war?\" she asked, still with a smile on her face. Miss Price nodded quietly. \"I understand you deary, I know 'ow you feel,\" Eleanor comforted her, placing a hand on her shoulder,\"Me 'usband's in the army too. But just remember what our good friend told us in the service...whenever there's a closed door, there's always gonna be an open window.\" Miss Price began to smile at what Eleanor said, realizing that the good friend she was talking about was Mr. Jelk. \"Well now, we better 'urry deary! Those children o' yours must be waitin' for you at 'ome! It's almost nighttime y'know...time for you four to go a'Christmas shoppin' 'round the town!\" she perked up, rushing to finish the job. \"I'll be on my way now,\"said Miss Price as she packed up her things and headed out of the work lot,\"Merry Christmas Eleanor!\" \"A Merry Christmas to you too deary!\" she waved. As Miss Price walked out of the work lot, she thought, \"That was last Christmas, this is this Christmas!\" Who knows? A Christmas Miracle may happen one day in Pepperinge Eye... A/N: And that was my first chapter! Did you like it? Please REVIEW! Reviews are much appreciated, also constructive criticism (but NO flames! Please!). I actually thought that this chapter started off as lighthearted and happy until it turned out to be kind of sad sometime in the middle. But don't be disappointed! I'll update as soon as I can and get this fanfic done before or ON Christmas Day! Cheers and Merry Christmas! ~ASianSuccessor2012-DisneyFan[Chapter 2] A/N: Hey everyone! I know the last part of the first chapter was really sad, but I don't want you guys to be sad because it's Christmas! I promise, this Chapter's gonna be WAY happier. Now the main focus is on the 3 kids and how they plan to get Miss Price to have the Christmas Spirit. FINALLY they get to use the magical bed this time! This one kind of leads into the main plot and not to mention, adds a little more Christmas spirit. Who knows what they'll wish for Christmas...Please Read, Enjoy and REVIEW! I hope you like this next chapter! I have a feeling I might not have this story done by Christmas but even though, please keep Reading and Reviewing! I'm working really hard on this story. (My deadline for this one is probably at the end of the year.) Merry Christmas, ~ASianSuccessor2012-DisneyFan P.S. This is gonna be a LONG chapter, so get ready! Chapter 2: Christmas Spirit Through the Eyes of the Young Back at the house, the children waited for Miss Price outside at their small open field. Every chance they got, their favorite pastime was playing cricket out in the field, hide-and-seek or even chasing Cosmic around the fields. They were children after all and deserved to have fun while they could. The far off lake just around the bend, leading towards the city hadn't frozen yet over the winter, so they had no time to run off and skate. The only things they couldn't do without Miss Price's supervision was to fly the bed to someplace they didn't know or even leave her house. Of course, being their legal guardian and surrogate mother, she was responsible for their safety and protection. The weather was cold outside and they had to wear thick coats again. After a long afternoon of playing together as siblings, they took a little rest on the porch, just waiting for Miss Price to come home and take them out into the neighborhood to enjoy the Christmas Spirit just brimming around Pepperinge Eye. \"Gosh, 'ow long's Miss Price gonna take?\" sighed Charlie impatiently,\"She should 'ave been 'ere hours ago!\" \"Don't worry Charlie, she'll be 'ere soon,\" said Carrie, seated next to him. \"Soon?!\" exclaimed Paul who was just beginning to complain,\"Soon was a while ago! I wanna go see 'em light the Christmas tree!\" \"Be patient Paul, I know you're excited an' all, but we gotta wait for Miss Price,\" admonished Carrie,\"I don't know wot's gotten into 'er today! She's usually 'ome earlier!\" It didn't take very long until Miss Price arrived in her noisy motorcycle, shrouded with yellow smoke. That's when the children knew she had come home. She parked the motorcycle as carefully as she could, though leading it to a sudden stop which let off an extra amount of yellow smoke, which indeed bothered her somehow. Nevertheless, there was nothing better or happier for her that afternoon than coming home to the children who needed her. Even through her moments of reminiscing and pondering about the awfully disappointing event that occurred last Christmas Eve, just seeing the children right there waiting for her managed to let her show them a smile to let them know she was happy to see them. \"Children? I'm home!\" she waved as she stepped off of her half dis-functional motor-bike. The children leapt up from the fields and ran towards her direction. \"Oi 'ello Miss Price!\" greeted Charlie, rushing to her side. \"Oh am I ever so glad you're home!\" Carrie exclaimed, greeting her with a simple but warm hug, in which Miss Price returned and learned through the years to get used to. \"Where 'ave y' been Miss Price? Why were you away too long?\" asked Paul innocently as Miss Price bent to give him a kiss on his forehead. \"Well, I've been working on the army's war-planes as usual Paul,\" she replied calmly,\"How have you children been behaving yourselves? Were you alright while I was out? It's getting rather cold out here you know, you children better keep warm.\" \"Y'see Miss, we've been waiting just for you to come 'ome,\" said Carrie gently,\"I 'ope you didn't catch a cold while you were out there in the work'ouse.\" \"Why that's very kind of you Carrie,\" Miss Price said as she cleared her throat. \"What took ya so long Miss Price?\" asked Paul as he once more tugged on her sleeve. \"Oh Paul...\"she responded rather endeared by the young boy's innocence,\"You do know that I have to go out and work every single day to support the army. Building war-planes aren't as easy as they seem...believe me, they aren't. Now tell me little Paul; what is it that you want?\" \"Well, y'see, it's gettin' dark out an' I really wanna go out to the neighborhood! Can we Miss Price?\" \"Yes, let's!\" agreed Carrie in excitement, followed by a nod from Charlie. Miss Price could definitely see this coming although due to being incredibly busy, she seemed to be a tad confused. \"What for, Paul? What's all this fuss about going out into the neighborhood tonight?\" she asked them with a puzzled look on her face. \"Don't y' remember Miss Price?\" questioned Charlie in an excited manner,\"It's ten days before Christmas an' the Lord Mayor's gonna light the Christmas Tree tonight! Everyone's out an' about jus' in time celebratin' before Christmas, an' oh boy is it startin' to be like Portobello Road out there! Don't ya remember any of this at all?\" \"Well, of course I remember Charles,\" sighed Miss Price, trying very hard to come up with an excuse not to go,\"It's just that I'm really tired right now from all the wing-hauling, that's all.\" \"But we can still go! Can't we Miss Price?\" Paul persisted. Because of the memories that flowed back into their guardian's mind, she tried very hard to find a reason to stay home in order to escape the disappointments she thought were abound. \"Oh, I don't know Paul,\"replied Miss Price, thinking up an excuse, gently and subtly declining the request,\"You see, I'm all worn out now and we all might catch a cold if we don't keep warm inside right away.\" \"But it's almost Christmas!\" added Carrie, agreeing with her younger brother. \"Of course I know it's almost Christmas, ten days is long enough to wait,\" she resisted. \"Come on Miss Price!\" persuaded Charlie,\"We ain't just gonna be cooped up in 'ere forever, we ain't! We wouldn't wanna miss a thing!\" The children were so desperate to get out there in town and take part in the Christmas celebration that was just about to begin, even as early as ten days. They would stop at nothing to get Miss Price to take them there. \"Children, I know how much you really want to celebrate the Holidays but-\" \"-Please, Miss Price?\" pleaded Paul, interrupting her statement,\"I really want to see them light the Christmas Tree...\" With Paul's innocence in the way, it seems that there was no easy way for Miss Price to escape his persuasion. \"Paul, I-\" she was interrupted once more. \"-Please?\" Paul pleaded more desperately, squeezing her hand. Miss Price looked at the pleading faces of the children, sighed, and smiled, with the knowledge that it was impossible to say no. \"After all, it is Christmas,\" she thought to herself. \"Oh alright,\" she smiled, cheering up a bit, \"I suppose a little bit of Holiday cheer wouldn't hurt such early-birds like you three.\" The children smiled happily, rushing inside the house, beginning with Charlie and Carrie. \"Thank you Miss Price!\" Paul beamed with a quick hug,\"You know 'ow much this really means to me!\" \"You're most certainly welcome Paul,\" said Miss Price as she walked into the house,\"Now get ready and follow your siblings to your room. We're taking the bed tonight, you know!\" \"We're taking the bed? Hooray!\" he exclaimed running up the stairs to catch up with his brother and sister,\"Oi wait for me!\" Miss Price smiled at the young children, who were still in their prime, still happy, and still enjoying the happiness of the Christmas Season with their youth. Indeed, she was very glad to be spending Christmas with those she cared about for the past two years, although she felt that Christmas wasn't complete without one more thing. Now all she needed was the missing piece to make her life feel completed, if only she knew where to find it... \"I'll be right with you children!\" she called out to them from the bottom of the stairs. By the the time she arrived at the children's bedroom, Charlie, Carrie and Paul were seated upon the bed, ready to travel to the neighborhood to spread the Christmas cheer. She looked at them quite surprised and smiled at them with a chuckle following that. \"Oh, you children are prepared to go already? I'm surely glad you didn't leave me behind!\" said Miss Price, regaining her sense of humor. \"Of course we wouldn't leave you Miss Price!\" nodded Carrie,\"We can't go anywhere on the bed without you, that's for sure.\" \"Well, how very sensible of you children,\"she replied, as she tied her handkerchief around her head, walking to the bed then lying down,\"The knob, Paul!\" \"Where to?\" These responses have already become very mechanical since the very first day they tried the bed out. \"To the neighborhood of Pepperinge Eye. That's where the lighting of the tree is going to be, now isn't it?\" asked Miss Price, making sure she had the right address. \"Sure is!\" answered Charlie as he prepared himself for the ride, lying down on his spot next to Miss Price. \"Bed, take us to the neighborhood of Pepperinge Eye,\" summoned Paul in a firm, clear voice to the knob as he turned it a quarter to the left, tapping it thrice. The knob began to give off it's sparkle and gleam as the bed began to shake with lights surrounding it's golden metal edges. Miss Price began to hang onto the golden railings with Charlie hanging on to them as well and his two other siblings hanging onto the front railings. The bed began to shake rapidly until it disappeared into a fuzzy, luminous and enchanted image, allowing it to sway swiftly into the atmosphere and letting it fly. Colors flashed everywhere showing a spectrum of light in their view above their neighborhood. For two years now, Miss Price and the children have been getting used to the rather fast bed ride and still showed no signs of nausea or dizziness. Even so, no matter how long the children spent with the bed, they never got bored one bit. They enjoyed every single ride they had. They traveled everywhere with the bed, that even if it became natural, it was always exciting. The bed finally made a sudden stop in the middle of the neighborhood, appearing out of nowhere with the crowds noticing their very surprising arrival. \"'ere we are!\" yelled Paul happily. \"Hooray! We made it!\" cheered Carrie in a child-like manner as she and her two brothers hopped off the bed. Miss Price just smiled and followed them. \"Now stay close by children. You wouldn't want to get lost in the crowds and I wouldn't want to worry about you,\" she told them, placing her hands upon Charlie and Paul's shoulders to keep them close by. The neighborhood was bustling with activity and brimming with Christmas cheer! You could almost say that it was just like Portobello Road. Christmas Carolers surrounded the area, singing just around the corner, sleigh bells were ringing and the Christmas lights were shining so brightly it outshone the setting sun. Shops were all open and filled with customers, young and old alike. Children looked through the Christmas shop's windows, taking a look at the toys and gifts they hoped they would find underneath the Christmas tree and the adults went on, looking for decorations and treasury and even presents they would find to give to their loved ones on Christmas day. Surely the Christmas spirit was overflowing in Pepperinge Eye like never before! Miss Price let the children wander off to explore the neighborhood, but she never let them out of her sight. Charlie, Carrie and Paul walked up to the Christmas window of the nearest toy shop. The store was full, so they couldn't find the time to enter it. They saw a display of the most colorful and wonderful toys that they have ever seen! Dancing Christmas Decoration Machinery of Snowmen, Santa Clause and his elves, Christmas-color painted toy cars, a huge train set with tracks fit to assemble, elegantly dressed dolls and so much more toys a child could ever dream of having. The children looked wistfully at this marvelous sight and sighed happily. Miss Price watched them and smiled as she stood next to the lamp post. \"Gee...wot a dream come true this would be for Christmas!\" exclaimed Paul excitedly,\"I want the little red car for Christmas! Wot d' you want for Christmas Charlie?\" \"Oi, I always dreamed of 'avin' a 'uge train set of me own like this one!\" pointed Charlie, letting out his inner-child,\"It looks jus' like the one Mr. Browne 'ad in the nursery, but this one's a lil' bit bigger! I'd really like to 'ave a bloomin' set o' me own! Wot 'bout you Carrie? You settin' your eyes in one o' those lil' dolls now ain't ya?\" Carrie stared at the window once more, glanced at the dolls, then looked away in sudden uncertainty. \"Well I don't know actually,\" she replied. \"Oi come of it lil' sis! I know you want one o' these dolls!\" teased Charlie. \"I'm serious Charlie!\" she responded,\"This year I'm tryin' me best to accept whatever Miss Price gets us or whatever good ol' Santa Clause drops off the chimney this Christmas.\" \"So...you ain't wishin' for the dolls?\" asked Charlie curiously. \"Well, it's not that I ain't...\" Carrie replied in a matter-of-factly manner,\"It's jus' that I'm tryin' to be a lil' more thankful this year an' appreciate wotever I find underneath the tree. 'Cause after all, Christmas ain't just about the presents or receivin' 'em all, y'know. In a matter of fact I think that Christmas should be 'bout giving too an' being thankful for all wot's worth! That's what!\" Miss Price listened to the children's discussion and smiled soundly, knowing that Carrie was a very generous girl who thought about others before her own self. She looked around the busy neighborhood and saw many smiling faces passing by, greeting her a 'Merry Christmas' and a 'Happy Holidays' in which she smiled back as a response. Miss Price just stood there and savored the moment in silence amidst all the joyful noises, absorbing the Christmas Spirit and just beginning to feel happier than she was in the previous Christmas. The war was still going on, of course, but nothing could ever hinder the Christmas spirit of the neighborhood of Pepperinge Eye, not even the Nazis could stop them all from being happy. She couldn't find time to search for presents for the children that day, but she knew that she always had time within the ten more days before the actual celebration began. Miss Price just smiled and decided to spend some time just enjoying herself and being in the moment as she stood next to the lamp post. As time passed by, the loud chimes started ringing and everyone stopped what they were doing and fell silent. The children looked around and wondered what on earth was going on and why the bells kept ringing. All of a sudden the abrupt lighting up of the Christmas lights in the shop caught Paul's eye and he somewhat began to show a smile. \"Wot's 'appenin' 'ere? Why's everyone stopping?\" exclaimed Charlie in a confused state.' \"Don't y'know?!\" yelled Paul in utmost excitement,\"The Christmas Lights! The good ol' Lord Mayor's gonna light up the Christmas Tree!\" \"Oi, they do the same thing ev'ry single year they do,\"Charlie said as he brushed off the thought and shook his head,\"Besides, they should start doin' something a lil' bit different y'know.\" \"Oh don't be so rude Charlie!\" Carrie nudged him,\"We're supposed to be enjoyin' ourselves!\" The children watched the scenery as everyone gathered around the enormous Christmas tree at the very center of the neighborhood. Miss Price rushed to their side and waited along with everyone else for the Lord Mayor to arrive with the lamp lighters. Soon, the bells stopped ringing and men and women, all dressed in green, red, gold and white, which were the \"Pepperinge Eye Minstrels\" choir led by Mr. Jelk walked up toward the Christmas Tree and arranged themselves according to sopranos, tenors, basses and altos. The choir slowly raised up their choral books before them as Mr. Jelk stepped up front and raised his baton to conduct them. The children had confused and puzzled looks on their faces as they saw the choir flipping the pages of their songbooks, not quite knowing the exact reason why there was a choir this year and the previous year, there wasn't. The only time in this Holiday season that they came out to sing was on Christmas Day. \" 'Ey, Miss Price?\" Charlie whispered curiously,\" 'Ow come there's a choir out 'ere today? Th' only time I'd see 'em out an' about was on Christmas Day! Kinda mind-bogglin,' come to think of it!\" If the children noticed anything unusual or different happening down at Pepperinge Eye, they always seem to count on Miss Price for all the answers considering that she has been there all her life. \"I haven't the foggiest Charles,\" she answered, rather confused as well,\"I suppose that the entire neighborhood wishes to celebrate Christmas quite early this year. As far as I know, none of this ever happened in Pepperinge Eye for as long as I can remember.\" \"Jus' look at 'em you lot!\" called Paul in a loud whisper,\"Are they gonna start singin' Christmas Carols Miss Price?\" \"My thoughts exactly Paul,\" smiled Miss Price, turning her eyes towards the choir. The minstrels finally got themselves organized with their songbooks, stood up straight and were ready to sing their first Christmas Carol under the direction of Mr. Jelk. He cleared his throat, raised his baton and conducted them to the song, \"Joy to the World.\" Everyone stood up and the Lord Mayor and the lamplighters walked in the middle of the road to the Christmas Tree, making a path like a Priest and his helpers would do. The choir made sang a second round to the song and soon, everyone sang along to the words of the song, including Miss Price and the children. \"Joy to the world, the Lord has come, let Earth receive their King, Let every heart prepare Him room, And Heaven and nature sing, and Heaven and nature sing, And Heaven, and Heaven and nature sing!\" Everyone in the street corners and the choir fell silent as the lamp lighters slowly made their way to the Christmas tree. The bells started chiming softly once more and the Lord Mayor held up his lamp light along with the other lamp lighters and started lighting up the candles hanging on the Christmas tree one by one, slowly but surely and with care. Each time each candle was lit, the Christmas tree grew brighter and brighter every time until it outshone the very Christmas lights out in the streets, and even the moon and stars that were up that night. Miss Price, the children and all the townsfolk watched in awe as the Christmas Tree was beaming radiantly in the middle of the neighborhood. Of course, the Lord Mayor would never forget the most important part of the Holiday tradition: Lighting up the Star on the Christmas Tree. In that moment, one lamp lighter brought forth a tall ladder, tall enough to reach the ten-foot top of the Christmas Tree and the Lord Mayor carefully climbed it, still with the torch in his hand. He lighted the Christmas Star with care and it created such a brilliant beaming sight, it outshone the stars in the sky. Everyone cheered with applause, bright smiles and joy filled the air and even Miss Price couldn't resist to show a smile on her face. She held the children close as they smiled and laughed together for this joyous event that took place, now that the Christmas Spirit was in the air. \"That's why we came 'ere Miss Price,\" smiled Paul as he looked up at his guardian. \"What was that Paul?\"she asked, looking down at him.' \"I wanted you to 'ave the Christmas Spirit! We didn't want y' to stay at work all day now did we?\" Paul chuckled, holding tight to her in a small hug. He has grown much closer to her through the years since they met. \"Oh Paul, that's very kind of you. Thank you,\" she smiled at him, also looking to Charlie and Carrie,\"All of you.\" The lord Mayor descended from the ladder with a jump and a perfect landing on his feet, raising his arms to his success. The crowd cheered once again as he prepared to make his speech on behalf of the early Christmas celebration Pepperinge Eye was having that day, on the 15th of December. Mr. Jelk stepped up to the front of the gigantic Christmas tree and presented the Lord Mayor to the citizens of Pepperinge Eye. \"Ladies and gentlemen...I am honored, pleased and proud to introduce the Lord Mayor of Pepperinge Eye himself, Mayor Morgan William Lockeskworth,\" introduced Mr. Jelk, making way for Mayor Lockesworth as the crowd applauded once again. \"That's the Lord Mayor 'imself, ain't it?\" whispered an astounded Paul. \"Don't you remember anythin' at all Paul? It's the same Lord Mayor as last year! Why don't y' learn 'ow to use the little noggin' o' yours for-\" said Charlie, who was rather annoyed by his little brother's constant curiosity and sudden forgetfulness for his age. \"CHARLIE!\" yelled Carrie in a loud whisper,\"Stop fightin' or the Lord Mayor will catch you!\" The applause from the rest of the crowd continued as Mayor Lockesworth made his way to the front of the tree, thanking Mr. Jelk for the kind introduction like a loyal citizen would do. \"Thank you all for your kind greeting ladies and gentlemen,\" said the Mayor as he began his speech,\"Now aren't you all excited for the Holidays?\" The crowd cheered once again, with amajority of voices shouting \"yes,\" or yeah,\" showing him that they were all ready for Christmas to begin as early as the fifteenth. \"Alright, alright, simmer down now,\" Mayor Lockesworth said, settling them down, continuing with his speech,\"It is truly an honor to be standing here right now, celebrating this Holiday season with all the people who matter the most, like friends and family. Just seeing strangers on the streets greeting other strangers, are like seeing people gaining lifelong friendships to last them a lifetime, and I have to say, it makes me very happy indeed. Each day as Christmas day is nearing, more and more people, young and old alike, grow closer and spend quality time together, sharing the Christmas spirit that lies within and spreads even farther than the oceans could reach in this Yuletide season. Just hearing those sleigh bells ring and those carolers sing, and the joy, liveliness and love in the air truly show that the Christmas spirit is alive no matter what; that is why ladies and gentlemen, as early as now, we are gathered together to celebrate what most people say is the most wonderful time of the year! Does everyone follow me?\" They all responded with some more cheers, much more controlled than the previous ones before. \"This Season is a time to be thankful for the loved ones that we hold dear in this day and age because, my dear ladies and gentlemen, just because Christmas is the most wonderful time of the year, it doesn't mean that we still aren't in war. It's sad but true...But we are in war. We are living in a time of hatred, pain, loss and a dark hour, but that also doesn't mean that we can't celebrate Christmas with peace, hope and love. Even in this time of tragedy, I believe that there is hope! I believe that there will be peace! And I believe that love is more powerful very battles on the battlefields, because it is our greatest gift of all! And I'm sure that General Teagler, Sergeant Harrison and the army, even those we have lost along the way, are very proud of us even as we speak. They may not be here with us now...They may not even be here with us this Christmas...But deep inside their hearts, they wish each and every one of us and to those those here who they love and cherish, a Merry Christmas and peace on Earth for the years to come as I too wish you a Merry Christmas from the bottom of my heart. Have a Happy Holidays ladies and gentlemen...and a Prosperous Happy Happy New year of 1943 ahead for you all,\" Mayor Lockesworth's inspiring speech drove many from the crowd to tears of joy and touched their hearts that they were moved to an immense round of applause. Mr. Jelk and the choir applauded loudly, and so did the children, who have never heard a speech as inspiring as the mayor's was ever before. Miss Price, who was deeply moved, smiled brightly with a twinkle in her eye and applauded along with the crowd, at the same time, thinking about the very soldier who loved and cherished her and the children like no other. As she pondered, Mr. Jelk started up the choir once more as they led the entire neighborhood in song with the Christmas Carol, \"O Holy Night.\" The children ran to the choir, joining the chorus in singing as Miss Price stood and watched and eventually sang in the second round, feeling the Christmas Spirit come alive once again in her as well as everyone else. \"O Holy night. The stars are brightly shining, It is the night of the dear Savior's birth. Long lay the world in sin and error pining. 'Til He appeared and the Spirit felt its worth. A thrill of hope, the weary world rejoices, For yonder breaks a new and glorious morn. Fall on your knees! Oh, hear the angel voices! O night divine, the night when Christ was born; O night, O Holy Night, O night divine!\" When the singing was over, everyone went about their own business again, Christmas shopping, skating in the frozen pond, and even talking to Mayor Lockesworth, thanking him for the inspiring message that he gave everyone. The children wanted to do more but Miss Price called them to come with her immediately. \"Come along children, I believe it's time to go,\" she said in a serious tone, rushing the children toward her side. Charlie, Carrie and Paul spotted her through the rushing crowds and ran towards her direction. \"But Miss Price, I don't want to go yet! It's too early!\" persisted Carrie. \"Well, it's a bit too late for me, I have work tomorrow morning. Now come along,\" Miss Price replied, not sounding too convinced. \"But we 'ad the the time o' our lives, we did!\" beamed Paul,\"You did 'ave fun too, didn't you Miss Price?\" \"Of course I did Paul, I had a marvelous time, now let's go. We wouldn't want to catch ourselves a cold now do we?\" she replied rushing through her words, walking briskly with Paul and Carrie by her side toward the direction of the bed. Charlie trudged behind Miss Price and his siblings and rushed through the flowing crowds until he accidentally bumped a tall gentleman in a light brown jacket, a red woolly scarf and a black top hat and fell down right before him. \"Oi, I'm really sorry guv'nor, really, I...\" Charlie's words trailed off as he noticed in awe that the man he bumped into was the Lord Mayor himself, Mayor Lockesworth. \"It's quite alright son,\" chuckled the humble mayor as he reached out his hand to help Charlie up,\"Mind if I ask you...what is your name?\" Charlie was in shock. The mayor of Pepperinge Eye himself asked for his name! \"But why would someone like that ask for a low-classed orphan's name?\" he thought to himself before replying. \"R-Rawlins sir! Charlie Rawlins!\" he answered briskly,\"Why do you ask Sir? Are y' gonna call the cops on me for bumpin' into you?\" \"Of course not! As a matter of fact it's mighty fine to meet you young fellow,\" smiled the Mayor. \"Oi, as always, a pleasure to meet you guv'nor!\" he said quickly, reaching out his hand to shake the mayor's hand. Now he felt quite important to be shaking hands with a mayor! How many children would be lucky enough to do that? \"Now Charlie, what are you doing standing around here? You should be out with the children, skating, shopping, playing, having fun! It's almost Christmas time, you know,\" Mayor Lockesworth said, encouraging him to join the rest of the festivities. \"It'd sure be a pleasure guv' but me guardian's callin' me out to go 'ome already, she thinks I'm gonna catch a cold!\" he answered, rolling his eyes jokingly at his repeating of Miss Price's request. \"Now hold on Charlie...You aren't an only child, are you?\" he wondered, bending down to reach Charlie's eye level. \"Me sir? Nah! I've got two siblings of me own! They're out there followin' Miss Price,\" Charlie replied proudly,\"I'm sure 'appy I ain't the only one in the family.\" \"Wait a second...Miss Price, is taking care of you?\" the mayor asked curiously. He seemed intensely fascinated about Charlie's life all of a sudden. \"Yeah...\" answered a rather puzzled Charlie. \"You mean, the Miss Eglantine Price,\"he questioned once more in an astonished making sure. \"Yes guv,' 'ow come this surprises you?\" asked Charlie, who was already befuddled by the mayor's amazement. \"Miss Price saved the entire nation with one act of magic! Don't you find that surprising?\" \"Sure is guv'nor!\" nodded the boy,\"For all I know, I don't know any single one in this little neighbor'ood who could do a thing like that!\" \"Indeed. It's amazing how things happen here in Pepperinge Eye, you don't really know the people you pass by once you get to know them better,\" replied the Mayor in a matter-of-factly manner before asking Charlie another question,\"So Charlie, is Miss Price your mother or something?\" Charlie was shocked once again at the Mayor's next question. \"Miss Price? My Mother? Impossible!\" he thought to himself. Nobody ever asked him that question before; not in a long time, at least. \"Who, Miss Price? She ain't my Mum! She's the legal guardian of me siblings an' I, for two years now!\" he answered wide-eyed at the peculiar question shot at him. \"Well, I don't mean to be a bother young fellow, but it seems to me that she's taking care of you very well,\" said the Mayor. \"She is. Thank you guv'nor,\" smiled Charlie who was still in a daze from the last question,\"I'm an orphan y' know. After me parents were gone from the war, one of our aunts took care of us for a while in London. That is, until the Jerries dropped a bomb at 'er 'ouse, which left us to fend for ourselves 'til we found a train all the way 'ere.\" \"I see...\"the Mayor said, feeling sorry for Charlie. \"An' besides guv'nor, me siblings, Miss Price an' I know someone in the army too,\" he continued,\" 'E was Miss Price's Professor an' her best friend! Last Christmas, 'e said 'e was gonna come back but 'e didn't. It broke Miss Price's 'eart just 'earin' the news. Maybe that's why she didn't want to come 'ere very much durin' this season.\" \"I'm sorry to hear that Charlie, I feel you,\" Mayor Lockesworth responded, placing his hand on Charlie's shoulder,\"My brother's in the army too you know. It's hard not seeing those people you love for a long time to come, it really is. But for now, just keep your chin up my dear lad, and don't look down! Hope's just waiting to find its way into your life. Do tell your dear Miss Price that everything's going to be alright, okay Charlie?\" \"I sure will guv'nor,\" nodded Charlie as he showed a smile on his face. \"CHARLES!\" called a familiar woman's voice from afar,\"Come along now!\" \"O'right Miss Price, I'll be right with you!\" he called back with his hands cupped by his mouth,\"I'm sorry Sir, Miss Price is callin' me now. It was nice talkin' to you anyway.\" \"As always Charlie, it's a pleasure,\" smiled the Mayor,\"Say hello to Miss Price for me, now will you do that?\" \"O'course I will guv'nor!\" said Charlie as he turned to the sidewalk. \"CHARLES, COME HERE OR THE BED WILL LEAVE WITHOUT YOU!\" called Miss Price in a firm tone. \"I'm coming!\" yelled Charlie,\"Well, Merry Christmas guv'nor!\" \"Merry Christmas Charlie Rawlins,\" the mayor smiled once again,\"Stay safe!\" Charlie ran towards the direction of the bed, panting as he reached his destination. \"Charles, what took you so long?\" Miss Price said with concern in her voice,\"You know that the cold weather isn't good for you children.\" \"Don't worry 'bout me Miss Price!\" reassured Charlie,\"I was talkin' to the Lord Mayor 'imself, Mayor Morgan William Lockesworth,\" \"Blimey Charlie!\" Paul exclaimed. \"Oh Charlie, did you really?\" Carrie jumped, fascinated about the whole thing,\"What did 'e tell you?\" \"It's a long story I told 'im, that's what,\"he replied as a way of saying that it's none of their business,\"But I can tell you at 'ome, that's for sure!\" \"Oh really?\" beamed Paul excitedly. \"'Course I can! Wot are big brothers for anyway?\" Charlie nudged his younger brother. \"Well that's very nice children,\"said Miss Price as she ended the conversation,\"For now, let's go home,\" Paul leaned forward to turn the bed-knob and the bed ride began once again, swiftly but safely carrying them home. As they approached the bedroom, Charlie kept in mind the one thing about that evening that he would never forget: meeting the Mayor of Pepperinge Eye himself; Mayor Morgan William Lockesworth. A/N: How did you like that? Please let me know and REVIEW! :) I really appreciate you all reading my story and I really do hope you're enjoying this story so far, even if Christmas is already over. Please Don't Forget to REVIEW and I'm going to have the 3rd Chapter up soon. Please stay tuned! Thank you all so much! ~ASianSuccessor2012[Chapter 3] A/N: Hey everybody! Sorry for the long time to update! I sure hope you guys are enjoying the story (and hopefully reviewing, please...please...PLEASE?)! I was thinking about what to do with this chapter and I NEED some suggestions on how to make this story a little bit better and a little more interesting. SHARE your ideas via review! I'm really excited to get this story going because I wonder how things will go with Miss Price and the kids without Mr. Browne in Christmas. Who knows? Something great might just happen, so keep reading! All your reading is much appreciated and I hope you're enjoying it! Thanks again and enjoy this chapter! ~ASianSuccessor2012-DisneyFan P.S. It begins with children's curiosity! :) I add those first few little moments in just because I love the cute little moments between Carrie,Charlie and Paul with Miss Price. But just a little warning though, this little discussion between them is gonna be a little bit fiercer than I thought with a little moment of truth, but it's REALLY important as it builds the plot and moves it forward. I PROMISE more fluff and happiness up soon, so PLEASE keep reading! Chapter 3: Some Night This Turned out to Be It was 8:30 in the evening in Pepperinge Eye and right at that time, the bed arrived with a sudden stop in the children's bedroom, showing it's shimmering glow on the bed's side railings. Miss Price and the children promptly stepped off the bed and pushed the bed back towards the wall into it's original position as intended. \"Miss Price, why did we leave town so early?\" Carrie asked politely. Little did she know that Miss Price was avoiding the subject. \"Carrie, intelligent as you are, haven't you forgotten that I have very important and unmissable work to do and I mean exceptionally important,\" she replied in a matter-of-factly manner with a sigh. \"Wot's so important 'bout building planes?\" asked Charlie who was clearly out of his element. \"Charles, I thought you were fond of airplanes,\" answered a rather befuddled Miss Price, knowing that young Charlie Rawlins had such a spark of interest for mechanism and machinery. \"I mean, wot's so special 'bout the job? Does it really mean something to you?\" clarified Charlie. All those hints of sudden curiosity, and even suspicions on the children were starting to get into her head. \"Well Charles, the reason why I think it's exceptionally important is just simply because I'm contributing to the work that women do around here in benefit of the army!\" she explained, almost sounding like a schoolteacher,\"I mean, the army's aces are so skilled they need more war planes in order to succeed. Success in a war is quite important, you know. It all adds up to one simple logic: common knowledge.\" The children suddenly began to grow more and more confused. That surely didn't sound like the Miss Price they grew to know. She sounded like a school teacher! One who gives constant lectures and lessons in a classroom rather than a guardian who was a firm believer in miracles, creativity and magic all in itself. Has she changed ever since? Did she herself reach the age of not believing? Why is it that every Christmas, beginning with the one the year before, Miss Price's attitude seems to have changed all so differently that she doesn't seem like her usual self at all? \"Why that's nothin' to show!\" Charlie answered back, sounding like a smart-alec himself. Miss Price's reaction turned into shock. All she did was explained herself. \"CHARLIE!\" yelled Carrie, giving him a hard, painful nudge on his shoulder,\" \"OW! Now wot's the big idea 'bout all that?!\" he retaliated. \"I'm afraid it's my fault,\"replied Miss Price as she shook her head with a guilty expression,\"That didn't sound quite of interest to you, now did it?\" \"No, no, t'was my fault Miss Price, I'm sorry. Shouldn't 'ave reacted that way in the first place anyway,\" \"It's quite alright Charles, really it is,\" she replied with a smile and a chuckle that showed her quickness to forgive,\"You know how people are when they get tired themselves,\" She loosened her purse and began to pull off the bed sheets in order for the children's bed time, even as early as now. \"'Ey Miss Price?\" Paul stirred in an innocent way. \"Yes Paul?\" smiled Miss Price who was always endeared by the young cockney boy who was at the same time reluctantly prepared for the anticipated question he was about to ask. \"Why d' you say it's really important? You ain't savin' England from the war again now are you?\" That little statement shocked and caught Miss Price off guard for once. Her suspense was all the children were waiting for, to let her once and for all learn how to confide in the children. After all, they were all that she's got when she came home everyday. She slowly turned to Paul with a tense expression on her face. \"Why, no Paul,\" she replied softly though in a troubled state,\"Why do you ask?\" Charlie walked across the room to Miss Price and crossed his arm in a matter-of-factly manner. \"Y' see, 'ere's the deal Miss Price...\" he said in a serious, no-nonsense tone. \"Goodness,\"she worriedly thought,\"Another deal this young man has to make.\" She composed herself, sighed inaudibly and prepared to listen to what Charlie had to say. \"Carry on Charles,\" she said softly. \"You're always away!\" yelled Charlie, his mood turning into disappointment. Miss Price looked at him, shocked and wide-eyed. \"What did you say Charles?\" Now it seemed that Charlie was getting mad and losing his cool, which was unlikely to the situation. \"Y...You're always away!\" he repeated, sounding more upset than ever,\"You ain't there for us when we need you most an' you're always too busy to watch over us! Wot 'appened to you Miss Price?!\" \"CHARLIE, Stop it!\" yelled Carrie worriedly towards Charlie as she saw the expression on Miss Price's face, feeling sorry for her. What could she possibly do to make him mad? \"Charles Rawlins, don't you even know how much importance my work has to do with the war?!\" Miss Price finally argued back for the first time,\"I go out to the town very early to build those war-planes, which is very, very, hard work that needs my utmost attention!\" \"An' NOW all you can ever think about is planes, planes, planes! 'Ere an' there! Morning, noon, an' night!\" he stood up being fierce with his words like spitballs of fire towards his guardian's arguments. \"I'm building these war-planes for those soldiers! Those poor soldiers out in the war! Think about them Charles! Think about what they need! And you MUST know that this is my job and I do this for a living! That's what I live for, that's why I work! To fulfill everything that I need!\" \"Why don't you ever think about wot we need?!\" Charlie quarreled back, feeling hurt, throwing a hissy fit and pounding his pillow on the bed for each statement,\"You're always out there early every single morning at 7, an' y' DON'T come back early at all! Y' leave us 'ere to wait out in the cold an' we can't even use this pathetic little bed, an' we can't go out in the village! Wot are we?! Children to care for or rubbish just to throw about an' take for granted?! Y'tell me Miss Price! An' my question needs an answer!\" Carrie and Paul could hardly stand this fierce quarreling between their brother and their guardian that Paul began to cry and rush out the room in tears, slamming the door behind him. \"CHARLIE RAWLINS! You do not speak in such a way to me!\" Miss Price stood firmly with her words,\"What is your problem young man? Don't you realize that I'm doing this for you too! I'm only trying to protect you and keep you safe! You don't know anything at all about what I'm thinking about Charles, that's right, and I suggest you don't go further into my thoughts for the rest of the night or this discussion will be closed!\" \"This discussion is not closed Miss Price!\" stormed Charlie with tears filling his eyes,\"The only reason why I noticed this is 'cause y' only began to leave us alone is in this Christmas Season! 'An of all times Miss Price, this is supposed to be the time o' year when y' stop workin' an' spend time with who y' care about! An' you can't escape my askin'! Why, Miss Price?! Why?!\" Charlie's final raging statement caused Miss Price to pause for a moment and finally let out the truth. \"Charlie...\"Miss Price said softly as she walked towards his side, placing her hand on his shoulder,\"I...I'm sorry Charles,\" \"N-no you ain't!\" Charlie said sobbing, shaking her hand off of his shoulder. \"No, really Charles, I am,\" Miss Price confirmed with a look of guilt. \"T-then, wot's your reason?\" he asked her, with tears in his eyes. Now was the moment of truth. \"You see, Charles...The reason why I'm always out and about this season is because...\" her voice trailed off following with a sudden silence. \"Because 'what,' Miss Price?\" asked Carrie, breaking it. \"...Because of all the holidays of the year, this one could disappoint me,\" she said, speaking nothing but the truth. Charlie and Carrie were immensely shocked. How could Christmas possibly disappoint her? Charlie's face fell with nothing but thoughts of guilt for his untamed anger. \"But why, Miss Price...why?\" asked a stunned and disbelieving Carrie. Miss Price could do nothing but sigh heavily and truthfully spill out her answer. \"Last Christmas...\" she replied in a monotone way, tears filling her eyes,\"There was war on Christmas Day and many soldiers out there lost there lives on the battlefield on the most wonderful day of the year...what a nightmare it was for their loved ones back here. But what's worse? They never came home, not one of them, came home ever again...and perhaps they never will.\" Charlie and Carrie caught the tears in her eyes and rushed to her side of the bed. They never realized how Christmas was for her in the previous year, being full of anticipation and excitement for Mr. Browne to finally return to them for the Holidays, only to be met with the harsh, heartbreaking shadows of disappointment. They only noticed that she seemed sad for a while and then happy the next day while celebrating with some neighborhood friends such as Mr. Jelk and Mrs. Hobday, but they never stopped to think about the tears and sadness behind her smile on Christmas morning. The very thought of Mr. Browne fighting long and hard, suffering with his fellow soldiers out there on the battlefields of Berlin broke her heart. Now they understood the pain that she always began to expect for every Christmas. She began to see no point in wishing for anything when this season came along. \"Miss Price...I 'ad no idea,\" Charlie remarked apologetically,\"I'm real' sorry y'know, if only y'could forgive me, we'd all be okay.\" \"It's quite alright Charles,\"she replied, pulling him to her side with her hand on his shoulder, this time being met with his approval with his hand patting hers gently,\"I'm sorry too. I never realized you felt that way until now.\" Paul slowly opened the door, peeked into the room and wiped his eyes with his sleeve, hoping that everything was alright. \"Everything okay now?\" Paul asked innocently with a sniff, leaning towards the doorway,\"No more yelling?\" \"No more yellin' Paul, you can come right in!\" smiled Charlie, motioning Paul to come in with a wave of his hand. Of course, his brother obeyed him and sat next to Miss Price on the bed. \"I'm sorry about all this children,\" smiled Miss Price, followed with a sigh,\"It's just that I don't really see much of a point in wishing with all your heart for anything on Christmas at all, just to be met with nothing but disappointment to the core...At least, that's what I think.\" Carrie, being the kindhearted young girl that she is, approached Miss Price and encouraged her. \"No! Don't think that way Miss Price! You can't lose 'ope too soon!\" she said with pleading eyes,\"You just 'ave to keep believing! After all, it's Christmas y'know. Wasn't that wot you taught us along the way?\" She could do nothing but pause at the emphasis of Carrie's remark. \"Of course Carrie,\"Miss Price nodded, \"It's just been hard on me, that's all. Once the morning comes, everything will be alright and hopefully...\" she paused and stared out the window. \"'Opefully wot?\" asked Charlie. \"Well...hopefully, much better,\" she concluded. And with that, she tucked the children in bed and turned the lights off. \"Good night children.\" \"Good night!\" the children all said in unison before they slept. Miss Price smiled at them one more time and shut the door. Outside, she headed toward her room, just at the left side of the upper hall, across the stairs, next to the children's bedroom. Once she entered her room, her cat Cosmic, greeted her at the doorway, meowing loudly as she turned on the lamplight by her bed-side and sat on the bed. Miss Price couldn't contain herself and she wanted to share her problems with someone, but there was no else to confide in, except for her very own pet. She buried her face in her hands and let off a heavy sigh. \"Oh Cosmic, I just don't know what to do...\"she confided in her dark-colored little cat,\"I don't know what has become of me. Of all times this year, I don't feel the way I should when Christmas time is around...some night this turned out to be. I don't understand...I just wish that everything would be much better.\" As she lay in her bed, she stared at her window once more and saw a shooting star pass by. With that, she smiled, knowing that her voice has been heard even as far as the Heavens above. She caught sight of a few little white specks falling softly and gently from the sky and thought to herself, \"What if tomorrow will snow?\" Now with her better mood, she fell soundly asleep, knowing that tomorrow was a new day of work and hopefully some Christmas spirit to come her way. Meanwhile, in the children's bedroom, they lay in their bed, waiting for rest to catch up with them until Carrie broke the silence and sat up abruptly from her sleeping position. \"'Ey, y' know why Miss Price was acting so strangely tonight?\" \"Yeah, she's so unlike 'erself these days,\"agreed Charlie,\"Wonder wot's gotten into 'er lately...\" \"She lost 'er Christmas Spirit! That's wot!\" inferred Carrie,\"No, really! That's wot caught 'er off guard!\" \"Any reason why?\" asked Paul. That's when Carrie knew exactly what to say. One position that Miss Price was hardly ever imagined to be in. \"She's got the age of not believing!\" she exclaimed in a shocked way. Her brothers couldn't agree more. This was unbelievable for someone as hopeful and determined like Miss Price. A/N: That's all I have for today, I hope you liked this little chapter. I'm SO sorry if I ever disappointed you with Charlie and Miss Price's argument, but that little scene over there REALLY is supposed to lead into the moment of truth where she tells them why she was losing her Christmas Spirit and got into the age of not believing! The next chapter is gonna be so much happier AND fun, so stay tuned! Thank you ALL so much for READING and REVIEWING my story. It means SO much! Don't forget to REVIEW (No flames please, constructive criticism is always welcome)! Thanks again and Happy New Year! As always, I own nothing. Hint for next Chapter: Remember the line \"What if tomorrow will snow?\" It'll help you in the next chapter. ~ASianSuccessor2012-DisneyFan[Chapter 4] A/N: Hi everyone! I'm SO sorry for the really really long time it took for me to update in OVER a year and a half's time. I had a little bit of a writer's block (okay, a lot of a writer's block, I confess) and I've been busy with a whole lot of things in school lately, this being my graduating year, but now I'm back! (Yes, I DO know it's been since January, 2013 AND it's already beyond Summer; AND almost Christmas 2014) I hope you're enjoying this story as much as I am writing it! Just so you know, I have good news...THIS is coming close to where the REAL Miss Price/Mr. Browne hints and moments are just about to begin (hint-look at the chapter title!)! For this chapter, it's more about the hints than the moments, so continue to stay tuned. So this chapter's gonna focus more on Mr. Browne while he and the soldiers were in Berlin at war before Christmas...what could happen next? PLEASE Read and REVIEW, and of course, enjoy! As always, I don't own any of the characters (Except for the Originals), they belong to Disney. ~ASianSuccessor2012 P.S. This Chapter begins with a little bit of an introduction to the military's atmosphere with the first four paragraphs, but the next one will get more into the story if you keep reading on, I promise. I just LOVE OC's and I hope you do too. There will be a lot of them here, especially the soldiers, not to mention, Mr. Browne's new best friend...just a little heads up for you all. And another bit of a heads up, this is more of a filler chapter, so more of the very important details start coming in the next chapter. Just tell me what you think about this one and please don't forget to Review on the way! Chapter 4: His Muse Back Home Meanwhile, in the snowy grounds of Berlin Germany, far from the comfort and security of their hometown in London, stood the Military Camp where the soldiers of the Old Home Guard, including other recruits of varied ages ranging from eighteen and above resided and prepared for battle. Their camping grounds were hidden in the midst of an unnoticed, heavily snow-capped mountain for the sake of their own safety and for their benefit of planning war strategies or just taking it easy off of the battlefield to spend their own supposed leisure time, or even write to their loved ones back home. The grounds were built with makeshift tents created delicately with wooden and metal poles, covered and supported with strong fabric sheets above them, where their personal supplies, weapons, personal items, and even telephone wires all were kept and used. For many days, the leaders of the home guard; General Brian Teagler, the first-in-command, and Lieutenant General Victor Harrison, who was second-in-command, would gather the troops around to plan their next strategies. Every one of the soldiers were very well aware that Christmas time was nearing, but they were also very aware, being soldiers serving their home country, that they were still shrouded in the midst of war. It was now 1942 and these men have been through so much over the past two years. Since they left England back in August, 1940, they haven't been home for Christmas in quite a while, but they never forgot about the warmth and joys of the Christmas season and the very feeling of togetherness they used to have with their family, friends and loved ones. Oh, how they missed those moments terribly! They all held on to the legitimate but somewhat cliche' saying: \"time flies when you're having fun,\" but in all truth and seriousness, they most definitely were not. To them, time itself was always taking time. Not sometimes...always. As far as they have been waiting, to them, time was as slow as a sluggishly floating bottle that held a message that never reached the shore. Then and there was when their patience had been tested so severely, most of them lost their hope. All of the soldiers, including their proud and prestigious leaders, General Teagler and Lieutenant General Harrison, have been affected by the shrouding of hopelessness, but no one was more affected than the army's very own, Professor Emelius Browne. When Mr. Browne first arrived in the army camp, without a shadow of a doubt, he had always been the light of the party (even if there hadn't been a party at all). He was never a handful to General Teagler or the other officers though it was not the easiest thing in the world to take him seriously, but he was always quite an entertainer and as they described him, he had always been a somewhat interesting man with an unusually upright personality. Even before leaving England and during their days off the battlefields, he often talked of his big dreams and his bizarre ways to enlighten people with his magic and with it, 'change the world.' Of course, the officers and recruits found his approach to life rather eccentric and unusual about him. Nevertheless, they held their judgement towards him and instead, found it to be one of the most unique and interesting characteristics they have ever seen in a soldier before. In other words, he was called a 'character,' of course, viewed in a positive point of view. At that very moment, he realized that never in his life has he felt so welcomed like he never was before. Mr. Browne was an outcast; a castaway who was shunned by society for his fraudulence. But now, he was accepted into a group he knew he could entrust his life with. It wasn't just any group...it was London's very own army of the home guard; the very army that was honored by the Lord Mayor and the King of England himself. He could never imagine himself in such an honorable position in his life; fighting in wars and risking his life to serve the nation he and the troops truly called home, but most of all, he couldn't imagine having the sense of bonded trust and loyalty they all shared with one another as the years passed by. This was truly something Mr. Browne longed for all his life. He knew that this was his calling and he knew that these officers, recruits and leaders were true companions and colleagues he could trust his whole life with, but deep in his heart, he felt that this sense of trust and brotherhood was not enough. There was still a missing piece in his heart he needed to complete his life with, and that piece was the sense of family . That's when it hit him. There were only four very important people he deeply treasured; those he knew that he truly felt were his family, and they were none other than the woman and children he left behind back home: Miss Price, Charlie, Carrie and little Paul. For many days, weeks, months and two years since he left them behind, the woman he had feelings for and the orphans who felt likes sons and a daughter to him were the first things on his mind. Mr. Browne always seemed to ask himself, \"I wonder what Eglantine and the children must be doing at this very moment...\" and he even wondered, \"Do those children still live with Eglantine?\" But the question that seemed to replay all the time was his mind constantly asking him...\"What if they forgot about you ?\" Whenever that question came up, he quickly shook his head in disbelief and told himself in a brief soliloquy, \"Come of it Emelius Browne, now why on earth would they forget about you? You practically think about them every day and every night, dawn 'til dusk, every single hard long battle...I mean, you even call them every now and then whenever you have the time, telling them that you'll be coming home to stay! But alas...you're always getting your hopes too high Emelius Browne. Oh, how on earth could you be so stupid? Who am I kidding...you aren't coming home anytime soon, it's war for goodness sake, war, you idiot! As a matter of fact, no one is coming home. You know what you are Emelius Browne? You are a dreamer ! That's what you are. A dreamer who always thinks of the impossible, then gets yourself into an immense amount of trouble because of your impertinent thoughts and ideas! When will you ever learn about the real world Emelius Browne...when will you ever learn? The answer is clear...perhaps you never will...\" Every time these thoughts got the best of him, Mr. Browne tried his best to isolate himself from the pack and even so, he became more reserved and overly introverted like he has never been before. Of course, there were many other better days that came and sometimes all of a sudden, he felt like he was getting back to normal: his old chipper self everyday with a positive outlook in life despite the horrid attacks of war. Some days he would stop and think about Miss Price and the children. Nevertheless, he has always been thankful that as long as the army was there to look after him, he was safe and secure, no matter what happened. Who knows...perhaps one day they may return home. But that very thought remained between the barrier of time and space for not only him, but the troops as well, because for a soldier's life, it was the battlefield that determined a fifty-fifty chance of life or the other. It was an early morning in the hidden British Military camp; about 7 o'clock sharp, to be exact, and two of the early risers, who happened to be their commanding officers, General Teagler and Lieutenant General Harrison, emerged from their makeshift tent and held a wake up call for the rest of the troops as they always did daily. \"Alright gentlemen! Wake up call for o'seven-hundred sharp! Emerge from your tents immediately soldiers, let's get a move on!\" Lieutenant Harrison, Teagler's second-in-command, who was much stricter and stiffer than he, hollered with a megaphone in his hands. He was much taller than General Teagler, with a set of blue coldly staring eyes and was far more stern than he was, though he has always been ultimately selfless and thoughtful about the army he worked with. There was always something questionable about this man, as he never liked talking about things of the past, especially that of the first world war, but he was a respectable soldier of a great amount of military experience, constant punctuality and integrity in his own right. Nothing could break the bond between him and his dignity. Though Lieutenant Harrison was a courteous and respectful gentleman, he always seemed to be rather stiff and reserved, saving his daily conversations with General Teagler, rather than the rest of the troop. He was quick to answering questions, but he was also a listener. A good listener as a point of fact. He was the kind of leader who was open to suggestions and opinions of other members of the army but also one who knew when to agree and disagree with them. Those were just some of the reasons many members of the military respected and admired him and at the same time, were fond of his being an authority figure. The soldiers emerged from their own miniature tents and rushed to the front of the main makeshift tent, falling in line according to ranks, doing their best to stand straight, still and tall despite their grogginess for their unusually early rising. \"Lieutenant Harrison, Sir, may I have the permission to ask you a question sir?\" one of the troops called out tiredly yet alert. The strict officer cocked his eyebrow towards the younger man, somehow wondering what all this was about and briskly nodded as he managed to keep his stern face on. \"Yes, yes, carry on Major Hyde, make sure it's relevant!\" He quickly replied with a low and loud voice. \"You see, in a rather cold and blustery day like this, with all due respect Sir, why should we be able to rise up as early as o, seven-hundred in the morning?\" the young Major politely questioned. Lieutenant Harrison cocked his eyebrow once more without a reply to his answer, instead looking to General Teagler for the proper response. \"That's a good question Major Hyde,\" the older man answered as he stepped forward in an admirable fashion,\"As chilly as the weather may seem soldier; the skies are almost perfectly dark and the sun hasn't even risen at this hour. So it's safe to say that this is the perfect timing to organize our strategies before the Jerries arrive. Thank goodness they have absolutely no clue we're here!\" The remainder of the troops looked at each other and simultaneously agreed to their admirable general's statement. It even managed to give Lieutenant Harrison a reason to show a wry sort of smile, though it wasn't full nor one that was thoroughly showing emotions. \"What a clever mind you have General,\" the lieutenant acknowledged General Teagler before getting straight to business,\"Now I do suppose it's about time to have our assembly line! Single file, men, single file!\" The troops scurried in an orderly fashion to form two parallel single file lines along the snowy ground; one for Lieutenant Harrison to investigate and the other for General Teagler to do the same. The eastern sun was just beginning to rise at the peak of the mountain side and the mist was coming in, both officers knew that they were standing on secure ground with the fog as a means of protection for their secret hideout. No matter what the weather was in a certain part of the day, both Lieutenant Harrison and General Teagler were very protective of their security and the rest of the troops, even if the mist would clear or the sun would rise right above them. Safety was the first rule in their book whether they were in the battlegrounds and even if the Jerries were nowhere in sight. General Teagler started with his line of soldiers and walked across each of them and, calling them by their names and acclaimed ranks. \"Major Hyde, Captain Greer, Seargent Caulfield...\" hollered the General as he continued to call out the names of the officers in his old, stern military voice. Each officer replied with a \"here Sir,\"or \"accounted for,\" as the Lieutenant and General went along, and it was certain that everyone was present...until one moment when Lieutenant Harrison was just about finishing the calling of attendance. \"Private \"Doctor\" Richardson!\" \"Accounted for.\" \"Colonel Williams!\" \"Right here Lieutenant!\" \"Seargent Alfred!\" \"Up an' coming guv'nor!\" \"Corporal \"Professor\" Browne...\" No reply. \"...Professor Browne!\" Once more, to no avail, there was no answer. With an even more impatient, stern look on his face, the Lieutenant began to holler much louder. \"CORPORAL \"PROFESSOR\" EMELIUS BROWNE! Have YOU no common sense man?! When an Officer gives you a call of duty, you are to immediately give an answer! Do you understand man?!\" Yelled the Lieutenant as he flung his arms in sudden anger out of his impatience. The officers and their general stared at him stiffly in a puzzled state as Lieutenant Harrison kept his stern look on his face, breathing deeply but quietly as he awaited for the delayed soldier. \"Patience, Lieutenant, patience,\" the Head General remarked calmly as he stepped towards his colleague,\"The man must be here soon enough I'm sure.\" \"Forgive me for my audacity General, but no matter what the time may be, whenever we have an officer's call of duty, everyone, must be accounted for at all costs without the case of impertinent tardiness! Therefore, it is high time he had this condition pounded into his head for the past two years! Otherwise, we're bombarding ourselves with a series of weak-linked slackers for the rest of our days!\" He reasoned fiercely in his strict demeanor,\"The King would surely not approve of that, now would he?\" \"Relax Lieutenant. Only Heaven knows what the Professor may be doing at this very moment,\" General Teagler assured as he motioned his hand to summon one of the officers towards his direction, \"Corporal Wentworth...\" A pleasant, well-groomed, slender, cockney soldier walked to General Teagler's side and calmly replied, \"Yes guv'nor, 'ow may I be of service t'day?\" \"Keep an eye on your fellow Corporal Browne and find out his whereabouts and bring him to us as soon as possible...\" \"It would even be much better if he arrived now. The man's late!\" Lieutenant Harrison added with an edge in his tone. \"Yes sir, I'll keep everythin' under control! Just don't worry 'bout me an' the old boy o'right?\" Corporal Wentworth saluted genuinely as he walked with a stride in his step towards the corporal's makeshift tent. Both Head officers stopped and exchanged looks towards each other, presuming that the eccentric and unusually tardy Professor Browne was up to something that probably none of them would expect. Meanwhile, Corporal Wentworth hustled over to one of the tents not far off from where the rest of the soldiers were. Furrowing his eyebrows, he could swear that something unusual was happening whenever it came down to dealing with Professor Browne. Indeed, the time was right to find out whatever this rather eccentric man was doing. \"Guv'nor Browne!\" he called firmly from outside the tent,\"Guv'nor Browne, what's takin' you so long to get out of our tent?! Lieutenant Harrison ain't gonna be pleased when 'e finds out why you're sleeping in!\" \"Harold...is that you?\" replied a cheerful voice coming from inside the tent. \"Of course it's me Professor! 'Oo else did you think I was, the Lord Guv'nor?!\" he said jokingly, though seriously trying his hardest to call his comrade out of the tent's shadows. \"That's very funny, Harold. Now, what are you waiting for? Come in!\" Mr. Browne hollered pleasantly, followed by a cheeky chuckle as if he was, in a way, taking his military work somewhat 'lightly' after his several years of service. The corporal rolled his eyes, shook his head and laughed, assuming that Professor Browne would probably still be lying down on his mat, with his eyes wide-open, just waiting for Lieutenant Harrison and General Teagler to catch him slacking off and scold him. With that, he tip-toed through the snowy grounds and entered the tent, expecting the very thing he thought about. But to his surprise, he saw something extremely unexpected and utterly unusual, unlike anything he has ever seen before. There was Professor Browne, not lying down, but in an upright position three feet off the ground. Around him were six long wooden poles with tight ropes in which he was bound and tied up into. This man may have been in an undeniably cheerful sort of mood, though he was in the middle of being trapped and tied with long ropes in between six sturdy poles. He greeted his military comrade with a smile, but Corporal Wentworth went jawdropped with massive hints of devastation on his face. \"Guv'nor! What's 'appened to you?!\" exclaimed the corporal with apparent worry in his voice, \"Wait a minute...it must be the Jerries...Yes! It must 'ave been the Jerries who tied you up into the stake! 'Ow on earth did they find us 'ere?!\" All the Professor did was chuckle, \"Soldiers and their exaggerated alertness...\" he thought to himself. \"It's alright Harold, I'm fine,\" Mr. Browne laughed shaking his head with the very little space he had,\"There weren't any Jerries in the area at all, there's no need to go all higgeldy-piggeldy and panic like that.\" \"Then who's done all this to you?! Tell me!\" yelled Corporal Wentworth again, with his worry written all over his face. Mr. Browne shook his head and chuckled once more. \"Don't be daft, my friend. No one's done this to me,\" he explained in a matter-of-factly manner,\"I did it! Who else would be doing this when no one's around after all?\" \"Why would you do that, Professor?! Don't you know that if all of us found out that you've been tied up 'ere like a 'elpless scarecrow, they would 'ave been worried about you an' they would 'ave thought otherwise!\" the once cheerful man turned serious and scolded his companion, \"Didn't you 'ear that your name was being called more than once o'ready?!\" \"Now, now Harold, relax old boy, I heard their call.\" Mr. Browne said calmly. \"So why didn't you answer?\" \"As a matter of fact, I was waiting for all of you to come to see me,\" he continued, \"So far you're the only one who came.\" \"Of course I came for you guv'nor! Didn't you know that we are in a middle of a duty?\" Corporal Wentworth continued to scold, \"I ain't wastin' any time anymore, now let's get you out of 'ere before the Lieutenant comes to catch our necks,\" He reached toward his belt, pulled out a knife and forced them through the thick, sturdy ropes that held Mr. Browne on the poles, still with the worried look in his eyes. Mr. Browne's eyes darted towards his comrade's action and quickly retaliated. \"Dont' cut that!\" Immediately, the corporal backed off. \"Why not cut it?\" he replied sensibly, \"You got yourself in there, you can't get yourself out, and you need some 'elp. Now come on!\" \"No, just don't cut the ropes, for goodness sake,\" Mr. Browne said, calming down. Corporal Wentworth shook his head and laughed. \"Well, alright,\" he said, putting his cutting knife down,\"If y' don't want me to cut it, then I won't cut it. But don't you think it might get a tad bit uncomfortable up there in that peculiar position?\" \"Believe me, I am very comfortable in this peculiar position, thank you,\" Mr. Browne said rather indignantly. His tedious-looking position still did not seem convincing enough to Corporal Wentworth. \"If you say so guv'nor. But mind if I ask you...why did you get yourself tied up there?\" the corporal returned to his concerned mood, looking worriedly at his unusually positioned comrade. That's when Mr. Browne's smile grew even bigger than when he first entered the tent. \"I'm glad you asked, Harold,\" he said, almost grinning, \"I know it may sound a tad bit queer to you, but I've been waiting to show you my newest project!\" \"Your...project?\" Corporal Wentworth asked, confused with his eyebrows furrowing, \"Guv'nor what's this all about? Don't tell me you being stuck up there is your newest project!\" \"As a point of fact it is my good chap!\" answered Mr. Browne confidently, shifting to more of a mystical tone in his voice, \"This is going to be the start of something new for all of us, Harold. Something unlike anything this whole army has ever been through before...\" \"I don't get it,\" his comrade replied bluntly. \"Oh, come of it Harold, don't be ridiculous! Don't you realize what good this can do?\" Just by looking at the makeshift poles Mr. Browne bound himself into, Corporal Wentworth was suddenly beginning to see things clearly now...as a matter of fact, it was evident. Professor Browne was up to his usual eccentric schemes, finding all the answers in one thing he always held onto and never let go of since he entered the army...magic. With that thought in mind, the corporal could stand it no longer. He slowly cracked a smile, then abruptly burst into laughter. \"Hahaha! Don't tell me you're gettin' yourself wrapped up into some magic trick just to get us 'ere! Y' really think tyin' yourself up is gonna get you out of the war?! You've been trying and trying for the past two years and nothing even 'appened!\" he jeered loudly. The professor was not impressed. \"Confound it, Harold! This is no funny business!\" Mr. Browne snapped, \"I'm not even trying to get myself out of the war!\" \"Then what exactly are you doing guv'nor?\" Corporal Wentworth asked, containing himself from his laughter, \"Are you trying to tell me that you're conjuring up some magic trick just for the fun of it?\" \"This isn't just a magic trick! It's an incantation ! Haven't you ever heard of those sorts of things before?\" \"Yes guv'nor, I believe I've 'eard of 'em. But what on earth are you planning to do with 'em? Is it just some way to get yourself out of the war, like the many times you've tried to before?\" he suspected. \"I already told you Harold, I'm not just trying to get myself out...I'm trying to get all of us out of this dreaded place, once and for all!\" he said more confidently. Still, Corporal Wentworth didn't seem any more convinced. \"And you seriously think that tyin' yourself up to these confounded poles with those confounded ropes are bound to sweep the 'ole lot out of this confounded place?!\" the corporal cocked his eyebrows and scoffed, pointing his index finger accusingly towards Mr. Browne, \"Y'know guv, you may be a professor and a very well trained soldier you are, I admit. But all this magic business within your years of military experience 'as made you utterly, obscenely daft ! That's right...you've become one downright daft military moron, you 'ave!\" And with that, Corporal Wentworth with his eyebrows furrowed and all signs of his usual pleasantness lost, swiftly turned his back on Mr. Browne, sweeping his boots across the light snow and abruptly thumped himself down into the tender snowy ground, crossing his arms in annoyance with his comrade. The professor on the other hand, didn't seem the slightest offended and rolled his eyes in reciprocated annoyance as if he were saying 'Fine lad, have it your way!' But once he recalled the corporal's words of how \"utterly, obscenely daft\" he had become because of all his \"magic business,\" he was suddenly taken aback by these very words spoken by his comrade and swiftly turned his head (though slightly restrained because of his being trapped within the poles' rigidity) towards the corporal, his eyebrows furrowed and his gall all very well prepared for a comeback that would come right at him like spitballs of fire coming from a Jerry (or even more so, a now offended comrade). \"Harold, you can say anything about my experience, my charm and my dignity, but you of all people, leave my magic out of this!\" Mr. Browne exclaimed almost furiously, his cheeks turning a crimson red with conviction, trembling with brewing and churning anger as he spoke, referring to magic as not merely magic, but his magic, \"You must never underestimate the laws of advanced enchantment! Not ever, you fool, you!\" \"Heh, so you're calling me a fool now are you guv'nor?\" Corporal Wentworth scoffed, turning his head back to the professor, \"After all those times I've been noticing your failed attempts to escape from the bloody camp, I see that your 'advanced enchantment' hasn't taken you further than you are now either! 'Oo's the fool now, huh guv'nor?!\" Mr. Browne refused to relent. He stood for every word he spoke of and he wasn't letting any commonplace, know-it-all corporal ruin any chances for him. Not now...not this time...not ever . He muttered under his breath at the remark of his comrade and allowed his head to droop down slowly, as if he took every single word the corporal spoke of personally. Corporal Wentworth, who he had not noticed just started laughing after his seemingly irritable comeback caught sight of the professor who seemed to drown out his conviction by the bow of his head, leapt to his feet and trudged briskly through the fluffed-up snow towards the trapped man in the makeshift contraption, a now warm smile spread across his face and his hand on the professor's shoulder. \"Now come of it guv'nor, I was only bluffin' about all that, don't take anythin' personally,\" he said with a smooth comforting tone of voice, \"It's just that I've seen you do somethin' like it before an' to tell you the truth sir, I'm afraid none of it seemed to work at the slightest. I ain't sayin' that magic is a dim-witted craft 'cause we all know that it's a well-mastered an' beautiful art that's been in your blood for 'eaven knows 'ow long, ain't that right guv? It's just that you've been conjurin' them spells up at impertinent times, is all. Y'know if there's anythin' I said that made your blood run cold besides all the snow, than I'm sorry guv'nor, truly I am.\" These words seemed to give a hint of comfort to Mr. Browne as he let out a sigh and a genuine, yet melancholic smile towards the corporal, as a way of accepting his sincere apology. \"It's quite alright Harold, it really is. It's just that magic all in itself, if spoken ill by anyone at all, seems to bring a pint of sensitivity to my system, if you know what I mean,\" he said with a heavy sigh, \"In other words, the art in itself has its tendency to bring me closer to home.\" \"Well, I knew that guv'nor,\" the corporal stated matter-of-factly, \"It's just that I didn't realize it was that close to you besides assuming it was just a 'obby an' I thought you were goin' all loony thinking it was going to solve all your problems in this 'ere war.\" \"Believe me old chap, all sorts of wars can make a lot of military folks go loony...even amateurs like myself,\" Mr. Browne admitted and agreed simultaneously. \"An' to think that I thought this was your case,\" Corporal Wentworth chuckled genuinely, gaining his pleasantness back. He decided right then and there that since it was quite early even for them as soldiers to rise up in a chilly winter's day such as this with the fog shrouding the area and a speck of sunlight rare, that he would take it easy for a moment and spend a bit of time with his closest comrade for the time being, \"So tell me guv', what makes all this magic business of yours mean so much more to you than all that travelling by foot around London doin' your local stints you call cheap?\" There was no need for the professor to wait any longer to recall anything of his past. Now was a time of immediate fond reminiscing for him and it felt even better for him to know that he could share his stories with someone he could truly trust: his new-found best friend in the military, Corporal Harold Wentworth. And even now, though tied up within his own unusually bizarre contraption, he suddenly reprised his role as the chipper and charming Emelius Browne that the army came to know and love. Now, all in all, was also his moment of sudden revelations of things he refused to share with any other member of the army, choosing his audience accordingly, although now his only audience was Corporal Wentworth and Corporal Wentworth alone. Heaven only knew if the other soldiers began to sneak off their bases to their makeshift tents out of sight from General Teagler and Lieutenant General Harrison so they could listen to the enticingly charismatic voice of the magical professor. So far, it was just they two. No one else was even in sight. \"Well...\" Mr. Browne looked up towards the sky, hoping for sudden inspiration until a few details of his rather eventful past suddenly were reeled back into his brain like a rubber band strapped to it, pulling away then fiercely snapping back into his memory, his words suddenly in their starting position to begin their dance\"...I happened to be a renowned professor and headmaster of a college many a' times ago, and it wasn't just any college. It was a college of magical arts of all kinds! All kinds, mind you! Appearance! Disappearance! Clairvoyance! Utmost intellectual brilliance! Transformation!You could even defy the very laws of gravity before your very eyes! Nothing more and nothing less.\" Corporal Wentworth's eyes widened and his jaw dropped in unadulterated fascination, his whole expression aping his comrade's every word and every suddenly flamboyant gesture. \"Of course, all of the spells weren't of my original material, for I, admittedly so, was nothing but a simple man trying to find his place in the world by studying my own lessons and putting the simplest pedestrian and often insignificant and overlooked tricks into action in the streets of London...oh how they despised me! I can still remember the way the crowds walked out on me almost every single time because of all the petty tricks I've tried. Then and there, I decided to shape up my act and research on far more legitimate spells I could conjure up and eventually, with a reasonable amount of practice and determination, present them to the public. Now, back to my career in the college, I did offer private lessons, I did. Quite legitimate ones for the record, actually.\" \"Well now that you bring it up, speakin' of your private lessons in the college guv', 'ow many pupils applied for it?\" \"Not a lot as a point of fact,\" he sighed, though taking the subject lightly, \"That's why I decided to close down the college for good. But a ray of hope suddenly came to me that while I was on the brink of foreclosing the school, through a letter sometime during the early days of the war, two years ago in fact, saying that they were interested in taking up a full-on course as a way of supporting the war effort.\" \"Hmm...quite a queer reason to apply, I should say,\" Corporal Wentworth thought out loud, without gaining the attention of his comrade. \"Of course, there was no time for me to re-open the college because the war had just begun by then, but through the wonders of written mail did I offer to give this particular, and only pupil, private self-taught lessons from time to time. Time and time again, I sent this pupil letters, handwritten spells and all the paraphernalia necessary to equip this person with just the right amount of knowledge to master. Mind you, this pupil of mine wrote back to me, requesting that I send another rather important spell to help with this person's very purpose of attempting to use magic secretly for the war effort. Unfortunately, I couldn't send that particular spell due to the foreclosure of my college, I could only give the pupil as much as I could offer.\" \"Poor lad, 'e was. 'Is professor refraining from giving 'im the most important spell 'e needed to support the war effort? Wot a shame!\" the corporal exclaimed, half-joking the professor. Once Mr. Browne heard that Corporal Wentworth referred to his particular pupil as a lad, he couldn't help but let out a sudden chuckle that swiftly turned into laughter, causing the corporal to look at him with a befuddled, cocked eyebrow; a look that asked the man \"what's so funny about that?\" \"Don't be silly Harold, that pupil of mine wasn't a man...\" his voice trailed off as his thoughts turned to the first time he met this particular pupil he brought up so fondly as he spoke, stifling a blush but releasing a smile upon his lips, \"...she was a woman.\" Corporal Wentworth's eyes widened once more, but this time in surprise. 'A woman?! Using magic lessons to secure 'er spot in the war effort?! Blimey, that's preposterous!\" He thought of saying out loud, but refused as to avoid the same small slip he made with his first conversation about magic with the professor and instead let him carry on. \"Oi, a woman you say, hmm?\" \"Yes indeed Harold...\" he drawled dreamily, although he immediately snapped his attention span right back into his story, \"But mind you, she wasn't just any woman! She was so strikingly keen, enthusiastic, relentless, determined, bewitching that she even used the travelling spell I managed to include to send her off on a travelling bed all the way to London just so that she could pursue my presence in search of that much-needed spell for her advantage.\" \"I see...tell me guv', was she... beautiful ?\" the corporal chuckled as he spoke in such a teasing manner, nudging one of the poles in the contraption, causing Mr. Browne to snap back into the attention of his comrade as he tried to stifle a blush once again. \"You see I didn't know it at the time until I first laid eyes on her when she came to me, desperate for my aid on her predicament. Her name is Miss Eglantine Price...a most rare and ravishing name, if I must say so myself. She wasn't alone you know,\" he continued with his story in such a fond and enthusiastically engaging tone in order to keep his friend from tuning out at any moment, especially about Miss Price, \"She took three children with her as their legal guardian in custody during the war. A charming lot they were. Of course, it took quite a heap of persuasion for her to get me to show her the Substitutiary Locomotion spell she needed-the one that allows all inanimate objects to come to life on command, until I finally agreed when she transformed me into a white fluffy rabbit! Aughh, of all creatures she could have turned me into, she chose such a cheeky little furball.\" Mr. Browne scrunched up his nose and furrowed his brows disgustedly whenever the very thought of himself being transformed into a nose-twitching, fluffy animal came into mind. The first and second times he was transformed into a rabbit was just one of those memories that he probably wished to forget out of the entire experience. The way he brought it up, however, proved humorous to the corporal, allowing him to release a lighthearted chuckle, of course, with a hint of teasing as he always supplied. \"So that's 'ow the woman got to you, eh guv'? Guess now I should've known that the proper way to a man's 'eart is through his furball!\" \"Oh, good riddance Harold!\" Mr. Browne stretched his left arm out and slapped the corporal in his back to keep him from laughing boisterously, then turning back to his pleasantness while continuing his story, clearing his throat, \"As I was saying, there was a book that once held the magic spell of her desire-like I said-Substitutiary Locomotion. It so turned out that the words of the spell were missing, as was the other half of this ancient piece of literature.\" With eagerness and enthusiasm, Mr. Browne continued on, telling his fascinated comrade about the misadventures he shared with Miss Price and the three young rascals yet sweethearts of children, from the suspenseful encounter with the threatening bookman to the sudden bed-travelling escapade all the way to the depths of the beautiful briny sea in the Isle of Naboombu. He even vividly described his grueling and painful, ear-pounding, body-trampling, stampeding experience as a volunteer to the animal soccer match with the king as the dominant host and how he, Miss Price and the children spotted the Star of Astoroth with the very desired words of the spell upon his neck and how he tried his best to pursue it much to the distraction of the king during the sporting event. He spoke adventurously particularly of the discovery the furious king made when he realized that his \"royal star\" had been stolen by the \"human intruders\" to Naboombu and how it was Miss Price who garnered the fast-paced thought of transforming into a powerless rabbit that lost all signs of ferocity. When it came to trying out the spell for the first time, he explained the impossibility of carrying imaginary objects from one world into another when he found out that the star disappeared and how Miss Price began to feel hopeless for forgetting the very words that would have changed the course of the war on her terms, until little Paul-their adorable \"little savior\"-as he referred to him, found the words of the spell on his children's book of the Isle of Naboombu, restoring the stirred excitement to Miss Price and the rest of the children and the professor himself. Professor Browne then spoke, adding a fair amount of humor and dialogue to the first-ever legitimate attempt of the Substitutiary Locomotion spell, refusing to say the words out loud in the camp as it would conjure up any inanimate objects to respond, telling him about how every single object in Miss Price's possession responded to her words and eventually made a huge mess out of things in her office, even managing to frighten the poor young vicar away from her doorstep. While being careful not to include all the details of his story, especially the most personal ones, he left out the part about his stroll to the village with Charlie and meeting up with Mrs. Hobday who suggested he should marry Miss Price as soon as possible. What he didn't leave out, however, was his melancholic, heartfelt and emotional good-byes he shared with the children and Miss Price, realizing then and there that he cared about those youngsters like a father even though it had only been less than two days of knowing them and had romantic and somewhat intimate feelings for the woman before leaving for his military duties that now, he is fulfilling at the moment. In fact, he even told him that he cared so much about the children and Miss Price that when he saw the Jerries cutting off the wiring telephone signals at the train station, he hurried back to her home in Pepperinge Eye, assuming that they have been captured, even risking his life to rescue them himself, fortunately by transforming himself into a nice white rabbit as a disguise. He spoke most fondly about the climax of his story, especially how Miss Price finally decided to conjure up the spell upon multitudes of ancient museum exhibits to combat invincibly against the Jerries for the glory of England once and for all, signifying that he was proud of her all in all. This was truly a moment in his life that he would never forget. \"It's quite unfortunate that the Times couldn't recognize her efforts, but it was best kept a secret among a few of us in the neighborhood just to protect her esteemed reputation and identity, just so that the government and the crown themselves wouldn't go so far as to conduct a man-hunt towards her because of the magic she used upon all this,\" he explained earnestly, \"It's about time they put this controversy on magic to rest and recognize her, or I dare say, honor her for her wholehearted service. That's among what I admire most about her, old chap...her spunk, her determination, her patriotism, her loyalty, her wonderful soul and beautiful heart...all I'm missing right now is her presence.\" The compelled corporal noticed a frown of melancholy grace his friend's face, his head bowing down as he thought about how long and how far away he has been from the woman he cared about all this time. He then placed his hand upon Mr. Browne's shoulder, squeezing it for consolation and mustered up a smile meant just for him. \"You really miss her...don't you guv'?\" Mr. Browne nodded in all honesty and seriousness, followed by a sigh. \"She and the children...more than you know, Harold, more than you know...especially in this time of year.\" \"And if I dare say guv'...you do love her, don't you?\" This time, Mr. Browne wasn't taken aback by his remark nor a blush or anything. All he felt was a sudden tug on his heartstrings, as if his ribs were a guitar and the sweetest chord had just been strummed across his chest. He then turned to his only companion and without a moment's hesitation, nodded in complete sincerity. \"I always have, Harold,\" he said simply, mustering up a smile when he began to think about her, \"What else can I say, old chap? She was, and still is, my muse back home .\" A/N: And I'm finally done with this chapter after a year and a half of waiting to complete this, can you all believe it? I know I can't...I started this story back in late 2012 and now I'm finding myself continuing it almost two years later. I suppose that's just how writer's block works, haha. Now that you've finished this chapter, all I really would like to know is... What did you think of it? Did you like it? Do you think it could have been a bit better? Do you have any more suggestions for this story? Just leave a REVIEW, please! I would really appreciate it very much. This chapter is an advanced Christmas gift to you all, even though it's in two-month's time. I promise to try to get the fifth chapter updated as soon as possible (and this time, it WON'T be a year and a half-long wait, that I CAN promise). For now, please tell me what you think and remember...no flames please! Have a lovely day, you lovely people, ~ASianSuccessor2012 ","Summary":" Summary: It's Christmas Time 1942 in Pepperinge Eye and it's Charlie, Carrie and Paul's first Chris"},{"Movie":"A Christmas Story","Title":"Un cuento de Navidad","Author":"Makyfics","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12820434","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Un cuento de navidad El castillo mgico de Santa Claus brillaba magnficamente con destellos dorados, naranjas y verdes, destacndose entre la blancura de los copos de nieve que caan constantemente. Adentro, un hombre alto y corpulento estaba sentado en un sof rojo, hablando con un duende. La chimenea con lea al lado de ellos crepitaba produciendo un sonido acogedor. El sonido de un clido hogar. - Seor Claus -dijo el duende con vos gangosa -faltan pocos das para la Navidad y nosotros los duendes queremos tener el honor de llevar los regalos a los nios. - Eso no es posible - respondi el hombre - debo ser yo quien lo haga todos los aos, porque los nios estn esperando que sea Santa Claus quien les dejen los regalos que ellos han pedido. Los nios preparan el pesebre, los zapatos, la comida, y hasta se desvelan toda la noche esperando mi llegada. Qu sucedera si no voy? Adems, ellos podran asustarse mucho con la presencia de los duendes. - Los nios piensan que los duendes no existimos porque nunca nos vieron. Es importante para nosotros que ellos sepan de nuestra existencia, y que no somos malos como muchos piensan - insisti el pequeo duende  - Lo siento mucho mi pequeo amigo Kratos, comprendo que tus motivos son nobles pero este tema est terminado -dijo Santa Claus levantndose del silln y dando por finalizada la conversacin- Ahora, si me disculpas, tengo cosas que hacer. Falta poco tiempo para la Navidad y todos los preparativos deben ser hechos. - Comprendo -respondi el duende con voz decepcionada y levantndose tambin- Adis dijo despidindose y saliendo de all ponindose un sombrero verde que tena una gran hebilla en el medio. Al salir a la calle otros tres duendes que estaban escondidos atrs de unos rboles se acercaron a l - Que te dijo? - Pregunt Jeezel - Lo mismo de siempre. Se neg rotundamente  dijo Kratos moviendo la cabeza negativamente  - El nunca nos dejar afirm Bartok  - Por qu no lo hacemos nosotros mismos sin que Santa se entere? Sugiri Alfie Todos los dems duendes lo miraron, sorprendidos Alfie estaba encantado y sorprendido de ser el centro de atencin y que los dems escucharn atentamente lo que deca. l era el ms pequeo y el ms travieso de todos. - Qu tienes en mente? -Le pregunt Kratos  - Podemos esperar a que Santa se duerma, y robar los regalos. Si nosotros los repartimos los nios quedarn encantados con nosotros, y Santa ver que somos capaces de hacer el trabajo. Incluso el prximo ao el mismo nos encargar a nosotros el reparto. Todos los dems duendes estuvieron de acuerdo con la idea, y se acercaron a Alfie para preparar el plan. Al da siguiente Santa se despert muy temprano y fue a donde estaba el depsito de regalos para verificar que todo estuviera en orden. Sus pasos eran lentos y pausados debido al sobrepeso de su prominente barriga. Su barba blanca estaba perfectamente acicalada y pulcra. Su traje rojo y sus botas negras estaban relucientes. Al llegar, sus ojos se agrandaron con gran sorpresa cuando vio que faltaban los regalos. Lo nico que haba en el lugar vaco era un sombrero verde con una gran hebilla en el medio. Santa comprendi de inmediato lo que haba sucedido. - No puedo perder tiempo -pens -tengo que llamar a mis tres amigos humanos para que me ayuden a resolver este problema. Los tres hermanos eran adolescentes de 17, 18, y 19 aos respectivamente. Cuando eran nios haban sido los nicos en todo el mundo que pudieran ver a Santa Claus cuando haba bajado por la chimenea para dejar los regalos. Como premio Santa los haba llevado a su castillo mgico revelndoles el lugar exacto en donde viva. Los hermanos le haban jurado lealtad y jams le haban revelado a nadie sobre lo sucedido, convirtindose en los nicos amigos humanos que tena Santa Claus. Cuando se enteraron de lo sucedido Mike, Kevin, and Toby acudieron presurosos al llamado del hombre que representaba la misma Navidad. - Les dar dos de mis nueve renos, sern suficientes para la misin. Yo no puedo ir porque debo usar la magia de los renos solamente en Navidad. Blitzen los llevar velozmente al pasado para que puedan regresar en el tiempo e impedir el robo de los duendes. Y Rudolph los traer al presente de nuevo - As es como logras repartir todos los regalos navideos? Pregunt Kevin - As es - respondi Santa  gracias a Blitzen puedo volver unos minutos atrs en el tiempo y dejar todos los regalos a la misma hora. - Qu maravilla  dijo Toby acariciando al reno. Los tres jvenes subieron al trineo de Santa y tras decirle a Blitzen el lugar y la hora aproximada a donde tenan que ir le dieron un pequeo tirn con la rienda de oro a la que estaba sujeto. De inmediato aparecieron en el mismo lugar, algunas horas antes. - bien, vamos escondernos y esperar -dijo Mike  Despus de un rato vieron cmo Kratos sala de la casa de Santa y se reuna con otros duendes. - Estn confabulando el robo, seguramente - Debemos esperar a que salgan con las bolsas de regalos. Si los atrapamos ahora negarn todo. Despus de un par de horas vieron cmo los duendes entraban silenciosamente y salan cargando unas bolsas muy grandes. - Ahora es el momento - susurr Mike- Los tres jvenes rodearon a los duendes, quienes soltaron las bolsas dando un chillido de miedo, espantados de ver a los tres jvenes humanos. - Que creen que estn haciendo? - Grit Toby -levantando en el aire a uno de los duendes con sus dos manos - los otros dos muchachos tambin atraparon a los dems, quienes chillaron an ms fuerte, muy asustados - No nos hagan dao favor -suplic uno de ellos  - No queremos lastimarlos, pero tendrn que explicar por qu estn haciendo esto. Kratos les cont el motivo por el que haban tomado esa decisin, y despus de conversar un rato los duendes se dieron cuenta que estaban equivocados y accedieron a devolver los regalos. - Bien hecho - dijo Mike  con una sonrisa de aprobacin. - Con quin suelen pasar la Navidad? -Pregunt  Toby - Con nosotros mismos. Santa est muy ocupado siempre, y nosotros debemos quedarnos en la Villa de los Duendes. - Les gustara pasar la Navidad con nosotros, en nuestra casa?  invit Kevin. Los otros dos muchachos asintieron con una sonrisa. - Si, nos gustara mucho que se unan a nosotros!  Agreg Mike muy entusiasmado - Los duendes abrieron los ojos muy grandes por la sorpresa, y empezaron a saltar de alegra. - Claro que iremos dijeron - Los tres muchachos se sentan felices tambin. Les indicaron a los duendes a donde vivan, y le dijeron que los esperaban para el da de Navidad. Se despidieron de ellos indicando que deberan volver al presente y devolver el trineo a Santa. Los tres muchachos subieron al trineo, y tiraron de la rienda de Rudolph. Haban podido completar la misin, y Santa los haba felicitado, quedado muy satisfecho. Los das pasaron y cuando lleg el tan esperado da de Navidad, los tres muchachos esperaban ansiosos la visita de los duendes. Afuera estaba nevando intensamente - crees que vendrn?  Pregunt Mike  - Por supuesto que s, aqu estamos -respondi una voz gangosa desde atrs de su silln- sobresaltndolo. Los cuatro duendes salieron de los escondites, y los tres muchachos les dieron la bienvenida con una gran alegra. - Nos alegramos mucho que estn aqu - Feliz Navidad! - Feliz Navidad! -Respondieron los pequeos duendes - los estbamos esperando  dijo Toby - tenemos regalos para ustedes - De verdad? - Para m tambin? Dijo Jeezel emocionndose y con lgrimas en sus ojos. Era la primera vez que un chico humano le ofreca un regalo. Alfie se son la nariz sonoramente, y despus agradeci el regalo con una gran sonrisa. Kratos, estaba encantado, y sacndose su sombrero de duende se puso el gorro de lana con una gran alegra. Afuera de la casa unos nios pasaban cantando: \" Jingle bells, jingle bells, Jingle all the way; Oh! what fun it is to ride In a one-horse open sleigh\" Falta una hora para la medianoche  dijo Kevin prendiendo el televisor  Los duendes quedaron fascinados con ese aparato, y Alfie se adelant a toda carrera y lo apag. Esto hizo que los tres muchachos se rieran mucho. Kevin volvi a prenderlo con el control remoto. Alfie en cuanto lo vio prendido fue corriendo y volvi a pagarlo \"Esto es divertido humano\" -dijo chillando de felicidad- - Parece que nos perderemos la cuenta regresiva de la medianoche  dijo Mike lanzando una carcajada  - No me importa, esto es genial, me encanta tenerlos aqu agreg Toby - rindose tambin Un gran gato blanco que era de la familia cruz rpidamente la habitacin y se subi arriba de la alta chimenea. Bartok lo sigui con la vista atentamente murmurando algo que sonaba a \"te voy a atrapar\" - Muy bien  dijo Kevin - que levante la mano el que quiera una taza de leche con chocolate! - Yo! Gritaron todos, incluidos los cuatro duendes La noche transcurri entre canturreos de villancicos, bromas, y un sinfn de travesuras que hacan los duendes. Todos estuvieron de acuerdo en que esa fue la mejor noche de Navidad que haban tenido en toda su vida. The End. ","Summary":" Un cuento de navidad El castillo mgico de Santa Claus brillaba magnficamente con destellos dorado"},{"Movie":"A Christmas Story","Title":"Skimour fucking dies","Author":"mudkip to ashes","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13091024","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was a dark and stormy night and principal skinner was driving to superintendent Seymour's traphouse. \"Haha wow I made it to ur house without ur gay directions fagit xddd Lmoa now get on your hand and knees and be primaries to git fucking destroyd\" said principal skinnor. Not even in the house, Seymour took out a quick crack cokasmoka and said \"haheeheehaa I think ur I tha wrong bikthc, no u\" and then like magic proncispal skimmer got down on his hands and knees and ate Seymour's pp. \"ooh ahh ouchie\" said skinner. He then fri*cking died of loss-of-pp disease. Now with seamur was ded, principal skinner then was able to pick up his body and bring it to his house. As he arrived at the front door of his home at 36 mountain street, New Jersey, 11683, he brought Seymour?'S body in to the hole. He gently fucking smashed the thing into it and waited for the greenmen to come. One by one they began popping out of the hole like buggers, trying to get a piece of semo's sexy bod, and while they had their guards down, principal then began harvesting them for his supper. In just 3 gulps, he had devoured all 62 of the greenmen and shall now live to rule the Soviet western front once more. Wait Frick! But did you see it? On the side of the greenmen it said that each one held at LEAST 9000 CALORIES EACH!!! That's unhealthy. Now principal skinner instantly died of too many diabetes inhalation. Death.i will End you now go home ","Summary":" It was a dark and stormy night and principal skinner was driving to superintendent Seymour's trapho"},{"Movie":"A Christmas Story","Title":"Christmas story 2 different version","Author":"Lar7","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12262382","Passage":"[Chapter 1] One year later: Ralphie want a new thing for Christmas and it call red Ryder pocket knife for Christmas but he got in trouble shooting everything. Mrs. Parker has enough with the shooting and told Ralphie we go to the aunt's house for Christmas. They eat breakfast at morning but Mrs. Parker told Ralphie you just to wear the pink bunny suit at school but Ralphie didn't want too wear it. Mrs. Parker say with you not choose to wear your pink bunny suit and I will hide your gun. Ralphie has no choice to wear the pink bunny suit at school and he go up stairs to get dress in his pink bunny suit for school. Ralphie say randy is lucky to stay home from school because he got sick and he wish he will be sick to avoid this embarrassing thing he just to wear to school. Ralphie put his winter gear on and Mrs. Parker give Ralphie a note for the teacher. Ralphie see his new friend name Tim and Tim ask why you wear that pink bunny suit at school? Ralphie say I just to wear this stupid thing to school because my mom hide my gun and has no choice to wear it. So they go to school and Ralphie give the note to miss shield why he just to wear the pink bunny suit and the teacher agree. The school day is over but plan change because a huge snowstorm at the aunt's house and the family has a new dream for vacation. So they eat dinner and get ready for bed but Ralphie forget to change out of his pink bunny suit and fell a sleep. They wake up late and hurry up to get ready but Ralphie still wear the pink bunny suit on. Mrs. Parker told Ralphie leave it on because we not has enough time to get dress. The family rush to the car to get to a flight but they forget to bring Ralphie's suitcase. Mrs. Parker say sorry to Ralphie but you just to stay in the pink bunny suit for two weeks vacation. Ralphie say oh this going be very embarrassing vacations day. On the flight Ralphie still in his pink bunny suit and he was thinking is rough day at school because some kid make fun at him. The flight make a detour to South Dakota and mr. Parker is mad because he wanted a perfect vacation in a log cabin in Montana. Mr Parker say everything is ruined because we about miss the flight, Ralphie forget his suitcase, Ralphie only clothes is the pink bunny suit, and the flight make a detour. Ralphie say it not going be bad wearing this stupid thing for two week but thing get worse the zipper part of the bunny suit came off. Ralphie can't take off the pink bunny suit off because pink mittens hand. So the Parker family going visit different places each day until it over. Ralphie thinking the vacation with his family could be embarrassing but he could be wrong. Everything he did in his pink bunny suit but the skinky and it need a wash. He visits he places like by Rushmore and crazy horse. Ralphie learn his lesson to be a good boy this but he got what he wanted for Christmas red Ryder pocket knife and he got his gun back. the end. ","Summary":" One year later: Ralphie want a new thing for Christmas and it call red Ryder pocket knife for Chris"},{"Movie":"A Christmas Story","Title":"Hoagies, Heroes and Subs Oh My!","Author":"Random Guise","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12745281","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hoagies, Heroes and Subs Oh My! Miss Shields stood in front of the class. \"Class, last week I gave you an assignment to make up a story about how a sandwich saved your life because I thought it would a fun thing to do after the Christmas holiday. Today you get to either read it or tell it to the rest of the class; remember, using your imagination is the important thing so it doesn't have to be fancy or long. Let's start off withJoseph.\" Joseph stood. \"I can't read mine because I have Larry-jitus.\" \"That's laryngitis,\" said Miss Shields \"and since you said that so well, you don't have it. Please read your story.\" \"I forgot it at home. Can I read it tomorrow?\" he begged. \"Yes, but you'll only get half credit for it. How about you, Susan?\" A curly-haired girl stood after Joseph sat. \"I was with my family at the zoo one day when a big tiger jumped out of its cage and came runing toward us. I threw my sandwich at the tiger and he ate it, but he started choking on a pimento and that gave the zookeeper time to get him back in the cage.\" \"Very good Susan, I bet that tiger will think twice before getting out of his cage again, especially when you're around. David, how about you?\" \"I don't like pimentos either\" he said, standing. \"No, I mean your story.\" \"Oh. I was being chased down the sidewalk by Scut Farkus because I wouldn't give him my milk money. He was getting closer, but when I ran by Sam's Deli the big 'Hot sandwiches' sign fell down and hit Scut on the head. I was able to get away and now he doesn't remember anything about the accident or why he was chasing me.\" \"I remember that\" Miss Shields said, winking slyly. \"You should never bully someone else. Nancy?\" It was Nancy's turn. \"I used to be a spy during the summer. One day I was being held prisoner in an old farm. I tied a rescue note to a pigeon's leg and it brought the army to come get me.\" \"But what about the sandwich?\" Miss Shields asked. \"I used the sandwich to get the pigeon to come close so I could tie the note on his leg\" she explained. \"Pigeons always like peanut butter and jelly. They don't like pimentos either.\" The class giggled. \"You want to know a secret?\" Miss Shields announced in a hushed whisper to the class. \"I don't rally like them that well myself. Flick, your turn.\" Flick stood and practically shouted. \"I was flying with Charles Lindberg in a hot air balloon over Mt. Everest. As we got close to the top of the mountain I saw that we were going to crash into it and Mr. Lindberg was getting really worried. I looked around for something to throw out to make the balloon lighter and saw a sandwich and a sandbag, so I threw the sandwich out. The balloon got lighter and we flew over the top and into Japan.\" \"Uh Flick, I don't think Japan is near Mt. Everest. Why didn't you throw the sandbag over instead?\" Flick grinned at his audience. \"Because I don't like pimentos either.\" The class roared. \"All right class\" Miss Shields called, trying to get control of the students again. \"I think we should stop picking on those pimentos now. What is your story Grace?\" A tall girl told her story. \"My family was taking a trip on a big boat when it ran into a floating box. It put a hole in the boat and it was going to sink with all the water coming in. I took my sandwich and stuck it in the hole so it stopped the water and we didn't drown.\" \"That's very good thinking; we're glad to have such a smart person with us today. Mark, how did a sandwich save your life?\" \"I was in Johnson's Hardware store when a masked man came in and tried to rob the place while holding a gun. I snuck up behind him and hit him over the head with a sandwich to knock him out until the police came.\" \"What kind of sandwich could do that?\" Miss Shields asked. \"A CLUB sandwich\" Mark announced with great satisfaction. \"Oh Mark, that is a very bad pun. Annie, what did you come up with?\" \"I got a really bad disease from a doorknob and the doctor said I was going to die. My mom gave me a sandwich for my last meal, but it had something growing inside called penicillin that cured me.\" \"Penicillin is a new medicine that doctors think will help us get better when we're really sick\" Miss Shields explained to the class. \"Maybe you can grow up and help discover new medicines too, Annie. Now let's hear from Swartz.\" Swartz stood. \"My old man told me to go down to the deli and get him a sandwich or he'd throttle me, so I did.\" \"That wasn't very nice of him to say that\" Miss Shields gasped. \"But how did it save your life?\" \"You ever been throttled by my old man?\" Swartz bragged. \"Dear me no. That's enough of that story. Betty?\" The smallest girl in the class stood. \"A hurricane came through town and was blowing everything away. It started to pick me up and I grabbed onto a really big sandwich my mom made for dad's lunch.\" \"A hurricane? In Indiana?\" Miss Shields asked for clarification. \"Sure. It doesn't happen very much, that's why it surprises people when it does. So anyway, the sandwich made me heavy enough to stay on the ground; otherwise I might have been blown all the way to the moon.\" \"Good thing you grabbed onto it Betty.\" A few more students either forgot or didn't do their assignment. Finally Miss Shields ended with \"And now I just have to hear from Ralphie. What's your story?\" Raphie stood up. \"Ahem. How a sandwich saved my life, by Ralphie Parker. Onceuponatimeinthe\" \"Ralphie, take a deep breath and slow down please.\" Ralphie did as requested. \"Once upon a time in the old west where I was the deputy in the town of Rockville, a dancer from the biggest saloon in town came into the jail and told the sheriff that Black Bart and his gang were hiding in a cave just outside of town. The sheriff didn't think he could capture all of the gang because there were 47 of them and only two of us, so he sent me to ride to Stone City to get the U.S. Calvary to help us.\" \"It's Cavalry Ralphie. Calvary is something else\" Miss Shields corrected. \"Sorry. To get the U.S. Cavalry I mean. So I grabbed my trusty Red Ryder rifle and a canteen of water and rode away. I called my rifle 'Old Blue', and it had a compass so I knew which way I was going. After a couple hours my horse tripped on a snake and we fell down; afterward he got up and ran back towards home by himself. I had to make it to get the Cavalry so I started walking. I met a family that was on the side of the trail while the father was fixing a flat on their covered wagon. I couldn't stop to help, because I was really tired and hungry. The only food they had left was one sandwich; they gave it to me so that I could get help and bring in Black Bart, who they heard was a really mean person. I ate the sandwich, and it gave me enough strength to run 15 miles to the town and get help. We went back and arrested the whole gang and put them in jail. Without that sandwich I probably would have died or had to eat cactus.\" \"What about the family in the wagon?\" \"They were fine. They were stuck for a long time because they lost the lug nuts in the dirt until they found them again. When they made it into town the sheriff was so happy he gave them another sandwich from the saloon.\" \"Ralphie, that was some story you made up. I think maybe someday you might become a writer yourself.\" And he did. The End A/N: I love A Christmas Story, but other things must have happened during the rest of the school year. I'm ignoring the sequel they made, much like Ralphie discarded the idea of a football for a Christmas gift. With the rest of the school year to work with, I thought of another assignment the class could participate in after the events of the movie. They had to get back to school sometime . ","Summary":" Hoagies, Heroes and Subs Oh My! Miss Shields stood in front of the class. \"Class, last week I gave"},{"Movie":"A Christmas Story","Title":"Letter","Author":"TheStrangeFreakyMentalWriter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8625089","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dear Santa Clause, I know this letter is coming to you a little early this year. But! There is a reason. So hear me out. During that whole time I was asking you for that B.B. gun. Well not just you... I was asking my family, your helpers, and even to people who are just your equal. Santa, this year was the hardest I have ever tried to get you to listen. All while you were giving me warnings, that sometime soon, that toy would get me in the end. \"You'll poke yourself in the eye, boy.\" For what my friend, Flick, got dared to stick his tongue to a frozen pole. I know for a fact from stories, that your pal, Jack Frost, made that poll twice as cold as it should be. There was a knocking at the door. Not even giving the writer enough time to respond back, as the door started to open. \" Ralphie, what you doing in your room?\" \" I thought I could get ahead of the Christmas rush and start my list early.\" \" Can't you wait until New Year's Eve starts?\" \" I think if you knew why, mommy; you'd be on my side for this.\" His mother let a little laugh slip through her lips. Then shaking her head for whatever was going on in his. \" Fine, but be done for dinner. Your father is coming home early from work.\" \" Okay.\" Saying as he waved to her goodbye as the door closed. \"Now, where was I...\" The Little Orphan Annie pin was also another warning. You were showing that not everything is great as others say it is. For shame on me. But I forgive you. I won't blame you for the bullies. Seeing that they are like that all year round. I won't even ask you do something to them. And, I won't also. And for the other things that happen. I take full blame for. \" Ralphie! You got ten minutes!\" Hearing his mother voice from outside the door. \" Okay!\" He yelled and went back to writing. So, yeah... The bad words that were said. Random dogs eating the turkey and having the family go eat duck. \" That still had its head. But I won't add that.\" The family fights. And of course, the one thing that had scar my brain for life. The bunny suite. In short to what I am trying to say is, that I want the nest year to be smooth. Or less bumpy. I will take either one. For a toy? Anything boy-like. Nothing that will put an eye out or for others to think I can't handle it. So any toy is fine. But, if I say anything for a certain toy. Make it so my brother and me can play together with it. The fighting we had before. I don't want it to repeat. Same with my father. Anything we can bond over is also fine. I hope you get this soon, from a young boy who believes' in you. From, Ralphie Parker. \" Ralphie, dinner time!\" \" Coming mommy!\" Moving from his bed, going over to a small table for an envelope. Slipping the letter in it. Back on the table with it seal. Needing only a stamp and it was off to mail. The End. ","Summary":" Dear Santa Clause, I know this letter is coming to you a little early this year. But! There is a re"},{"Movie":"A Christmas Story","Title":"Jack Frost is kidnnaped","Author":"Stardustlover","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11466671","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A loud yell filled the room. Jack tumbled to the ground. His body ached from hours of non-stop beating. His once merry eyes were red and swollen from the crying. Jack's loud funny voice was gone. In its place was a scratchy whispering sound from the yelling. \"P-Please, s-stop!\" Jack pleaded. He was afraid the hard blows that landed on his body would end up by killing him. \"Oh Jack, don't you see what I want?\" Pitch said landing another hard blow on the boy's back. Letting out another cry, Jack looked up curiously. \"Fear Jack!\" Pitch yelled in amusement. \"Your fear is helping me get stronger!\" Saying this, he hit Jack one more time before walking away. \"Oh, and by the way, we'll have a surprise waiting for your friends.\" Jack's head shot up. His eyes widened. \"N-No! D-Don't hurt them P-Pitch!\" Jack was so weak, it came out sounding more like a whisper. The though of the boogie man hurting his friends was horrifying. Pitch just laughed at the winter spirit's pleads. As usual, as Pitch walked away, Jack's chains loosened, but not enough to help Jack. Still thinking, he curled into a ball in a corner. Suddenly, a big racket came from the doors. The boy looked up. There, in the middle of the room, stood the guardians. \"Jack!\" they all cried. They started running toward him. Jack tried to warn them away, but found he could not. Just as they got near him, a big door of iron bars slid across, separating the guardians from Jack. Tooth shook the door angrily. Pitch appeared beside the boy, Jack's staff in hand. \"Looking for this?\" he said with a grin. He gave Jack a smack on the side. Jack let out a cry. \"Leave him alone, Pith!\" North cried. \"Fine\" responded Pitch. With that, he broke Jack's staff in half. Pain burst through Jack's body. He fell down on his knees as he heard he's friend cries. Then it all went black. Chapter 2 \"Jack!\" Tooth and the other guardians cried. As Pitch disappeared, the iron bar door slid open. They all ran toward him. Tooth leaned down beside him. She felt his bruised hand. \"It is colder than normal.\" she said checking to see if there was a heartbeat. There was. \"He's alive!\" she announced joyful. \"But not for long.\" North said. \"I'm afraid that without his staff, he will lose his power.\" Sandman made a exclamation mark on his head. \"But Jack in the only one able to fix it!\" cried Bunny. Sandman suddenly walked in front of them. \"Let's check his room.\" Tooth read out. North's face lit up. \"Of course! Pitch must have wanted to take Jack for some reason.\" \"Good idea\" agreed Tooth. Bunny and Sandy nodded. While the guardians rode North's sled, Tooth kept watching over Jack. When they got to Santa's workshop, they placed Jack in his bed. Then, they started looking for clues. \"Jack would have totally froze us if he found us doing this!\" said Bunny. \"Agree\" responded North. \"Hey, look what I found!\" Tooth called. They all went to were Tooth was. In the wall was what seemed to be a secret compartment. Inside was a little box covered in frost. \"It must have been touched by Jack not long ago. It's all covered in frost!\" cried North. When they opened the box, they found a map leading to a lake. \"There is were Jack must fix his staff.\" said Tooth. The map showed different mountains and rivers. In the middle was the lake. It staid frozen all year. \"We must leave at once.\" said North. \"Before it is to late.\" The guardians started preparing for the trip, thinking of all of the joyful times they had spent with Jack. Chapter 3 ","Summary":" A loud yell filled the room. Jack tumbled to the ground. His body ached from hours of non-stop beat"},{"Movie":"A Christmas Story","Title":"A Christmass Short","Author":"Ashton-C-Knight","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12446196","Passage":"[Chapter 1] M Rudolph's diary Dec 1st to 25th onday 1st December Today we started the Christmas preparations with Big C (or Father Christmas to you). All of the elves got very annoyed when Little C (Big C's little brother) accidentally knocked over a monumental pile of presents on to the floor. We now have to work extra hard as we have lost 6 whole hours of tine. They (the elves) even had to ask us reindeer to help them with carrying the presents back and forth. Tuesday 2nd December Today I woke up at 12:01 (pm) because the elves were in the middle of a shouting match. One of them had apparently accidently binned one of their most expensive presents and they carried on till Big C just happened to be walking by and so obviously he put a stop to it right away. Then he asked me to help look for his missing red hat which had been missing since last Christmas. Unfortunately we could not find it, so I am going to have to get up early tomorrow, to help try to find it. Wednesday 3rd December Today we still could not find Big C's hat so we decided that instead we would unpack the sled Big C would be using on the 24th and you would never guess what we found inside it! (By the way it wasn't Big C's hat, but it would have been good if it was). Well, we found a load of dust! Not the normal every day sort, but magic dust and it was still full of magic! This will mean that Big C will be able to do his rounds even more quickly than usual. Thursday 4th December Today one of the harnesses broke on Big C's sled when we were practising for the Christmas flightand so he crashed to the ground. Blitzen, Comet, Cupid and Vixen all disappeared. This meant that I would have to spend another whole day doing something unnecessary. Fortunately we did find them but it was well after midnight when we finally did. I am so tired. Friday 5th December Today I went to look for Big C's hat but as I could not find it I asked some of the other reindeer who weren't doing anything else to help me find it. Unfortunately we still could not find it so I wandered around a bit then I went back to bed and fell asleep remembering that there was a training day tomorrow. Saturday 6th December Today we had another training day. And fortunately the harnesses did not fall off this time so we were all quite safe. After training, we all went and hunted for Big C's hat but we still could not find it. We went back inside and helped the elves for a bit. It was a very tiring day and so I fell asleep straight away. Sunday 7th December Today was the day when everyone (except Big C, obviously) got to have a rest for the whole of the day. As I was so tired I thought I would just stay in bed until noon and then I would try to reply to some of the letters the children sent me. Once I had written about twenty five I decided that was enough for one day so I went back to sleep. Monday 8th December Today we repainted the sledge in red, white and gold. One of the very naughty elves decided that it would be funny if he threw glue all over everyone. Needless to say he was in a lot of trouble; it took ages for everyone to get clean. Once we were all finally clean of glue we decided that as there wasn't much time left in the day that we would start to put up the Christmas decorations. I said \"let's start to put the tree so we have time to finish it because it usually takes about 3 or so days to complete.\" Tuesday 9th December Today we spent most of the day training but as soon as we had finished we went back to the grotto to help with putting up the Christmas tree. Today we were putting all of the red, green, white, silver and gold tinsel on to the Christmas tree. We finished doing the tinsel at about 8:00 PM we all stood back and looked at it. It was all ready starting to look amazing and we weren't even half way through decorating it! Wednesday 10th December Today we spent the entire day just decorating the tree as we were hoping to finish it soon. First we added the baubles. Some of the elves (the same ones who covered us with glue in fact) thought it would be funny if they decorated us reindeer instead of the tree; we did look pretty funny. Then we put up the fairy lights and as you might have guessed we reindeer got tangled up in all of the string. Afterwards I went straight to bed. Thursday 11th December Today was a training day again. Just so you know the training days are Tuesday, Thursday (today) and Sunday. Today something terrible happened. When we were flying over a small tree, the tree somehow jumped into the air and caught Cupid on the lower part of his leg and so he couldn't fly anymore! We rushed back to the grotto and sent for the vets. They said that Cupid would not be able to fly on Christmas Eve with the rest of us and so we would need to get another reindeer instead! Friday 12th December Today we started to search for a new reindeer. Amazingly we found one (another reindeer) within five minutes of starting searching, His name was Cherry, and we took him back to the grotto to show Big C. He said that we would start to train him on Sunday. He told us he was from a circus but then they threw him out but we do not know why. Saturday 13th December Only 12 more days till I get a full time rest but before that I must teach little Cherry how to fly. I really do hope the vets were wrong and Cupid will be able to fly as possible. And then we might even be able to find Cherry his circus or if not, if he is good, we might find him a place to stay, here at the grotto instead! Sunday 14th December Today was another training day, but today we had to teach little Cherry how to fly as well as all the other stuff we had to do. After about 5 hours of training we decided to get a bit of R, R and R (Reindeer Rest and Recreation). We played a game of Tag and Vixen and I happened to run into each other, she gives me a kiss on my cheek! Monday 15th December Today Cherry and I were walking along when we heard a cry of Help! We rushed over to see if we could help it turned out that Dasher had been running about and had fallen into a really big hole in the ice and was now stuck. I told Cherry to stay there while I flew back to tell Big C and the others. When they all arrived it was nearly midnight we put up some tents and though some warm things down the hole to Dasher. Tuesday 16th December Today we decided that we would try to get Dasher out of the hole. First we decided that we would use a Christmas tree but it did not work as it was two prickly so we used a really big stick and shoved it down the hole but as Dasher could not grab onto it we moved on to the reins which we dropped down the hole and told Dasher to tangle himself in the reins witch I did very well and then finally we were able to get him out. Wednesday 17thDecember Today we had the training day that was supposed to happen yesterday, when we were flying suddenly Dasher shouted \"No not now I can't do it now\" and then he just stopped flying all together! We all went down to see what had happened. It seemed as if Dasher had heard a voice in his head and this voice had asked him to do something that he did not want to do. We took him to the vets and they gave him a pill to take every three hours. Thursday 18th December Today we discovered some unusually cold ice, so cold that you had to fly to get over it and that led us to believe that this all had something to do with Big C's twin Jack Frost (he isn't really much of a twin more of an arch enemy). We are guessing that it was him that made the hole in the ice and it was he that had planted a voice inside Dashers head. As soon as we had got this theory we went and told big C. hand he told us that he thought the same too. Friday 19th December Big C said that he and two other reindeer or elves would go and look for his brother. He chose me and one of the elves, who happens to be called Holly. Firstly, we went and had a look around the place where the tree had jumped up and hit cupid and what we found was a lot of extremely cold snow, which led us to believe that Jack Frost had been there after all. Next we looked around at the site where dasher dad got stuck in the hole we also found some really cold snow there as well, so we are guessing that this was all done by jack frost. Saturday 20th December We stayed out there for the night but when we woke up, we were inside another enormous hole just like the hole that Dasher fell into over five nights ago. We soon found out that Jack Frost had caught us! We were feeling awful and we thought we would be there forever and ever, well, the elf did, and then all of a sudden a load of reindeer came charging around the corner and attacked Jack Frost. We just managed to escape and we now knew that it was definitely Jack Frost that was trying to ruin Christmas. Sunday 21st December Only four days till Christmas is over and I can rest till next year. I had just woken up when little Cherry came and said that he wanted to talk to me I asked him if it was very important and he said it was very, very, very important. Then he led me off into another room and told me that firstly, he used to work for Jack Frost and secondly that he knew a way to capture him. He said that we would have to make him believe that it is Christmas Eve, then secondly you have to make him climb into the sleigh then you have to cover the sleigh with a cloth that will hold him until he promises that he will never try to ruin Christmas again. Monday 22nd December Today we put the plan into action, Cherry would go and tell Jack Frost that it was time for him to go as it was nearly midnight and Big C would be starting his rounds soon, Jack Frost went and got in the sleigh and was covered with the cloth. Because there was magic dust in there to it did not take too long to persuade him never to ruin Christmas ever again (Jack Frost is afraid of magic dust as he thinks it will kill him even though it will not. Tuesday 23rd December We still have not found Big C's hat and so we sent the howl day looking for it, at the end of the day Cherry came up to me and said that he knew where Big C's hat was. It was in Jack Frost's lair and so we had to go and get it. We (Cherry and me) crept in and saw it on the workbench we went back and told Big C. He told us that he would go and get it in the morning. Wednesday 24th December Today was the big day, firstly we had to go and get Big C's hat located in Jack Frost's lair and we did that easily. Next we had to get all of the presents into Big C's sleigh (this took a long time because there lots of presents), and finally at 6:31 PM we had to strap the reindeer (us) in to the reins and then we were off. PS I am very sorry but I cannot tell you how we delivered all of the presents, as it would be breaking the Christmas law. Thursday 25th December Today I was so tired because of last night that I slept until 4:00 PM. When I finally woke up, a very happy Cupid greeted me. He has been told that he will be able to go back to work today, which he is pleased about. This is the end of my Christmas diary this year. 7 ","Summary":" M Rudolph's diary Dec 1st to 25th onday 1st December Today we started the Christmas preparations wi"},{"Movie":"A Christmas Story","Title":"December 23rd","Author":"Ren The Impaler","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6554494","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This has nothing to do with that movie thing I just didn't know that all the fucking storys on here had to be a parody of something!...Hello! I'm Ren, some of you may remember me from \"the fullmetal doctor\" and and I totally forgot about that story for a long time and im truly sorry about it ill work on it soon enough so just bare with me. Now back to THIS story. Yes there are a few spelling and grammer mistakes in here. I'm sorry, but deal with it. Enjoy! December 23 rd December 23, 3086. The night everyone fears is coming, and coming fast. I'm sure right now Santa is planning out his course around the world and who he's gonna kill. I've always wished I could do something about him but even if I did get the opportunity, I would never have the courage to risk my life for the good of others. \" I can't believe that X-mas used to be called Christmas. How did it get to be such a horrible holiday? It seemed like such a happy time a thousand years ago,\" I thought to myself, my dark brown bangs getting in my eyes. \" I mean, they had presents-..\" Suddenly, I was interrupted by a shrill, \"DOOOOMINIIIIC!\" coming from my little sisters' vocal chords, \"DIIIINNER!\" I ignored her. I continued on the homework that I had taken a break from to think about the old ways of X-mas we coverd in history class the other day. \"DOMINIC!\" suddenly I heard a THUMP THUMP THUMP , she was running up the stairs. \" She's about as graceful as a mudskipper\" I thought sarcastically. Then I heard a really loud CRASH! Followed by, \"OOOWWWCCHH!\" It was the unmistakable sound of my sister falling down the stairs. She did it about three times a week. I sighed and quietly snickered to myself, then stood up, putting my school work awa. I then walked down the stairs, passing my sister, who was crumpled in a ball of limbs, a broken vase, and what used to be a plant. \"You still alive?\" I asked her unenthusiasticly. \"No\" Ashley moaned, spitting out some dirt covered roots. \"Good. Whats for dinner?\" \"You know whats for dinner! We're having the traditional Pre X-mas ham!\" Ashley started to get up rubbing the side of her head, messing up her dirty blond bangs. \"Yum! Too bad we might get killed tomorrow night\" I trailed off. Santa stared at a computer screen, containing a map of the world with little red dots, speckled everywhere. Almost inconspicuously there was a faint knock on the door. Santa glared for a minute then growled, \"Who dares desturb me this night of all nights?\" The door creeked open and a little pale elf poked his head in. \"Um Santa?\" The elf said, trembling with fear. \"We're out of green paint,\" he whisperd. Santa was silent and completely still. Every moment ticking past seemed like an eternity to the elf. \"Green paint?\" Santa said, still barly moving a muscle. \" Green paint? You come in here and tell me that your out of GREEN PAINT! Do you know how hard I'm working right now?\" Santa screached at the terrified elf. \"Just mix yellow and blue paint together for crying out loud! Can't you stupid elves do ANYTHING by yourselves?\" Just then santa pushed a big red button on the top of his desk and a trap door opend under the elf's feet and he went shooting down. A few secconds later, blood splatters shot up from the hole as the whir of buzz saw's came from down below. \"Elves!\" Santa barked into an intercom, \"Get my sleigh ready! We'll be heading out soon enough!\" The next morning, I jolted awake in a cold sweat. \" Stupid X-mas nightmares ,\" I thought to myself. I looked at my calender. \" December 24 th  today's the day \" I saunterd down out of my bedroom and down the stairs. My family was already at the dining room table having an almost silent breakfast. I poured myself a bowl of cerial and said my good mornings, even though there was nothing good about it. That day passed by fast, nothing to exciting happened. Every one was all worried about what whould happen that night. At the north pole, Santa had just left for his trip and he decided to hit, litereally hit the northern countrys. One girl in Canada wanted a bike for X-mas, so Santa fired a bicycle at her from a cannon, which killed her. \"Theres your bike!\" Santa shouted, his genetically engineared, zombie reindear laughing maniachly. \"Oh I just love this time of year!\" \"What time is it?\" Ashley asked me. \"About 10 till midnight,\" I replyed in a whisper. Our family was huddled together in our basement in hopes of staying safe. \"Hey Dominic,\" Ashley said in an innocent tone, \"will you go with me to the bathroom?\" \"Didn't you go like, half an hour ago?\" \"I need to go again!\" She replyed defensively. \"Dominic go with your sister, it will only be a few minutes,\" my mother told me. Me and my sister made our way up the stairs to the main level in our house. We creeped over to the bathroom where she went in and closed the door behind her. Psh, like I was going to whatch. Just then I heard a weird noise coming from the other room. \"Hello?\" I asked, sounding a little scared, \"Mom, Dad, is that you?\" Just then I almost completely froze from what I saw turning the corner. A big man wearing bright red suit, with a long grey beard and beady red eyes. It was Santa. Everything in my mind was telling me to run but my legs just wouldn't move, its as if my muscles were frozen in fear. \"Ho, Ho, Ho, What have we here? A little boy out and about. Isn't it past your bed time?\" Santa asked me with the creepyest smile on his face. I just stood there trembling, not sure weather to run away or stay with my sister. I really wanted to run away. Then Santa pulled out a big machine gun and started firering madly in my direction. I dived away, luckly none of the bullets hit me. I looked at the damage to the wall and froze again. I really needed to stop doing that. My sister opened the bathroom door, wonder what had happened and when she saw Santa, gun in hand, the wall, and me, almost hyperventalating but not moving a muscle, she imideatily knew what had happened. She grabed the nearest weapon-like-thing near her, which just happened to be the family crow bar, and started swinging wildly at Santa. Santa dodged nearly every swing. I saw one or two hit their mark. I looked arround me, getting my brain back together, and grabed a frying pan from a cabinet. I decided to try and sneak arround behind Santa while he was distracted by my sister and knock him out cold. I did actually manage to get behind him. Then I saw my opertunity! Santa ducked from my sister trying to hit him, she missed, and when Santa came stood back up, BAM! I hit him right in the back of the head. Santa didn't move for a few moments but then turned arround and glared at me with such intensity that I swear I could feel his eyes burning through my very soul. \"Owch,\" He said, \"That hurt, you could really injur some one like that.\" He took my frying pan and bent it to a clean 90 angle. \"You both are on my naughty list now. You should know better then to try and kill Santa!\" He then took my sister. \"No!\" I shouted. \"Yes!\" He hissed. Then he took my sisters head and bent it side ways so her neck snaped. She fell to the floor, motionless. \"ASHLEY!\" I screamed, scared out of my mind. I raced over to her to see if she was okay. I felt her wrist for a pulsnothing. While I was bent over my sister, trying to get her to wake up and pretend that this was all just some big nightmare, or that I was actually on a game show and everything was really okay, I felt a pain in my back that I've never felt before. A sharp, kind of stabing pain. Sudenly I vomited blood and keeled over. Everything started to go blury and the last thing I saw was the glowing red eyes of santa glaring happily then everything went dark. After that, I faintly heard a, \"Ho, Ho, Ho! Merry X-mas!\" ","Summary":" This has nothing to do with that movie thing I just didn't know that all the fucking storys on her"},{"Movie":"Love of Siam","Title":"Hope is Gone","Author":"kirei chime","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7185383","Passage":"[Chapter 1] HOPE IS GONE Mew looked at the wooden toy that Tong had given him many years ago. The toy was finally completed, having had the red wooden nose in place. He, Mew, silently thanked Tong, and cried in silence. He remembered what Tong had told him earlier that night. He, Tong, might not be his boyfriend, but it doesn't mean that he doesn't love him. Mew let his tears roll down his eyes and wiped them off his face. That was enough for him. Even if he and Tong were never meant to be together, in his heart, he knew that he and Tong love each other. He can still feel the chills he had the night when he and Tong shared a kiss at Tong's backyard at the end of Tang's celebration. Yes, the kiss was special, and so was his guy friend Tong. For him, whatever others think, or how long the years go by, it will always be Tong that he loves. 0_0_0_0 Tong received a text message from Donut. It read: You are so selfish, you could have told me earlier. I would not have hoped too long nor clung on you for too long. Hate you! He sighed when he read the note. Then, another note from Ying came. It read: Tong, I am happy for you and Mew. Please take care of him. He smiled when he read her note. He realized that Ying was in love with the love of his life, but that she had to give up. He placed his phone back to his pocket and went home to celebrate Christmas Eve with his family.[Chapter 2] Piece 2: Christmas Day The next day, as Mew was about to go out of the house, he saw his next-door-neighbour, Ying, come out of the door as well. As their eyes met, Ying felt awkward, diverted her eyes, and bowed slightly at Mew. To break the soberness, Mew broke into a laugh and smiled at her. \"Merry Christmas, Ying,\" he greeted. Of course, it was already Christmas, but he didn't celebrate Christmas the way Tong and his Catholic family did. Ying broke into a self-conscious smile and greeted him the same. Just then, Ying's mother came out of the door, and self-consciously tried to be nice to Mew by inviting him for Christmas dinner that night. \"You don't have any gigs tonight, right Mew?\" Ying's mama asked. She was trying to be polite though she didn't like Mew much due to the fact that Mew was a bit gay. Mew replied that the August band is free that night. After the Christmas Eve gig they had last night, they were taking a break. After all, Aod won't want to be busy at a special time like this. Ying's mama bowed and smiled, then went back inside the house. Thus, it left Ying and Mew to be outside, still feeling awkward and all. \"Wherewhere are you going, Mew?\" Ying asked. \"To the market, of course,\" he replied with that cute and gay smile of his. Even if she knew that Mew and Tong really love each other, she can't help but still get jealous of Tong. She can never resist that smile, which made her fall for Mew in the first place. \"Ah, I see\" Ying said gingerly. \"Same here\" Mew smiled at her again and told her that they will be going together. Ying nodded joyfully (fake joy of course), and went along with him. 0_0_0_0 Ying couldn't forget what had happened those few weeks. When she knew that Mew was gay, she was so angry at herself for falling in love with a gay guy. Yet, still feeling her love for Mew, she kept all his pictures in a box which she hid under her bed. She knew Tong one day when she went over to Mew's place to borrow a dictionary. When Tong left, Ying admitted that Tong is cute. But of course, what Ying had for Tong was just plain admiration for a gorgeous guy, and admiration which was so temporary that she forgot all about it. To top it all, Tong and his gang befriended Ying and her girl friends, which made them a bigger gang. It was in that second encounter that Tong knew that Ying likes Mew, all because of her friend's tactless revelation. Ying was torn between her friendship between Tong and Mew. She cares for Tong as a friend, but cannot help but get angry and jealous when she knew that Tong and Mew were in love with each other. She cares for Mew more than a friend, but she cannot help but get angry at him for loving Tong. In a confrontation, Tong molested her in an attempt to show him that he is a straight guy, until he broke down and cried, admitting that he did not understand what he really is. And it is in that confession that Ying finally came to understand who Tong really is. And she had to comfort him since he is a friend. Ying's heart was broken all the more in another incident. Mew, who went over to her house, was researching some songs. He found a certain song that he liked and asked regarding the translation of a certain part of the song. Ying didn't understand Chinese quite well, so she went out to ask her brother. While she was out of the room, Mew found the cap which she stole from his room, and found out all his pictures in frames and in the box, all evidences of her secret obsessions at him. When she came back, a silence which seemed to last for eternity hung like a curse. Ying slowly walked inside the room, sat in front of Mew, and took the pictures from his hands. To break the silence, Mew asked her what it meant. (Double meaning: what the lyrics mean, and what the pictures mean). Ying's answer is: As long as you love, you will still have hope. Mew asked her if she is still hoping, and she replied, would she still hope? It was there that Mew affirmed that Ying is indeed a good friend of his. Who wouldn't get heartbroken? And last night, she had to give up. She left Tong alone to face Mew while she went to her friends in the parking lot and lie in behalf of Tong. As she cried her heart out, Joy and all their friends began to coax her to tell them why. Of course, she didn't tell them that it was because of Mew and Tong. 0_0_0_0 \"Ying, are you all right?\" Mew asked. He didn't have to guess why she was silent and somehow felt a bit guilty by making Ying feel bad. Ying looked at him and nodded as she forced a smile. She didn't want to force Mew to feel guilt. Loving someone is never wrong. \"I know I make you feel bad, but I am sorry, Ying,\" he said. Ying laughed and punched his arm. \"It is okay, Mew. It's over. I accept it already,\" she lied. Mew broke into a smile, but he can still feel the pain in Ying's eyes. Her smile killed him twice since it was just a disguise to hide her feelings. He cannot stand the silence between them when Ying was absorbed in thought. \"Don't you trust me?\" Ying feigned a frown. \"I am okay. See?\" Mew looked at his friend flash the widest smile he could ever see that Christmas day. He had to take her word for it, or else, he might get a good beating from Ying. And so, both of them hurried to the market and bragged as to who can cook the tastiest Christmas dessert.[Chapter 3] Piece 3: Christmas Dinner Mew enjoyed celebrating Christmas with Ying's family, and the matriarch thought that Mew was a good boy after all. They invited him to join and have fun with the firecrackers. It was Christmas after all, so the rest of the Chinese family went on having their revelry and firecrackers galore. Ying invited Mew to her room where they stayed there by themselves. Ying entered her room first, and slid her feet under her bed to hide the wooden box. Mew saw her doing this and thought that she was trying hard to let him know that she was indeed okaywhen it fact, she was not. Ying smiled at him and invited him to sit with her on the floor. They spent their time playing card games. Later that night, Ying's brother called her to come down and have some snacks. She excused herself and went down. Mew, who was left inside the room, stood up to check if Ying was really gone. He went back near the bed and bent down to see if there were anymore pieces of love that Ying had for him. He reopened the wooden box and saw the book that Ying had been using. After getting the book, he closed the box, pushed it aside and found another wooden box. When he opened it, he was surprised to see more than a dozen of wilted flowers, presumed to be roses. Those were the roses that Ying was supposed to give to him. He wondered why Ying would be hiding wilted roses under her bed. The book fell from his hand and he had to get it. He was curious of the title of the book, and opened the book and started to read it. He saw the technique where a girl had to flip her love one's shoes so that he will think of her. So that explained why his shoes had been flipped over for a couple of days. He didn't smile, nor was he angry. He was just pensive, curious, and thoughtful. Was Ying really this obsessive? Next, he flipped more pages until he saw the technique where a girl has to give 99 thornless roses to the guy that she loves. Indeed, Ying had been totally in love with him. He even remembered the time when he was trying to write a song about love, and Ying suggested that she be his girlfriend so he can get inspiration. What can he do? He simply doesn't love her the way he loves Tong. He likes Ying as a friend and doesn't want to hurt her. But he doesn't have the heart to love her either. He got one of the wilted roses and examined it completely. It must be true, he thought. Her love for him might be as wilted as these roses. She must have given up on him. All he can do is to take her word for it. He realized that he was snooping on private property that he hastily hid one rose at his back and the book inside the box even before Ying would come back. And when she did, she found him still sitting on the floor, flicking on the cards. \"What have you got there?\" he asked her who was holding a tray of food. He stood up to help her and found that she brought some drinks and the desserts that each of them made. \"I'm starved,\" Mew said to her. \"Yeah, me too,\" Ying said. As they were eating, they were talking all jolly but Ying didn't know that Mew was spying on her. He noticed that she ate first the dessert which he made. He didn't make the least action to indicate that he knew about the roses.[Chapter 4] Piece 4: My First Love Hurts Me Later, they were really in the mood for jokes that Mew accidentally grabbed Ying's glass on the tray and drank from it. Ying's eyes grew big when she saw Mew drinking from the same place that she drank. She felt herself blushing that she placed her fingers to her lips. Mew noticed her in this strange action and with a curious look on his eyes, stopped drinking, and asked her. \"That's my glass,\" Ying said consciously. Mew looked at the glass and placed it back on the tray. \"Sorry, I thought it was my glass,\" he innocently replied. Ying only nodded and smiled a bit. Some Chinese believed that if the person you like accidentally drinks from the glass that you use (or if he unconsciously drank at the same spot which you drank), it means that both of you are meant to be together. The thought made Ying blush. \"Hey, Ying, are you all right?\" Mew asked. \"Yeah, yeah,\" she lied. \"I'll just drink from your glass.\" So she picked up his glass and drank from the spot where she thought he had drunk from. She emptied the glass, and then flipped the glass with the bottom of the glass facing up. \"Now we're even,\" she grinned slyly. Mew smiled his cute smile and drank from the glass which originally was Ying's. After that, he flipped the glass too. After sharing some laughter, they continued playing cards. Ying decided to gather the tray downstairs so she can wash all the dishes and come back to have another card match. When she was downstairs helping her brother wash the dishes, Ying got the wilted rose again and looked at it in deep thought. Ying is a big liar. She is not okay, and her eyes said it all. Throughout the time that they were playing, it was evident that she was still totally in love with him no matter how much she denied it that morning. His thoughts were broken when he heard someone silently sobbing near the door. It was subtle, as the fireworks downstairs where still the center of merrymaking. He stood up and took a peek outside of the door. He saw Ying leaning by the wall leading to the bedroom door. She didn't know that he saw her this way. It was a bit dim, but he could see the sparkles on her face. She was crying, and it was a heavy bit of crying session. Mew did not see Ying cry this much, even before. Ying had always been the tough one who would do anything she pleases and sway people to her demands. Yet, this time at night, he had never seen her crumble beyond words and cry in utter silence. He never knew Ying had at times cried like this for him at night. Well, he would never know, for he never looked outside his window and look up to her room. He didn't have to wonder why. The wound was still so fresh, so it would still hurt, of course. Seeing her cry like this made him feel like dying. The last time he had that feeling was during the time that he avoided Tong, thanks to Sunee's ultimatum. \"Ying?\" he called out to her. Ying looked at him, but instead of running away, stayed in place like a rock. When she saw the wilted rose in his hand, she cried all over again. Mew went to her, held her shoulders, and brought her to her room. He shut the door so that her brother will not see his dear sister in tears. Inside the room, Mew hugged Ying tightly, still holding the rose in his hand. He began to shed tears for her. How will he make her understand that it is Tong that he loves? \"I'm sorry Ying, I'm really sorry. I never wanted to make you feel bad. I never wanted to hurt you. But I don't love you,\" Mew said. \"I know. That is why I am crying. I am crying because the hope of you loving me is gone. It has wilted like the rose you got from my box,\" she cried as she punched his chest. Mew realized his folly and apologized for invading her private space. He dropped the rose from his hand and continued to hug his friend in tears. Their lonely and sad encounter continued amid the happy merrymaking and the firecrackers outside. \"I'm sorry for making you cry this Christmas,\" Mew said, trying to make her lighten up a bit. \"I have such a bad gift.\" Ying pushed herself away from his grip, wiped his cheeks and caressed his face. She forced herself to smile just as Mew wanted her to. \"This is the face of my first love,\" she confessed. She took her hand away from his face and looked away from him. Mew studied her face real hard. Gosh, she IS still in love with him. \"It is just so sad I was not able to give you the 99 roses,\" Ying declared, her voice all broken. \"I'll just give you the 100th rose that I have.\" Mew didn't react or pull away when Ying leaned over to him and gave him a kiss on his lower lip. It was just a small and soft kiss, unlike the passionate kiss that he had with Tong. He didn't love her, so he didn't kiss her back. It may seem like forever, but Ying cherished the feeling of Mew's soft lips upon hers, and Mew savoured the feeling behind the kiss of the other person who loves him deeply. Ying realized that Mew indeed didn't love her, so she pulled away in resignation. Gay as he is, Mew touched his lips again the way he did after his first kiss with Tong. \"This is my first kiss from a girl,\" Mew admitted. \"But your first kiss is Tong,\" she pointed out. \"Yeah,\" Mew replied. Silence hung again like a curtain on a gloomy, windy day. \"You are the first guy I have ever kissed,\" Ying admitted to him. Mew held her hand. \"But please don't make me betray my feelings of love for Tong.\" Ying shook her head in resignation. \"No, I won't. I already accepted the fact that it is Tong that you love and not me. But allow me to cry still. It still hurts.\" Ying cried over again in front of him, and Mew wiped the tears from her eyes. \"I'm sorry your first love made you cry,\" he told her. \"I'm sorry I hurt my best friend.\" He hugged her tightly, and she didn't resist. She was contented to feel weak, soft and lost under the arms of her gay Mew. \"Thank you for the roses, for the love, and the kiss,\" Mew whispered to her. END ","Summary":" HOPE IS GONE Mew looked at the wooden toy that Tong had given him many years ago. The toy was final"},{"Movie":"Love of Siam","Title":"A Smile That I Would Like to See Again","Author":"midwheuser","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8899995","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"We bless you and give you thanks in your Spirit, who brings our hearts to life this Christmas Day and forever. Amen.\" Tong reached for the cutlery at the sides of his plate as soon as he had finished saying the prayer. His mother gave him a copious smile which he wouldn't notice as he readied himself for the meal, while his father had somehow already started attacking the food in front of him. The scene was almost alien to the mending household as the family sat down for dinner. Of course, Tong's family always sat down for meals like this on holidays, but this time it was different. Ever since Tang went missing, occasions like these always felt more solemn joyous. Sunee looked from her son over to her husband, still smiling. For once, it didn't feel like her family was in shambles. \"Ma.\" Tong spoke, taking her away from her sentimentality, \"The food tastes great.\" A slow nod, \"Thank you, Tong.\", she said, finally picking up her own cutlery. So far, Tong seemed normal to Sunee. She hadn't asked about the situation between her son and Mew, but he seemed as cheerful as he usually was. She brought a forkful of food to her mouth and chewed, more focused on answering the questions that popped into her head than enjoying the food. Tong seemed cheerful, but what for? Was he with Mew? Before she had a chance to make up her mind on whether or not that was a good thing, Korn, who sat opposite of her started to cough. He reached for his chest and tried to compose himself but his coughing quickly became a merciless fit. Sunee had her eyes glued to the man with concern as Tong stood up and started reaching for his back. Still coughing, he waved a dismissive hand at Tong. \"I'm fine.\" he managed to blurt out. \"Korn, are you alright?\" Sunee asked. He cleared his throat before nodding a response and reaching for a nearby glass of water. His wife and son continued staring at him, waiting patiently as he gulped down his drink. \"I'm fine.\" he said again. Sunee frowned. Korn had went back to not asking for help, even though he knew how worried she was about him. At least he was attempting to get better by his own will now, she thought. Remembering June, she silently gave her thanks, if it weren't for her, things wouldn't have been like this: slowly, but surely turning for the better. She was right, they could manage without her, without Tang. As long as they all continued to care for one another, things would be alright. Even if she had to force her care onto her husband. \"Um.\" Korn reached for a napkin and wiped at his mouth, \"I'm supposed to visit the doctor again, tomorrow.\" he gave his wife a purposeful look. \"I know.\" she replied, \"I'll have to find some time during work to drop you off.\" Korn gave a hummed reply, enough to sound grateful but also enough to cut the topic short. The topic of his health was never something he wanted to linger on. He gave a quiet huff as he realized he had ironically been going down the same path he wanted to avoid. Looking towards his son, he tried to make sure that the topic was over and done with. \"Tong.\" he called, \"Do you have anything planned for the New Year? Going out with any friends?\" He chuckled, \"I think you're at an age where you can stay out all night for New Year's Eve.\" Sunee held her breath. To say she was protective of Tong would be too polite. She would pick him up and drop him everywhere and she always had to know where he was going, how long he would be there and who he'd be with. She knew people would consider her controlling but she was just being cautious . And though she felt bad about it, she always had Tang's disappearance at the back of her mind as a readied excuse for her protectiveness of Tong. But honestly, she thought, wasn't her actions justified? Ever since Tang had disappeared she had to be like this. How could she not? She remembered the night that Tong didn't come home, a harsh reminder of what was undoubtedly the worst day of her life. \"Not really.\" answered Tong, she exhaled, \"My friends are doing something but I don't know if I want to go.\" His mother bit her lip before speaking, reminding herself to be cautious. She knew she had to loosen her hold on the boy, and she would , but she also needed to ask this question for another reason, \"Which friends are these, Tong?\" she cautiously asked. Tong took a while to answer, or maybe he didn't and Sunee just thought he did. Maybe he saw right through her question. Is Mew going to be there? The question seemed so obvious in retrospect. Not letting the paranoia pull at her anymore, she took up another forkful of food. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Tong give a non-committal shrug before answering, \"I don't know. Probably just a few from school. It's not going to be anything big.\" Friends. From school. She'd take Tong's words for the truth. A part of her felt guilty that his words reassured her, friends from school would mean that Mew wouldn't be there. She had to remind herself that she didn't have anything against Mew. After all, she had decided to put her son's happiness before her own. It's just that if she had to choose, it would be for Mew and her son to remain as friends. Normal friends. Normal , she lingered on the word. She shouldn't have used that, nothing was abnormal about Mew, he'd just decided to live his life differently, that's all. And if Mew was going to be with Tong on New Year's Eve then there would be nothing abnormal about that, either. \"Even if it's nothing big, it might still be a good time.\" Korn said, \"What about our old neighbour? He sang at that... party we had, didn't he? Mew?\" Sunee nearly dropped her fork. Korn, of course, was completely oblivious to what was going on between Mew and their son. \"Yes. His name's Mew.\" he paused for a moment to swallow his food, \"He won't be there. I don't think he'll get along with my friends, anyway.\" \"Really? He was such a nice boy.\" Korn spoke, \"I should have tried talking to him more at the party. How's he going?\" Tong looked up at his father, but his gaze stretched into space. He had no idea how to answer the question. He hadn't heard from Mew since yesterday and considering how they parted ways, he wasn't sure what to think of it. On a day like Christmas, he at least expected a text from the boy. Mew seemed alright back then, but who knows if that was a farce? \"Tong?\" He cleared his throat before speaking, \"Last night.\" he paused, \"He performed at a concert with his band in Siam Square.\" \"Oh? How was it?\" \"It was great. The crowd really liked it.\" Realizing just how quiet she had gotten as the topic shifted onto Mew, Sunee decided that she had to speak up. She didn't want to give the wrong impression to Tong, especially if he saw past her earlier question. \"I'm not surprised.\" she said, \"He's a very talented boy.\" \"That's true.\" Korn reaffirmed. Tong smiled and nodded, \"Yeah.\" he reached for his phone in his pocket, deciding to check for any messages from the boy. A few missed calls from one of his friends and a couple texts. He mused on Mew as he sifted through the texts. He felt like he had a thousand things to ask the boy. What did he do for Christmas? Was he doing anything for New Year's Eve? Was he working on a new song? How was Ying going? Most of the texts turned out to be well wishes from friends, even one from Ying, but no Mew. He grinned at Ying's message: a simple holiday greeting embellished with emoticons and symbols. He'd taken a liking to the girl, she was strong, being able to accompany him to the concert. After all, Mew did love him and not her. Love , he'd been hearing so much about it that just thinking about it was starting to become exhausting. Tong put his phone back into his pocket and picked at the scraps of his food. Even though he had loved Mew, things were complicated but complicated or not, they were still friends. Still, he couldn't help but feel anxious from just thinking about talking to Mew again. He hoped it wouldn't be like this, so uncomfortable . His brain was on fast-forward and his heart felt like it was trying to escape from a body that was too slow to keep up with its rhythm. \"Tong?\" he looked up to see his mother looking at him with worried eyes, \"Are you okay?\" \"Um...\" He let his eyes fall back to the near-empty plate before him, he smiled, \"Can I have some more, ma?\" Sunee shot him a half-amused, half-skeptical look before reaching for one of the serving spoons.[Chapter 2] \"Mew!\" Mew grudgingly opened his eyes. He could have sworn he heard someone call his name. He closed his eyes again and took in the sounds around him. Aside from the early morning traffic some distance away, it was an otherwise quiet morning. It would be easier to go back to sleep. Or so he thought. \"Mew!\" a playful, sing-song voice rang. Ying? Mew reopened his eyes and sat up in his bed. \"Mew!\" the voice called again. It was definitely Ying. Mew could make out the girl's older brother yelling at her in Mandarin from across the street. He glanced at a clock, probably about her making noise this early in the morning, he thought. He could hear Ying return her brother's banter as he put his feet onto the ground and attempted to collect himself. After a quick trip to the bathroom to wash his face, Mew went downstairs to greet his friend. \"Mew! You've had me waiting out here for so long.\" she smiled at the boy regardless. She was unusually cheerful and dressed to suit. It was the 29th of December, the first Saturday since Christmas. It was a little after 10AM, which would make today the fifth day since the Christmas Eve concert. Five days too many that Mew wished he could stop counting. Mew gave his friend a sheepish grin, \"Sorry, Ying. I slept in.\" Ying pouted, \"Well, at least I know you're not busy. We're going to Siam Square.\" she declared. Mew wasn't sure what to say. He hadn't communicated at all with Ying since the night she helped him complete his song except through an exchange of waves and smiles. He wasn't in the mood to go out, he admittedly hadn't been for quite it a while, but he knew that it terrible that he hadn't talked to Ying in so long. He wasn't lying when he said that she was a good friend of his. \"Um, okay. Wait here.\" Mew forced a smile and went up to his room to get dressed. It wasn't before long that the pair were walking through Siam Square. It was a weekend, so school children were all dressed up and roaming the shopping district, happy to be out of school. The two friends were otherwise silent aside from the occasional awing at clothes, jewelry and even food as they walked from store to store. Ying noticed that a shirt catching Mew's eye as they walked past a clothing store. \"I should have gotten you something for Christmas.\" she said, making conversation. \"You know you don't have to.\" Mew replied. \"I know, but I wanted to congratulate you for your performance at the concert.\" she paused, \"It was really very good. There's a reason I'm a fan.\" Mew grinned, \"Thanks.\" \"An alarm clock would have made a good present.\" Ying teased. The boy laughed, \"I was just... tired yesterday.\" He let out a mental sigh. What he hadn't told Ying was that he was tired the day before that, and even the day before that, too. Mew didn't know what he was feeling, it was like some strange, experimental mix of optimism, disappointment and lethargy. \"Hey.\" Ying poked at Mew, \"Isn't that Tong?\" she pointed ahead of them. Some distance away, a young boy was staring into a store window. Just when Mew thought that the crazy experiment involving his emotions couldn't get worse, it did. It was indeed Tong. And he wasn't alone. Behind him walked his parents. His mother and father chattered before approaching Tong who was smiling into the store window. Mew felt frozen to the spot as he watched the family. He remembered Sunee's words and right now he simply didn't want to be seen by her, let alone talk with Tong in front of her. Even if he did build up the bravado to talk to Tong, what if he got him in trouble? Or Sunee visited his house again? Or worse, tell him what she had to say in front of Tong, his father, Ying and any bystanders who managed to hear her. \"It is Tong.\" Mew whispered. \"Mew?\" Ying asked, confused at the boy's whispering. \"Over here.\" he whispered again as he pulled the girl into a nearby store. The two peered at the family. It looked like despite Tong wanting to go into the store, his parents decided against it and they kept walking, eventually walking past Mew and Ying. Mew sighed. Ying didn't know what was going on, but Mew had to have been hiding for a reason. She waited till Mew led her outside to speak, \"What was that about?\" she asked. \"It's complicated.\" Mew said. \"Complicated? But, didn't you two...?\" Mew sighed and didn't dare look Ying in the eye, \"I don't want to talk about it.\" Ying stared at the boy without saying a word. She felt angry. Didn't she deserve to know after everything? She folded her arms, \"Okay.\" He could tell that she was angry but talking about how he felt right now would be too much for him. The rest of Mew's time out with Ying was odd. Ying was deathly quiet since they saw Tong but eventually she appeared to be extra cheerful. Mew saw right through her act, though. He knew the right thing to do would be to tell her but how was he to explain what Tong had said? Or what Sunee had said either? It would be too embarrassing, and simply a refresher course that things didn't go the way he thought they would have. Despite all that, the biggest reason why he couldn't tell Ying what happened is because he was too nice to. Although the truth about Mew's preferences would have had to come out at some point, he had broken Ying's heart for someone who had decided to not be with him. Ying knowing that would do nothing but strengthen the blow to her heart, and possibly result in a rampaging Ying against an innocent Tong. The day passed by and after eating a light snack, the two friends made their way back home. \"Bye, Mew! I had fun!\" Mew ignored her lie about having fun and just returned the smile and wave she gave him as walked into her house. Alone under the darkening sky, Mew slowly crept up to his room and collapsed into his bed, not bothering to change out of his clothes. He let out a sigh as the heavy thinking he so desperately wanted to sleep away came rushing into his mind. Tong had given him the one thing he wanted most that Christmas Eve: love, but he still couldn't hold back the tears that night, and waking up to an empty house the next day completely crushed him. He figured that he wasn't angry and he wasn't sad, he was just disappointed . And he'd been feeling like this since he'd last spoken to Tong. He closed his eyes, wanting to sleep and not feel anything anymore. \"Tong is probably busy being happy. I shouldn't bothered him.\" he whispered. And he was as sincere as possible when he said that. He didn't want to bother the boy with what he considered silly drama compared to the good things that June had given to Tong's family. And with that thought, he fell asleep. In his dreams, Mew saw Tong and his family together with a joy that they deserved after all they had went through.[Chapter 3] Tong's shoes grinded against the concrete as he shimmied from left to right, trying to get at the soccer ball being peddled forward some feet away from him. A player on the opposing team was doing a good job at maneuvering past Tong's team, inching closer and closer towards the goal. Tong signaled one of his teammates with a jerk of the head as they caught each others' eyes. He had a masterpiece of a plan in mind to steal the ball away from his opponent that, unfortunately, wasn't able to come to fruition as his opponent managed to score a goal with a risky shot from afar. Tong groaned and put his hands up to his head in frustration. He'd been playing for about half an hour now and his team was losing miserably. \"Staying for another round, Tong?\" one of the players asked. The boy shook his head, \"No, I have to go.\" He didn't want to get too sweaty and he was admittedly a little irritated considering his team was losing with no chance at turning it around. It was also a Sunday morning and he had only stopped to play when he spotted some classmates in a park on the way to Kao's house. His friends had wanted to hang out and make plans for New Year's Eve tomorrow but plans had changed and they loitered around the park while Tong played. He looked around to spot his friends on a nearby bench talking. Jeng was on his cellphone as usual while Whae spoke to a withdrawn Kao. Kao seemed to be chewing gum, no doubt in an attempt to starve off his cigarette crave. Whae perked up as he noticed Tong heading towards them. \"Hey, hey.\" he nudged Jeng who shot him an irritated look which quickly became a sinister grin as he noticed Tong. Kao's expression didn't change at all as he spotted the approaching boy. \"Here he comes.\" whispered Whae. Tong could read the looks on Whae's face from where he was and felt like walking away right then and there. Though the four of them were good friends, they would constantly harass each other and it wasn't rare for him to not be in the mood for it. \"What is it this time?\" he asked as approached them. Whae laughed, \"Nothing.\" he said. Jeng finished up his phone call and joined in with the other boys. \"We just want to ask you a question.\" he asked, \"Is it true that you broke up with Donut?\" Tong froze for a while. He thought about where this was heading, already getting on the defensive. Kao spit the gum out of his mouth, \"So, is it?\" he asked. Tong sighed, giving up. \"Yes.\" Jeng's eyebrows shot up at his friend's answer. \"We've said it before, Tong. Donut's a real find, just what is it that you don't like about her?\" \"Maybe he found someone better.\" Whae asked. Jeng chuckled, \"Like that boy from... what school was it again, Whae?\" \"St. Nicholas?\" he answered. Tong shook his head. \"Not this again.\" he groaned. \"Come on, Tong.\" Kao said, \"It's just a joke.\" Tong scowled at his friends. \"Whatever.\" he turned his back to them and walked away. Tong didn't find it funny at all. Mew was a very sensitive topic right now. He still hadn't heard from him and he was confused as to whether or not they were still friends. Had he hurt Mew? Tong knew it wasn't exactly the same situation with Mew, but Jeng would always say to let the girl make the first move after breaking up with her. Apparently if she doesn't speak to you after you break up with her then that meant that she didn't want to talk to you again. Mew wasn't a girl and they weren't ever really together but he wondered if the same logic applied. He told Mew that he couldn't be his boyfriend, he supposed that in some twisted way that was him breaking up with Mew. He shook his head, he felt like an idiot for listening to Jeng. Despite his thoughts, he hoped that Jeng wasn't right. Would Mew really cut him off like this? His heart sank at the thought. Boyfriends or not, he loved spending time with Mew. Tong had decided to take a stroll through Siam Square on his way back home. He was angry at his friends and couldn't stop himself from almost obsessively thinking about Mew, he needed some time to cool off. He didn't know who to talk to about his feelings, other than Ying, who was as quiet as Mew aside from her text on Christmas. He thought back to that night while he walked through the busy square. He thought back to the singer's smile, soon finding himself smiling at the memory of it. He replayed his own words in his mind. If Tong was on the other end, he knew that wouldn't have been satisfied with his own words that night. He groaned, feeling a headache coming on. \"This is stupid.\" he whispered to himself. Ignoring his circular thoughts about Mew as much as possible, Tong mindlessly continued his walk through the square before heading home. He took in the scent as he walked into his house. His father was cooking. Going home was something that Tong was starting to love again, his house felt inviting and actually felt like a real home again. His mother would even try to come home early from work for his father's attempt at a meal on some days. Tong didn't always find his father's cooking tasty but he felt like the joy he got from eating a home-cooked meal by his father was enough to ignore it. Things were different now, and they were good. The only worry his family had was wondering who would take care of dinner once his father had found a job again. Tong made a note to find some way to learn how to cook as he sat down with at the dinner table. His mother and father came before long and they held hands as they said grace. A few minutes into their meal, his father spoke up, \"So, Tong.\" he said, \"What are you doing tomorrow?\" Tong found it strange how his father was basically pushing him out of house to have plans till he saw a a wry smile on his mother's face and put things together; His father wanted some alone time with his mother. \"Um.\" Tong wasn't sure what to say now that he knew the circumstances. Did he have plans? He figured that any plans he might have had with his friends tomorrow were canceled since he walked off on them earlier. He didn't want to possibly hinder his parents in repairing their marriage, though. He ran through some apologies that he could say to his friends till he realized something, this was the perfect opportunity to see Mew again. He had to get out of the house because his parents wanted some alone time. He didn't have anywhere to go so he just decided to pass by Mew's house. Tong decided that that would be his reasoning if he had to explain himself. \"I might go over to Mew's.\" Tong finally said. His mother looked at him, \"Is he having a party?\" she asked. He figured that she might still be a little antsy about him and Mew spending time together, or being together . \"Yes. Our friend Ying might be there too.\" Though he was making this up on the go, he really was hoping that she would be there. Ying and Mew. Two people that he might as well consider best friends at this point. \"I see.\" his mother replied. He wondered if she thought him and Mew really were in a relationship. He knew he should clear the air but it was a fairly difficult thing to bring up, especially with his father there. It didn't matter anyway, because right now, Tong was overjoyed. He was finally going to see Mew again.[Chapter 4] Mew wasn't completely sure how it had happened. He remembered his bandmate and friend, Ax, boldly inviting himself into his house and from then, the rest of the August Band might have simply appeared out of thin air. He took in the sight around the house. It was now practically decorated with his bandmates. Some were fooling around with his keyboard upstairs while some were sitting in his living room and were slowly but surely clearing out the contents of his fridge. Ax took note of Mew's expression and laughed. \"Come on.\" he stretched out his words as he put a hands on Mew's shoulder, \"It's New Year's Eve. Relax. Eat. Have some fun.\" Mew shook his head, he had a mind to tell him that he was doing at least half of that before he and his friends came along but he digressed, \"Alright.\" he replied with defeat. He figured that if he told Ax that he just wanted to be alone that he'd figure something was up, so he might as well try to have some fun with his friends and not even let the thought formulate. \"That's the spirit, but listen...\" he pulled Mew aside from the others, looking around to make sure he was out of earshot, \"I have to tell you something.\" he paused, \"It's about the band.\" Mew eyed his friend suspiciously, \"What is it?\" \"Aod wanted to meet with us as soon as possible.\" \"As soon as possible. Okay.\" Ax waited. Normally this would be exciting news, Aod would tell them that they had a new gig or their single would have passed sales predictions but the look on Ax's face suggested otherwise. \"What is it?\" Mew asked again. \"I-it's nothing.\" \"Don't be like that. Tell me, Ax.\" Ax shook his head, \"It's probably nothing. I don't even know what he wants to talk about. We'll just go over and find out when we can.\" Mew frowned, \"Why am I only hearing about this now? Did he call anyone else?\" \"No, but I don't think it's anything bad. It's just strange. Maybe he just lost most of our phone numbers or something.\" \"Really?\" Mew watched his friend with a skeptical look. Ax shrugged. \"Don't worry about it. I shouldn't have brought it up on a day like today.\" From the look on Mew's face, he still wasn't budging, \"Look, remember how we thought we'd never get a good manager when we were now starting out? Now look, we have a manager and even held a full-fledged concert. If we lose Aod, we could always find another manager.\" \"You're right. It's not like people don't like our music, either.\" \"Exactly.\" Ax lightly hit him on the shoulder, \"Now, come on. Let's go eat some of your food.\" Mew laughed at his friend's joke but he couldn't ignore that thought that if Aod was angry about anything, it was probably about Mew's absence for the performance for the record label's representatives. \"Hey.\" he felt Ax tap him on the shoulder, \"Do you know that girl up there?\" He pointed up towards the window on the second floor of Ying's house. Mew looked up to Ying's window to find her waving at him and his friend. \"Yes.\" Mew laughed, \"She's a friend.\" Ax's eyebrows shot up in surprise and he whistled, \"Nice.\" \"I'll be back.\" After a signal to Ying that he was coming up, he went into the girl's home. He greeted Ying's family as he entered, seeing relatives that he recognized from past holiday gatherings. Some of Ying's family greeted him, most notably her brother and grandmother, but most were too busy to notice him enter and he went upstairs, leaving the excited Chinese chatter behind him. He always used to be a tiny bit jealous that Ying's home always seemed to be this vibrant but he was glad to leave the noise in his current state. He opened the door to Ying's room to find her staring out the window. \"Hi, Ying.\" \"Hi, Mew.\" she stood up, \"Your friend's cute.\" \"Yeah. He is.\" Ying laughed. \"I mean...\" He'd simply said it out of courtesy, but considering the context of Mew and Ying's friendship, it was a particularly awkward mistake to make. \"It's okay, Mew.\" she paused for a bit, \"Listen. You know you can tell me anything, right?\" Mew was caught off-guard by the question, \"Yes.\" \"You said we were good friends.\" \"I know...\" \"Friends don't keep secrets, right? Especially if something is bothering them.\" Mew grew perplexed, he didn't know where the conversation was heading. \"Ying... are you okay?\" he asked, clearly confused. \"Yes. I mean, no.\" she sighed, \"I don't know.\" she pouted. \"What is it?\" She stared at him before she spoke again, making sure to make eye contact with the boy. \"You said we were good friends but I don't know what's going on with you.\" she paused, \"And you're not telling me when I ask.\" Her words felt like punches, Mew figured that it was because it was the truth. But he was doing it to protect her. Knowing the truth would only hurt her. \"Mew!\" Ying calling his named brought him back to reality. He'd completely gotten lost in his thoughts. \"What happened between you and Tong?\" \"Ying...\" he didn't know how to say it to her, \"I can't.\" \"What do you mean by that?\" Ying looked completely flabbergasted, \"I-I put aside my feelings for you to help you two get together... and now I have no idea what's going on and you're not telling me?\" He was hoping that she wouldn't have resorted to saying that. He didn't want to tell her the truth but he knew that what she did for him and Tong was exactly why she needed to know the truth. She deserved at least that. She spoke softly after that, \"Please tell me, Mew. Why are you avoiding Tong?\" \"Ying... I... I'm sorry.\" He juggled through his thoughts, looking for a simple answer to Ying's question that she would understand. But there was no simple answer. A simple answer would villainize Tong but how was he supposed to explain Tong's fragile family situation, the whole thing with June and Tang and finally, and most importantly, all the problems that being in a gay relationship would give to Tong? \"It's... complicated.\" he said. Ying gave a sardonic laugh at his answer. \"Okay. I'm sorry.\" she smiled, \"I just want you to tell me when you're ready, okay?\" He nodded, but he still felt terrible. He was hurting Ying and even if he wanted to explain himself, he didn't even know where to begin. \"Anyway!\" Ying spun on her heel and turned back towards the window before freezing, \"Mew... if you're really avoiding him, I don't know how you're going to this time.\" She turned around to face him, \"Tong is downstairs at your house.\" Mew felt frozen to the spot the same way he felt when he saw Tong last time. \"Tong?\" The singer thought that he had endured enough shocks for the year, but apparently someone wanted there to be a grand finale before the year closed. He felt like he was just a second away from collapsing in on himself. \"Tong.\" he barely squeaked out the name this time, reserving the rest of his energy to support his body. \"Will you come with me? You could meet Ax and everyone else.\" \"I can't.\" Ying whined, \"I wish I could. My family is already angry with me that I'm upstairs here and I know they wouldn't let me ignore them by leaving the house.\" \"Oh. Okay. I'll see you, then.\" He turned around and reached for the door. \"Mew.\" \"Yes?\" \"I know that I don't know what's going on, but don't be so scared. It's Tong. And I'm always here if anything happens. Good luck... and Happy New Year.\" Mew smiled. \"Thank you. Happy New Year, Ying.\" Just as he came out of Ying's house, he spotted Tong leaning against the exterior wall of his house. He hadn't appeared to notice him yet. He'd have to be the one to speak first, and he did. \"Tong.\"[Chapter 5] Finally, after a week that was too long, Mew was standing in front of him. \"Hey, Mew.\" Tong smiled. The words sounded weird leaving his mouth. He fidgeted for a bit and stood up properly, leaning off of the wall that supported him. \"Um...\" he paused, \"I see you're having a party.\" Tong thought it was actually a little funny. He felt so silly, he'd forgotten that Mew had a life of his own. Mew had friends, things to do and things that he wanted to do. The whole time he considered the worst when Mew really was only busy with life. And now he had embarrassed himself by just turning up at Mew's house and coming across a party along with the boy appearing to be fine. He scolded himself for his thoughts. Did he want to see a broken and unresponsive Mew? \"It wasn't planned or anything.\" Mew replied, \"It's just something that Ax threw together.\" He looked into his house, finding a group of eyes staring right back at him. \"I didn't really plan it.\" he finished. \"Oh.\" Tong laughed nervously, \"Well, I was supposed to go to a party too but...\" he paused, \"Plans fell through, I think. My parents have been wanting some alone time too so I decided to pass by your place. It's been a while.\" \"It has.\" Mew smiled. Tong thought about him. He wasn't angry or anything, and he was here . \"You can stay if you want.\" he said. \"Really?\" Tong grinned, \"Are you sure it's okay? \"Yeah. The others won't mind. They'd probably be happy more than anything else.\" Tong looked into Mew's house to see them back to talking and enjoying themselves. \"Alright. I'll stay for a bit.\" he answered. This wasn't the first time that Tong had been to Mew's house and neither was it the first time that he had met his friends. He had no reason to be afraid and though he couldn't recall ever speaking to one of Mew's friends, him being a fan of the band worked in his favor as he easily striked up conversations (however short) with the boys as Mew introduced them one by one. There were ten of them. Three vocalists: Ong, Mac and Petch. Three on brass: Arm, Nine and Mike. Guitarists: Ax and Tle. Finally, there was Taw on the drums and Wan on the keyboard. Tong paid attention to the boys' faces while they were introduced. With a little luck, he might manage to tie at least half of the names called to a face. One of the band members, Ax, Tong remembered, was noticeably more interested in Tong than the others. He sat between Tong and Mew on one of the couches in the living room and was grilling him with questions. \"So...\" he started up again, about to ask yet another question, \"What do you like to do for fun?\" \"I like to play football.\" Tong replied. Ax looked away from Tong and over to Mew with a grin on his face who simply shook his head in response. Tong looked between the two boys, \"What?\" he asked. Mew answered, \"He expected you to play an instrument.\" \"Oh...\" Tong directed his gaze to the floor. He felt embarrassed. Mew and all of his friends were in a band and the only hobby he could talk about was playing football and following the Beck manga. \"I don't play anything.\" he finished. \"Have you ever tried?\" Ax asked, \"Every man worth something should try playing one.\" \"No.\" Tong answered. \"Hm...\" Mew looked to the piano in the living room, \"Do you want to try?\" he asked him. \"What? Now?\" \"Yeah. Come over here.\" Mew signaled Tong as he led the boy to the piano. Tong had noticed it every time he had visited Mew, it was of course, the same piano that had belonged to grandfather and the piano that his grandmother used to teach him to play all those years ago. Ax watched the boys from the couch. He knew that he had never let Ax or any of the boys from the band mess around with it. Even if Mew never said anything about him and Tong, this was all that he needed to know for sure. \"Come on.\" Mew look at Tong as he sat on the piano bench. Tong stood some feet away from Mew, cautiously looking at the piano. \"What if I break it?\" He chuckled, \"I'll show you how not to.\" Tong settled down next to Mew, their elbows knocking together as he tried to make room for himself on the bench. \"Sorry.\" Mew whispered, feeling embarrassed. Maybe this wasn't such a good idea with them being so close. Around him, it felt like everything around the two of them was getting louder. He looked around, but his friends paid the two of them no mind. Ax was toying around with his phone on the couch nearby while everyone else carried on as usual. He figured that even if something was going on between him and Tong, his friends wouldn't mind. In fact, at this point, he wondered if they did think something was going on between the two. He made a note to disprove that notion sometime in the future, but he had a feeling that that wouldn't stop the mindless teasing they inflicted on him. They were just those types of friends. \"Mew?\" Tong looked at his friend, apprehension in his eyes. \"It's okay.\" he answered, meeting his gaze. He let out a breath. The biggest thing he had to worry about right now was not blushing by being this close to Tong. \"Okay.\" he spoke, \"First, put your hands out like this...\" After Tong's umpteenth failure at recalling more than five of the keystrokes that Mew had taught him, he finally gave up. \"I don't think I'm cut out for this.\" he admitted. Mew let out a loud, genuine laugh. It felt like too long since he had a good time like this with his friends. \"Maybe you're right.\" he teased. \"Okay, forget about learning for now. What do you want to hear?\" Tong smiled, \"I was thinking about that song you used to play.\" \"What song?\" \"The one you used to play with your grandmother.\" \"Oh, that.\" Mew placed his hands above the piano's keys. \"Tong?\" \"What is it?\" \"I have an idea, but.\" \"But?\" Mew took a deep breath, embarrassed and honestly scared to ask what he was about to. \"Can you give me your hands?\" he spilled out. Tong looked up at Mew, catching his gaze. \"I can help you play better that way but if you don't want to, that's okay. I know... y-\" \"No...\" Tong put his hands, \"It's perfectly okay.\" He wished that he could give Mew more than just those words. It really was okay. He wanted to throw his arms around the boy and tell him that. He wanted him to be completely honest with him, to tell him everything and not hold back. \"Don't hold back because of me, Mew.\" \"Tong.\" he smiled. He took the boy's hands, \"It won't sound perfect and it'll be slow but it'll still be something.\" The boys slowly played the first few notes of the song. Tong couldn't stop the wide smile that came with the melody coming back to him. Mew looked up from the piano to his smile and responded in turn. He knew that joy, nothing was better than being able to slowly bring a familiar song to life. He quietly laughed at Tong's face as the melody continued and he felt the depression that he was stuck with for the past week was finally starting to leave him. You don't have to be with someone to love and be loved. Not being able to see Tong since the concert made it hard for him to believe that, but right now, at this moment, he was starting to believe it. Eventually, the two boys' hands came together to slowly play the last notes of the song. \"That was fun.\" Tong said, grin still plastered onto his face. \"I can still teach you if you're interested.\" Mew said, \"You could come over and I can help you. I'll take my time and it'll be quieter so you won't get too confused.\" \"Really?\" \"Yes. I had fun. I wouldn't mind.\" \"Alright.\" he nodded, \"I'm interested.\" \"Great.\" \"Hey guys.\" Ax called out to them from the piano, \"It's almost midnight.\" he said. ","Summary":" \"We bless you and give you thanks in your Spirit, who brings our hearts to life this Christmas Day"},{"Movie":"A Christmas Story","Title":"Following You","Author":"RedBenchArty","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10004191","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Before you decide to read this story, I'd like to point out a few things as a warning. This story will have hardly anything to do with the actual film- I will simply be taking parts and a few characters and using them in my story. They will be OOC and I wouldn't recommend avid fans to read this fanfiction because Scut Farkus will be displayed in a completely different way to how his character is in the movie. The beginning is set during the movie and the rest is set years after. I guess it's more or less written in an alternate universe. Basically: Scut is completely OUT OF CHARACTER.[Chapter 2] Scut Farkus. Scut Farkus! What a rotten name! We were trapped. There he stood, between us and the alley. Scut Farkus staring out at us with his yellow eyes. He had yellow eyes! So, help me, God! Yellow eyes! Scut Farkus, the meanest kid in the sixth grade. \"Cheryl Stoeger?\" Miss Shields looked up from her attendance sheet at the occupied seat of Cheryl. The little girl raised her hand and called back softly, \"present\". As Miss Shields continued to take the class attendance, Cheryl felt a light tap on her shoulder and glanced back at her classmate. A small, folded note was in Peggy's hand and she indicated for Cheryl to take it while peering around the classroom to seem aloof. Cheryl slid it out of her friend's hand, gingerly, and quickly clasped the paper in her right hand, placing both of her fists under her desk. She watched her teacher cautiously and risked a peek down at the note in her hand. Bold pencil lettering was scrawled across the top. GIRLS ONLY it read, in sloppy cursive. The role-calling had continued, giving Cheryl the chance to quickly open the paper and read it. Ann likes Beatty! PASS IT AROUND. She quickly crumpled the paper in her hand, scrunching it into a little ball by clenching her fist as tight as she could. Ann Murphy had been a close friend of Cheryl's since they were three but she hadn't known that her friend was harboring feelings for one of their classmates. Peeking at Peggy behind her, Cheryl turned her lips downwards as she shoved the wad of paper into her sweater pocket. Miss Shields had now finished the role call and she was sorting through a small pile of papers to begin the day's lesson plan. The bell for recess went off a few hours later and students from each class lined up, single file. After they had dressed for the outdoors they were lead down the halls, down the stairs, and out the doors by their teachers. Once the line began to break formation on the playground, Cheryl found a familiar head of red in two pigtails leaving the front of the line and went over to take her arm. Ann beamed once she saw her best friend and happily looped their arms together. They waded through the fluffy snow, further away from the doors of their school. \"Hi Cher! Do you want to play house over by the monkey bars again?\" She asked, excitedly. Usually, Cheryl and Ann joined up with the other girls of their class and played make-believe together by the monkey bars. When the monkey bars got too crowded or when the boys decided they wanted to take over, the group of girls would head over to the left of the school building and play there. Although she wanted to continue from their previous game where she was the nanny of the household, Cheryl shook her head before replying quickly with \"What do you think of Beatty?\" Ann's face had already been quite pink due to the cold temperature of December but now it had begun to flush a darker red. She slowly removed her hand from Cheryl's elbow and let both of her arms hang tightly by her side. Peggy came skipping up to the two girls but before she could even begin her sentence, Ann turned around and squealed at her. \"Why did you go and tell Cher, huh?\" There was a moment of silence where only faint sounds of kids screaming from across the field could be heard. The three girls stood in a small triangle, their breaths mingling with the winter air. \"Aw, come on Ann. I think he likes you too, you don't need to get all flustered.\" Peggy finally answered, heaving heavily. Ann was bright red now, staring at Peggy with defiance in her eyes. \"You're such a gossiper, I'm sure all the other girls know now as well!\" The redhead stomped, sending little bits of snow flying with the force of her boot. \"Who else did you tell, Peggy Lane!?\" Cheryl unbuttoned her coat and reached into a sweater pocket, pulling out the crumpled note from earlier and held it out. Peggy was her friend too and she didn't really want their bickering to draw attention. She was very introverted outside of her group of friends and she liked to keep the spotlight off herself. It was often difficult to do because Ann got very brash when she got riled up, she would attract crowds such as honey attracts bees. \"It didn't get far, Ann. Cher's the only one who read it.\" Taking the note and unfolding it rather harshly, Ann squinted down at the words on the paper and glanced up suspiciously. Taking a stand for her dejected friend, Cheryl helped to prove her innocence. \"It's been in my pocket since she passed it to me, honest.\" \"Well... alright. But don't either of you go telling anyone else, y'hear?\" Ann smiled. Her face had returned to its normal shade, save for her rosy cheeks. Peggy gave Cheryl a shy, reassuring grin which she returned and the three girls moved in for a group hug. \"Peggy! Ann! Cher! I thought we were going to play house!\" A voice in the distance called. Peggy leapt from the embrace, wide eyed and muttering. \"That's right! Hurry!\" She turned towards the monkey bars and ran through the snow, leaving fresh footprints trailing behind her. Cheryl and Ann hurried after her, eager to get the most out of the time left of recess. In her rush, Ann dropped the note in the snow and stopped to pick it up. The residue snow melted quickly in her gloved hand, ruining the note and making it almost unreadable. She paused then, looking up at Cheryl who had also paused and was patiently waiting for her. \"I wanted to tell you this morning, Cher... Really. But you were talking with Bonnie and the bell rang before we had a chance to-\" \"It's alright, I'm not upset.\" The two girls continued to strut through the snow, weaving their way through other children running about and playing tag. Suddenly perking up with a loud whisper, Cheryl had to blurt out what was left in her mind. \"...But do you really like Bartholomew ?\" Ann burst into a fit of embarrassed giggles and gently pushed Cheryl to the side.[Chapter 3] The remainder of the school day went by quickly as the majority of it was spent discussing proper conclusive paragraphs. Once the bell rang teachers and students bid each other goodbye and restless boys pushed at each other, each trying to make their way out first. As Cheryl ungracefully tried to maneuver her way down the snow-covered stairs, a younger boy bumped her shoulder while he leapt down the last four steps. \"Oh, look out, you!\" She grumbled. Ann, Peggy and two other girls stood watching her in a tight circle beside the stairs. They were all only just released from the heated indoors but already each one had a cherry red nose from the frosty weather. As Cheryl made her way over to them she noticed the frown on Ann's pink face. The redhead shoved her hands into her coat pockets and let a puff of warm air seep from her lips. \"Cheryl, I forgot to mention I can't walk home with you today.\" \"You can't? Why not?\" \"My mom is paying for extra classes since the Christmas recital is coming up.\" Ann replied solemnly. After the birth of their first daughter, Mrs. Murphy resolved to have all her children take up an instrument and one after the other, her daughters were made to take music lessons. Ann's eldest sister learned to play the cello while Ann and the second eldest played piano. Though none of the sisters showed a very strong interest for their instruments, the youngest of the Murphy children had. Ann's little brother brought home a clarinet in October, borrowed from the music room, and that night followed Cheryl had heard the distinct, loud squeaks from three houses down. \"I'm real' sorry but it'll only last until the recital.\" Cheryl felt bad for her friend, who looked so disheartened with her eyes downcast and hands jammed tightly in her pockets. She wasn't upset with her though. She had been thrilled when word got around that Ann and her sisters would be playing Ave Maria in the town's annual Christmas concert. Smiling, Cheryl shook her head and reassured her friend. \"That's alright, Ann. Maybe I'll catch Margie on the way and walk home with her. You just concentrate on those keys.\" \"Yeah, come Christmas eve Beatty will be so impressed that after the show he'll ask you for a soda!\" Peggy teased, forgetting to mind her mouth. \"PEGGY!\" Ann shouted, angrily scuffing her boots into the snow. The other two hadn't known about Ann's crush but it wouldn't be long before the gears clicked into motion. It was then the girls decided to part ways, choruses of \"see you tomorrow\" rang out, mingled with the farewells from the remaining students littered across the field. Four of them turned to walk right at the school gate and Cheryl alone turned left. Cheryl and Ann were the only girls from their little crowd who lived on the West side. They weren't the only two who walked in the same direction though, Margie from the next class over had to trek almost halfway to their street before making a turn and going South. Trudging through the snow, Cheryl looked up from her feet hoping to catch a glimpse of Margie but was only met with a white road sparse of cars. Clumps of boys and girls either made their way home or towards the candy store. The older ones headed for the warmth of the malt shop across the street. The Soda Shoppe was where all the teenagers from the high school went to kick back after school ended. It had been converted from an old rental agency ten years back but swiftly grew in popularity. The diner was trendy, welcoming, and the owner was a man in his early forties who was hard of hearing and didn't mind a blast from the jukebox. Cheryl was not yet old enough to frequent with her friends but often got dreamy eyed at the prospect of it. While pausing at a red light, Cheryl noticed a couple boys head towards the laneway on the other side of the road. One in particular caught her eye though he was the size of a wasp from where she stood. Bundled up in blue was Ann's younger brother, Beanie. Since the candy store was in the opposite direction, he was probably going home. He'd always arrived home before Ann did and often boasted about it when her friends came to visit. \"Did you stop to smell the flowers?\" he'd remark and then laugh and continue to make cracks at them until Ann screamed at him and shut the door in his face. Cheryl knew now that this was the shortcut he'd been taking. As the light blinked green, cautious steps were taken across the slushy street. Cheryl couldn't help but notice the cold winter air for lack of conversation to keep her mind off it. She considered taking Beanie's shortcut but she was slightly deterred by the likelihood of making a wrong turn and ending up on a separate street from her own. It would just prolong her time spent in the chilly outdoors. Although, it also had the chance of shortening her trip home. Before she could change her mind, she quickly changed course and made her way towards and through the wide path aligned by backyards and garages. Beanie and his friends were gone, they had only left unfamiliar footprints that melded with a plethora of others. There were no intersections to bide her time and Cheryl expected to arrive home in almost half the time it would take her normally. Walking through the laneway alone felt a little daunting and Cheryl felt a shiver run up her spine. She felt silly, turning her head quickly to look in both directions. There hadn't been anyone in front of her and there weren't any noises other than her own crunching footsteps. She tried to pinpoint what it was she was most afraid of. Dracula had been a prominent fear of hers since Ann's older sisters had purposely spooked the two friends by putting on their own rendition of the novel. It was insensible for the monster to be lurking about during the day and certainly even more so with the blinding sunlight reflecting off the banks of snow. Her second thought was that she was also afraid the local enigmatic gypsy would appear before her. She didn't know his true name but the tea house he owned was one Mrs. Stoeger and her friends would often visit. Her mom scolded her when she'd first mentioned she was afraid of him. Another unreasonable thing to fear but knowing that didn't make her any less frightened. She took a quick peek behind her. She reassured herself with thoughts of her room, her father's records, and the homework she would complete when she got home. Breathing became easier once she could see Cleveland street and her anxiousness began to die down. Soon she would be able to see her house. Nearing the end of the side street, she took one last look over her shoulder and expected to find nothing again. But something had moved behind the wooden fence beside her. She saw the figure of a person and then a flash of a face watching through the slits of the fence. It wasn't a made up monster or even a grown man for that matter but her heart stopped and Cheryl let out a shrill scream instantaneously. Her boots slid on the snow as she fumbled to run. She caught her balance without halting her movements and tore out of the alley not even bothering to watch for traffic as she dashed across the road. Her heart was in her throat, kicking up snow all the way home. ","Summary":" Before you decide to read this story, I'd like to point out a few things as a warning. This story w"},{"Movie":"21","Title":"Show Me The Counting Cards (Rewritten)","Author":"Smart Kira","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9840198","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Show Me The Counting Cards (Rewritten) Count them fast Count them quick Make sure you don't get caught Try to get away But if you get caught try to implicate someone along the way ","Summary":" Show Me The Counting Cards (Rewritten) Count them fast Count them quick Make sure you don't get cau"},{"Movie":"21","Title":"Smosh 2NE1 fanfic","Author":"ratisin10","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9965790","Passage":"[Chapter 1] One day on 2009, smosh was told to do a reaction video to 2NE1's Fire. Anthony fell helplessly in love with Minzy. He bought flight tickets to go to Seoul and go to 2NE1's big concert. After the concert, he sneakily went to the dressing room. Minzy greeted him. \"Wanna hang out?\"Anthony asked. Minzy agreed. After their date, Anthony went back to LA. A year later, Anthony went to a party with his friends. He met a girl named Kalel which he fell helplessly in love with. After 3 years, they got engaged. Anthony was browsing the internet until he saw 2NE1's new music video. The song was Missing You. He watched the video and cried. Anthony packed in the speed of light and went to Seoul. He went to 2NE1's house. CL, the leader of 2NE1 welcomed him in and called Minzy. \"Anthony?!\" She shouted. \"Yes, and I am sorry for what I have done,\" Anthony said. Minzy forgived Anthony and they lived happily in Seoul while he left Kalel and Ian who doesn't give a sh*t. The end ","Summary":" One day on 2009, smosh was told to do a reaction video to 2NE1's Fire. Anthony fell helplessly in l"},{"Movie":"21","Title":"no i was right next to u","Author":"jazzybaker","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10436366","Passage":"[Chapter 1] He glared at me before turned his back and strode down the long hallway. I nearly had to sprint to keep up. As soon as Edward and I turned the corner into a short hallway, Edward turned around to face me. \"What do you want?\" He asked, annoyed. His harsh tone intimidated me. \"You were over by your car. You were no where near me.\" \"Bella, I was right next to you. You hit your head, causing you to fall unconscious, and you probably don't remember the incident so drop it...\" \"No,\" I said stubbornly, \"I'm not gonna drop it, and no I remember that you were at your car across the parking lot...\" \"Bella!\" He called me back to the room. \"I want you to stay here over night. Okay?\" \"Okay,\" I said obediently, though I was still annoyed by Edward. (The Next Morning) \"Bella how does your head feel?\" Edward was standing at the end of the bed. \"Fine.\" Edward took me out of the room to the car and took me home after Dr Cullen told me what I had to do. After I got home, I went to my room and got on my laptop to see what Edward was, because I had an idea of what he was. My guess was that he was...a vampire...so I searched it on my computer. What is a person that has ice cold skin, is abnormally fast, and never goes out into the sun? My computer showed me a website dedicated to help identify vampires... I was correct. (The Next Day) After school, Edward requested for me to speak with him and I wanted to talk to him too, so this was perfect for what I had in mind. I ran over lists of things to say to persuade him to give up his secret, but I settled for just telling him what I found out straight with no access jibber-jabber. He wanted to talk out in the woods which I lived right next to. I was fine with that. He took me out to the woods and we talked... \"Are you scared?\" He asked softly. \"no\" I replied, small shivers of anticipation running down my spine, \"I know what you are.\" He smirked. \"Then what am I?\" His voice held a touch of amusement for my discomfort. \"Your skin is as cold as ice,\" I murmured, hesitantly touching his arm before continuing, \"and you don't come out in the sun. You are extremely fast... Vampire.\" \"You're right... Are you scared now?\" \"No.\" To Be Continued ","Summary":" He glared at me before turned his back and strode down the long hallway. I nearly had to sprint to "},{"Movie":"21","Title":"MA PILIKS","Author":"raVdaphi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13052586","Passage":"[Chapter 1] CERITA INI SEBELUMNYA PERNAH AKU POST DI WATTPAD BERHUBUNG WATTPAD ERROR SEKARANG MAKANYA AKU REPUBLISH DI FFN MOHON DUKUNGANNYA YA RFD high school Author POV. \"Mati aku, aduh gerbangnya dah ditutup lagi... Aduh aku harus lewat mana nih??? Mana hari ini ada pelajaran pak sehun mana belum ngerjain PR mana orangnya galak, aduh untung gurunya cogan\"panik felix yang tengah berdiri di depan gerbang sekolah Brummmm (Anggep aja suara mobil Lamborghini) Ketika mendengar suara mobil tersebut seketika itu pak suho membukakan pintu gerbang. ~sekali-kali Suho yang holkay gua nistain jadi satpam sekolahan:v Felix cengo gaesss... Kenapa pas ada mobil Lamborghini warna item itu pak Suho bukain gerbang. Cowok yang ada dalem mobil itu ngebuka kaca mobilnya \"yuk masuk mobil gua, lu mau masuk sekolahkan!\" Felix terkejut gaes tiba-tiba ada cogan bawa mobil mahal berhenti di depan dia mana nyuruh dia masuk kemobilnya lagi. \"Oii lo kurcaci mau masuk gak?\" tanya cowok itu lagi gara-gara ngelihat felix yang malah bengong. 'beraninya dia memanggilku kurcaci, untung nih cowok ganteng kalo gak dah gua cekik nih cowok' suara nista hati felix \"Oh iya iya, makasih ya\"kata felix sambil masuk ke dalam mobil Lamborghini itu. Sebelum mobil itu masuk, mobilnya dihentiin sama pak suho. \"Maaf mas, ini siapa nya soalnya kalau ngga ada hubungan penting sama mas dia ngga bisa masuk, nanti saya dimarahin mas\"kata pak suho \"Oh ini temen gua pak, santai aja bapak gak bakal dimarahi sama pak chanyeol kok\" cowok itu nutup kaca mobil terus nancep gas buat masuk ke parkiran sekolah -pak chanyeol itu guru BK di sekolah ini ya gaes \"Dah turun lo!! dah di parkiran nih, masih mau dimobil mahal gua lo\" \"Ah i-iya, kalau boleh tahu nama kamu siapa??\"tanya felix \"Gua changbin\"jawab changbin singkat \"Ohh... Makasih ya bin\" kata felix terus dia lari menuju kelasnya Kelas 10 MIPA 2 Felix berlari menuju kelasnya pas sampai didepan kelas felix tercengang. Mimpi apa felix semalam hari ini kelasnya pak sehun jamkos... Anak-anak pada berhamburan ada yang nangkring dimeja Ada yang mojok, ada yang main hp dibawah meja... Ya gara-gara kelasnya jamkos felix langsung aja nyelonong masuk Felix masuk sambil teriak-teriak manggilin bunda tercintanya \"Bunda... Bunda seungmin dedek mau tanya dong bun...\" \"apaan sih lo lix, dah dateng telat mana teriak-teriak lagi pas masuk, ntar rusak kuping dedek jeongin\" sewot jeongin gara-gara suara menggelegarnya felix \"Hehehe... Maaf maaf, gaes aku mau tanya dong... Kalian ada yang kenal sama changbin ngga?\" tanya felix sama gengnya \"changbin saha atuh lix?? Changbin teh banyak pisan atuh\"sahut jisung \"Changbin yang orangnya gk tinggi-tinggi amat itu loh, yang rambutnya warna item, kalau kesekolah bawa mobil Lamborghini warna item, yang pake sepatu item sama jaket item\"jawab felix \"Ohhh maksud kamu Seo Changbin anak kelas 10 MIPA 4 lix, anaknya yang punya sekolah ini kan?\"jawab seungmin yang dari tadi cuma nyemak anak-anaknya ngobrol \"WHAT???? CHANGBIN ANAKNYA YANG PUNYA SEKOLAH\"teriak felix sampe sekelas ngeliatin dia, ada yang melotot, ada yang micingin matanya, ada yang B aja. \"Hehehe sorry ya gua terkejoed tadi\"cengir felix gara-gara diliatin temen sekelas 'Pantes aja dia tadi telat dibukain gerbang, kalau gua yang telat aja sampe kejer gua nangis bukanya dibukain pintu gerbang malah di seret ke ruang BK' suara hati seorang lee felix yang meratapi nasib. Kelas 10 MIPA 4 \"Woi bin, tumben lo dateng telat, terus tadi siapa cowok cantik yang turun dari mobil lo,gebetan baru lo ya??\" goda chan sambil menarik turunkan alisnya \"Gebetan bibir memblenya hyunjin bucinnya si behel, ya gak lah, tadi tuh anak telat, mana mukanya melas banget di depan gerbang kaya anak kucing minta dipungut, ya karna gua gak tega makanya tadi gua nyuruh dia masuk ke mobil gua, ya cuma itu cara biar tuh anak bisa masuk sekolah tanpa ngelewatin sidang perebutan tahta kerajaan ini bersama bapak chanyeol.\"jawab changbin \"Bacot lo njing, tapi benerankan bin, bukan gebetan, dia manis lo bin, tumben lo gak nafsu\" goda hyunjin sambil menarik turunkan alisnya. \"Ya beneran lah gubluk, kenapa kalo manis mau lo embat??? Embat aja sana, tinggal gua laporin si behel, lo kan bucinnya si behel\" \"Tuh cowok namanya felix bin, dia temen sekelas se geng sama yayang gua. Kalau gua masih jomblo bin dah gua pacarin si felix, tapi sayangnya dihati gua cuma ada jeongin seorang\"hyunjin nyengir \"Gapapa kok jin kalo lo sama felix ntar jeongin buat gua\" changbin ngesmirk ke hyunjin \"Ihhhh sebel aku tuh sama kamu... Gemesh banget...Ih dasar pelakor..\"hyunjin mendrama kebanyakan nonton tercyduck \"Apaan sih lo njing, bacot sumpah\"woojin mulai sewot \"Gaes gua baru dapet film baru nih, mau nonton bareng kagak?\"si chan nyaut \"Straight or maho nih?\" tanya hyunjin sama woojin \"Semua ada paket komplit\" saut chan \"Astaghfirullah, nyebut kalian tuh, bukannya belajar malah mau nonton bokep, tapi baguskan filmnya??? Yaudah deh sekali-kali nonton gapapa\" Minho anak alim yang teracuni bokep \"Sekali-kali ndasmu, tiap ada film baru lo juga ikut nonton\"saut chan \"Khilaf aku tuh\" \"Serah lu ho ho\" Chan, hyunjin, minho, woojin pada khidmat banget nonton, beda sama changbin yang malah ngelamun mikirin omongan hyunjin. Bener sih felix anaknya manis, tapi changbin gak bisa. Author POV. End Changbin POV. Sebenernya sih gua juga kepo siapa tuh cowok. Gua sebelumnya belom pernah liat tuh cowok disekolah. Kelihatannya sih tuh cowok seangkatan bareng gua. \"Jin, ke kantin yuk! Laper gua\" \"Kuy lah, tapi lo traktir kan??\" \"Iya iya itu mah gampang\" Gua sama hyunjin jalan ke kantin, karna jamkos jadi kita bisa bebas. Pas ditengah jalan tiba-tiba aja hyunjin nampar pantat gua, habis itu dia langsung lari Kampret banget tuh bocah Pas gua ngejar hyunjin tiba-tiba Brakkkk \"Aduhh... Lo tuh gimana sih jalan pake mata dong\" amuk cowok yang gua tabrak, tuh cowok nunduk dari perawakannya sih gua kaya kenal and pas dia natep gua, gua baru sadar \"Eh lo yang tadi pagikan, sorry sorry gua gak sengaja\"gua ngulurin tangan buat bantu dia \"Eh.. Kamu, iya sorry juga ya, gua tadi jalannya gak hati-hati\"jawab tuh cowok Tadi aja Teriak-teriak pas tau yang nabrak gua sekarang alus banget kalo ngomong. -suara hati seorang seo changbin \"Oh ya kamu belom tau nama aku kan??? Kenalin nama ku lee felix, kamu bisa manggil aku felix\" cowok tadi ngulurin tangan \"Oh nama lo felix, gua seo changbin\"gua bales ngulurin tangan buat jabat tangan dia \"Gua dah tau kok kan tadi pagi aku dah tanya \" jawabnya sambil senyum Entah kenapa pas gua lihat senyumnya ada suatu getaran aneh dihati gua, gua buru-buru lepasin tangan gua. \"Aku duluan ya bin\" kata felix abis itu dia pergi dari hadapan gua \"Manis ya bin, lumayan kalo jadi simpenan gua\"kata hyunjin sambil nyenggol bahu gua, tiba-tiba aja nih anak muncul disamping gua padahal tadi dah ngilang \"Ohhhh jadi lo mau selingkuh ok gampang, ke kelas MIPA 2 yok!!\" Goda gua sambil narik tangan hyunjin \"Bin gua bercanda elah, bin jangan macem-macem lo, bisa abis gua nanti kalo jeongin salah paham\"hyunjin narik-narik gua \"Gua juga bercanda elah\" \"Ya udah deh, ini kan mumpung deket kelas MIPA 2 sekalian aja kita kesana, gua mau ngapelin yayang gua\"kata hyunjin sambil narik tangan gua \"Terus apa faedahnya buat gua gubluk\" \"siapa tau lo mau ngalusin felix\"hyunjin nyengir ke gua. \"Hahahahaha lo lucu banget sih jin, ya gak mungkin lah jin, gua gak tertarik sama felix\" jawab gua sambil ngakak 'Sebenernya sih gua punya sedikit rasa tertarik sama felix tapi gua gak yakin sama tuh cowok. Gua masih belom bisa buka hati gua semenjak hari itu jin' sambung gua dalem ati. Changbin POV. end TBC~~~~~ ","Summary":" CERITA INI SEBELUMNYA PERNAH AKU POST DI WATTPAD BERHUBUNG WATTPAD ERROR SEKARANG MAKANYA AKU REPUB"},{"Movie":"21","Title":"Show Me The Counting Cards","Author":"Smart Kira","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8420075","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Show Me The Counting Cards Play a high stakes Card Game An illegal game of Cards Your counting the cards To make the number 21 Just try not to get caught doing it Or you'll regret trusting Your luck to much Its the money you love And the high life that comes With it You in Las Vegas with your friends Its the consequences you'll regret And you'll life will Never be the same Like I shouldn't have joined that secret card counting squad at the University Your friends become estranged too you And your life is in shambles ","Summary":" Show Me The Counting Cards Play a high stakes Card Game An illegal game of Cards Your counting the "},{"Movie":"21","Title":"frio corazon","Author":"eilyna632","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12708902","Passage":"[Chapter 1] conflicto cansancio y agotamiento fue lo que sintio estando en un lugar desolado cerrando los ojos y deseando no sentir lo que hacia su corazon tener un fuerte dolor con una amaraga experiencia que dorraria su personalidad para dar paso a alguien frio pero pensar que alguien de emociones calidas y fuerte deseo terminaria conociendo encontrara su destino con la persona que menos pensaria que ocurriria para cambiarlo todo ","Summary":" conflicto cansancio y agotamiento fue lo que sintio estando en un lugar desolado cerrando los ojos "},{"Movie":"21","Title":"Los protegeremos del mal","Author":"Nutellapalomita","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12833096","Passage":"[Chapter 1] El angel que callo del cielo Algunos somos escpticos y no creemos en esta clase de cosas pero dejemos espacio y libertad a la imaginacin y a la creencia de que seres de otros mundos existen ngeles y demonios demos comienzo a esto Noticia del da 24 de diciembre de 2016, se poda apresiar en aquel noticiero del mismo da \"Un ngel a caido del cielo \" Se nos a informado que un chico de no mas de 23 aos a sido encontrado en un bosque desnudo con varias laseraciones en manos, piernas y espalda parece a ver resivido maltrato fsico, las autoridades buscan a su familia y a los perpetruadores de este inusual crimen si usted sabe quien es este chico y quien es su familia favor de llamas a las autoridades Gracias por su atencin a continuacin se dar el anuncio de los deportes, la televisin fue apagada repentinamente por el investigador Hoseok este estaba harto de no poder resolver este caso por que era tan difcil buscar a esos locos que haban lastimado al pobre chico, los chillidos de un pequeo bebe los distrajeron de su transe Hoseok corrio a ver a su dulce bebe chillando, lo levanto entre sus brazos calmandolo con leves movientos Ya, ya mi pequeo Yoongi- acarici su mejilla tratando de calmarlo estos das haban sido realmente agotadores tener que atender a ese chico tan extrao que sola hablar en idiomas antiguos algo sumamente raros, el pequeo Yoongi se callo mientras sus padre lo segua meciendo- aahh Yoongi como quisiera ser tu solo duermes y eres feliz en brazos de tu madre y los mios- suspira Hoseok agotado, mientras que si previo aviso su celular son alertandolo, tomo su celular y contesto aquel llamado que era nada mas ni nada menos que su jefe Oficial Hoseok debe presentarse inmediatamente en la oficina por favor es el caso de el chico encontrado en pleno invierno hemos localizado a sus padres tenemos que verificar- Hoseok suspir mirando a su beb Esta bien jefe enseguida estar hai con mi hijo lo siento pero mi mujer no se encuentra conmigo- respondi mientras caminaba a un pequeo mueble donde de encontraba la paalera del pequeo Eso es lo de menos con gusto te resivo pero ven de inmediato adis te dejo- colg el jefe Hoseok meti un par de cosas a la paalera como paales, toallitas, biberones tomo la bolsa y sali lo mas rpido que pudo tomando sus llaves del auto cartera abrio la puerta para luego cerrarla poniendo contrasea a la puerta por si acaso, tomo las llaves del auto abriendo la puerta trasera para acomodar al pequen, cuando por fin estuvo bien acomodado subi la frente arrancando el auto conduciendo con prudencia no quera causar un accidente mientras conduca en su mente se agolpaban preguntas quienes eran sus padres? por que no se les vio tan interesados en su desaparicin? que le sucedi al chico mientras estaba \"secuestrado\"? Esas preguntas no lo dejaban en paz pero tuvo que despejarse sino chocara, al llegar a la oficina tomo a su bebe al salir del auto y al lugar observando como un hombre lloraba excesivamente y a otro consoladolo Que sucede aqu oh perdonen mis modales Oficial e investigador Jung Hoseok a su servicio- hizo una reverencia anten las personas Donde esta mi hijo el esta herido?!?!?!- grito el hombre llorando Aquien se refiere seor- dijo confundido y meciendo a su beb que por tal grito de haba asustado De mi Taehyung el chico que encontraron el bosque desnudo y lleno de heridas somos sus padres Kim Seokjin y Kim Namjoon por favor ayudeme- el hombre se arrodill frente de el y lo miro suplicante En un momento vendr djeme ver al jefe de inmediato para ayudarle- respondi Hoseok bastante impresionado por el comportamiento del hombre, camino tranquilamente hasta llegar con el jefe mirando al chico recin mencionado con la vista prdida y sumamente callado como si estuviera en otro planeta Jefe Yuoh los padres del joven estan aqu- dijo meciendo a un al beb Lo se por eso lo necesitaba a usted necesito que hable con ellos ya que usted es padre y sabe de estas cosas que yo- respondi el jefe, Hoseok suspir y miro al chico Taehyung?- pregunto Hoseok el chico gir su cabeza mirndolo Si que quiere- respondi de mala manera ante su llamado Podras venir conmigo tus padres esperan por ti afuera- dijo serio Hoseok ese comportamiento no era nada bueno su parecer, Taehyung se levanto de la silla para acercarse al oficial Venga conmigo- caminofuera de la oficina del jefe llevndolo a la sala de espera donde de encontraban los dichos padres Tae hijo mo aahh- corri uno de los hombres que por su buena memoria de Hoseok sabia que era Kim Seokjin Eh tu quien eres?- pregunto Taehyung sorprendido por el abrazo Cario yo soy tu madre ven vamos a casa debes estar cansado y quieres dormir- lo empuja un poco mientras caminan Gracias seror oficial maana vendremos a dar un testimonio- dijo Namjoon bastante feliz a decir verdad, Hoseok quedo mudo a tal acto pero solo se lo llevaran haci sin mas esto era inusual sin pensarlo mucho camino apresurado con el jefe abriendo de un portaso la puerta Jefe que significa esto solo se llevan al chico sin decir nada sobre su captura y todo eso que sucede hay algo de lo cual no este informado- pregunto histrico el oficial mientras su bebe de mova un poco tratando de buscar un mejor punto para dormir Entienda oficial Hoseok la familia esta muy afectada y quieren a su hijo devuelta en casa debera entender usted tiene a ese pequen dormiln- dijo el jefe sin despegar su mirada de unos documentos Ah entendido jefe- suspir Hoseok saliendo de la oficina Mientras tanto fuera del lugar de la polica Quienes son ustedes y que quieren conmigo eh?!?!?!- dijo Taehyung soltndose del agarr de Seokjin mirndolo con odio Por favor calmate querido solo queremos ser buenos contigo ngel caido eh- ro un poco Seokjin mirandolo Tu como sabes eso- respondi Taehyung mas tranquilo mientras teblaba un poco Solo lo sabes seremos buenos te dares comida un hogar ropa etctera vivirs como un mortal ahora- esta vez dijo Namjoon con un tono serio y bastante encantadora para Seokjin Pero yo... ah esta bien acepto- respondi Taehyung sin tener muchas opciones donde pasar la noche recin haba sido desterrado del cielo solo conoca un poco a los llamados seres mortales Entonces ven con nosotros seremos buenos- Namjoon y Seokjin sonrieron extendiendo una de sus manos como signo de trato, estas fueron tomadas y todo comienza con este trato o pacto o como deseen decirle Continuara... ","Summary":" El angel que callo del cielo Algunos somos escpticos y no creemos en esta clase de cosas pero deje"},{"Movie":"21","Title":"saranghae oppa","Author":"gent clouds","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8016482","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author : Rify cloudsnow Nb : genderswitch Tags : keluarga kim (chapter 1) Appa : kim young woon Umma ; park junsu Sister 1 ;kim heechul Son 1 ; kim joung woon(Yesung) Sister 2 ;kim kibum Pagi hari ini, keluarga Kim sedang berkumpul di meja makan. \"yesung, nanti pulang sekolah kw harus langsung pulang, jangan balapan liar lagi, atau motormu appa sita\" nasihat kangin pada putranya \"appa, wae? Q bisa jaga diri\" bela Yesung \"anio, appa bilang tidak, ya tidak. Ki bum laporkan pada ayah jika oppamu ini balapan lagi. Heechul, tolong awasi kedua adikmu selama appa dan umma ke Jepang. Uang belanja akan ditransfer ke rekening mu. Arasho?\" \"ne appa\" jawab ketiga anak serempak \"ya sudah. Appa dan umma berangkat duluan ke Bandara\" kata umma Kini tinggal mereka bertiga yang sudah bersiap-siap ke sekolah. \"oppa, aku ikut denganmu yah, aku takut Siwon oppa marah lagi jika aku naik bis\" sela ki bum, si anak bungsu \"arra, turus kw nona?\"tanya Yesung pada Hechul \"aku sudah di jemput Hanggeng, tuh orangnya, bye saeng, jangan ada yang telat pulang ya\" tampak Hanggeng di dalam mobil \"huft, kenapa kalian sudah pacaran, aku tidak? Apa aku kurang tampan?\" keluh yesung \" anio oppa, kw tampan, hanya saja kw tak seramah di rumah dengan semua orang. Kau terlalu dingin\" jawab Kibum \"ya sudah, kajja.. kita berangkat\" Di gerbang sekolah Yesung pov \"Siwon. Ku titip saeng q padamu. Kalian ke kelas sana\" sapa Yesung pada siwon \"ne hyung, chagi kajja\" Siwon dan Kibum pun berlalu. Senyum terukir di wajahku. Setidaknya kedua saudara perempuanku aman di tangan kedua sahabatku. Sepertinya keadaan aman ne, aku bergegas keluar untuk balapan lagi pastinya. Aku malas sekolah. Karna aku tak mau jadi pewaris perusahaan ayah. Yesung pov end Tak terasa hari sudah malam. Ya pukul 10.00. tapi Yesung tak kunjung pulang. Kedua saudara perempuannya ketiduran di depan tv menunggunya. Ketika terdengar suara motor milik Yesung, keduanya membuka pintu. \"dari mana saja kau, kau cabut dari sekolahkan? kau tak tau kami harus berbohong pada appa dan umma?\" bentak Heechul saat melihat yesung. Namun yesung menghiraukannya. Ia menaruh helm di meja. Kemudian duduk di sofa, sambil melempar tasnya. Kibum mendekatinya. \"oppa, jawabla heechul unnie, janga buat kmi khawatir\" \"ne, aku balapan motor. Dan aku kalah. Terpaksa aku harus menemani nona mereka kencan. Aku cabut karna aku bosan belajar\" jawab yesung santai \"mwo? Jadi oppa harus menemani nona2 mereka seperti itu?\" tanya ki bum penasaran \"ne, akh.. q bisa malu jika sampai ketauan sama teman2 q\" \"tumben raja balap kalah\" sindir heechul \"gara2 namja chingumu yang bodoh itu nona, dia malah menelepon q saat nona mencariku.\" Bela Yesung \"yakh.. kau kurang ajar\" \"sudahlah oppa, unnie. Sekarang sudah malam. Oppa sudah makan?\" tanya kibum \" sudah tadi wookie membawa makanan padaku saat di sekolah\" \"wookie, sapa itu? Pacarmu?\" selidik heechul \" anni nona, wookie teman sekelas ki bum, aku juga tak tau kenapa dia memberiku makanan, yeoja aneh\" \"oppa, wookie menyukai oppa, dia selalu menanyaka ttg oppa padaku\" \"jangan katakan apapun, aku tak menyukainya. Aku tak maunerurusan dengan wanita baik2. arasho?\" \"tapi oppa\" \"kibum mengertila.. hidupku sangat berantakan..jangan kau tambah lagi\" Yesung beranjak meninggalkan mereka menuju kamar. Setelah selesai mandi dia tidur di ranjangnya. Tiba-tiba ponselnya berbunyi from ryewook \" oppa, malam. Jangan lupa makan ya. Oh ya, oppa besok q masakkan aku bawakan. Oppa mau?\" Kenapa sih dengan yeoja ini. Q tak menyukainya, akh bikin repot saja To ryewook \" annio. Aku tidak tertarik\" Ryewook pov Mata ryewook panas, ia sakit hati dengan balasan sms dari Yesung. 'oppa, apa kau tak mengingatku? Kau perbah berjanji untuk mencintaiku? Apa itu Cuma janji semasa kecil, hiks..hiks\" Ku balas sms itu To yesung my first love ' gwanchana oppa, q kan tetap bawa, kalau oppa tidak mau berikan pada ki bum saja.\" Q tutup handphone q.. q msih ingat saat kecil q bersama yeppa Flashback on \"mianhae, q tak sengaja\" kata seorang namja yang berumur sekitar 9 tahun saat menabrak seorang gadis yang sepertinya seusai dengannya. \"appo..hiks,,hiks\" kata gadis itu sambil memegangi lututnya \"mianhae\" yesung pun meniup lutut gadis itu. Dia mengambil saputangannya dan melilitkan ke lutut ryewook. Kemudian dia mencium luka itu.'luka cepat cembuh ya, temanku ini jadi jelek nanyis teyus' gumam yesung sambil tertawa \"makasich oppa, Yesung oppa, salanghaee\" ryewook memeluk yesung \"ne, sekalang aku mengantal pacalku pulang ya\" \"oppa, janji ya, nanti oppa hatus menikah ma wookie\" \"ne.. Yesung ini hanya milik wookie\" Flashback off tbc ","Summary":" Author : Rify cloudsnow Nb : genderswitch Tags : keluarga kim (chapter 1) Appa : kim young woon Umm"},{"Movie":"21","Title":"oppa tatap aku","Author":"gent clouds","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8016484","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author : gent'r cloudsnow Tags : yesung suju as namja Rify as yeoja Ryewook Summary : Entah mengapa hal yang kupercayai takkan terjadi, kini menjadi nyata didepan mataku sendiri! Rify pov \"oppa, hri ne tepat 1 tahun kepergian onnie dari sisi kita\" kataku tepat didepan makam onnie q tercinta \"ne, q b'harap dy bahagia disana! Katanya tanpa melihat sedikitpun padaku Ada rasa kecewa merasuk didadaku... ya.. rasa sesak yang sakit...aku tak tau kapan yesung appa, namjachingu almarhum kakak q ne menyadari perasaan q ne... dy tak pernahmemandangku sebagai wanita yang pantas untuk dicintai.. dia hanya menganggapku sebagai dongsaeng yang harus dijaga karena janjinya dengan kakakku dulu... \"mari kita pulang.. sepertinya hujan akan turun\" katanya sambil menarik tanganku untuk bangkit dari lamunanku \"ne oppa\" aku pun bangkit dan mengikutinya Author pov \"anak-anak,kenalkan ini murid baru di kelas kalian... ryewook, silahkan perkenalkan namamu!\" kata junsu soengsangnim \"ne, gumawo soengsangnim.. anyeonghaseo... ryewook imnida\" kata ryewook sambil menundukkan tubuhnya \"ryewook, silahkan duduk di belakang rify\" Ryewookpun berjalan menuju bangku yang ditunjuk Junsu soengsangnim Setelah belajar kian lama.. akhirnya bel istirahat SMA shinwa pun berbunyi,, semua siswa sibuk keluar kelas.. begitu juga dengan kelas XI-1 \"anyeong, mianhae, kantin dimana ya?\"tanya ryewook pada seorang yeoja didepan bangkunya yang tentu saja adalah rify \"owh... anyeong, Rify imnida... kantin ada di sebelah kiri.. saya juga akan kesana.. perlu saya temanin?\" \"gumawo rify, kalau begitu sbg salam knal, saya akan mentraktir kamu, bisa?\" \"owh.. ok ryewook sshi\" \"cukup wookie saja\" Tentu saja pasangan baru ini menjadi gosip baru di sekolah Ryewook pov Entah apa namanya, namun sejak mengenalnya 1 bulan ini, aku merasa gugup sekaligus nyaman dan ingin melindunginya selalu.. yah.. yeoja manis yang bertingkah kekanak-kanakkan, ramah, aktif, pintar dan baik. Rify, menyebut namanya saja aku sudah degdegan... \"wookie.. silahkan masuk\" sapanya saat dia membukakan pintu saat aku datang \"ne.. kau sendirian?\"tanyaku sambil melihat sekeliling rumahnya yang begitu sepi \"ne , omma dan appa sedang pergi keluar negeri\" \"kau tak takut?\"tanyaku sambil meliatnya yang sedang asyik mengupas jeruk yang kubawa tadi.. \"ani.. aku selalu ditemani yesung oppa..\" \"nuguya?\"tanyaku selidik \"dia itu mantan pacar almarhum kakakku... omma meminta oppa menemaniku disini\" \"owh...\" Yesung pov Aku memasuki rumah yeojachinguku yang telah meninggal... tuk menjaga adiknya yg ditinggal sendiri.. \"aku pulang\"katakusambil melangkah masuk.. kuliat dia tengah asyik berbicara dengan sahabat prianya \"akh oppa... kenalin ini ryewook temanku, ryewook ini yesung oppa..\" katanya sambil memperkenaalkanku pada ryewook \"anyeong hyung.. ryewook imnida... aku temannya rify.. senang bertemu denganmu hyung...\"ujar pria itu sambil menyodorkan tangannya Kuraih tangan itu \"anyeong.. yesung imnida...silahkan lanjutkan belajarnya... saya mau menaruh tas dulu...\" akupun meninggalkan mereka berdua Author pov Yesung melemparkan tasnya diranjang... dia masih mengingat-ingat kejadian diruang tamu.. sekilas didengarnya rify tertawa riang bersama ryewook.. dia ingat betul rify tak pernah seriang itu semenjak kakaknya meninggal.. diapun mengintip dari lantai 2 \"wookie... kau iseng sekali.. bagaimana kalau dia tau?\"tanya rify pada namja yang disebutnya wookie tersebut \"biarin aza.. dia iseng sich... ngerjain kamu mulu\" sahut namja itu sambil mencubit pelan tangan rify.. anehnya rify malah membaalasnya sambil tertawa sesak... entakh mnengapa yesung tak menyukai adegan barusan. Dia pun menutup pintu kamar tamu yang ditempatinya saat ini hingga tertidur. Yesung bangun lebih pagi dari rify.. dia harus memasak untuk yeoja itu. Berhubung karena rify memang anak yang manja.. setelah semua beres.. yesung beranjak kekamar gadis mungil itu \"rify bangun.. kamu ngaak pergi kesekolah?\"Yesung memanggilnya dari balik pintu sambil menyembulkan kepalanya.. namun yang punya nama sepertinya tidak mendengar.. yesungpun mendekat.. dia mengamati gadis itu \"neomu yeppo\"gumamnya.. namun ia segera membuang perasaan itu... ia kembali membangunkannya, tak lama rify pun bangun... \"rify, hari ini ajjushi & ajjhumma akan pulang.. jadi aku akan kembali kerumah.. aku tak perlu repot lagi\"kata Yesung membuka pembicaraan di meja makan \"ne oppa.. miane sudah merepotkan.. oppa pasti kesal merawat dongsaeng sepertiku\" rify pun menunduk kepalanya untuk menahan air matanya yang siap untuk turun \"ani.. bukan itu mksud oppa.. maksud..\" \"gwenchana oppa... aku mengerti kok..\"potong rify sambil beranjak dari meja makan & berangkat ke sekolah Yesung hanya bisa menyesal & memandang punggung gadiss yang sudah merasuki hatinya itu... sesak dan sakit... Semenjak kejadiaan itu, rify tak menemui yesung lagi, jangankan memblas sms bahkan mengangkat telepon yesungpun rify tak mau..ini sudah terjadi 2 minggu.. yesungpun bingung dan menyesal... kini dia sadar bahwa rify kini bukan hanya sekedar dongsaeeng yang harus dijaganya.. tapi seorang yang sangat penting dalam hidupnya.. yah, dia mencintainya... Yesung pov Hari ini aku harus menemuinya, aku harus menyakan maksudnya menjauhiku.. aku berencana menjemputnya di sekolah..kuliat dia keluar dari kelasnya...tapi.. dia bersama namja kemaren,, yah..ryewook \"rify.. \"panggilku sambil melambaikan taangan dan dia pun menghampiriku meski dengan wajah kurang senang sepertinya \"ne oppa.. wae?\" \"anio.. oppa hanya ingin menjemputmu.. boleh?\" \"miane oppa.. hari ini aku ingin berjln2 dengan wookie.. bye oppa\" serunya sambil meninggalkanku... kakiku terasa lemas.. darahku sepertinya mengalir semakin cepat..kini aku cemburu dengannya.. aku tak rela dia pergi dengn namja lain selain aku... Rify pov Maaf oppa,q harus berbohong padamu.. aku tak mau sakit untuk kesekian kalinya karena perasaan ini... aku beraanjak meninggalkannya.. tapi ada tangan yang menaahanku dan menarikku kedalam pelukannya.. \"o..o..oppa\" kataku yang tak mengerti dengan kejadian ini \"sebentar saja rify.. aku ingin kau merasakan jantungku yang sakit saat kau memperlakukanku seperti ini\" kudengar suara yesung oppa yang berat sambil memeluk & mengelus rambutku.. bisa kutebak.. saat ini dia menangis. Aku tak mau terbang bersama mimpi yang menurutku tak mungkin terjadi. \"maaf oppa,, sesak\" kataku sambil mendorongnya \"miane... aku terlalu bersemangat\" katanya sambil melepaskanku \"miane oppa..aku harus pergi\" aku berbalik dan berlari meninggalkannya tanpa menatapnya sedikitpun Apa yaang baru terjadi ini? Apa Yesung oppa mencintaiku? Akh.. mana mungkin dia mencintai gadis bandel sepertiku.. dia sama seperti omma & appa menyanyangi kakakku yang dewasa, anggun dan cantik... akh.. bodoh, kenapa air mataa ini turun.. ryewook pov kutunggu Rify didepan mobilku.. tiba-tiba kuliat dia berlari kecil sambil menghapus jejak airmata di pipi merahnya \"gwenchana? Wae?\"tanyaku sambil menaruh kedua tanganku diwajahnya \"gwenchana wooki-ah.. kajja...ayo kita pergi\" akupun mengangguk dan massuk mobil.. kami meninggalkan sekolah dan pergi mencari udara segar.. berkali-kali aku mendengar hp nya berbunyi.. tapi dia taak peeduli... kini dia malah memilih memaatikan HP tersebut/ \"wae? Ada masalah fy?\" \"andwe.. hnya saja aku sedang malas berbicara.. biarkan aku sendiri dulu\"ucapnya sambil duduk di tepi pantai... aku bingung harus berbuat apa.. aku sangat mencintainya, aku tak mau dia menangis.. akupun menyenderkan kepalanya dibahuku.. sesenggukan tangisnya masih bisa sudah malam, ryewookpun mengantarkan rify pulang \"aku pulang\" saat mendengar suara rify,appa dan omma rify membuka pintu.. mereka menyuruh rify untuk duduk diruang tamu.. \"wae appa? Anything problems?\" \"appa dan omma akankeluar negeri untuk satu bulan, jadi kau dirumah bersama Yesung yah chagi!\" \"akh, appa dan omma selalu meninggalkanku\" \"ayolah rify, dewasa sedikit, appa melakukan ini untkmu!\" \"baikla.. appa dan omma memang taak pernah menganggapku semenjak kepergian kakak\" kata rify sambil meninggalkan orangtuanya di ruang tamu. Kedua orang tuanya seakan acuh dengan sikap kekanak-kanakkan Rify. Rify menghempaskan dirinya di tempat tidur.. dia menangis. Semua masalah datang menerpanya bersamaan.. karena kelelahan diapun tertidur.. Rify pov \"pagi rify\" kudengar suara membangunkanku sambil membuka tirai jendelaku. yah,suara namja yang sedang kuhindari sekaligus kucintai. Akupun bangkit tanpa melihatnya. Pasti saat ini appa dan omma sudah berangkat. Huft, nasib. \"ne\"kataku menuju kamar mandi Setelah selesai memakai seragam, aku turun menuju meja makan, kuliat yesung oppa sedang menungguku di meja makan yang sudah terhidang nasi goreng \"pagi rify, silahkan makan\" \"ne,gumawo\" kataku sambil tersenyum sinis padanya. Akupun mulai memakan nasi itu dengan diam Yesung pov Kuliat dia makan nasi goreng buatanku tanpa berbicara ataupun menatapku.. apa salahku, aku mencintainya, apakah dia tak tau? Ingin sekali kepeluk dia & kukatakan aku mencintainya.. tapi aku tak memiliki keberanian seperti saat dengan kakaknya dulu... \"fy, aku akan mengantarmu sekolah ya?\"kataku sambil menaatapnya.. akhirnya dia menatapku. Dia tersenyum. \"ne oppa!\" akh, dia mau kuantar? Dia tersenyum? Rasanya aku ingin sekali memeluk dan mencium pipi chubby y! Aku dan rify masuk mobil. Bwara Mr. Simple, Simple geudaeneun geudaeneun geudaero muhtjyuh Bwara Mr. Simple, Simple geudaeneun geudaero yeppuh Kudengar ponsel Rify bunyi \"wookie.. ada apa?\" \"...\" \"akh, aku malas keluar\" \"...\" \"ntar saja, aku mau ke sekolah, nti kita bicaraakaan\" \"...\" \"ne.. nanti saja\" Dia mematikan ponselnya... \"ryewwook?\" tanyaku padanya, dia menatapku sekilass \"ne\" \"bicara apa?\" kataku sambil mengecilkan suaraku, aku takut diaa marah karena aku menanyakan hal pribadinya \"anio oppa, dia mengajakku jalan2 nti malam, aku malas keluar.. akhir2 ini aku mudah capek\" \"okh, perlu kuantar ke ddokter?\" \"anio oppa!\" kami terdiam kembali hingga tiba ddi sekolahnya.. \"oppa, nti tak usah jemput aku yah,, tak usah masak buatku\" katanya sambil keluar dari mobilku \"wae?\" belum sempat dia menjawab, dia sudah pergi.. akupun bergegas pergi Author pov Terlihat sepasang manusia duduk di bawah pohon sambil bercanda \"oh ya fy, ntr jadikan?\" tanya ryewook sambil menunjukkan pupple eyes miliknya dihadapaan rify \"ais.. ne, kau tak usah memohon seperti itu\" kata yeoja itu sambil menutup buku bacaannya dan menatap namja tersebut. Rify dan Ryewook memang menjaddi ssangat akrab saat ini. Dimana ada Ryewook pasti ada rify, dan sebaliknya. Bahkan Rify jadi tak membawa mobil lagi kesekolah! Karna diantar jemput dengan Ryewook. # sekali ini aja diantar yeppa..kebetulan# Yesung pov Lama sekali diaa pulang, inikan sudah malam. Telepon dan sms tak dijawabnya. Aku takut yeoja yang sangat kucintai itu mengalami sesuatu. Akh, kenapa perasaanku tak enak. Tiba-tiba kudengar pintu terbuka \"kamu darimana? Aaku saangaat khawatir\" bukannya jawaban yang kudengar dia malah berlari menuju kamarnya dengan kepala tertunduk.. akupun menghampirinya yang sedang duduk dimeja rias dikamarnya.. \"gwenchana?\" tanyaku sambil memeluk nya.. dia balas memelukku dengan menenggelamkan wajahnya di perutku.. dia masih duduk sedang aku berdiri \"oppa, Wokie.. Wokie\" katanya sambil terisak. Kupererat pelukanku \"wae?\" \"Wookie mencium bibirku dengan paksa oppa\" jleder.. aku lemas mendengarnya, aku tak percaya dengan ucapannnya barusan.. kini ku berlutut di hadapannya. Kusentuh kedua pipinya. Mata kamipun saling bertatapan kini. \"mworago?\" \"o..op..oppa\" \"tenang rify, ceritakaan pada oppa\" Flashback \"tumben kau mengajakku ke cafe. Tapi inikan cafe untuk orang2 pacaran\" tanya rify sambil duduk di sofa cafe bersama ryewook. \"ani.. duduk saja\" Mereka memesan makanan dan minuman. Dan tak lama makanan dan minuman yang dipesan pun datang. Sambil makan dan minum tiba-tiba ryewook mencium bibir rify yang sontak membuat rify kaget. \"apa maksudmu?\" taya rify sambil bangkit dari tempat duduknya \"aku hanya ingin membuatmu menjadi yeojachinguku.. rify saranghae..\" \"aku tidak bisa, aku.. aku...\" belum sempat rify menyelesaikan ucapannya, ryewook langsung menciumnya secara paksa membuat rify berontak dan memdorong ryewook\" \"kau sudah jadi milikku\" seringai ryewook Rify menarik tasnya yang terletak dimeja dan berlari. Sementara ryewook? Dia tersenyum senang sekaligus sedih melihat respon gadis itu. Flasback end Yesung pov \"dia marah karena aku menolaknya menjadi pacarku\"kulihat kini pipinya kembali basah. Dia menggenggam erat tanganku erat yang masih berada dipipinya. \"terus?\" tanyaku yang mulai penasaran \"aku tak tau apa yang terjadi denganku oppa.. selama ini aku hanya menganggapnya sebagai sahabat.. hiks.. hiks.. katanya aku sangat jahat padanya, padahal dia selalu menolongku oppa\" \"ani.. kau gadis yang baik, oppa saja sangat senang punya yeojasaeng sepertimu!\" Dia melepas genggaman tangannya dan menepis tanganku yang ada dipipinya, dia menatapku tajam. \"oppa, mulai saat ini, kau tak perlu memenuhi janjimu dengan kakakku dulu\" Ada apa ini? Apa maksudnya mengatakan itu kepadaku? Dia tak tau aku sangat mencintainya.. mungkin ini saatnya aku mengatakan perasaanku.. ya ...fighting yesung Author pov \"oppa, mulai saat ini, kau tak perlu memenuhi janjimu dengan kakakku dulu\" kata rify pada yesung \"maksudmu?\" \"aku.. aku..\" rify menunduk tak berani menatap yesung \"rify, oppa ingin bilang tentang perasaan oppa padamu saat ini\" yesung mengangkat dagu rify, hingga saat ini mereka kembali saling menatap \"aku tau oppa, oppa hanya merasa wajib melindungiku karena janji konyol oppa dengan unnie ku dulu kan?\" \"bu..bukan\" \"oppa tak usah repot lagi, aku kan sudah dewasa, lagian aku sudah mnerima ryewook enjadi namjachinguku\" yesung merasa bingung, sedih, menyesal. Tapi Rify keburu pergi dan masuk kamar mandi. Dia menyurh yesung untuk keluar dari kamar. Yesung pov \"aku sudah menerima ryewook menjadi namjachinguku\" masih terniang ucapan rify di telingaku. Tak terasa air mataku mengalir. Aku berlari kekamar. Aku tak tau harus menghadapinya seperti apa \"Tuhan, mengapa adiknya membuatku jatuh cinta tapi dia menyakitiku terus? Apa ini hukuman dariMu karna aku tak sempat membahagiakan kakaknya?\" aku menangis karna yeoja? Dasar namja cengeng.. Tak terasa hari sudah pagi.. aku bangun dan hari ini aku merasa badanku berat. Gawat, ternyata sudah pukul 07.00. pasti dia telat nih. Kenapa aku telat sih... aku beranjak ke kamarnya. Tapi ada sms masuk ke hp ku From : rify Oppa, aku sudah berangkat. Aku sarapan di sekolah saja. Oppa tak memasak sarapan buatku... sedihhhh Ternyata dia sudah berangkat, akupun membalas sms darinya To : rify Mianhae, tadi oppa ketiduran. Hati-hati ya\" Ku tutup ponselku dan masuk kekamarnya. Aku merapikan kamarnya. Dan aku melihat buku diarinya, tapi dikunci. Aku melihat sebuah kertas. Aku mulai membacanya Wae? Aku tak seberuntung kakakku? Appa dan omma meninggalkanku semenjak kakakku pergi. Apa ini salahku. Aku tak bisa berubah seperti Ahra unnie. Yesung oppa sama saja seperti appa dan omma. Hanya menyanyangi kakakku. Ani, mungkin yeppa menyanyangiku, tapi hanya ,merasa wajib menyayangiku karna paksaan dari unie ku. Oppa.. saranghae. Jeongmal saranghae. Aku sedih karna oppa hanya menganggapku saeng. Oppa, sakit. Aku akan menerima wookie. Gumawo oppa atas cinta dan sakit yang kau berikan padaku selama 1 tahun ini. Aku akan melupakanmu dan mengacuhkanmu. Yeppa jeongmal saranghae. Oh Tuhan. Apa yang baru kubaca? Dia sudah mencintaiku selama itu. Mian fy, aku tak menyadari perasaanmu. Aku tak akan menyakitimu. Aku ka membuatmu bahagia bersamaku. Bahkan aku akan merubah kedua orangtuamu yang mengacuhkanmu. Aku membawa kertas itu. Aithor pov Siang itu, Yesung berencana menjemput Rify di sekolah. Dan saat itu hujan deras. Dia ingat, kalau rify sangat gampang sakit bila terkena hujan. Dia buru-buru mengambil payung dan berjalan ke arah kelas Rify. Dia melihat Rify sedang duduk bersama Ryewook. Yesung menempelkan telinganya di pintu. \"fy, mianhae atas tingkah kekanak-kanakkanku semalam ya' aku tak memaksamu menjadi yeojachinguku lagi!\" terlihat ryewook menunduk disamping Rify \"gwenhana wookie, aku sudah memafkanmu. Dan aku memutuskan untuk menerimamu menjadi namja chinguku\" kata Rify sambil memegang tangan ryewook. \"really?\" tanya ryewook heran \"ne, aku kan coba untuk mencintaimu \"gumawo\" ryewook mendekatkan wajahnya ke wajah Rify. Semakin dekat. Dan akhirnya bibir mereka bertemu. Yesung yang masih mengintip dan tak percaya apa yang dilihatnya lari meninggalkan mereka, hingga payung yang dibawanya tadi terjatuh. \"ayo chagi, kita pulang\" \"ne wookie-ah\"saat mereka keluar, mereka melihat payung tersebut di pintu. Rify memeperhatikan payung itu dan menyadari itu payung miliknya. 'ternyata oppa kesini'gumam Rify. Dia memungut payung itu dan bergegas pulang. Setibanya dirumah Rify tak melihat Yesung dimana-mana. Dia mencari dikamar, di dapur, dan ditaman tak ada. Dia mencoba menelepon, tapi tak diangkat. Akhirnya dia mengirimkan sms To : Yesung oppa Oppa dimana? Aku sudah dirumah, oppa tidak ada! Apa oppa pulang kerumah. Dia terus menunggu sms balasan dari yesung, tapi tak jua ada. Akhurnya dia beranjak ke kamar dan tertidur. Dia kembali terbangun saat malam hari. Dia ingin mennganti seragam dan makan malam. Dia takmelihat yesung. Sms tak dibalas dan telepon tak diangkat. 'ada apa dengan oppa, apa dia marah' \"oppa pulanglah, aku takut sendiri\" rify mulai menangis didepan pintu, meski saat itu sedang turun hujan. Dengan masih m,emakai seragam. Pukul 01.00 malam, yesung pulang. Ia melihat rify tertidur dengan air mata di pipi dan masih menggunakan seragam di lantai di depan tv. Dia ingin mengangkat Rify ke kamar, namun di mendengar rify sedang mengigau \"oppa, aku takut sendiri...hiks.. mianhae oppa, tolong pulang.. unnie mianhae, aku menyakiti yesung oppa..hiks\" 'Ya tuhan, apa yang kulakukan pada Rify sampai ia seperti ini. Rify jangan buat oppa bingung dengan perasaan oppa sendiri' ","Summary":" Author : gent'r cloudsnow Tags : yesung suju as namja Rify as yeoja Ryewook Summary : Entah mengapa"},{"Movie":"A Christmas Story","Title":"Forever Jack Frost","Author":"Stardustlover","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11495706","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 It was a cold morning and the sky shone with a salmon pink glow. In the middle of the peaceful morning, a figure flew across the sky, jumping on top of ceilings, trees and cars. A thick cap of frost covered everything the figure touched. This mysterious figure was no other than Jack Frost. He was in a hurry, since the guardians had called for an early meeting. As Jack flew over the many houses he wondered of what could the meeting be about. \"I haven't done something bad, have I? He mumbled to himself. As he got to the North Pole, he noticed the yetis working on putting decorations on the windows, doors and ceiling of the workshop. Jack entered just to get knocked over by Baby Tooth. Jack laughed as Baby Tooth gave him a hug on his face. \"Hi Baby Tooth.\" He said standing up. Baby Tooth was one of Tooth's fairies. She and Jack had become friends not too long ago. She used to follow him around but Jack dint mind. Jack took a look around the room as Baby Tooth sat on his shoulder. He saw the guardians on the back of the room. Tooth, Sandy and North were talking in front of the fire. He flew over to them. \"Jack, I'm glad you could make it!\" said North in his usual Russian accent. Tooth looked at Jack and then at Baby Tooth. \"You found Baby Tooth, I see.\" Tooth said smiling. Jack chuckled. \"More like she found me!\" he said looking over to Baby Tooth. Baby Tooth chirped in agreement. Suddenly, hole opened up on the floor and Bunnymund hoped out of it. He looked around and noticed he was the last one to arrive. \"Sorry I'm late.\" Bunnymund said trying to ignore the soft laughter coming from Jack and Baby Tooth. \"Well, let's get started.\" North said at last. \"So, what is the problem that made me fly across Charlietown at three in the morning? Asked Jack sarcastically while balancing on top of his staff. North gave Jack a look but continued. \"I think something bad is going to happen. I can feel it\" North paused. Bunnymund rolled his eyes. \"In my belly!\" finished North grabbing his stomach for effect. Baby Tooth looked down at North curiously. Jack just smiled. \"North, we've been over this mate, your belly has nothing to do with the future.\" Said Bunnymund. North and Bunnymund started arguing. Suddenly, a strong breeze of air pushed Baby Tooth out of Jack's shoulders and out the window. \"Baby Tooth!\" Tooth cried. She started flapping her wing but Jack stopped her. \"I'll get her.\" He said. Sandy started making sand symbols on his head, asking Jack if he needed help. \"No, I'm good.\" Jack responded back. With that, he jumped off his staff and flew out the window. Chapter 2 North and Bunnymund had been arguing for at least 5 minutes and Tooth was already getting bored. \"Sandy, what is it?\" North said looking over at the Guardian of dreams. They all looked at Sandy, who was waving his little hands and pointing out the window. Just as the guardians started walking towards it, Jack crashed in, breaking the glass and hitting the wall. \"Pitch, let go of Baby Tooth!\" He shouted flying out again. Jack's voice sounded angrier than ever before. Bunnymund, North and Tooth ran outside to see what was happening. In the sky Jack was throwing cold blasts of frost at the dark figure of Pitch Black. The dark man held Baby Tooth in one hand while attacking with the other. They all stood there like if in some kind of trance, watching the explosions of black and blue. North was the first to react. \"We got to help Jack!\" he cried reaching for his swords. \"I'm on it!\" said Tooth while flying toward Jack. Just as Tooth got near him, Pitch shouted from the other side of the battle field: \"Bye, bye Jack!\" Saying this he took out some kind of scepter from his dark robes. Jack dint notice, for he was distracted on some nightmares that were chasing him. Pitch covered the scepter in sand and it began to glow. \"Jack, look out!\" Tooth yelled but it was too late. The scepter let out a dark charge of energy the surrounded Jack. The energy suddenly let out a light so strong that it sent Tooth flying through the air. She landed right next to a frozen tree. She looked up as the light exploded in a black aura. Jack was sent flying too. He landed not too far away from her. \"Tooth!\" she heard Bunnymund yell. \"Over here!\" she shouted back standing up. \"Tooth, are you okay?\" said North. Tooth looked around here body for some kind of injurie. \"I'm fine, but I can't say the same about Jack.\" She said at last, pointing at were Jack had landed. They all ran towards Jack. \"Jack are you okay?\" North asked kneeling down. Jack opened his eyes. They all gasped. Instead of the frosty blue eyes they were all used to, they saw brown eyes instead. Jack suddenly sat up and looked around wildly. His eyes finally stopped when he saw the guardians. \"Who are you?\" Jack asked looking at them in confusion. The guardians looked at each other amusement. They thought Jack was joking. But when they looked back at Jack they noticed he really was confused. \"You really don't know who we are?\" asked Tooth flying towards him. Jack stood up and shook his head no. As he did, the hood of his hoodie fell from his head. The guardians gasped again. \"H-he's hair is brown!\" They cried. Chapter 3 The guardians looked at each other in shock. Jack's hair had turned from white to brown. \"How did this happen?\" asked North looking at Jack. \"What do you mean? My hair has always been brown.\" Jack said still looking confused. North looked at the other guardians and then back at Jack. \"Okay, this has been fun but, I really need to go, so Bye!\" said Jack grabbing his staff and starting to walk away. \"Oh no, you are coming with us!\" said North grabbing him by his arm. \"Hey let go!\" Jack said trying to pull his arm away. As he did, frost shot from his hand. \"Ahh!\" Jack cried looking at his hand. \"How did I do that?\" Tooth looked at Sandy who made a question mark on his head. A wicked laughter came from the sky. The guardians looked up. Pitch was floating over them in a black cloud. \"My plan has worked perfectly!\" he said grinning. \"Pitch what did you do to Jack and whatever it is changed back!\" Bunnymund yelled grabbing one of his boomerangs. Pitch held his hand up and motioned Bunnymund to calm down. \"I have done nothing.\" He said innocently. Then he appeared to be thinking. \"Well, I may accidently erased his memory with a dark spell that I can't remove even if I wanted to.\" Pitch let out a grin. \"My bad.\" Bunnymund let one of his boomerangs fly toward the dark figure. Pitch dogged it easily. \"And by the way\" Pitch said in a victorious tone. \"Don't waste your time in your little magic cause the only way to break the spell is if the boy remembers.\" With that he mounted his favorite hoarse and flew of. The guardians looked at Jack sadly. Jack started to shift uncomfortably since North dint let go of his hand. \"Can you please let me go? He asked somewhat annoyed. \"Cause I don't know where the hell I am and I want to get home before dark.\" North looked at the boy as if he still dint believe that Jack dint remember where he was. Tooth's face suddenly brighten slightly. \"Hey gather around!\" she said to the others. North, Sandy and Bunnymund gathered around her. Jack, noticing he wasn't going anywhere any time soon, sat on the ground with an annoyed face since North had not let go of him. After a while, the group separated and faced Jack who by the way had fallen backwards because of North moving his hand. Jack looked up with an even more annoyed look than before. \"Can I please go now?\" he said sounding somewhat mad. Sandy shook his head no. \"Jack, you are staying with us for a while.\" Said Tooth looking at him with her pink eyes. \"Why?\" Jack asked angrily. The other guardians took a step back. North made a serious look on his face. \"Because we say so.\" He said sounding more like a father scolding his son. \"You are NOT my mom!\" Jack said. As he said that, he lifted his staff slightly, causing him to start flying, lifting North with him. \"Jack, put me down!\" North cried as he floated higher and higher. \"I don't know how!\" Jack cried back swinging his staff in panic. In a movement, he swung his staff downwards, which caused that the two of them crashed into the ice covered floor. In the crash, Jack hit his head with a rock, falling unconscious. The guardians ran towards North, who had landed on his butt. \"You okay, mate?\" Bunny asked helping him stand up. \"I am fine. And it's going to be way easier to get Jack inside while his like this.\" North replied joyfully while starring at the now unconscious teen. The other Guardians nodded in delight. Jack awoke to find himself inside a crystal like room. The room was empty, on exception of a TV looking black thing on the wall. Jack started to stand up, a pain shot from the top of his head. He putted his hand top of his brown locks only to feel a light bump. He groaned as he remembered where he was. Why had those weird persons brought him here? He stood up and dusted the snow away from his shirt, but for some reason they wouldn't come off. \"He's awake!\" Jack heard someone shout. He looked around the room looking for the source of the voice. Jack discovered a window high up in one of the walls. Outside the window he saw the bird-looking lady from earlier. \"Let's give this another try.\" He thought looking down to his staff. He grabbed it raised it up completely of the ground. Jack shot up in the air and banged his head on the ceiling. The impact caused him to drop his staff. He fell down and hit the floor hard. \"Ouch!\" he mumbled as he stood up. He grabbed his staff once again and raised it just a little. This time he flew up but dint hit himself. \"Okay.\" He said as he looked down to the floor below. He shifted to the right and then to the left. It worked! In no time at all, Jack was flying around the room. He touched the walls of the room with his staff and watched as the delicate designs of frost covered the walls. He was having so much fun, he forgot he was being watched. Outside the window of the room the Guardians whispered happily. \"He rediscovered his powers.\" Tooth cried happily flying high into the air. North smiled as he watched the boy play with the snow. Sandy made a happy face out of golden sand. Suddenly, Bunny burst through the door. \"Hey, look who I found!\" he exclaimed happily. The others looked at Bunny. Sitting in his shoulder was Baby Tooth. \"Baby Tooth!\" Tooth said happily racing over to the little fairy. \"But, how? Pitch had taken her away.\" North said in surprise. \"I found the little one flying around outside. Apparently she's tougher than we think.\" Bunny explained. Baby Tooth chirped happily. She started flying around the room in search for Jack. Tooth looked at the other guardians sadly. \"Baby Tooth.\" She said in a sad voice. \"Something happened to Jack.\" Baby Tooth looked at Tooth, her little eyes showing worry. She followed Tooth to the window were Jack was playing. Baby Tooth chirped in curiosity. \"He does not remember who he is Baby Tooth. He's under a spell. Pitch did it.\" Tooth said in the sweetest way possible. Baby Tooth made her little hand into fists. Suddenly, her face lighted up. She started chirping wildly, talking to her mother so fast that she nearly fainted. \"What did she say?\" asked North impatiently. \"She says that maybe looking at things from his past will help him remember who he is!\" Tooth said joyfully. \"Let's give it a whirl!\" cried Bunny. Tooth nodded at Baby Tooth and the little fairy dint think twice before entering through the window into the room below. Jack made another design on the wall. He loved what he had discovered. Suddenly, he heard chirping behind him. He turned around and saw a tiny little fairy. She looked just like the big one, but her eyes were purple. The little fairy chirped happily before giving him a hug on his face. This took Jack totally off guard and he dint react for at least a second. \"Hello to you too.\" He said finally smiling at the little fairy. The fairy chirped one more time before sitting on his shoulder. This fairy seems familiar\" he thought but quickly ignored the though. Jack raised his staff and flew towards the window. He gave it a slight knock to get the people's attention. Once they all looked at him, he smiled shyly. \"Sorry about earlier.\" He said through the glass. He was about to say something else, but the little fairy started chirping out of control. He chuckled at the little fairy's chirping attack and then looked out the window again. The bird lady laughed. \"It's okay. I guess I would have been mad if someone grabbed me by my arm and knocked me into the ground.\" She said smiling. The wide man besides her stepped forward. \"I'm North, this is Bunny\" he said pointing at a tall fella with rabbit ears. \"Kangaroo\" Jack thought in his mind. \"This is Sandy, and that is Tooth.\"[Chapter 2] . Chapter 2 North and Bunnymund had been arguing for at least 5 minutes and Tooth was already getting bored. \"Sandy, what is it?\" North said looking over at the Guardian of dreams. They all looked at Sandy, who was waving his little hands and pointing out the window. Just as the guardians started walking towards it, Jack crashed in, breaking the glass and hitting the wall. \"Pitch, let go of Baby Tooth!\" He shouted flying out again. Jack's voice sounded angrier than ever before. Bunnymund, North and Tooth ran outside to see what was happening. In the sky Jack was throwing cold blasts of frost at the dark figure of Pitch Black. The dark man held Baby Tooth in one hand while attacking with the other. They all stood there like if in some kind of trance, watching the explosions of black and blue. North was the first to react. \"We got to help Jack!\" he cried reaching for his swords. \"I'm on it!\" said Tooth while flying toward Jack. Just as Tooth got near him, Pitch shouted from the other side of the battle field: \"Bye, bye Jack!\" Saying this he took out some kind of scepter from his dark robes. Jack dint notice, for he was distracted on some nightmares that were chasing him. Pitch covered the scepter in sand and it began to glow. \"Jack, look out!\" Tooth yelled but it was too late. The scepter let out a dark charge of energy the surrounded Jack. The energy suddenly let out a light so strong that it sent Tooth flying through the air. She landed right next to a frozen tree. She looked up as the light exploded in a black aura. Jack was sent flying too. He landed not too far away from her. \"Tooth!\" she heard Bunnymund yell. \"Over here!\" she shouted back standing up. \"Tooth, are you okay?\" said North. Tooth looked around here body for some kind of injurie. \"I'm fine, but I can't say the same about Jack.\" She said at last, pointing at were Jack had landed. They all ran towards Jack. \"Jack are you okay?\" North asked kneeling down. Jack opened his eyes. They all gasped. Instead of the frosty blue eyes they were all used to, they saw brown eyes instead. Jack suddenly sat up and looked around wildly. His eyes finally stopped when he saw the guardians. \"Who are you?\" Jack asked looking at them in confusion. The guardians looked at each other amusement. They thought Jack was joking. But when they looked back at Jack they noticed he really was confused. \"You really don't know who we are?\" asked Tooth flying towards him. Jack stood up and shook his head no. As he did, the hood of his hoodie fell from his head. The guardians gasped again. \"H-he's hair is brown!\" They cried.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 The guardians looked at each other in shock. Jack's hair had turned from white to brown. \"How did this happen?\" asked North looking at Jack. \"What do you mean? My hair has always been brown.\" Jack said still looking confused. North looked at the other guardians and then back at Jack. \"Okay, this has been fun but, I really need to go, so Bye!\" said Jack grabbing his staff and starting to walk away. \"Oh no, you are coming with us!\" said North grabbing him by his arm. \"Hey let go!\" Jack said trying to pull his arm away. As he did, frost shot from his hand. \"Ahh!\" Jack cried looking at his hand. \"How did I do that?\" Tooth looked at Sandy who made a question mark on his head. A wicked laughter came from the sky. The guardians looked up. Pitch was floating over them in a black cloud. \"My plan has worked perfectly!\" he said grinning. \"Pitch what did you do to Jack and whatever it is changed back!\" Bunnymund yelled grabbing one of his boomerangs. Pitch held his hand up and motioned Bunnymund to calm down. \"I have done nothing.\" He said innocently. Then he appeared to be thinking. \"Well, I may accidently erased his memory with a dark spell that I can't remove even if I wanted to.\" Pitch let out a grin. \"My bad.\" Bunnymund let one of his boomerangs fly toward the dark figure. Pitch dogged it easily. \"And by the way\" Pitch said in a victorious tone. \"Don't waste your time in your little magic cause the only way to break the spell is if the boy remembers.\" With that he mounted his favorite hoarse and flew of. The guardians looked at Jack sadly. Jack started to shift uncomfortably since North dint let go of his hand. \"Can you please let me go? He asked somewhat annoyed. \"Cause I don't know where the hell I am and I want to get home before dark.\" North looked at the boy as if he still dint believe that Jack dint remember where he was. Tooth's face suddenly brighten slightly. \"Hey gather around!\" she said to the others. North, Sandy and Bunnymund gathered around her. Jack, noticing he wasn't going anywhere any time soon, sat on the ground with an annoyed face since North had not let go of him. After a while, the group separated and faced Jack who by the way had fallen backwards because of North moving his hand. Jack looked up with an even more annoyed look than before. \"Can I please go now?\" he said sounding somewhat mad. Sandy shook his head no. \"Jack, you are staying with us for a while.\" Said Tooth looking at him with her pink eyes. \"Why?\" Jack asked angrily. The other guardians took a step back. North made a serious look on his face. \"Because we say so.\" He said sounding more like a father scolding his son. \"You are NOT my mom!\" Jack said. As he said that, he lifted his staff slightly, causing him to start flying, lifting North with him. \"Jack, put me down!\" North cried as he floated higher and higher. \"I don't know how!\" Jack cried back swinging his staff in panic. In a movement, he swung his staff downwards, which caused that the two of them crashed into the ice covered floor. In the crash, Jack hit his head with a rock, falling unconscious. The guardians ran towards North, who had landed on his butt. \"You okay, mate?\" Bunny asked helping him stand up. \"I am fine. And it's going to be way easier to get Jack inside while his like this.\" North replied joyfully while starring at the now unconscious teen. The other Guardians nodded in delight. Jack awoke to find himself inside a crystal like room. The room was empty, on exception of a TV looking black thing on the wall. Jack started to stand up, a pain shot from the top of his head. He putted his hand top of his brown locks only to feel a light bump. He groaned as he remembered where he was. Why had those weird persons brought him here? He stood up and dusted the snow away from his shirt, but for some reason they wouldn't come off. \"He's awake!\" Jack heard someone shout. He looked around the room looking for the source of the voice. Jack discovered a window high up in one of the walls. Outside the window he saw the bird-looking lady from earlier. \"Let's give this another try.\" He thought looking down to his staff. He grabbed it raised it up completely of the ground. Jack shot up in the air and banged his head on the ceiling. The impact caused him to drop his staff. He fell down and hit the floor hard. \"Ouch!\" he mumbled as he stood up. He grabbed his staff once again and raised it just a little. This time he flew up but dint hit himself. \"Okay.\" He said as he looked down to the floor below. He shifted to the right and then to the left. It worked! In no time at all, Jack was flying around the room. He touched the walls of the room with his staff and watched as the delicate designs of frost covered the walls. He was having so much fun, he forgot he was being watched. Outside the window of the room the Guardians whispered happily. \"He rediscovered his powers.\" Tooth cried happily flying high into the air. North smiled as he watched the boy play with the snow. Sandy made a happy face out of golden sand. Suddenly, Bunny burst through the door. \"Hey, look who I found!\" he exclaimed happily. The others looked at Bunny. Sitting in his shoulder was Baby Tooth. \"Baby Tooth!\" Tooth said happily racing over to the little fairy. \"But, how? Pitch had taken her away.\" North said in surprise. \"I found the little one flying around outside. Apparently she's tougher than we think.\" Bunny explained. Baby Tooth chirped happily. She started flying around the room in search for Jack. Tooth looked at the other guardians sadly. \"Baby Tooth.\" She said in a sad voice. \"Something happened to Jack.\" Baby Tooth looked at Tooth, her little eyes showing worry. She followed Tooth to the window were Jack was playing. Baby Tooth chirped in curiosity. \"He does not remember who he is Baby Tooth. He's under a spell. Pitch did it.\" Tooth said in the sweetest way possible. Baby Tooth made her little hand into fists. Suddenly, her face lighted up. She started chirping wildly, talking to her mother so fast that she nearly fainted. \"What did she say?\" asked North impatiently. \"She says that maybe looking at things from his past will help him remember who he is!\" Tooth said joyfully. \"Let's give it a whirl!\" cried Bunny. Tooth nodded at Baby Tooth and the little fairy dint think twice before entering through the window into the room below. Jack made another design on the wall. He loved what he had discovered. Suddenly, he heard chirping behind him. He turned around and saw a tiny little fairy. She looked just like the big one, but her eyes were purple. The little fairy chirped happily before giving him a hug on his face. This took Jack totally off guard and he dint react for at least a second. \"Hello to you too.\" He said finally smiling at the little fairy. The fairy chirped one more time before sitting on his shoulder. This fairy seems familiar\" he thought but quickly ignored the though. Jack raised his staff and flew towards the window. He gave it a slight knock to get the people's attention. Once they all looked at him, he smiled shyly. \"Sorry about earlier.\" He said through the glass. He was about to say something else, but the little fairy started chirping out of control. He chuckled at the little fairy's chirping attack and then looked out the window again. The bird lady laughed. \"It's okay. I guess I would have been mad if someone grabbed me by my arm and knocked me into the ground.\" She said smiling. The wide man besides her stepped forward. \"I'm North, this is Bunny\" he said pointing at a tall fella with rabbit ears. \"Kangaroo\" Jack thought in his mind. \"This is Sandy, and that is Tooth.\" Jack looked at the others and nodded in understanndment. \"Good to meet you.\" he said ","Summary":" Chapter 1 It was a cold morning and the sky shone with a salmon pink glow. In the middle of the pea"},{"Movie":"Bedknobs and Broomsticks","Title":"Your lot and my lot","Author":"kouw","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9919976","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Multi-chapter fic, child friendly for now, but you never know what happens when grown ups find each other after one has been in the Army during a war and the other has been waiting for him to come home. Stuff might happen, anyone knows if there has been a conclusion reached about Emelius' last name, please let me know. For now I've given him an extra 'e', but that could easily be fixed. All commentary and reviews are very much appreciated, so please don't hesitate. Missing you The worst thing about it is that she has no idea if he will be back. He left the house in his uniform, kissed her (she could still feel it tingle on her cheek sometimes, when she concentrated very hard), threw his duffel over his shoulder and marched to the station. Trains wait for no man. It's the women who do the waiting, she thinks bitterly. The mothers, the wives, daughters. She is none of these. She doesn't know what she is. Not quite. Letters come sporadically. There are no stamps from where he might be, only the different inks from the army postage service. Words that seem dry and distant. Detached. Strangely cheerful. Artificially happy. She does not know where he is, not what he might be doing. His postscripts are for the children - often longer than his actual letter to her. He asks after school, friends, encourages them for tests that have already been taken. He never says when he might be coming back. He is in an office in London and he cannot tell her. He is writing reports, thinking up schemes, doing some 'out of the box' thinking with old pals from school. The end of the war is nowhere in sight. The Ministry of Food is sending out pamphlets and training motherly looking women to teach other women how to cook something nourishing from the rations that are being given out. He writes his letters to Eglantine and the children. He knows they are being read by the censors, so he doesn't bother to close the envelope. Best to remain inconspicuous. Keep flying under the radar. Keeping his head down at all times, keeping the landlady of his small room happy by paying his rent promptly, by not bringing in his coworkers. He misses her. Her smile, her wittiness, her stubborness. He misses the children and their cheer and he misses how they had been in that big house by the sea together. Something to go back to, when all of this is over. Autumn by the sea is seeing things go raw and sparse. The waves crashing upon the beach and against the chalk, the wind blowing around the house. Paul once cried out for his mother, she had heard Carrie rush into the room, to comfort him. She had not known what to do in the morning: ask after it or pretend she had not heard, but the children came to her, telling her that the sound of the shutters scared them. They had taken them down. In the attic she found the old drapes, she had hung them since they needed them for blacking out the light. Her house was getting fuller by the day it seemed. With her own things, some of Emelius' that had somehow ended up there. The children and the belongings they gathered. There were days the house seemed filled with limbs and voices and she made endless cups of tea. There the childrens' friends at the dinner table taking small portions of what she had cooked, in fear of overstepping boundaries - not having brought rations books or stamps. She always took their plates and piled on the food. She could make do with less. He's being invited to have dinner with the Major and he brings his ration books and a bottle of wine - nobody asks where he got it from and he won't tell. By now they know that Captain Browne is good at getting things that are hard to get a hold of. Nylons. Chocolate. Bacon. He's a welcome guest since he can be witty, has been known to have a go at the old piano, is (almost accidentally) one of the good ol' boys and charming with the ladies. He never outstays his welcome, doesn't throw himself upon the food. He doesn't ask awkward questions, but he does know where to find the best clubs in town and gets them in - often leaving within fifteen minutes himself. He seems lonely though he obviously knows his way around and he is aware of it. He is indeed lonely. They see it in her face and they worry. Their lives have changed so much over the past few years - being bombed in London, losing their parents. Flying around on a bed. Charlie sometimes still feels his nose twitch like a rabbit. He won't admit it, of course. He won't admit that he missed Professor Browne - even if he had been with them for such a short while. His letters are always so upbeat. Cheerful even. This comforts him in a way, but he just wishes he could just talk to him. There are things he cannot discuss with Miss Price. Especially not since he can easily see how much she misses Emelius as well. He has a plan and he needs his little brother for it and to get to him, he needs his sister. They need to fix all of this together, because things will be falling to pieces before long and he can't be having that. He's already lost his home once.[Chapter 2] A/N: A big thanks to my beta 'onmyside' and to anyone who may be reading this. Commentary, reviews and such are all very much appreciated and encouraged, so don't hesitate! \"It still sparkles when I touch it.\" Paul said and he pressed his finger against the brass bedknob. Pink and purple sparks sizzled around his hand. \"So what do you think?\" Charlie asked, looking at his little brother seriously. \"It's too dangerous, Charlie, we don't know what the bed will do without Miss Price coming along!\" Carrie worried and Paul cocked his head to the side, contemplating this. \"But it's his. Not Miss Price's. All her things are gone and she's not done a spell since the Krauts took off.\" \"But what if something goes wrong? We don't know where we might end up? What if\" Carrie's lip trembled. \"What if? What?\" Paul asked. \"What if Professor Browne is fighting somewhere and we end up between bombs and such?\" The children thought about this frightening possibility for a few moments. \"Professor Browne is not really good at fighting, though, is he? I mean\" Charlie shrugged. Paul and Carrie nodded. \"Maybe he doesn't really fight, perhaps he does something different. And if we do end up between bombing and shelling, we'll just twist the knob and tell the bed to take us home.\" \"My knob!\" Paul piped up. \"Dear Emelius, Thank you for your lovely letter.\" Eglantine tapped the back of her pen on the desk and sighed. She was running out of things to say. She had already told him about the storms blowing away the leaves from the trees, Carrie's outstanding grades, Paul's little bicycle accident, Charles helping in Mrs Hobday's shop on Saturday afternoons. There were no adventures, no new spells, no research. No goal she was trying to reach. Just the mundane, day to day life in which she cared for the children, cooked, cleaned, read, listened to the radio. She would go into the village to get the shopping in, talk to people (who were a lot kinder to her these days - even if they still looked at her motorcycle with a wary eye) and tried to avoid the Reverend. He was persistent as ever. She could not think of a single funny story to share with Emelius and she daren't pour her heart out - that she missed him so much that at night when all was quiet - only the bashing of the waves on the shore could be heard - she could only think of him and her heart ached. Their time together had been short and for at least half of it she had been rather annoyed with him, the way he had tried to charm her and his laissez-faire attitude. But things had changed after finding the star or Astoroth. He had stood by her side, had helped her find a way to make the spell work and he had put himself in danger to find her - turning himself into a bunny and running to her. He had a gentle side, a layer underneath the quips and storytelling and bravado that was honest and good. She had fallen in love with that layer. She knew she would never be a good witch when her poisoned dragon's liver arrived and she had known she had fallen for him when he had juggled those apples and had stood on Cosmic Creeper's tail. Things changed between them. Mrs Hobday showing up at the door to tell them there was a different place for the children and Paul saying he had a daddy now - it had made them both feel so awkward. Their relationship (if there was any) had escalated so quickly according to the children. After commanding her small army of magical soldiers, falling from her broom into Emelius' arms, she had come to the conclusion Paul might have been right. She picked up her pen again and started writing. \"Dear Emelius, Thank you for your lovely letter. We all look forward to them and  they never disappoint. We miss you. We hope you'll be home for Christmas to help us celebrate. According to Charles you'd be the only one tall enough to crown the tree with the topper and Carrie has been working on writing a Christmas story. Paul is certain Father Christmas will come to bring him presents. I think you know what my Christmas wish is. I continue to hope the war will be over soon, and we'll all be reunited. Until then, or when you get a pass* please stay safe. Always yours, Eglantine \" He sighed deeply. The war would not be over soon, not as it looked now and getting a pass seemed almost impossible, even if he knew all the right people. Those with families, with children or elderly parents, ailing relatives, came first. His file was void of these. He had no living parents, no relatives he knew of. He had never been married, had no children. His home (his heart had jumped when he had read that in the letter - it was uncommonly emotional) was overseeing the sea and was filled with a gorgeous, feisty, clever strawberry-blonde and three cheeky monkeys of children he had not fathered nor had she mothered them and together they could make a go of it. If they'd be given the chance. London was starting to get ready for the holidays, people talked about setting up trees, getting ornaments out of basements and attics. There are men worrying about rations and about how they'll be able to provide their families with anything resembling a Christmas feast. [These two world coexist in war time and it feels strange] He is wondering how he can make certain Paul won't have to be disappointed in Father Christmas. He doesn't know much about seven year old boys. What they like, what they don't. What is an appropriate gift for a boy who is nothing to you but could be something of a son. He's gone around the shops a few times, to look. He saw other men with the same glazed over look leaving without a single thing. He doesn't want to write Eglantine about it. He has bought her something too and he is rather afraid it's too much, but then again it might not be enough. They are not on the firmest ground and he is worried she might see it as too little, too small, but he had not wanted to send her anything bigger when he might not be there when she rips off the wrapping paper. If only he could be. He misses them. *weekend pass(es): short time off duty for people involved in the war[Chapter 3] A/N: Thank you so much for your reviews, you have no idea how happy it makes me to see you reading this little adventure. She checked the clock. Half past seven. Time to get things started for the day. She walked into the kitchen, pulled out a loaf of bread and started slicing. She put the kettle on, opened the door for Cosmic Creepers. The house was oddly quiet. Normally Eglantine was greeted in the morning by Paul who would be on the sofa reading his book or drawing at the kitchen table, waiting for her to fix him some breakfast. Now emptiness had greeted her. She had not heard Carrie's distinct voice singing in the bathroom or Charles' grumbling either. She called to the children to hurry up. When there was still no sign nor sound of them, she hurried upstairs and knocked on the boys' bedroom door. \"Charles? Paul? Wake up boys, you'll be late for school!\" Nothing. She tentatively opened the door and found the room was empty. No sign of either child. Or the bed. Eglantine's breath hitched in her chest and she ran to Carrie's room, knocked and opened the door without waiting for an answer. The room was empty. There was a note on Carrie's desk (the girl liked to do her homework on her own, in silence) and she picked it up, fumbling to find her spectacles. \"Dear Aunt Eglantine*, Don't worry about us, we've gone to find Professor Browne. We'll be back soon. Paul, Charles and Carrie\" Eglantine sank down on the chair, lowering the letter in her lap, pulling her glasses off her nose. \"Cor, I'm cold!\" Paul exclaimed. \"Here.\" Carrie tugged at the bedspread and wrapped it around Paul. She was wearing her thickest jumper under her coat and one of Miss Price' shawls over her hair. Charlie was pretending he wasn't freezing, though Carrie could see his cheeks were getting paler by the minute. \"Do you think it will be very far?\" Paul asked and Carrie shrugged. \"I dunno.\" She said and looked at Charlie, who also shrugged. \"Seems the bed is not flying as fast as it used to.\" Charlie said after a few moments' silence. \"Might be because Aunt Eglantine is not with us. Might be missing her magic.\" Carrie contemplated and the other two nodded. \"Or it's because we are getting close!\" Charlie yelled as he pointed at a familiar skyline. Saint Paul's Cathedral, the Big Ben and Houses of Parliament all popped up in the orange hues of dawn. The bed slowed down even more and landed under an arch. \"Do you think we should disguise it?\" Carrie asked her brothers. \"Nah. Who'll want a bed anyway?\" Charlie responded with admirable nonchalance. His answer was rendered useless when some passers-by walked right by the bed without seeing it. \"We must be close to Professor Browne then.\" Paul said and he started walking away. \"Paul! Wait up!\" The others called after him and started running. Paul was nowhere in sight. He couldn't find his umbrella and somehow the snap of his briefcase just wouldn't hold and he was starting to run late and all in all he just wished he could either remain in bed or make his way to Pepperinge Eye - where he'd feel at ease. He grabbed an apple from the counter (having contacts was proving to be very beneficial to his health) and ran down the stairs, into the street, where he bumped into two children who were rather familiar to him. He shook his head a couple of times after being told 'Oi watch it!' and 'Mind where you're going, guv!' and managed to croak out their names. \"Carrie? Charlie?\" The children looked up. \"Professor Browne!\" Especially Carrie looked very relieved to see him. He put down his briefcase and opened his arms to her where he gently embraced her and then shook hands with Charlie, who looked like he particularly enjoyed being treated as a grown up. Emelius proceeded to quickly pick up his briefcase - if that ever got away from him, all hell would break loose - and looked around. \"Paul and Eglantine not with you?\" \"No well, yes, but...\" Carrie started and he found the girl was close to tears. Charlie jumped in. \"She doesn't know we've come to look for you and Paul was with us on the bed, but he wandered off and we can't find him.\" Emelius took a deep breath. \"This is not good.\" \"Nah, not really.\" Charlie admitted. \"Losing Paul while not telling Eglantine you've run off. I ought to be very cross with you, but there's no time and I am very happy to see the two of you.\" He smiled at the pair. \"We've to find your brother and telephone Eglantine that you two are safe.\" He looked around. While he was happy to see the children, he also had a job to do and he did not really have time to be traipsing all over London to find a young boy who had taken it upon himself to go on an adventure. \"Lets go back to the flat and let Eglantine know you are here, then I'll have to get a day off - which is not going to be easy and then we'll have to inform the police that Paul has gone missing.\" Carrie looked at him gratefully. \"Thank you, Professor.\" He bend over and kissed her on the crown of her head. \"Alright. Lets get going, no moment to waste!\" * I've debated what the children would call Miss Eglantine Price and I have decided on 'Aunt Eglantine' based on opinions of fellow writers I respect, some history, a bit of internet research and my personal headcanon. I know not everyone will agree with me and are of the opinion that the children would call her 'Miss Price' still. I hope that you will still enjoy the fic even though I made this other choice.[Chapter 4] \"Charlie! Carrie! Where are you?\" Paul called out to his brother and sister, but no answer came. He kept on walking the unfamiliar streets, hoping to find something or someone he recognised. The streets were narrow and people were rushing past him. He heard the bells of Big Ben toil eight. His stomach grumbled. While he had looked forward to going on an adventure on the bed again, he did not really like being on his own like this. He had never been afraid to be on his own while he had lived in London, but London was big and he did not know where he was. To be with his siblings was different from being alone. When he was little^, he had played outside the door with his friends in the streets, but his mother had always been close. Or a neighbour. These days Aunt Eglantine was making sure he came home in time, she kept his stomach full and his clothes clean and sent him off to school. He looked around. There was a young woman leaning against the wall, smoking a cigarette. Paul walked up to her and plainly asked: \"Have you seen my brother or sister?\" \"Nah.\" She shrugged. \"Wot they look like, love?\" Her accent sounded familiar. The roughness, the melody, so different from Aunt Eglantine's sounded like happy times he had had with his mum. A tear welled up in his eyes. \"Charlie is about as tall as you and he has dark hair and he is wearing long trousers and he has a brown jumper and Carrie has a long plait and she is wearing her new shoes.\" The young woman laughed. \"Sorry, love, but no. You best run 'ome to yer Ma.\" Paul swallowed away the tears that threatened to fall and walked on. \"Emelius?\" Eglantine's voice sounded incredulous and happy. \"The one and only. As far as I know, of course.\" \"Oh...\" She was obviously dumbfounded and his own heart was doing spectacular somersaults at hearing her. \"Not a social call, I'm afraid my dear. I'm calling to tell you...\" \"That the children are with you.\" She plunged in. He chuckled. \"Yes, well, Carrie and Charles are, but Paul seems to have wandered off.\" He kept his voice as casual as possible, but knowing Eglantine, he was bracing himself for her answer. \"Wandered off?\" Her voice was dangerously calm. \"Probably into Seven Dials*.\" Silence on the other side of the line. \"He'll be fine. He's a dapper lad.\" \"I'm coming over. It will take a while to get on the train to London and then to arrive, but I'm coming now.\" \"Wait!\" He managed to shout so she wouldn't hang up on him. \"You could use a spell maybe?\" \"A spell?\" She whispered. He told her the words and the movement**. \"What if it doesn't work? Or halfway works? Or I'll find my arms are in London but my legs are still here?\" \"Won't happen.\" He spoke with confidence. \"You are a very powerful witch. I have every faith in you.\" Charlie and Carrie nodded enthusiastically in the background and Carrie called 'sorry!' towards the phone. \"I'll try.\" \"We'll see you shortly, then.\" \"Goodbye.\" \"Goodbye; my dearest.\" He replied awkwardly. Eglantine stared at the words she had jotted down. Deliberation seemed key and somehow it didn't seem very difficult to find that. Paul was missing and it was enough to want to find him as soon as possible, keeping him out of harms way and her worry for him fueled her with intention. She put on her coat and scarf and stepped into the drawing room. She pushed back the coffee table and took her place. Then gulping in a big breath, she moved and murmured the words. She felt as if she was being squeezed from head to toe through a rather too tight rubber band and it knocked the air out of her. The squeezing stopped and she opened her eyes, which she had shut tightly due to the force of the spell. She stumbled a little but managed not to fall. She was just brushing some dust (and soot, unfortunately, must be the London air) off her coat when she heard a boy's voice call out her name: \"Aunt Eglantine!\" The boy ran straight into her arms and she enveloped him in a warm embrace, kissing his cheeks and head. \"Oh Paul! I was so worried about you.\" He looked up with sparkling eyes. \"I knew you were still a witch!\" ^ Of course being seven is a lot bigger than being five - we are led to believe Paul is six in the movie and since a year has passed, he should be seven * Thank you Wikipedia and Google Maps for pointing out to me where the War Office is, where the Cockney Rhyming slang originated and for showing me where Emelius might be living ** I know this is totally stolen from Harry Potter, but I find it quite hard to come up with spells and such myself, so best 'borrow' from someone who can. Right?[Chapter 5] \"Do you think we'll find him?\" Carrie asked worriedly to no-one in particular. Emelius had taken the children to his flat, had called Eglantine and helped her with a spell he had once memorized - because he had believed in magic back then and he now knew it still existed and Eglantine would be able to work it without much trouble. He wondered where she'd end up: with him or with Paul. \"Yes.\" He rummaged around a drawer and pulled out a map of the city, folding it out, placing it on the table. \"We are now here.\" He pointed at the map. \"This is where I work.\" He pointed again. \"If the bed took you to me it should be between these two points because I had hardly stepped foot outside the door when I bumped into you two ruffians.\" He petted Carrie's head and winked at Charlie, letting them know he was only joking, trying to elevate the desperate atmosphere that had been building steadily since their arrival. \"We used to live around here.\" Charlie said and Emelius detected a trace of his former heavy accent, the Cockney Charlie had quickly shrugged off after having been made fun of in school. \"Where? Show me.\" He turned the map so Charlie could take a good look, but it was Carrie who immediately pointed at a small street off Earlham Street. \"Right. That narrows things down.\" Emelius found the stump of a pencil in his coat pocket and drew a circle around his flat, the War Office and Earlham Street. \"But he might have gotten in the wrong direction!\" Carrie said. \"Yes. But he is a seven year old boy and all the other children are in school, or ought to be, so he'll have been noticed. Lets go.\" \"Why did you not wait for Charles and Carrie, Paul?\" Eglantine asked after scanning her boy for injuries. \"I just wanted to find Professor Browne.\" Paul said plainly. Eglantine sighed. \"You ought to have gone to school. We don't know where Em.. the Professor is, he might be fighting at the front. What if the bed had brought you there?\" \"We would have twisted the knob and gone home, we did think about that.\" Paul sounded a bit hurt and Eglantine smiled at him. \"Why did you want to find him so badly you couldn't wait anymore?\" She took his hand and together they started walking in the direction Paul had come from. \"You were missing him so much and we were going to bring him home for you.\" \"Oh Paul\" She pulled the boy close to her. \"That is very sweet, but also very...\" She sighed. \"I don't think you thought about how worried I would be when I'd find you and your brother and sister and the bed gone this morning.\" Paul shook his head. \"I'm sorry.\" He mumbled and hid his head in her coat. They passed a young woman smoking a cigarette and flirting with a young soldier and she called over: \"I see you found yer Ma, love!\" Paul stuck up his thumb to her and Eglantine felt all warm and tingly and gave the girl a nod. \"Best get going.\" She managed to sound normal - she had no idea how she did it. \"Where do you think the bed is?\" \"I dunno, really.\" Paul responded and Eglantine corrected him gently: \" Don't know , Paul. \"We best go and find the others then. Do you know where they might be?\" \"No...\" Eglantine shook her head. \"No. Me neither.\" \"Where is the bed, Charlie?\" Emelius asked. He had raided his kitchen cabinets and found - besides another two apples - half a roll of biscuits and a few slices of white bread, which he quickly slathered with margarine* and put all of it in the paper bag the bread had come in. He handed it to Charlie. They left the flat and made their way to the bed, which was still in place and Carrie ran around it in hopes of finding her brother. \"I don't think he'd be able to find it by himself.\" Charlie said and he looked rather forlorn. \"Come now. What do we always say? Use your resources. There's three of us and we know Paul. He is a strapping lad and he is not shy. He'll have asked around for the pair of you. So that's what we'll do. Come on. If you went this way, he can only have gone in there so come on.\" He led the way and asked the children why they had taken off on the bed while he kept looking left and right for a little blonde boy. \"She misses you dreadfully.\" Carrie said. \"We decided to come and get you.\" Charlie added. \"But... I mean...\" Emelius was speechless. \"What do you mean she misses me?\" \"Aunt Eglantine. She hardly speaks of you, but she waits for the mailman every day and sometimes she mentions you. She looks very sad when we talk about you.\" Carried spoke candidly. \"I miss her too. I miss all of you.\" Emelius sighed. They were reaching the center of Seven Dials. \"Professor!\" Suddenly there was a warm hand in his and a child wrapping himself around him. \"Oh my boy\" He whispered before cuddling the young boy to him. When he looked up, he found Eglantine's smile was radiant as she stepped closer. \"Hello, Professor Browne.\" She said and he let go of Paul after a last ruffle through his hair. \"Hello, Miss Price.\" They stood across from each other and he could see how she was worrying her bottom lip and tears were welling up in her eyes and before he knew it, his arms were full of Eglantine and he pressed her to his chest. The children stood looking how Miss Price and the Professor embraced each other and how they found each other in a kiss that made Carrie blush, Charlie look away and Paul smile widely. He may have gotten lost, but at least he had made sure the Professor and Aunt Eglantine had found each other while searching for him. He was quite pleased with himself. Charlie swatted him upside the head and Carrie looked furious, but he didn't mind much. Soon they would all be travelling on the bed. Going home. * Butter shortages meant margarine was used as a substitute, but even that was getting scarce and was heavily rationed. But then again - it's Emelius, he'll rustle up any old thing he needs, my shady knight in armour[Chapter 6] Carrie was happily biting into an apple and smiled at her brothers. \"Do you think we'll be going home soon?\" She asked and settled against the brass bars of the bed. \"Hope so, I'm supposed to play footie this afternoon.\" Charlie said, checking his watch. It was getting on ten. \"Mister Green is going to be wondering where we were.\" Carrie worried suddenly. \"Oh, they'll come up with an excuse why we weren't in school this morning.\" Charlie said, easily dismissing Carrie's concerns. \"I just want to go home.\" Paul said and yawned. He flopped back on the bed and started to curl up. He bit into a slice of bread, chewing slowly. Charlie kept watching the Professor and Aunt Eglantine who were speaking in hushed tones. He could see little smiles cross Aunt Eglantine's face and they were holding hands as well. \"Be patient.\" He said and pulled his feet up. \"Charlie! Don't put your di'ty feet on the bed!\" Carrie admonished and pushed him off, making him fall on the pavement and he got up, looking angry. \"What'd'y'do that for!\" He shouted, his Cockney accent taking over in full. Carrie stood up and crossed her arms - she was almost as tall as he was now and not scared at all. \"Your shoes are di'ty, and it's me an' Aunt Eglantine havin' to do the washin' so I thank you to keep yer feet off.\" Before Charlie could answer though, the Professor popped up beside him. \"Anything wrong?\" HIs eyebrows arched, he sounded uncharacteristically stern. \"No... sorry\" Both children hung their heads and Paul scrambled up from his lying position on the bed. \"Can we go home now?\" Eglantine sat down on the edge of the bed and pulled Paul into her lap. The others sat down beside her, Emelius next to Charlie. \"You know that Em... Professor Browne is in the Army and you know how hard it is for any soldier to come home. We'll just have to be patient.\" Paul scrunched his face up angrily. \"But I want him to come home with us.\" \"Yes. I understand.\" She did understand. It was heaven to have him close, to hear his voice, to feel his lips gently touch the skin of her cheek, her lips, to have his hand closed around hers. \"Why can't he come with us, he's not fighting, he is here in London.\" Carrie said, her voice ragged with tears. \"He is doing very important work. He may not be wearing a uniform, but he is essential to the war effort.\" She swallowed hard. \"Can't 'e just do it from 'ome, then?\" Charlie sounded a bit rough still. \"No.\" Emelius said. \"I wish I could. I'd rather be with you in your warm cozy house, helping you all decorate the tree for Christmas, sharing your cocoa, maybe even sing a carol or two, but I can't. My work is here and I report to someone who is here too.\" \"You can take our bed.\" Paul offered and Eglantine was touched. \"Oh, thank you, my darling.\" She said and he turned to her. \"You've never called me that before.\" He informed her. \"Sorry.\" Eglantine apologised, not wanting to embarrass the boy, or somehow taint the memory of his mother - who must have used such terms of endearment while speaking to her children. \"It's alright. It's nice.\" Paul contentedly snuggled against her and she smoothed his hair over his temple. \"So if 'e can 'ave the bed,\" Charlie started, making his customary gesture with his thumb and Emelius shook his head while Eglantine corrected his language. \"No, I have to be here. And I can't live in your house, I'd have to find rooms in the village.\" \"Why can't you just live with us?\" Carrie asked timidly. She was crying and he hated it. Her tears when he had left them after juggling the apples, after Mrs Hobday had come to tell them there was a new place for the children, had haunted him during his walk to the station as much as Eglantine's face. He had dreamt of staying with them and he had left anyway. Then there was the small battle they had fought, Eglantine, the children, the museum pieces, him and he had made the decision to do the right thing: he had enlisted, gone to basic training and then had been handpicked to work at the War Office. The children were right. He was not really a soldier, but he had a rank - a not-too-shoddy one either and he was, in his heart, a gentleman. He could not live under Eglantine's roof. Not without... he coughed. What a thing to think on a weekday morning around elevenses. \"Because I am needed here.\" He answered, letting it be a half truth. \"You are needed with us.\" Paul spoke again and Eglantine hugged him even closer to him. She didn't look up, but he noticed a tear or two dropping into the child's hair as she was bent over him. \"I know.\" He stood up from the bed, pacing up and down a few times. \"Look, I know it's hard and I don't like it either, but I am working so the war will be over soon and then we can all be together.\" Eglantine looked up. \"If you want.\" He said directly to her and his heart hammered painfully in his chest. She nodded almost imperceptibly. He swallowed hard and nodded too. Emelius' chuckle sounded unnatural and she could see his eyes gleaming. She gave Paul a last little squeeze, pulled back the bedspread and told the children to hop in. \"Time to go home.\" She said with forced cheer. She watched the children get in the bed reluctantly, Charles* grumbling, Carrie crying, Paul with a trembling bottom lip. Eglantine turned to Emelius and reached for his hand. \"We'll miss you. Please be safe.\" She said. She did not know what he was doing here in London and she did not know if he would remain there. All she knew was that she wished she could take him with her. Home. At least he had asked her if they could be together after the war. It was an understanding and it was all she could ask for. The rest would come in good time. He leaned in and kissed her again. She put her arms around his neck and kissed him back. When they let go, she could not help but swear: \"I hate this bloody war!\" He tilted her chin with his finger, looking deep in her eyes. \"Without the war we would never have met, my dear. I'll come back as soon as I can. The war won't last forever.\" With those words he escorted her back to the bed and made sure everyone was settled. \"Goodbye, all of you.\" He said, taking off his head, waving it a few times. \"Bye, Professor.\" The children said, their voices sad. \"It will all be alright, you'll see.\" He promised. She could see how it pained him to say the words, words he could not know if they were true. \"The knob, Paul.\" Eglantine said, her voice as stern as if she was still not used to having to look after three children. Emotion, she reckoned. Nerves. They waved to Emelius as the bed started to move. When he was no longer in sight, she pulled both Carrie and Paul closer to her sides and put her hand on Charles' arm. When they landed in the boys' bedroom, Cosmic Creepers hissed from the top of the armoire. * Only Eglantine calls Charlie 'Charles' - I think it's partly because she wants him to feel respected and almost grown up and partly because this way she can show him she is not trying to be his mother - who would have called him 'Charlie' no doubt[Chapter 7] Charles was singing terribly off key and both Carrie and Paul were laughing heartily at their older brother's antics. Even Eglantine had to crack a smile over the boy's behaviour. In recent days it had become clear that Emelius would not be joining them for Christmas, as he had warned them. But hope had still fluttered in her chest and she - and the children - had still been disappointed. She had tried to tell herself she was lucky to have seen him in London just a few weeks prior and that they had spoken on the phone twice since then. It was more than most military wives could boast about. Now it was the afternoon of Christmas Eve and they were decorating the tree, eating cookies she and Carrie had concocted (Eglantine hoped that rationing would be a blessed memory sooner rather than later*) and before long they'd be changing and going to church. Eglantine would be joining the congregation with the children to celebrate Christmas and she was looking forward to it. The singing, the sermon. She hoped it would give her some comfort for the days to come. Of course she was well aware she had a lot to be thankful for - her three charges were healthy and moderately happy (she did have her run-ins with Charles and even with Carrie from time to time and Paul was still suffering nightmares), she was as happy as was possible and Emelius was still in London, safely out of harm's way. Or so she chose to believe. She picked up her cup of cocoa and took another sip. If she had not had the children here, she would have added a drop of brandy. Or two. Paul was now doing a silly little jig which made her laugh out loud and Carrie looked relieved to see it. \"Do you think Father Christmas will come tonight?\" Paul asked, his eyes twinkling with anticipation. \"I don't know Paul. With the war on and him having to look after children who are worse off than you, he might pass us by.\" Eglantine answered, thinking how she had wrapped presents for all three children the evening before while they were sleeping. \"But...\" He sucked in his bottom lip to keep from crying. \"On the other hand: he is magical. We all know how strong magic can be. He might just pop by.\" She smiled. \"We'll have to wait and see. But now you all drink the last of your cocoa and we'll have something to eat. We're going to church after supper, so you all wash your hands and faces.\" \"Awh...\" Paul and Charles grumbled. \"No complaining, please. You will wash or there will be no supper. Understood?\" Carrie was joyfully singing along with the choir and Charlie was sneaking peeks at one of the girls in the pew on the other side of the isle and Aunt Eglantine was also singing, her hands pressed together so tightly her knuckles had turned white. Paul had counted all the orange windows and all the green ones. He had eaten his way through a bag of peppermints and he was now tapping his shoes together on the rhythm of the carol. Which was very slow. He was very glad service was nearly over. He was very bored and he wanted to go home, to bed, so he could maybe hear Father Christmas coming and putting his presents in his stocking or under the tree. He had tried to be a good boy, especially after they had run off to find the Professor, but it wasn't always easy with Charlie for a brother and having friends at school who were always up for an adventure. He often thought about how they had gone to Namoombu and the Professor had played referee and he often thought about the way he had hopped about Portobello Road. Charlie had told him he should write Father Christmas and Carrie had agreed, telling him she had done it herself, so he had been working on it every morning before breakfast. He had asked Aunt Eglantine to help him with difficult words and she had spelled them out while buttering his toast and pouring tea. He was very glad he had asked her to post it. Now at least Father Christmas knew what he wanted. He was cold and he had been jangled around in the second class coach for hours. The train had left from Waterloo in the relative daylight, but most of his travel had been conducted in the train. There had been few lights on, not enough to read his book at least. He was tired, having worked all through the night and the jostling was jarring his nerves. He hoped his presents had survived as he picked up his suitcase and the bag containing some wrapped gifts. From Father Christmas to the children. From Emelius to Eglantine When he arrived at that small station where he had once seen a vision of Eglantine, he checked the clock in the station's waiting room. He'd be there in about half an hour if he walked briskly. If he was lucky enough to avoid running into anyone. He should be safe though - most people would still be in church on the other side of the village. He would be able to sneak in, maybe get a kettle going, plate up the biscuits he had managed to procure and warm through. When they open the door, the lights are on** and for a moment Eglantine is worried they may have been robbed, but it's warm and she is certain she had killed the fire before they went into the village. She doubts very much robbers will have made themselves a fire. She takes off her hat and coat and helps Paul with his boots while the others peel off their coats and scarves. Paul pushes open the door to the living room and he shouts: \"Father Christmas has gotten my letter! He got my letter! Look! Charlie! Aunt Eglantine! Carrie! Father Christmas came early!\" The boy is jumping up and down and pointing at the sofa, where the figure of Emelius Browne is curled up under a woolen plaid. He is fidgeting a bit and the children run to him, pouncing on him, making him sit up, startled and happy. He kisses Carrie on the cheek, ruffles Paul's hair, pats Charles on the shoulder and Paul keeps shouting 'Father Christmas read my letter' over and over until Eglantine scrapes her throat, still standing in the doorway, watching her noisy bunch celebrate their Christmas miracle. \"Good evening, Mr Browne.\" She then says, her voice soft but clear. He gently pushes the children away, gets up and is with her in two strides, wrapping his arms around her and she is enveloped in tobacco, Old Spice and he kisses her. She kisses him back. When they withdraw - coaxed by the children's whooping and Charles' 'ehw' she sighs. \"Welcome home.\" She croaks. \"Merry Christmas.\" He says, looking around to the children who join them in a cuddle. For the first time in a very long while, Christmas feels like something worth celebrating and the house feels like a home. Then it strikes her: A house is not a home until love is shared. It had been there between her and the children, but there always was something missing. A magical element. And he is here now. Home. * Rationing would not be over for a very long time to come, unfortunately - even after the war, rationing was still something people had to deal with on a daily basis. The final rationing (of meat and bacon) ended in July 1954 ** They would not have been able to see from the road due to the black out A/N: Thank you everybody for reading this little story and for your kind comments and PMs! I hope you have had a very happy Christmas (or having a good winter season so far) and also that you will be following the Browne-Price-Rawlins' adventures this winter - for we all can use a bit of warmth when it's cold (in the Northern hemisphere, if you are Down Under, all I can say is: can you ever have too much fluff?) THANK YOU EVERYBODY FOR READING, REVIEWING AND BEING GENERALLY AWESOME! ","Summary":" A/N: Multi-chapter fic, child friendly for now, but you never know what happens when grown ups find"},{"Movie":"A Christmas Story","Title":"Yamina Christmas Story","Author":"Cocori","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8577834","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Its started off at the top of the highest skyscraper building that was, Shanjoku. Yamina knew what was coming next, her holiday Christmas lights where tangled around her whole body. She stared off into the crazed world of Blinkeh. A smile slowing formed on her mouth as the Christmas lights became to unwrap and fall off her. \"Yamina\" the voice came out of no were. Yamina slowly turned around to see Isaku waiting for her. \"Yamina.don't It doesn't have to be this way\" he said as he began to approach her \"NO Isaku. It does have to be this way!\" Yamina quicky slashed the Christmas lights at Isaku. The lights busted sending sparks everywhere. two days earlier Yamina its time to put up the tree. It was Christmas time up in the John city. Yamina was busy sexting her boyfriend, Isaku till she heard her dad scream up at her. She doesn't really know why he screams but it may be because he has a disorder. Her dad had the (Slow mf disorder) it doesn't really exist so don't get offended cause you don't have it. Anyways... Yamina quick \"threw down her phone\" causing it to smash into a bunch of piece, the only thing you hear from the phone is it shutting down... maybe to never turn back on. She quicky -flew- down them stairs that lead to her closet like bedroom. Her dad was also becoming impatient, he yelled -no screamed at the top of his lungs for Yamina to hurry up. Yamina came running down the hallway to were the living room was located where her dad was just beginning to put up the tree. \"finally... FINALLLY...!\" \"I'm here ,.. I'M HERE!\" Yamina yelled reassuringly while panting heavily, while Yamina's dad let the tree fall while he quickly grabbed up the Christmas lights at tossed them to Yamina. \"put...these...in...the...kitchen...NOW!\" Yamina struggling to hold all those lights took her dear sweet time getting to the kitchen, which was located in the basement. Yamina didn't know why her family decided to put their kitchen in the basement, but then again she didn't really care. Yes all Yamina truly cared about was her boyfriend Iskau, and what she cared even more was how she was going to spend her Christmas with him. Now I know you probably wondering about Yaminas other friends right? Yamina had only two other people who she considered her friends. Their names are Smaki and Hufu, Hufu had an insane crush on Yamina and made sure to visit her and her family every Christmas. Yamina and her dad moved to her grandmas house every Christmas, and every Chistmas the same routine occurred Hufu would ring grandmas door bell about 17 times, then dad would come answer the door and complain and ask why Hufu was here. Hufu would explain he was here for Yamina and brought penicl pie... -_- yes pencil pie. A pie baked with pencils in it... anyways to excuse him self just out of respect. Hufu knew Yaminas dad was crazy over pencil pie and knew he would be let in if he always brought some. Yamina still in the basement quickly came running back up stairs to the door to greet Hufu, she got heself all tangled up in the Christmas lights. Looking like a buffoon she smiled a face smile at Hufu to say \"why the hell are you always here\", and Hufu would smile back a friend smile as to say \"To be with you... you crazed buffoon\" while looking her up and down, seeing her all tangled up in Christmas lights. \"NOW... Hufu... YOU... will help Yamina with preparing dinner BEFORE granny returns\" Yamina's dad said crazily - granny was currently out buying several bags of gummy bears- Hufu did and Yamina's father asked and followed Yamina, yes -_- who was still tangled up in christmas lights, to the kitchen. Hufu was use to this routine by now to and went straight to the cadets that had beautiful wooden plates. It was tradition to use wooden silver wear every Christmas. During the time him and Yamina were alone he would ask questions that he already knew the answer to just to hear Yamina's voice. But something was wrong, Yamina didn't answer her usual crazy answer which was clear ( by the way thats not a color ). Instead she continued to set out placemats she got from the same cabinet Hufu got the wooden plates from. Hufu after just staring for a while, while setting out the plates decided to ask her another question. \"SO... today Smaki won a trophy today in the fishing tournament. Yamina still remained recation-less she then slowy turned to Hufu after setting down the last placemat and said \"I...I...\" \"what...what is it Yamina...?\" \"these Christmas lights...\" \"what?\" \"...they're strangling me\" Hufu realized she was right, she was turning some-what red now and struggling to walk. Hufu just giggled and walked over to help her take them off till she screamed \"NO!\" Hufu quickly backed away confused, when she continued with \"No.. I...I like the CHristmas lights... please... let the lights do what they want.\" Hufu was like \"...okay...what is with you and Christmas lights\" Yamina just smiled and they laughed it off. By then the doorbell rang again, everyone was sure it was granny. Yamina's father came to the door again and there granny stood with several packs of gummy bears neatly place in he ( old ass) purse.[Chapter 2] Granny quickly walked in, she had no time to waste, she slammed her purse on the table sending the gummy bear packs flying out on to the table. Alright well granny wasn't a normal granny, yah see she was...a gangster granny. Hufu and Yamina waited nicely next to the table, everything looked perfect. Granny then said \"yo yo yeszahs whaz happen'in my hommayes, I got the shit right here\" she pointed down to the several pack of gummy bears spread across the table \"thats..excellent\" Hufu replied, not really meaning it. Granny always brought gummy bears for the strangest reason of making gummy bear meatloaf, along with marshmallow salad, with the lettuce, ranch dressing, an yes fluffy white marshmallows. -_-... Yamina then asked \"granny my shizzle, would you like me to prepare the shit\" \"yeah yeah wat u think put that - on the stove right nows\" \"as you wish granny my shizzle\" Granny preferes to be called (granny my shizzle) as her gangster name. Its also what her so called hommies on the street call her. Granny was a strange granny indeed she had no respect for her family to be honest, the only reason why she allowed them to celebrate Christmas each year at her house was so that on the night of Christmas she could rob the nearest bank and look unexpected when the police came to the house. Granny always wore the baggy army pants that always made her look like she was in the military. Lastly sense granny was the elder she was to be the up most respected in the house, and the rest of the family must adjust to her costumes even if she doesn't respect you, and is asked to be called (granny my shizzle she whenever addressed.) Yamina quickly grabbed three packs of gummy bears, and opened them into a boiling pot of hot water. The gummy bears immediately turned in to liquid. Yamina then dumped a thing of mystery meat into the pot, causing it to boil and pop. it all turned into liquid. \"...Hows it going to become meat again?\" huff questioned. Yamina didn't answer she just continued to stir and mix it all up. ti Hufu then tried to assist by grabbing a spoon and trying to stir to. Yamina just stirred faster, she knew that this was going to be their christmas dinner and she wasn't going to let Hufu ruin it. Hufu moved in closer as he tried to get a good stirring spot. Hufu began to intercept Yamina's personal bubble him to blush slightly. Yamina also knew what was coming new, Hufu was going to make a move, this made her nervous bit yet also very anger because she was with some one else who will soon be introduced later in the story. Hufu came close enough, to were Hufu and Yamina were literally at (hand holding space). Hufu expanded his arm and tried to reach it over Yamina while they continued to stir. Yamina grew angry very fast and came at him fast with a -bitch slap- sending Hufu falling and tumbling across the room. \"Damn! Yamina!...\" \"...You had that mess coming you SOB\" \" sniffles that was completely unnecessary!...\" \"...Ay Ay!... shut da hell up both of you! don't y'all know the polices' a looking\" granny spat, sitting next to the table near the window. She looked extremely nervous she knew the police were looking for here. \"GRANNY my SHIZZLE, have yOu SUCcessFUlly robbed the STore again\" \"yo yo yo you knows it!\" granny replies and high fives dad. They could clearly see the police outside now searching frantically for the mysterious old lady stole several packs of gummy bears. It wasn't long till Yamina finished preparing the gummy bear meatloaf and Hufu finished the marshmallow salad, sense Yamina was being a bitch and bitchin Hufu for trying to help her with preparing the gummy bear meatloaf. Granny of course was the first to sit at the table she groaned and moaned to the strange smell of candy mixed up with meat. Dad was the second to sit down, he picked up the wooden plat neatly place in front of him and began to eat it. Hufu was the third to sit down, and he reached into his pocket and pulled out a sandwich he knew the gummy bear meatloaf was fit for someone to eat with out getting sick. Lastly Yamina sat down and got her self a big serving of the marshmallow salad and gummy bear meatloaf- and yes she was still tangled tightly up in the Christmas lights. \"say the blessin's you SOB's\" granny spat like a crazed old bat Hufu did the honors and did as granny constructed, and they all quickly dug in to their meals. By this time it was night out side and once dinner was over Yamina would go to bed wake up tomorrow and help set of the rest of the decorations for the Christmas which was the after tomorrow next day.[Chapter 3] Yamina was peacefully sleeping in her bed aside from her broken smart phone. Hufu slept in the kitchen, the reason for this was because non of the family members really gave a care for him so no one took the time to make a room, set out a bed, or at least let him sleep on the couch...-_-.. yes thats the kind of family they are, if you haven't already realized that from each family members behavior already then you need to stop reading this chapter and skim over the first two. Dad slept in his room that was provided for him each year and Yamina slept in her room that was also provided for her. This day was Christmas eve and today Christmas decorations would be put up. Yamina woke steadily from her sleep and looked right at her broken phone still left in the place she through it at. Yamina was use to breaking her phone, she could never just place it down like a normal person, she always felt the need to throw it. Yamina stared at the phone questioning how she would contact Isaku. She then steeped out of bed deciding she was going to use the house phone to contact him, but then tripped over the christmas lights that were still tangled around her body. The Chirstmas lights were still somewhat strangling her, but she didn't care, although she did wonder how it was going to work out if she tried to take a bath or shower. An image came into her head of herself being electrocuted. She just laughed and then grabbed the the house phone to dial in Iskau's phone number. It rung for a little while... then transferred to voice mail. Getting somewhat annoyed she quickly dialed in again. It rang and rang but no one answered and the call went to voice mail again. \"...I..sa..ku...?\" she said worried, then just shrugged and decided she was going to caring the house phone with her through out the whole day so that when he does call back she'll be ready. She then heard someone down in the basement-kitchen. It was probably Hufu so she didn't care much till she heard. \"Yamina my sweet, you may now help me with breakfast\" furious Yamina replied \"Make your own breakfast yah goddamn bitch ass mother fucker!\" \"Yamina! such profanity!\" Yamina rolled her eyes then replied \" Well I wouldn't have to if you weren't such a bitch\" \"aww...Yamina... your just so cute\" Hufu moaned a little \"...Hufu!\" Yamina screamed like banshee as she came crashing down the stairs all the way to where Hufu was located. \"Ahh so you have decided to join me...\" \"BITCH!\" Yamina quickly came at him with a -bitch slap- But this time Hufu caught her hand and pulled it down and past his side locking them into a hug. Hufu smiled cleverly, as Yamina stared at him in shock and a blush quickly came over her. He then slowly released her hand and turned back to a stove to prepare breakfast. Yamina still in utter shock prepared to -bitch slap- again but then stopped and lowered her hand still blushing. \"You son of a-\" ~ dad walks in~ \" YAmINa HAve YOu PrEPareD YoUr SELF!\" \"prepared myself?\" \"GeT ThE DECORATIONS!\" Yamina just rolled her eyes and began stomping towards the door way, but before she went up the stairs she took another look at Hufu who was busy stirring something in a pot. Hufu had never been able to stop Yamina from -bitch slapping- him, how could this be? Could it be possible that Hufu is becoming sharp or along he could stop her from slapping but didn't until just now. And a better question would be why now, Hufu never really seemed to be hurt by the slap despite his cussing that came right after the slap and it was more as like he enjoyed it. \"But why would he enjoy it?\" Yamina questioned further, before Yamina could really think about it the phone rang, snapping Yamina right out and quickly answering it. \"Isaku...\" \"...Yamin...a...\" It was Isaku, as Yamina had predicted, the sound of his voice made Yamina so happy. \"I tried to call you, but the stupid phone kept sending me to your voice mail,...( hehe )stupid phone\" \"Yamina...\" \"I was like, get a hold of him!, get a hold of him!\" \"Yamina... theres something I need to tell you...\" \"And all I could do wa-\" \"Yamina!\" Yamina quite down and began to listen closely when Isaku continued with \"I...I... Yamina I'm sorry I can't do this any more I just plain and simple can't, the CLD is getting out of control, I can't bare to see you like this anymore... I.. I... want to be able to help you but your going to want to help yourself first...\" \"...N-no... not the lights... NOT THE LIGHTS!\" \"...Yamina I just found out from Dr. Gofayan, CLD will eventually kill you!... Yamina I love you and I want you to be safe... so please!...let-let me help you...help yourself\" ~so you confused? thought you might be, so allow me to explain. Isaku is Yamina's boyfriend who she was texting in chapter one. Him being Yamina's boyfriend, loves her and wants to protect her in every way. So he has been doing some research and has found from his doctor that CLD- which is Christmas Lights Disorder, will eventually kill you. Isaku has known that Yamina has had this for many years, while it disturbed him he didn't know how to stop it or help her. SO after a long time of research Isaku finally found a way, and knowing that this still be hard for Yamina, he will try every thing he can to protect her.~ Yamina continued with, now practically about to drop the phone, \" No you-you can't Isaku...\" she began to whine \"Yamina...put Hufu on the phone\" ~ while Isaku didn't really like Hufu, he knew he also had feelings for Yamina and would protect her, so asking Yamina to put Hufu on the line was a disregard to through her off, because if they were to continue with there conversation, it would most likely end up in him having to hang up.~ \" WHY huh why you want to talk to him... don't you love me!\" \"...Yami.. you know I do and thats why I need to help you\" \"...( can her the small muffle of crying )...\" then the phone is hung up...[Chapter 4] Chapter 4, Yamina cared for Isaku and knew he cared for her to, but the Christmas lights meant to much to her. She shuck her head vigorously at the thought of him trying or attempting to remove the Christmas lights. Yamina stood at a little shaken and when her dad passed up the stairs and saw how she looked he questioned crazily \"YAmInA ITS every THING aLL Right?\" Yamina chose not to answer she held her head down then slowly pick up the phone that she hung up and threw it at her dad. Her dad was quick and quickly grabbed it before it could impact his face. \"YaminA!, what HAVE I toLD yOU AboUT throwing THe PHoneS, I DoN't CarE iF yoU THrow yOuR phOne aNd BrEak it BUT WHEN YOU THROW YOUR FAMILY'S PHONE AND BREAK IT, YOUR ASKING FOR IT!\" \"I'm sorry dad... but I just...( begins to whine a little again) love the Christmas lights\" Yamina's dad saw that Yamina was pretty upset, then just shrugged and continued to walk up the stairs, and for once in his whole life spoke with out yelling \"I don't know what just happened and frankly I don't really give a damn, but if you throw that house phone one mo gin... (mummers) I am personally going to kick your a-\" Yamina watched her dad amazed, and wide eyed, he had never spoke like that. This was especially strange because Yamina's dad had a disorder to, and she also knew he cared dearly about the phones to, just as she cared dearly about the Christmas lights, the relationship the dad had with the phones was one Yamina could never understand. Just as the dad could never understand the relationship Yamina had with the Christmas lights. In fact Yamina could see that her dad cared more about the god damn phones than her (sometimes). Yamina was no idiot despite her slang talking -bitch slapping- and CLD attitude. she knew if she threw a family phone one last time, her dad would literally strangle her. Still though, she was pretty pissed at the conversation she had with Isaku. She angrily stopped over to where the rest of the Christmas decorations where and picked up a box full of them. She needed some alone time and knew how to get some. She went outside, slamming the door behind her and began to set up the decorations. Mumbling a phew things here and there, while Yamina did this she didn't pay any attention to the strange- happening around her. The sky was a dark pale baby blue filled with light grey clouds-probably full of snow-. Although something was off, the sky had a dark grey-black mist sparkling traveling through it. Yamina didn't even bother to look up for she was to busy still thinking about how Isaku wanted to remove the Christmas lights, she knew he cared dearly for her but she also loved those Christmas lights. Yamina continued to put up Christmas decorations till she came across a decoration that was frosty the snow man. She stared at him for a while before to slap the plastic decoration sending the small light bulb falling out, and shattering in the grass. \"damn... damn.. you frosty... damn you!\" she screamed at the plastic frosty the snow man. Whiling clinging on the decoration. ~Yaminas dad over hearing her~ \"YAMINA sTOP All THaT ScReAMIng!\" \"It wasn't me it was the damn frosty the snow man!\" Yamina felt like crying again she was very emotional when it came to her having to chose between the one she loved and the Christmas lights. at this point Yamina could take no more, She dropped the frosty the snow man decoration and began to walk of the yard into the drive way then into the street, and on to the side walk down to town in Blinkeh. Yamina's granny saw Yamina leave but didn't really care and just shrugged as she sat in the window like a old widow with her army pants on and a bandana. Hufu just got done making everyone breakfast and came over to granny who was so crazily staring out the window, \"Granny my shizzle, is there anything wrong?\" Granny didn't answer at first then slowly turned around to him a gave a cheesy smile, \"Yo its nothing, I just looking at- quickly interrupted by Hufu-\" \"whoa look at that sky,... how long has it been like that?...\" \"EH I don't know boy, why do chezz make yah self useful and go bring me my breakfast.\" \"- Hufu not really listening- Hey is that... Yamina...\" \"Bitch! I told yeh to go brin-h me my breakfast\" \"...But what about Yamina... where is she going... where is my l-... stops and things about granny being right next to him. ...uh still do you know where she's going?\" \"NOPE and frankly I don't give a damn, but if you not 'bout to go get me my breakfast you can leave and nevah come back.\" \"But...Yamina?..\" Granny looked up at Hufu, discussed , then rolled her eyes and said \"fine you want to go to Yamina.. GO!, but on one condition, you will bring me back some money.\" With out giving it a thought Hufu quickly rushed out the door and began to go after Yamina who was far up the street now heading down town for some strange reason. -Granny watching out the window- \" yep bitch you better bring me money, I'm gonna make sure I have a merry Christmas \"[Chapter 5] Chapter 5, The wind blew crazily, causing Yamina's hair to cover her face as she walked down the side walk, now down-town, in Blinkeh town. She was no longer in John City, she had a half smile and frown on her face. Know one didn't quite know where she was going and Hufu still remained following her. Yamina, still tangled up in the Christmas lights, walked tripping somewhat and still being strangled. Hufu was going to call out to Yamina but decided it would be best not to. If Yamina found Hufu following her she would A. begin to run and probably injure her self with the Christmas lights B. stare Hufu down and not say anything or C. come at him with a bitch-slap. So Hufu didn't say anything to avoid those following. They walked for a while passing stores and the streets, at one point Yamina walked out in the open street. The cars slid and screeched as the rubber wheels skid across the street, beeping the horns of their cars, and people began yelling out of their cars to Yamina \"BITCH! watch where your walking\" \"I almost ran you over! what are like slow\" \"DAMN GET OUT OF THE STREET!\" People in their cars continued to yell at Yamina as she continued down some of the main streets causing all kinds of traffic. She ignored the people, clearly hearing them but not paying no attention, intact she was beginning to get pissed off by them and imagined herself flicking off the next person who said something. Some of the drivers began guttering the engines of their cars, as a sign to you better get your ass out of the middle of the street before we run your over. Yamina still ignored and after about 15 minutes passed, with her still walking down the middle of the street to God know where, Yamina began to her the sirens of police cars. She swung her head around crazily trying to pinpoint where exactly it was coming from. Hufu knew things were about to get bad so he did something he knew he'd probably later regret \"Yami!...\" Yamina swung her head hard enough to send it flying off to Hufu. She stared at him like a deer in head lights before bolting like a bears. Hufu knew he was going to have to run to if he was going to keep up with her. Cars were now blocking Yaminas path down the street so she picked up speed and prepared herself to jump on them. Yamina knew what she was getting herself in to as she could her the voices of policemen saying \"Stop young girl ,STOP!\" As she began to really pick up speed all in her gut told her to jump on the car, do it! And when she felt her feet lift off the ground, and the person inside the cars scream \"Bitch! on no you don't\" while pressing a button with in the car that caused the front lid of the car to pop open. Yaminas right foot landed on the lid causing it to slam shut but her foot began to slip she then feel all together sideways making her land on another car parked right next to the one she tried to jump on. Hufu utterly shocked and just about caught up with Yamina now asked \"Yamina are you okay?... please be okay...\" The driver that popped open the front lid of her car stood confused at Yamina with a sign on her face that said, \" I know you did not just try to jump some cars you little girl\" Yamina not even acknowledging the driver, got up then stared at Hufu who was now more worried than ever \"Please just tell me your alright?\" Yamina raised her hand preparing to bitch slap, she was furious with Hufu but also somewhat glad he came. \"Yamina what the hell where you thinking, no better yet where the hell you going?\" \" Yamina didn't answer, she only gave a look that said to do something I should have done along time a go.\" she then said \"Will...will you come with me?\" Some-what shocked he just nodded then helped her up and then they slowly climb back up on another car with the driver in it yelling all kinds of words at them. The police by now were approaching them quickly but Hufu and Yamina where already leaping from car roof to car roof, sense it was still a long traffic line of cars. The police hesitated to shoot because they didn't want things to get out of hand and make everyone/ the citizens scared. Yamina, along with Hufu following right behind her did this till they reached the end of the traffic line and where at the foot of this tall skyscraper. \" Yamina turning to Hufu slowly and sympathetically Well this is it...\" \"what do you plan to do... come on lets just go back to Granny's house.\" \"I can't go back...\" \"why?\" Yamina leaned in closely to Hufu... causing him to begin to blush. She grabbed both of his hands and said \"thank you...thank you for everything... thank you for coming to see me every Christmas... Thank you for always being there for me when ever I'm going through a hard time...thank you for being my friend\" \"Y- but before Hufu had a chance to respond, he was brought in to a soft some-what sad kiss that seemed to feel like she was saying goodbye\" Yamina broke away after about 30 seconds into it, because she heard the police. Yamina quickly ran into the front doors of the entrance leading into the huge skyscraper. She didn't look back, she didn't say anything she only ran to where , only God knows where.[Chapter 6] Chapter 6, Yamina walked steadily through the skyscraper building. She left Hufu just like that, at the entrance. He still didn't follow her, somewhat still shocked at what happened, and somewhat nervous. She looked around and saw the elevator and the stairs. \"which one should I take?\" Yamina thought and turned her hands into fist trying to think which would talk the shortest, she the shot up and caught her right fist/hand in her left hand \"I got it!\" She quickly ran to the stairs where a sign was placed right nest to the first step. It said floor 1... she looked around and found the floor was surprisingly empty with the exception of one lady siting behind a desk and strangely staring at Yamina \"Um mama can I help you?\" \"Um... yes I...I need...\" Yamina stuttered as she walked over then shot up and smiled \"ah ha this\" Yamina picked up a pamphlet that said Shanjoku tower, \"gonna need this if I plan on walking taking the stairs\" \"the...stairs?\" Yamina ignored then walked back over to the stairs and began to start walking, now reader do be in mind that this skyscraper was one of the tallest in the world,... now do you really think she was smart by deciding to take the stairs other than the elevator... I guess will find out later. ~3 and a half hours later~ Yamina was half way up in the building, her legs extremely tired, she painted and was sweating, she still had the Christmas lights tangled around her and this made it all the more harder, Yamina also lost track of time. She stared crazily at the elevator that was not to far away on the current floor she was on. All her might was telling her to just get on the elevator but she still refused. The pamphlet she was caring war know all bent out of shape, it drooped down with bits and piece of it torn off . This was because she got hungry and had nothing else except the Christmas lights, her clothes, and the pamphlet. SO she decided the best thing to eat would be the pamphlet. Yamina's stomach groaned, for some real food, and she was truly nearing her limit. Unable to comprehend what would happen next if she continued to climb the stairs. Meanwhile back at the granny's house, Granny was still sitting next to the window still peering out of it like an old bat. \"Hufu...you better bring me money...\" granny whispered to herself \"GRanNY My ShIZZle, WHAT Are yoU DoiNG?\" dad asked \"yo yo yo whazhappenin my homeie, I'm a just look out this here window\" \"Has YAmInA CoME In, NO! wAit HAs She BRokE Any HOUSE PHONES!\" \"nah hun, can shay I a seen her but if I do I'za tell yah don't worry a'ight\" \"BUT ISN'T SHE STILL PUTTING CHRISTMAS DECORATIONS OUTSIDE STILL\" \"Nah...\" \"ThEn WHerE Is ShE?\" \"eh\" \"Eh?\" \"eh\" Granny and dad had their moment of awkwardness, then dad slowly walked over to the front door and looked out to see if Yamina was still outside, to his surprise she wasn't. Dad then turned to Granny who deliberately avoided his eye contact. Granny knew that Yamina left a while ago but, she didn't really care and therefore didn't say a word. Dad gave Granny a look of sadness, he had no idea where his daughter went while Granny knew and was acting like she didn't. Granny looked down sadly to, the look her son just gave her made her feel like, \"I could have alert mentioned something\" After all they all were family, and a family looks after each other no matter what. Dad knew that Granny had no respect for either one of them but she should still have enough courtesy in her to at least alert her parent. \"... Granny slowly looked up at Dad... Boy your daughter left hours ago!, I ain't sure fo sure but she looked pretty damn pissed. And I'd a say that she da probably gone somewhere to release all that damn angry\" Dad nodded in thanks to Granny's response and quickly fled out the door to find Yamina, dad knew that Hufu was also MIA but to tell the true he didn't really give a damn about Hufu unless pencil pie was involved. \" Ay bring me back some money, if you don't, don't come back at all a'ight \" Hufu was still stand outside Shanjoku tower, he still couldn't believe Yamina actually kissed him. It was like a dream come true, he looked back to see if the police were still coming but they weren't? The police gave up long ago, they were currently at the coffee chop having themselves some donuts and coffee. Hufu just shrugged it had been about a few hours now and Yamina had still not come out the skyscraper. Plus still being un aware what she was doing in the first place, so he decided to go in and search. ~about two hours later~ Yamina had finally made it to the top of Shajoku tower. Yamina had successfully made it to the top with the help of a janitor who carried her some what the rest of the way, he told her \"give me some of that on your way down babe\" along with a weird room number. Yamina just shrugged and continued to climb the last few floors till she finally made it to the top, and opened the door that led outside. The sky was, a mixture of dark red and black with black clouds. Yamina then heard the voice of someone she knew \"So you came... I had a feeling you were going to do something like this...\" Yamina walked out to the center of the sky floor then slowly turned to see someone she didn't expect. Then stuttered \"I...I...Isa..ku..\"[Chapter 7] Final Chapter 7, Yamina stared blankly at the one she loved the most. The person she wanted to spend her Christmas with from the very beginning was standing right before her. Isaku continued with \"I... I came to help you\" \"...\" Yamina had only a wide eyed response \"...h...ho...how...\" \"Yamina let me explain\" \"explain what.. how...how did you GET HERE!\" Isaku slowly began to approach Yamina as she began to back away, bringing her closer and closer to the edge of the skyscraper. \"I got her as quickly as I could because I feared for your life... Yamina please... let me help you...help yourself\" The wind began to blow steadily, causing Yamina's hair to billow in it, she then looked at the ground to her feet, letting her arms and head completely drop. \"Y..Yamina..?\" no answer or response came from her this time only until he began to inch a little closer. She burst out it to a crazy laughter, that made Isaku even more nervous and cautious. \"hehe I get it now...\" as Yamina said this a strange reaction began to happen with the lights, they began to turn on and levitate. 'Your...your not going to take them from me!\" Yamina sounded like a witch, her voice deepened and her eyes glowed yellow. Isaku quickly jumped back as this happened and said. \"Oh shit\" crackles of lights began to shoot throughout the messed up sky. while this was happening Hufu was on his way, he ran past the lady at the counter inside Shanjoku tower. then walked back and asked \"Hey, um have you seen a crazy girl come through here... um she was... tangled in Christmas lights...\" \"oh yes she came by a few hours ago...\" \"where did she go?\" \"last I saw she went up the stairs... the lady showed pointed with her finger at the stairs way with a sign next to it that said first floor\" \"... why the hell ...\" \" Thats what I was asking myself at first to... but then I thought maybe she's just ... a little mental... but eh staring to shrug\" Hufu Shrugged to then just walked over to the elevator, he wash't sure but he had an idea where Yamina might have gone . In the elevator Hufu pressed the button that would lead to the the top floor. ~meanwhile~ Isaku was forced to dodge as Yamina slashed the Christmas lights at him, the lights slide across the floors and busted sending sparks flying every where. If this continued something was more than likely going to catch on fire. It wasn't long till Hufu finally arrived in the elevator to the top floor, were everything was happening. as Hufu step out of the elevator and say what was happening he quickly called out \"Yamina!...\" The sound of his voice caused Yamina to stop for a second before tears began to fill her eyes and she began backing away from Isaku to the edge of the building. \"I...I can't... the lights... they mean to-\" \"no! Yamina what matters more... the lights...or or your friends...?\" Hufu tried to call her down. \"THE ...THE!...\" \"Yami... please we care about you\" filled with all the drama now she cracked and said something no one knew \"whaks naie go pu so usgs ojsfk mofjsljkgn md\" Yamina began to lean back and was about to fall off the skyscraper, this caused Hufu and Isaku to act on complete fear, as both of them charged to grab her, which they did. Isaku grabbed her right arm while Hufu grabbed her left arm. The lights stopped levitating as they fell to the ground, her eyes stopped glowing and she breathed heavily as both of them waited urgently for her response. After all, Yaminas was nearly about to commit suicide over some damn lights. Yamina didn't respond well and passed out. ~A few hours later~ Yaminas eyes slowly blinked opened to find herself placed and tugged nicely in her bed in her bed room. She sat up and noticed her friends and family all gathered around her. Once Yamina dad saw she woke, he quickly made his way over to her, away from her window. \"Bout time that crazeh child woke up\" Granny spat Yamina was still a little dazed but managed to say \"I...I'm okay...\" \"Yes that the lord,\" Hufu said sincerely with a smile just then the doctor walked into the room with Isaku by his side. When Isaku saw Yamina had awoke he hurried over to her and just stood for a second speechless. It was only till he saw tears begin to swell up in her eyes that he reached his arms over her and pulled her head into his chest. \"Well Yamina... I've done some test and have found that you do have a serious mental problem with Christmas lights... so in order to help with that problem. Isaku has helped me make this\" the doctor pulled out a small blue pill. and continued, \"you are to take these three times every year around December and November\" \"and just what in the hell are them pills gonna do?\" Granny spat, as she began to approach the doctor... she seemed unusually mad. \"well the pills will help Yamina to phase out and ignore Christmas lights when ever she sees them, but do pardon me but why are you so mad madam?\" All eyes where on granny as her fury began to rise. \"Now y'all listen up and listen good, I ain't playin no games with y'all MFs... not one of y'all brought me back some doe, green leafy stuff,... I'm talkin 'bout money!... now if I don't get some money right now y'all better get the hell up out my crib before we have a shoot up!\" Granny gently placed her hand on a small dresser. Everyone just stared for a moment before laughing it off. Yamina was safe, everyone was together and everyone figured that granny just wasn't use to this kind of thing. With that the doctor left some pills with Isaku and took his leave. Everyone spent a little more time in Yaminas room before helping Yamina up and heading down stairs to sit in the family room in which the Christmas tree stood. There had been so much drama today that they forgot it was Christmas. Yaminas father turned on some music while Granny sat the motionlessly still stunned at how everyone reacted to her mean comment this time. Hufu and Isaku sat on each side of Yamina, glaring at one another, it was clear that neither of them planed on giving up their feelings for Yamina but in time. Yamina glared at the Christmas tree with its gleaming lights, she felt she had control this time and was truly able to enjoy. Yamina then thought to herself this will surely be a Christmas she'll never forget... The End... My first story everyone, Please RnR see you in the next story and have a Merry Christmas! ","Summary":" Its started off at the top of the highest skyscraper building that was, Shanjoku. Yamina knew what "},{"Movie":"A Christmas Story","Title":"A Red Ryder Nightmare","Author":"iloveromance","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5639318","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 \"Ralphie, get up! You'll be late for school!\" Ralphie groaned at the sound of his mother's voice, echoing from downstairs. It couldn't be morning already. He'd just gone to sleep! He opened his eyes, focusing on the Mickey Mouse clock that hung from his wall. Sure enough, it was time to get up. Wearily he climbed out of bed and peered through the blinds. A new snow had fallen, blanketing the backyard with soft white flakes. Again he heard his mother calling; this time from the door. \"I'm not going to tell you again, young man! Now I suggest that you get dressed and come down to breakfast.\" \"Okay mom! I'm coming! Give me a break, will ya?\" \"I'll give him a break all right.\" He heard his father say. \"Ralphie, you better be down here in five minutes or you'll be sorry!\" When the old man yelled at him, he meant business. Quickly, he put on the clothes that lay neatly folded on his dresser. \"Ralphie now! Your breakfast is getting cold!\" His mother yelled again. \"Ralph, if you end up being late for school, I swear I'll...\" \"Honey, please...\" his mother said, interrupting his father.\"I'll take care of it. You just get yourself to work.\" Ralphie grabbed his books, and ran downstairs, taking them two at a time. \"Ralphie, I've told you a thousand times to walk down the stairs! You'll fall and break your neck and then.... Oh my! Look at your hair! Go upstairs right now and comb it!\" \"But Mo-om...\" Ralphie whined. \"Do it, Ralphie!\" she ordered. Ralphie could hear his father arguing with the Bumpus hounds from next door. \"Get out of my way, you mangy mutts! I have work to do!\" The dogs barked like crazy as the family Oldsmobile pulled out of the driveway. \"Ralphie! I'm not going to tell you again!\" His mother said. He turned and ran up the stairs to the bathroom. Grabbing the first brush he saw, he quickly ran it through his hair. Who cared what he looked like? Flick certainly didn't and neither did Schwartz for that matter. \"RALPHIE!\" He raced down the stairs and into the kitchen. \"Here, eat your breakfast.\" His mother said, guiding him to the table. He ate the bowl of cereal in record time, then tossed the spoon into the sink; the metal clanking against the porcelain. \"Now Ralphie, remember...\" his mother said, handing him his tin lunch box.\"Hold Randy's hand and don't let anything happen to him.\" Like anything could happen to a kid whose winter coat made him look like a balloon in the Macy's parade. Sometimes Ralphie felt sorry for his little brother, but he would never admit it. He walked out of the house and headed for school, Randy tagging along close behind. \"Ralphie! Get going!\" His mother called from the doorway. \"You've got to be in school in fifteen minutes and Miss Shields will not tolerate tardiness!\" \"Come on, Randy, let's go!\" Ralphie yelled. They ran as best they could (which was barely faster than a snail's pace); breathless by the time they reached the school yard. Whew! Just made it! Ralphie could see Flick and Schwartz, tossing a ball to each other. \"Hey Flick!\" Ralphie called to his friend. To Randy he said \"There's Tommy over there.\" He pointed to a short red-headed kid in an orange coat. Poor kid looked like a member of the coast guard. \"I'll see you after school, okay?\" \"But Ral-phie!\" Randy whined. \"Go Randy!\" Ralphie ordered. Randy turned away, sulking. \"Aww geez!\" \"Where've you been, Ralphie?\" Schwartz asked. Before Ralphie could answer, the bell rang. Throngs of kids rushed by them, heading for the front doors. \"Hurry up, Ralphie!\" Flick yelled. Another day of school. Another day of listening to Miss Shields complain about margins. It seemed to be the highlight of her day. He sighed as he ran into the school, just as the final bell rang.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 They rushed to their seats, just as Miss Shields walked into the room. Smiling, she sat down her books and picked up a piece of chalk. \"Good morning, class.\" \"Good morning, Miss Shields.\" The class responded in unison. \"I have your latest assignment here. Overall, a great improvement...but oh, those margins!\" Again with the margins... Miss Shields walked down each row, handing back the themes. As she sat Ralphie's face down on his desk, she smiled and winked. \"Good job, Ralphie.\" Carefully he turned the paper over, stunned at what he saw. A+? But that was impossible ! How could he have gotten an A+ on such a boring paper? He glanced down at what he had written: My Room My room is my favorite place in my whole house. It has all of my favorite toys and lots of games that I play with my little brother. Actually it's his room too, so that means we share all of our toys, which makes my mother happy. I think everyone should have a room like mine. If they did, they would be very happy. It had to be a conspiracy! If he would have mentioned his Red Ryder BB gun, he would have gotten another C+ for sure! He barely worked half an hour on the essay about his room, but he had simply agonized over the Christmas theme. \"Teachers!\" he mumbled. Did you say something Ralph? Miss Shields asked. \"No ma'am. \" He replied, embarrassed that he had spoken aloud. \"All right, class. Now open your readers to page 19. Hester Sue, will you start reading at the first paragraph?\" As Hester Sue stood and began to read, Ralphie heard Flick whispering his name. Slowly he turned his head. \"Hey Ralphie! \"Shh!\" Ralphie whispered back \"Miss Shields will hear us for sure.\" Quickly he focused his attention on the front of the room. Hester Sue had finished reading and now it was Jimmy Weinstat's turn. Ralphie tried to follow along, but as soon as he found the place, he heard Flick whispering again. \"Ralph!\" Flick hissed. Irritated, Ralph turned his head. \"What?\" he said, louder than he meant to. Silence fell over the classroom. Miss Shields put her book down and glared at him. \"Ralphie is there a problem\"? \"No, Miss Shields.\" Ralphie said, annoyed that he was the one who had gotten into trouble. Mercifully the bell rang. Time for recess. \"Okay class, when you come back, we'll go over math problems in preparation for tomorrow's test. Everyone groaned. \"Now class, we've talked about this test for the past few days, so I want you to be sure you study tonight. You're dismissed for recess. The students raced for the door as though the building were on fire. Ralphie stayed behind, putting his paper into his folder. \"Come on Ralphie!\" Flick said. \"I want to play some more catch. We can have a contest to see who the winner is.\" \"Yeah?\" Schwartz said. \"Well I'm gonna win!\" \"In your dreams!\" Flick said. \"Let's go, Ralphie!\" Ralphie joined them outside and they began to toss the ball around. \"Hey Ralphie.\" Schwartz said. \"What are you doing after school?\" Ralphie shrugged. \"Nothin' I guess. Why?\" \"How about we meet up at your house with our Red Ryder's and go find some targets to shoot? My uncle gave us a bunch of old tin cans. We can shoot em off of the fence.\" \"What about the math test?\" \"Math test schmath test. This is more important. You're not chicken are you?\" \"No of course not!\" Ralphie said. \"Okay then. We'll go over to your house and wait while you get your gun.\" \"All right, but I have to be home by dinner or my old man will kill me.\" \"Whatever.\" Schwartz said. The bell rang again for school to resume, and Schwartz kicked the snow in frustration. \"Man! Recess is always way too short!\" They ran back into the school, hoping the day would pass quickly.[Chapter 3] Ralphie squirmed in his seat, unable to take his eyes off the clock. He could hear the class reciting the State Capitols in unison, but He could think of nothing else but challenging Flick and Schwartz to a Red Ryder shootout! Carefully he picked up the sleek rifle, running his hand across the smooth surface. Aiming at his target, he pulled the trigger ever so slowly, and- \"RALPH!\" The voice jolted him back to reality. \"Yes, Miss Shields?\" \"I asked you to give us the State Capitol of Oregon.\" Nervously, Ralph looked around the room, aware that every pair of eyes was focused directly on him. \"Ralph, I'm not going to ask you again.\" Miss Shields said irritably. \"What is the capitol of Oregon?\" \"Ummm... Pittsburgh?\" The class erupted in laughter. \"Ralph, I want to see you after school!\" Miss Shields said in an unusually harsh tone. \"Ohhhh....\" came his classmates' response. Ralphie sulked in his seat. \"Oh man....\" Ralph turned around to find Schwartz and Flick trying ever so slightly not to laugh. \"Salem.\" A voice answered. \"Very good, Hester Sue.\" Miss Shields said with a smile. \"The capitol of Oregon is Salem.\" Hester Sue smiled sweetly and sat down. \"All right, Class. I want you to go home and study this list of State Capitols because there will be a test this week.\" A wave of groans and protests floated through the classroom. After what seemed like an eternity, the bell rang. Avoiding Miss Shields' gaze, Ralphie slid his books off of the desk and quietly merged into the sea of students who were heading for the door. \"Ralph!\" Miss Shields called to him, just as he reached the door.\" Oh no... Wordlessly he turned and saw Miss Shields, hands on hips, motioning him to her desk. Like a prisoner being let off to jail, Ralphie walked slowly toward Miss Shields. \"Ralphie.\" She said sternly. \"You are one of my brightest students and it upsets me to find you daydreaming in the middle of a lesson. This isn't the first time this has happened.\" To his horror, she scribbled a note on a piece of paper, folded it and handed it to him. \"Now, I want you to take this note home to your parents and have them sign it.\" \"Yes ma'am.\" Ralphie said, clutching the yellow piece of paper in his hand. He made his way to the door and was just about to open it, when he heard; \"Oh, and Ralph?\" He turned around and cringed when she handed him another piece of paper. \"This is a special assignment just for you. I want you to write I Will Not Daydream in Class fifty times and hand it in before school tomorrow morning.\" Ralphie looked at his worn brown shoes. \"Yes ma'am. \" \"You're free to go now.\" Miss Shields said with a smile. Ralphie walked out of the room, sulking.[Chapter 4] \"Hey Ralphie, wait up!\" Randy yelled as Ralphie came running out of the school. \"What took you so long?\" Flick asked. \"Miss Shields sure looked mad!\" Schwartz said, laughing. \"Boy, she really let you have it, didn't she?\" \"Shut up!\" Ralphie said, doing his best to ignore his friend. He clutched the note for his parents tightly in his palm. \"What's that?\" Schwartz said, grabbing the note out of Ralphie's hand. \"Hey! Give that back!\" Ralphie yelled, jumping up to try and retrieve the note, which Schwartz was now waving in the air. To Ralphie's dismay, Schwartz unfolded the note and scanned the contents. The only way to get it back now was to grab it, and it was sure to tear. He was in enough trouble as it was, and humiliation seemed like the best option. \" Dear Mr. and Mrs. Parker \" Schwartz read aloud: \" I'm afraid that Ralph is not taking his education seriously. He was caught daydreaming in class and unfortunately this isn't the first time. I have instructed him to write I will not daydream in class fifty times and hand it in tomorrow morning, along with your signatures on this note . Sincerely, Miss Shields . \" Schwartz and Flick burst into a fit of laughter. \"Your old man's gonna pound you!\" Flick noted. \"Shut up, will ya?\" Ralphie yelled, finally grabbing the note from Schwartz. \"Go get your gun and we'll meet up in the yard.\" Flick said. \"Okay.\" Ralphie said, forgetting all about the note from Miss Shields. He ran into the house, dropping his books onto the floor. \"Ralphie is that you?\" His mother called from the kitchen. \"Yeah, Mom!\" Ralphie yelled as he bounded up the stairs. He ran into his room and made a beeline for his closet. There, hidden deep in the recesses, was his most prized possession; his Red Ryder BB gun. No one and absolutely no one knew about his coveted hiding place. He took a quick glance around the room to make sure no one was watching. When he was sure that the coast was clear, he stepped into the back of the closet, pushing back the mounds of toys that were piled on the floor. When he was mere inches from the corner, he reached behind a huge stuffed teddy bear and- Something was wrong! Frantically, he pushed the bear out of the way, revealing an empty corner. His Red Ryder was gone![Chapter 5] Ralphie's heart began to beat faster and he felt hot and cold all at once. The last time he felt like this was when his father discovered the collection of frogs hidden in the kitchen cupboard. He couldn't sit for a week after the pounding he'd received that day! A familiar sound caught his attention. He moved to the window and pulled it open, peering into the yard below. When he spotted Flick and Schwartz, he reached under the window pane and pushed it open. \"Hey Ralphie! Hurry up, will ya?\" Schwartz yelled. \"All right, I'm coming!\" Ralphie yelled back. Quickly he began to search every inch of his room, tossing toys, clothes, books and papers into the air. The more he searched, the more worried he became. The Red Ryder was nowhere to be found. \"Come on, Ralphie!\" Flick called from the yard. Ralphie began to panic. He couldn't live without his beloved gun. And he really couldn't tell Flick and Schwartz that it was missing. Worst of all, he could never tell his parents! He might never be able to sit down again! \"RAL-PHIE!\" Annoyed, he went over to the window. \"I'm coming! Just keep your pants on!\" He yelled, borrowing an expression from his father. Ralphie walked out of the room and bounded down the stairs. When he reached the foyer, his mother smiled at him. \"Flick and Schwartz are outside. They said you boys are going to play with your Red Ryder's.\" Then, a shudder. \"Ooh, those things are dreadfully dangerous, but go ahead. Just please be careful! Don't shoot your eye out!\" She kissed the top of his head and gently pushed him out the door. \"You boys have fun!\" Hesitantly, Ralphie walked outside and into the backyard. Flick and Schwartz smiled when they saw him. \"Geez, Ralphie what were you doing?\" Flick asked. \"Picking goobers?\" \"Well, I  \" \"Never mind.\" Schwartz said, tugging at Ralphie's sleeve. \"Let's go!\" \"Hey!\" Flick yelled. \"Where's your Red Ryder?\" \"Don't tell me you forgot it!\" Schwartz said, before Ralphie could answer. \"I have to get home for dinner soon. We're having my favorite; tacos! So hurry up and go get it! We haven't got all day!\" \"I'll... I'll be right back.\" Ralphie said. He turned and went into the house to find his mother making dinner. \"Well! Finished already?\" She exclaimed. \"You boys didn't stay out very long. Usually you're out for hours. I know how much you love that gun.\" \"D-do you want me to set the table?\" Ralph asked, fearing that his mother would suspect something. Instead she smiled and gave him a hug. \"Why Ralphie, aren't you sweet? But dinner won't be ready for a while. We're having spaghetti, your favorite. So why don't you go out and play some more?\" \"Um... Schwartz said he had to get home for dinner.\" Ralphie said. \"So I can stay here and help you.\" His mother peered out the window. \"Well then why are Schwartz and Flick still standing outside?\" \"Oh...\" Ralphie said. A knock on the back door startled him, and his mother went to answer it. \"Well hello again, boys!\" \"Hello, Mrs. Parker.\" Flick said with a smile. \"We were just waiting for Ralphie.\" Ralphie ran for the door, pushing past his mother. Once he got to the back porch, he shut the door behind him so hard that it rattled the dishes. \"Ralphie! Not so hard!\" He heard his mother's muffled voice yell from the kitchen. \"What's the big idea?\" Schwartz asked. \"Are you coming or not?\" Ralphie's chest tightened. \"I can't.\" \"Whadda ya mean, you can't?\" Flick demanded. \"Um... well, my mom saw the note from Miss Shields and boy is she mad!\" Ralphie said, grateful to have an excuse. \"She didn't look mad to me.\" Schwartz observed. \"Well, she's calm now, but she says I can't come outside today.\" Ralphie said, breathing a sigh of relief. \"Boy, thanks for nothin' Ralphie!\" Flick said angrily. \"Come on, Schwartz, let's go.\" Ralphie watched in misery as his friends stomped out of the yard.[Chapter 6] \" All right Parker, we've got you surrounded!\" The big gruff voice boomed. \"You're not going to get away this time!\" \" That's what you think!\" Ralphie said. He was going to get that varmint if it was the last thing he did! \" Okay, Black Bart... Now you get yours!\" Slowly he reached for the slick metal BB gun, prepared for a showdown with Black Bart. All of a sudden, Black Bart erupted in laughter. \" What's so funny, Bart?\" Ralphie demanded. \" What's so funny?\" Bart repeated. \"You must be pretty dumb to think that you can get me with that object in your hand! Why that thing wouldn't hurt a fly!\" Ralphie was puzzled. \"What do you mean?\" \"Well, see for yourself, little boy!\" Bart laughed. Ralphie pulled the object from behind his back, and gasped in horror at what he saw. For in his hand, wasn't his beloved Red Ryder. It was the giant teddy bear from his closet! Bart continued to laugh, but Ralphie was not amused. \" Shut up.\" Ralphie sneered; more embarrassed than ever before. How had that gotten there? And where was his gun? \" Well lookie here!\" Bart said. \"Ralph Parker still plays with teddy bears! Ain't that sweet! What do you think Flick and Schwartz will say when I tell them you tried to kill me with a stuffed teddy bear?\" He laughed harder this time. \"I-I don't!\" Ralphie said; his tone desperate. \"Y-you can't tell them that!\" \" Oh but I can!\" Black Bart said. \"You just wait, Ralph Parker! You'll get yours! I can guarantee it!\" Ralphie woke with a start; his heart pounding. Thank God it was only a dream. Actually a nightmare was more like it. He looked around the room, which was bathed in streaks of light coming from the street lamps outside. On the other side of the room, Randy lay sleeping peacefully as he clutched his Zephyr. He hadn't let that thing out of his sight since he received it. For the first time in his life, Ralphie was jealous of his little brother. Randy still had his beloved Christmas gift and he wasn't very bright sometimes. Ralphie sighed worriedly. What he would give to have that Red Ryder in his hand right now! Where could it have gone? He closed his eyes, trying desperately to think of a place-any place-of where he might have left it but each time was left to the same conclusion... His precious, beautiful Red Ryder was gone forever. \"Ralphie, wake up!\" Ralphie squinted at the bright sunlight that streamed into the window. Another morning had arrived without so much of a warning. It simply wasn't fair. Shouldn't a kid be exempt from tossing and turning all night because of bad dreams? Until yesterday, Ralphie didn't have a care in the world; except for his Red Ryder. Now he didn't even have that. \"Ralphie! I'm not going to tell you again!\" His mother's tinny voice called from the kitchen. Wearily, Ralphie climbed out of bed and got ready for school. \"Ralphie, eat your breakfast!\" Ralphie stared at his cereal bowl and swished the now-soggy cornflakes around with his spoon. His old man eyed him sternly. \"Ralph Parker, if you don't start eating that cereal by the time I'm finished with this sports section...\" Ralph hurriedly began to shovel the saturated flakes into his mouth, swallowing them without bothering to chew. His old man could read the sports section in record time. \"All finished.\" Ralphie said as he rose from the table. He tossed his spoon and bowl along with the half empty cup of milk which (to his mother's horror) splattered all over the porcelain sink. \"Ralphie!\" His mother yelled. \"You'd better clean this mess up, young man!\" But Ralphie had already headed for school, Randy hurrying to keep up.[Chapter 7] \"Hey Ralphie, what was the big idea, yesterday?\" Schwartz whispered as Miss Shields called the roll. \"Nothin.\" Ralphie said with a shrug. \"Then why didn't you want to play shoot 'em up?\" Ralphie felt his stomach tie up in knots. Just when he'd all but forgotten that his beloved Red Ryder was gone, Schwartz had to go and bring it up again. \"Come on... Out with it!\" Schwartz demanded. \"Shhh!\" Miss Shields shushed. \"Ralph Parker?\" When Ralph didn't answer, a few snickers could be heard around the room. \"RALPH!\" Miss Shields finally yelled, causing the class to erupt in laughter. \"Here.\" He said meekly. Miss Shields smiled. \"Okay Class. Please get out your notebooks and pencils. We are going to have a test.\" \"Aww!\" the protests and groans echoed throughout the classroom. \"Now Class, I warned you about this yesterday, so I hope you are prepared. Number your paper from 1-48 and don't forget to put your name on the top. This test will be on the State capitols that we went over yesterday.\" Oh no! Ralphie was doomed! In his agony over the disappearance of his Red Ryder, he'd completely forgotten to study! He slumped in his seat and began to number his paper. The first state is Texas.\" Miss Shields said. \"Write down the name of the capitol next to number one.\" Ralphie stared at the paper. Texas... Texas... Oh why couldn't he think of the capitol? Texas was big. Really big with lots and lots of cities. He'd never be able to remember which one was the capitol. He'd never been to Texas but he'd heard plenty about it. Texas was the land of cowboys and Indians, gunfights... \" Howdy, Pardner.\" Ralphie said as he politely tipped his ten-gallon hat. \"Ready for a showdown?\" \" You? Ha! You ain't got a chance against me!\" Black Bart sneered. \" Oh yeah? We'll just see about that!\" Ralphie said. \"Them injuns over there are on the warpath, you know. But I'll have them taken care of in no time. And I sure as heck ain't scared of you, so-.\" \"Ralph!\" Startled, Ralphie looked up to find Miss Shields standing in front of him with her hand extended. \"I need your test paper.\" He glanced at his test, horrified when he saw what he'd done. Next to every number were the words \"Red Ryder\"! Quickly he turned the paper over and handed it to Miss Shields, praying that she wouldn't bother to look at it until after school. When the bell rang for recess, his classmates jumped out of their seats and scrambled to put on their winter coats. Excitedly Ralphie stood and began to run for the door. He, Flick and Schwartz were going to play marbles and Ralphie was determined to win! \"Ralph, may I have a word with you?\" Miss Shields asked mere seconds before he pushed the door open. \"Yes ma'am?\" Ralph asked timidly. \"I gave you an assignment yesterday and a note for your parents.\" He swallowed hard. Not only had he forgotten to study for his test, but he'd also forgotten to give the note to his parents! And if that wasn't bad enough, he hadn't done the assignment from Miss Shields! He was a goner for sure! \"Um... Yes ma'am.\" \"May I see them, please?\" \"Well, I...\" Miss Shields put her hands on her hips and glared at him. \"You didn't show the note to your parents, did you?\" Ralphie looked down at his feet. \"How about the assignment?\" He shook his head. \"Oh Ralphie, I can't tell you how disappointed I am in you!\" Ralphie sighed and looked out the window, longing to be outside playing football with the other kids in the snow. \"Well, Ralphie, because you didn't do as I asked, I have no choice but to keep you inside for recess every day for the rest of the month. I'll have a special assignment for you to work on while the others are out at recess. Perhaps then you'll understand how important it is to not only pay attention in class but to do the assignments as they are given to you and turn them in on time.\" Ralphie opened his mouth to protest, but Miss Shields held up her hand. \"Now go to your desk and get out your notebook and paper. I want you to write I will not daydream in class fifty times and when you are finished, you will sit here quietly and think about what you have done until the others have returned from recess.\" \"Yes ma'am.\" Ralphie said, walking to his seat as though he were headed for the guillotine. He began to write carefully on the paper, making sure his handwriting was as neat as possible and within the margins. As he wrote, it was almost impossible not to think about the tragedy that had occurred at home: His Red Ryder was gone... the best Christmas gift he'd ever received. And when his old man finds out... Oh no... Suddenly, going to Texas didn't seem like a bad idea.[Chapter 8] Ralphie trudged through the snow, trying to tune out Randy, who was trying desperately to keep up with his older brother. \"Come on, Ralphie! Wait up!\" Reluctantly, Ralphie turned around and waited for Randy, who ran at a snail's pace before falling face first into the snow. Ralphie hurried over and helped his little brother up. \"Thanks, Ralphie!\" Randy said with a smile. \"Sure, now come on! Let's go!\" Ralphie said. He simply had to get home and find his Red Ryder! As they walked home, his mind filled with images of his beloved gun. Where could it be? He was sure that he put it back in his coveted hiding place. No one else knew where it was. Finally they reached the Parker home on Cleveland Street. Ralphie grabbed the mail from the mailbox and ran into the house, tossing the mail onto a nearby chair. \"Ralphie! Randy, don't run!\" Their mother said as they raced through the kitchen en route to the stairs that led to their bedroom. Once inside, Ralphie sprang to action. He had a mission to accomplish! He was going to find that Red Ryder if it was the last thing he did! One by one he opened his dresser drawers, tossing clothes everywhere. \"Hey!\" Randy yelled when Ralphie's crisp white church shirt hit him square in the face. \"Move it, will ya? I'm busy!\" snapped Ralphie. He was on a roll. By the time he finished with the drawers, the room looked like a clothing bomb had gone off. However, there was no sign of his Red Ryder. \"Damn it, no luck.\" Ralphie said, mumbling a phrase that he'd heard his father use a million times. Well... time to move on to the closet. He peeked inside, glaring at Randy who was watching in dismay. \"Ah! There it is!\" Ralphie was so happy that he jumped for joy, prompting Randy to do the same. Ignoring his obnoxious little brother, Ralphie ran inside and began tossing the contents through the narrow doorway. He stopped when he saw the familiar red, white, black and brown box, and peered inside. Alas, the box was empty; instantly dashing his hopes. \"Hey! What's the big idea?\" Randy yelled when Ralphie resumed his search. He ignored Randy and worked even faster; his heart pounding with every thrown object. When the closet was completely empty, Ralphie looked around the room. It was the messiest room he'd ever seen in his entire life! Piles of clothes covered the floor, along with toys and scattered comic books (things he'd never show Flick or Schwartz), but when he looked around, he saw no sign of Randy. Oh no! His brother had been buried under the debris! Ralphie raced around the room, throwing clothes everywhere, desperately searching for his little brother. \"RALPH ALAN PARKER!\" Ralphie froze at the familiar booming voice of his mother, and turned to find her and Randy standing in the doorway. \"Ralph Parker! What in the world happened in this room?\" His mother demanded. Her voice was so loud, Ralphie was sure the windows would break. Amazingly they stayed intact. \"Um... I was looking for...\" What are you doing, Stupid? His conscious squeaked out . Ya got a death wish or something? You can't tell her about the Red Ryder! \"I don't care what you were looking for, young man! Now get this mess cleaned up, pronto! Oh, just wait till your father hears about this!\" When she turned to leave, he panicked. His father! Oh no! But then he remembered something; that his mother hadn't yet found out that his Red Ryder was missing. Maybe things were going his way after all![Chapter 9] At the instance of his mother, Ralphie slowly began to clean up his room. He didn't realize what a chore it would be until he started to sort through the clothes that covered the carpeted floor. An hour and a half later, he put the last shirt back on the rack and hung it in the closet. Whew! What a relief. Exhausted, he sat down on his bed. The soft mattress looked so inviting that he couldn't resist laying his head on his pillow. Before he knew it, he had drifted off to sleep... \" Okay, Ralphie! You'd better surrender if you know what's good for you!\" Black Bart said. \" Not so fast, Bart. You're gonna get yours.\" Ralphie replied. He squinted as he pointed the rifle directly at his most feared enemy. If he aimed just right, Bart should be pushing up daises in no time! He smiled mischievously at the thought and slowly pulled the trigger. \"BANG!\" Ralphie bolted upright on his bed; his heart racing like a freight train. He glanced out the window, horrified when he realized that the sky was turning soft and purple. And in the driveway was his father's Oldsmobile! Oh no! \"#&*%!\" His father yelled. Ralphie pressed his ear to the cold window, curious to know why his father had started yet another swearing fit. \"Dag nabbit, another blowout! I swear I'm gonna sue that mechanic!\" His father yelled. Ralphie laughed, momentarily forgetting that his life would soon hang in the balance. Minutes later, the front door closed, jolting Ralphie back to the present. In mere seconds, his father would find out what he had done, and sparks were sure to fly. \"RALPHIE!\" His father's voice resonated throughout the house like a clap of thunder. \"Get down here, on the double!\" Ralphie ran into the living room faster than a jackrabbit on a date, thankful that his rugged pants hid his shaking knees. His father glared at Ralphie, hands on his hips. Ralphie wasn't sure but he could have sworn he saw steam coming from the old man's ears. \"Ralphie, Miss Shields called this afternoon and spoke to your mother. Apparently you've been having some trouble at school? And what's this about turning your room into a giant laundry hamper? Clothes belong in the closet or in a drawer. Not on the carpet! What has gotten into you?\" \"I-uh... well, I ...\" His mother sighed. \"All right, Ralphie. If you won't tell us, then we have no choice but to punish you. Your father and I have discussed this and we've decided that starting right now, your Red Ryder is off-limits. That means no playing with it at all which includes gun fights with Flick and Schwartz. Do you understand me?\" \"Yes ma'am.\" Whew! That was a relief. He was home-free! \"Now go upstairs right now and bring me your gun. I'm putting it out of sight until your punishment is over.\" His mother continued. Ralphie froze. Oh no... Pulverized! \"But Mom...\" \"Right now, young man! I'm very disappointed in you, Ralphie!\" His mother said. \"But Mom, you can't take my Red Ryder away! You just can't!\" \"Ralph Parker, if I have to drag you upstairs to get that gun, you're gonna wish you had never gotten a Red Ryder!\" his mother said in a tone that meant business. \"No! I can't!\" Ralphie yelled. This was worse than he ever imagined! \"Ralphie, I'm not going to tell you again. Now you'd better have a good reason for disobeying me, Mister! Now out with it!\" Ralphie stared at his family; all of whom were glaring at him. \"Why can't you bring me your gun?\" \"Because... I can't find it! I lost it!\" Ralphie blurted out. To his astonishment, he began to sob. \"Ralph, really! How could you be so irresponsible? I mean-.\" \"Just a second, Honey.\" His father said. Ralph looked up in surprise. What was going on? \"Ralph, I want to talk to you.\" His father said. Timidly, Ralphie nodded, and the room grew eerily silent. Here it comes; Ralphie's impending doom. \"I-I didn't mean to lose it, honest! Cross my heart and hope to die!\" Ralphie said in a trembling voice. His father rose from his favorite chair and walked up the stairs. \"Where are you going, Dear?\" His mom asked. Ignoring his wife, Ralphie's father continued to walk up the stairs, returning a minute later. \"Um, Ralph? Close your eyes...\" Ralphie shut his eyes so tightly that it gave him a headache. All of a sudden, he heard his mother gasp. \"What are you doing with that?\" She asked. Ralphie swallowed hard, prepared for a walloping that was unlike any other known to kid-dom. \"Okay, Ralph. Open your eyes.\" His father said. Ralphie slowly opened his eyes, gasping at the sight. For in his father's hand was the illusive Red Ryder BB gun! Ralphie opened his mouth, too stunned to speak. The old man smiled and turned to his wife. \"I'm afraid that I'm the one who should be punished.\" \"What are you talking about, Honey?\" His mother replied. \"Well, I wanted to surprise Ralph for his birthday, so I took his Red Ryder up to Higbee's and had it all spruced up for him.\" His father explained. \"It's all cleaned, oiled and ready to go.\" Then, a laugh. \"Heck, I almost forgot how much you love that gun! I didn't figure you'd know it was missing until I went to put it back!\" \"Well, I 'm glad that's settled!\" His mother said, much too cheerfully. \"Now Ralph, don't think this means that you're off the hook; not by a long shot!\" \"Listen, I'm sorry Ralph.\" His father added. \"I looked high and low for that Red Ryder. That's some hiding place you've got there. I almost didn't-.\" Before the old man could finish, a smile spread across Ralphie's face. Unable to stop himself, he ran across the room and flung himself into his father's arms. \"Oh my...\" His mother said as tears filled her eyes. \"What's this?\" His father asked, hugging Ralphie tightly. \"Thank you for finding my Red Ryder.\" Ralphie said. His parents looked at each other in disbelief. Heck, Ralphie could hardly believe it himself! He loved his father. After a few minutes Ralphie let go. He took Randy's hand and led him up the stairs. \"Come on, Randy. We've got homework to do.\" When the house was quiet once more, his mother turned to his father. \"What was that all about?\" \"I'm not sure, but make a note of it for Santa Claus, will you?\" His father answered with a wink. THE END ","Summary":" Chapter 1 \"Ralphie, get up! You'll be late for school!\" Ralphie groaned at the sound of his mothe"},{"Movie":"Love of Siam","Title":"After","Author":"ceej16","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4619274","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hi everyone! This is my first fanfic ever. This is about the wonderful movie The Love of Siam by Chookiat Sakveerakul, Pitch, and Mario. I did this because of a compelling need to give Mew his well deserved happy ending. But of course with a few more drama =) I would greatly appreciate feedback from everyone. Thanks for dropping by! Chapter 1 It was a typical day in early January. The sun is already up but the air is cold and occasional strong winds still blow on the streets of Bangkok. Christmas vacation is over and today is the first day that students are coming back to school. The events of the morning have been a blur to Mew. He was able to attend a couple of classes and before he knew it, it was already time to have lunch. He left his classroom without waiting for his friends and went straight to the cafeteria. After buying lunch, he went to the farthest unoccupied table and slowly picked on his food. He had been like this for a couple of weeks now  absent minded, glum, and more quiet than usual. He has yet to recover from his last conversation with Tong. They have stopped communication after seeing each other at the concert in Siam Square. Mew was thinking about how he was able to survive without his grandmother and now, how to survive without Tong. His thoughts were cut short, however, when someone sat across him. \"So you think you can get away from us?\" said Alex. \"Hey\" greeted Mew silently. \"The last time I saw you, you were so happy. What happened over Christmas?\" Alex was thinking about the last time he saw Mew at the concert. \"Uhm, nothing\" \"Are you okay, Mew?\" \"\" \"Have I told you before that I'm your friend and that you can trust me? Or that I love you and just say you want to be my boyfriend and I'll say yes?\" Alex was smiling when he spoke to Mew. \"Do you want me to ignore you forever?\" Mew replied smiling but the smile didn't reach his eyes. \"Ahahaha! You're no fun, you know that?\" The smile still traced Mew's lips but once again he sadly looked at his plate and slowly ate his food. Alex got the cue and ate his lunch as well. They ate in silence and not once looked at each other. Alex was the first one to break the ice. \"Seriously,\" he began \"Mew, if you need to talk to someone, please\" \"I know, Alex. I'm sorry, I'm not just ready yet\" Both stopped eating. Mew raised his head and met Alex's gaze. Tears were already forming in his eyes and before he can wipe them out, fat tears rolled down his cheeks. \"Thisisyou fault.\" Mew accused between sobs. \"Has anyone told you that you look cute when you cry?\" Alex teased while handing Mew his handkerchief. Mew suddenly laughed at the unexpected comment. He grabbed Alex's handkerchief and slapped it playfully on his friend's face. \"Ouch!\" \"You deserve it you bastard!\" Mew continued laughing. \"Well, it's not everyday that people see you cry.\" The bell chimed before Mew can retort. The boys instinctive looked at the cafeteria clock and grunted in disgust. \"Let's go back to class?\" volunteered Alex. \"Uhm, you go right up. I'll just go to the CR.\" \"Okay, later then.\" Alex stood up, gave Mew one last smile, then went back to class. Mew stayed seated while watching Alex leave. He released one deep sigh then stood up and went to the CR. He wiped his still moist eyes then pocketed the handkerchief. He should remember to give it back to Alex later. Surprisingly, he somehow felt less sad after talking to his friend. The August band has just finished practicing for the night and the boys are already packing their instruments. Mew was sitting in one corner of the room and oblivious of everybody else. He remembered the first time Tong watched them practice. He remembered how happy he was to have Tong watch him sing and how happy he was to sing for Tong. He remembered the inexplicable feeling of having Tong sleep beside him; of having to wake smelling Tong from the pillow he used that night\" \"Don't tell me you'll cry again.\" \"What?!\" he glared at the person who's voice interrupted his reminiscing. \"Oh, it's you.\" he dismissed the ever-smiling Alex. \"Why is it that you always interrupt me when I'm thinking?\" \"Good to see you too.\" Alex ignored the question. \"Long time no see.\" Alex stood straight from leaning on the wall and sat beside Mew. \"You just finished practicing with me and the band, in case you haven't noticed.\" said Mew. \"You never talked to me again after our lunch last week. Are you mad or something?\" asked Alex. Everybody's looking at them now. When Mew didn't answer, Alex signaled the band to finish cleaning up and stood again to finish his own packing. When all was done, everyone said their goodbyes and left Mew inside the studio. A couple of minutes more and Mew was ready to go. He got his bag and went outside the building. He was surprised to see Alex waiting for him outside. \"Did you forget something?\" Mew asked. \"I used to wait for you after practice, remember?\" Alex's tone has a tinge of sadness. \"Oh, sorry, yeahI mean\" \"It's okay. I just figured Tong won't be coming tonight to walk you home\" \"We don't see each other anymore.\" \"That's what I guessed. Ready to go home?\" \"Thank you, Alex. I appreciate this, but, you really don't have to do this.\" \"We live in the same area.\" Alex was smiling again. Mew closed his eyes, sighed deep, and smiled at Alex apologetically. \"I don't really know what's happening to me, I'm sorry.\" \"Hey, no need for apologies. I understand. It may be unclear the first time I told you this but just to make it clear, I do care for you.\" Alex curled his right hand on the back of Mew's neck and together they walked home. *** Alex can't sleep. His eyes are closed but his mind is wide open. It's going to be a long night again, he thought to himself. How he can endure the pain he's feeling, he doesn't understand. He thought he's already over it but he quickly realized that he's simply mistaken. He thought he has finally found the courage to let Mew go when he saw how happy Mew was when Tong went back to his life. Mew's happiness is his happiness even if it breaks his heart. But Tong left Mew again, the bastard. He's thinking of taking his chance with Mew again. He forgot where he heard about the broken heart being the easiest to steal but he'd be damned if he would accidentally hurt Mew's feelings again. Mew's heart has simply had too much already for Alex to try to meddle with it again. He already forgot when he really took notice of Mew. Maybe two years ago when he realized Mew was also gay or maybe he has dreamt of Mew long before they finally met. He doesn't really know. He tried showing Mew his feelings by being a totally loyal buddy but it seemed to not earn him anything but friendship; full and unadulterated friendshipwhat the fuck. He tried to date girls next to see if Mew will get jealous but again, to no avail. Lastly, he tried something more daringthe time when he stuck his tongue into Mew's mouth during the P.E. class, where he suddenly chickened out and accused Mew of doing what he just did. He paid for it dearly, he knew. He suffered every time Mew ignored him. He almost transferred to another school if his mom didn't scold him non-stop. Mew appealed to him like nobody else did. Maybe because Mew looks so vulnerable or that he simply can't resist their cute and talented lead singer. Nobody knew about this, of course. He dared not expose his feelings with Mew especially when his long lost boyfriend, Tong, came back. He doesn't think he'd match up to that guy anyway. He also hasn't told anybody in the band about it but he guesses it wouldn't matter if they knew and that he has a hunch they wouldn't really be surprised in any case, with him kissing Mew and all. But he was ready to give up Mew. To see him happy feels much better than to see him lonely and lost. Fucking martyr, he told himself. But Tong is out of the picture again and he can't help but to be drawn more to Mew. It's something painfully inescapable for him. Fatigue finally caught up with Alex and slowly, his mind drifted into oblivion, into the darkness of the dreamless night.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 Alex had never been happier during these last couple of weeks. Destiny or whatever it is that controls love must have finally been agreeing with him. For the very first time in what seemed to be forever, Mew was giving him attention. He seemed to be friendlier now. Well, not exactly friendlier because he is still in his usual grumpy mood. Maybe he's moreokay, he can't explain it. Let's just say that there's something in Mew which changed and it's favorable for him. He had been eating lunch with Mew alone in the last two weeks. He had also been walking him home everyday after class or after practice. He was even able to invite Mew for dinner in his house the other night. The best part is that Mew seemed to be okay with it all. He's not sure but he thinks he's able to see the Mew he used to know; the uncomplicated and lovable Mew; the pre-Tong Mew. He's honestly getting irritated with Tong more and more. Tong doesn't have the right to do this to Mew. But, he might as well forget about the bastard. Everything's going fine now and he's going to make sure Mew will love him soonor later. Hopefully. Their band mates already know how he's feeling about Mew. He felt their growing curiosity and since he feels that he doesn't have to hide anything, the got honest with them. Some got shocked but not the closest to them like Pingpong, who already expected it. He of course got the approval and the cheers. They all just want to see mew happy again. He just wishes he'll also have the courage to be honest with Mew and that he'd at least get a go signal from him to continue. If he had been happy during the last weeks, tonight should be better because tonight is his lucky night. A strong rain just started and it is all over the city. He called Mew earlier to check if he's okay (an action, which he's doing pretty regularly now) and apparently, Mew had been stuck in a store in Siam Square because of the rain. Mew told him not to come anymore but he insisted on bringing an umbrella. The thought of being really close to Mew in the middle of the rain, surrounded by the lights of the city, made him giddy with excitement. He's now only few meters away from the store and he noticed that there are a lot of people inside probably stuck as well. He immediately scanned the crowd when he got in but to his dismay, he cannot find Mew. He checked every corner of the small store but again, there was no Mew. He tried calling his mobile but the other line cannot be reached. He felt a little worried but brushed the feeling aside thinking that there's no reason for him to fear for his love. He didn't waste his time anymore and did the next logical thing. He decided to go to Mew's house. He had been half walking and half running for only about 10 minutes when he saw Mew walking in the rain. He suddenly felt an unexplainable pang in his heart. He didn't stop running until he was beside Mew. \"Why didn't you wait for me?\" Alex asked. The soaked Mew was surprised to see the out-of-breath Alex beside him. Alex repeated the question when Mew didn't answer. \"What are you doing?\" Mew asked. \"What do you mean? I told you I'd bring you an umbrella.\" Alex was puzzled. \"Why are you doing this?\" \"Mew\" Alex didn't know what to say. He can't really comprehend what Mew was asking but he can clearly see irritation in the other boy's face. \"You've been all over the place, I can't even think!\" Mew exploded. Alex cannot believe what he just heard. He felt his heart being squeezed tightly he found it hard to breathe. He needed time to think. His body felt rigid but his knees felt weak. Mew spoke again but no longer fuming. \"Alex, I'm sorry. I didn't\" Mew cannot finish the sentence. He had never seen Alex look so sad. \"Mew,\" Alex began, \"I'm sorry if I bothered you. I was all over you because I love you. I just wanted to be near. But don't worry, I won't do it again. Take care.\" With that, he handed Mew his umbrella and started walking away. He wanted to run but his legs won't obey. He wanted to cry but he was too exhausted. He heard his name being called but he didn't bother to look back. He thought he'd leave Mew alone from now on. Then the tears came. Mew was stunned by Alex's revelation. Shock prevented him from moving from where's he's standing. He felt panic while watching his best buddy walk away. He called, shouted Alex's name several times but Alex didn't look back. A few seconds more and the boy who loves him was already out of his sight.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 Mew felt nervous as he walked towards his first class that Monday morning. He planned to talk to Alex later but he's afraid on how the latter will react. After he had that major episode with Alex last Friday night, he sent him text messages the following morning apologizing and explaining that he wasn't really expecting to be loved by him in that way. He, however, did not receive any reply from his friend. When Mew reached the classroom, he quickly looked at Alex's chair. He was already there but he was reading a book. Mew felt a little disappointed and more nervous because Alex not greeting him in the morning means trouble. It seemed that Alex isn't ready to forgive him yet. Mew walked towards his own chair but never broke his stare into the guitar player in case he looks back. The class started a few minutes later and he had no choice but to focus on the lesson. The bell rang at noon signaling lunch break. Mew quickly packed his notebooks and stood up. He was going to ask Alex to join him for lunch but he soon discovered that he was already out of the room. Mew felt irritated. Why is Alex being so hard on him? Mew thought. It's not as if he knew beforehand how he was feeling! Besides, because of him, he now doesn't have much time to think about Tong! Tong should be the sole and current occupant of his mind because he is the love of his life! He has the right to sulk as much as he wants because he had been left alone again! But, of course he can't let Alex go Lost love sucks but a broken friendship on top of everything would mean a whole new universe of sadness. So, he'll just have to think of a way to corner Alex later. Classes resumed after lunch. Mew saw Alex came back with some of their band mates. While the other guys gave him unsure smiles and nods, Alex continued to ignore him. Few more hours passed and the afternoon classes are almost done. Mew, however, sneaked out of the class room a few minutes before the bell rang. When he got out of the room, he leaned on the classroom wall and waited for the class to end. His classmates walked out of the classroom as soon as the bell rang. He quickly grabbed the arm of the unsuspecting Alex as soon as he passed by him. Alex was startled and forcefully jerked his arm away from the aggressor. He was doubly surprised when he saw that it was Mew. \"What do you want?\" Alex asked. \"I want you to listen to me.\" \"We've nothing to talk about.\" \"You just told me you love me and now we've nothing to talk about?\" Mew felt bolder by the moment. \"Not here dammit!\" Alex hissed. He looked around to see if anybody's listening but there was none. \"Why\" Mew was cut when Alex suddenly pulled him towards the stairs then outside the building. Mew was brought to a quiet part of the school grounds where no other students were present. Alex stopped and dropped Mew's hand. \"Talk.\" Alex commanded. Mew was speechless. He was overwhelmed by the other's seriousness. A few more seconds and he finally got the courage to speak. \"I think you're being unfair.\" Mew accused. \"You're irritated by me, you made that clear. I'm now avoiding you, what's the problem with that?\" Mew didn't miss the acid in Alex's voice, which made him more irritated. \"Well, that's not what I meant! I had no idea why you've suddenly given me so much attention. I never knew you love me!\" All of Mew's energy suddenly evaporated from his body. He pleadingly looked at Alex. \"I snapped at you but it doesn't mean I want you out of my life\" \"Yeah, right.\" \"I said I was sorry\" Mew held Alex's arm and spoke tenderly. \"Alex, please You're one of the few important people left in my life and I'd lose my mind if I lose you. I love you as a friend but it's okay if you have special feelings for me. I wouldn't want to lose all those years of friendship because of this. Please?\" Mew was really pleading. He knew he'd go crazy if he loses this one. (to be continued)[Chapter 4] Chaptern4 Alex was caught off guardnby Mew's honesty. Well, he shouldn't really be surprised, henthought. Mew isn't the love of his life for nothing. He isnintelligent, sensitive, good natured, and everything good that he cannthink of. And now that Mew is holding his arm and asking fornforgiveness how can he be heartless? Alex looked down andnsighed. He held the hand holding is right arm, brought it down andncupped it with his two hands. \"I'm sorry for being such a prick.\"nhe said. \"You shouldn't be the one apologizing. Sorry Mew\" \"Hey\" Silence. Alex suddenly snickered.n\"Man, this is awkward.\" said Alex, laughing. He freed Mew'snhand and looked into the boy's eyes. \"Forget it, shall we?\" \"You mean forget yountold me you love me?\" Mew teased. \"Hey! Don't rub itnin! It still hurts you know!\" \"I can kiss it so thenpain would go away.\" \"Eww! You dirtynanimal!\" \"If I remember itncorrectly, you're the one who kissed me\" Alex placed his palmnon Mew's mouth before the other can finish his sentence. \"Stop right there, Inknow where you're going!\" Alex said. They were suddenlyninterrupted by a soft cough several feet away from them. To theirnsurprise, half their band mates are watching with ogling eyes. \"Doesnthis mean you two are now together?\" asked M. \"No we're not!\" Mewnwho answered, smiling. \"We're friends and nothing's going tonchange.\" \"Oh okay.\" \"Okay!\" Alexninterrupted. \"Can we go to the practice now?\" With that, everyonenproceeded to go to the studio. Pingpong, however, noticed that Mewnwas not with them. He turned to where they came from and saw that Mewnhas not moved an inch. \"Hey Mew, are you coming?\" he called. \"Oh, yeah, sorry.\"nMew started to walk. He was paralyzed a minute back and he knew why.nHe waited for Alex to look at him and walk beside him to the studionbut Alex did not. He didn't know why he even expected that. Butneven so, it hurt. *** Mew was walking homenalone after practice. It was the first time he did so after a couplenof weeks of Alex following him everywhere but curiously, it didn'tnfeel right. He knew that Alex was just keeping his word to not benwith him too much. But, it seemed that Alex's absence created anbigger hole in his heart. Sad and down, he dismissed the thoughtnthinking that it should go away soon. *** It had been two weeksnsince Mew reconciled with Alex. Things got back to normal with thenAugust Band. They finally got a new manager and they're trainingnhard for the upcoming events in summer. Aside from Mew joining hisnband mates again during lunch time and practicing after school, hisndays are composed mainly of school work and sleep. He already lostnthe energy to neither wander around the city shopping areas nor spendntime with his friend, Ying. During his free time,nlike now, lying awake in his bed, he tries to think about Tong. Henthinks about what went wrong and what could have been. The problem,nhowever, is that it always gets interrupted! Every time he thinksnabout Tong, it gets annoyingly interrupted by thoughts about Alex!nThoughts of Alex trying to make him smile; Alex walking him home;nAlex bringing him umbrella when it's raining Mew wanted to cry.nHe doesn't know how he feels and he definitely doesn't know hownto react to these vague and scary feelings. It seemed that he missesnAlex as intensely as he missed Tong several weeks ago. Mew's cell phonenstarted to ring. Who could be calling him at 10 in the evening? henthought. His heart started to pound hard, however, when he saw thatnit was Alex calling. He quickly answered the phone but tried not tonsound so excited. \"Hello?\" \"Hello, M, I wasnwondering if you got my notebook earlier.\" \"You dialed the wrongnnumber, it's Mew.\" Mew wanted to throw his cell phone and weep. \"What? Oh oh! Mew,nI'm sorry! Sorry, did I wake you up? No wait, don't answer that.nYou're already probably sleeping. I'll put the phone down\" \"Wait! Hello?\" \"Yeah? I'm stillnhere.\" \"Would you like to gonwith me to the mall tomorrow? I plan to buy some things and maybe youncould come with me?\" Mew was desperately trying to lengthen hisnconversation with Alex. \"Uhm no sorry. I'llnbe watching movie tomorrow with the guys.\" \"Okay, what movie arenyou watching?\" \"Nothing you'd like.nHey, I've got to go now. Gotta call M. Night Mew...\" Mew listened to the cutnline. Speechless. His heart already stopped drumming. He's not evennsure if his heart is still beating. He never felt more rejected innhis whole life. Mew sat on his bed. Withntears streaming down on his cheeks, he accepted the fact, which henhas been denying himself all along. He loves Alex. He loves him withnall his heart but it seems that everything's already too late. Whynis there always something wrong? And why do these tears need to flownevery time he gets his heart broken? He clenched his fists. Hencan't take this any longer. He won't let this love go withoutnfighting. With a new surge of bravery, he planned his moves on Alex. (tonbe continued)[Chapter 5] Chapter 5 Saturday. 3PM. Alex was lying on his bed, eyes closed, and enjoying the cold breeze coming from the window. He feels relaxed. He never thought that not thinking too much about Mew would do well for his health. When he stopped walking Mew home, he felt empowered. He realized that he can demonstrate strong self-control. And when he refused to go to the mall with Mew today, he found self-respect. Why would he want to push himself to be loved by someone when that someone's heart is already full of someone else? Maybe somebody out there's waiting for me he thought. He then smiled as he remembered the guy from the swimming teamthe one he always catches looking at him. He's kind of cute has wide shoulders nice smile big \"You said you're going out today.\" \"MEW!\" Alex suddenly jumped out his bed, grabbed a pillow, and covered his crotchhe was only wearing boxers. So much for self respect, he thought. \"Why did you have to lie?\" asked Mew seriously. \"Who let you in?!\" \"Your mom.\" \"MOM!\" Alex called. \"No use, she just went out. So\" \"So what?\" \"Aren't you going to answer my question?\" \"What question?\" \"The one regarding your lie?\" \"I don't have to explain anything.\" Mew didn't comment on that. He looked at Alex then crouched to get Alex's shorts from the floor. He handed Alex the shorts and said, \"You still have not gotten over the fact that I dumped you, huh?\" \"Where did you get that idea?\" Alex grabbed the shorts while warily looking at Mew. \"Because you're avoiding me! You said\" \"I said I won't bother you anymore didn't I? That's what I'm doing!\" \"I\" Mew didn't know what to say. He was surprised at himself for shouting at Alex, but what confounded and hurt him more was when Alex shouted back. Both boys looked at each other without speaking. Alex's eyes were alight with fury while Mew's were lifeless black orbs. \"I just missed you, that's all...\" Mew's head bowed as he walked towards the door. Alex, however, won't let Mew go that fast. He grabbed Mew's arm then pulled the other boy into a tight embrace. \"Why do you have to do this to me?\" Alex whispered. *** \"So does this mean we're together now?\" Alex asked Mew. Alex was already wearing shorts and shirt. They were both lying on the bed and looking dreamily at the ceiling. It has already been more than an hour since their earlier confrontation. Mew rolled and laid on his belly then on top of Alex; their faces a few inches away from each other. \"Haven't I kissed you long enough? Or, how about this position does it indicate that we're no longer just friends?\" Mew answered, smiling. \"I guess so\" Alex smiled and kissed Mew briefly on the lips. \"I just can't believe this is happening.\" \"Me too\" Mew rested his head on Alex's chest. \"Can you stay that way for a few more minutes? I'd like to get used to the feeling.\" \"I'd like that. But, uhm, what if your mom finds out?\" \"She already knowsabout me. I'm sure she'd be happy to know about us.\" \"That's good. I uhm, never mind.\" \"What?\" \"No, nothing. So, what do we do next?\" \"Sex?\" \"No!\" Mew suddenly sat up. \"So, I don't appeal to you, huh?\" Alex teased. \"No, what I mean is, not yet. What I was asking was: what's our plan? Aren't we supposed to go on a date or something?\" \"A date is good. That's when we get to smooch after, right?\" \"Be serious!\" \"Okay, okay, sorry!\" Alex laughed. \"We can do it on Wednesday, if you want. It's Valentine's Day.\" \"Oh yeah! Where'd we go?\" \"Why don't you leave it to me?\" Mew looked at Alex \"Seriously?\" \"Seriously.\" Mew took Alex's hand and looked at his boyfriend, \"Why haven't I seen the great boyfriend in you before?\" *** Tuesday. 5PM. Mew was walking home after school. Alex had to run some errands so he wasn't able to walk Mew home. Mew had to look for a cover, however, when it suddenly started raining. He squeezed himself into a crowded waiting shed beside a bus stop. He was waiting for the rain to lighten so he can run his way home without getting really soaked. Alex would surely be mad but he has no choice. \"Mew\" His heart gave a skip when he heard the familiar voice called his name. \"Mew\" The caller repeated. Mew looked behind to see who called and his heart was pounding hard. \"Tong\" Mew's voice sounded neutral but he was actually trying to steady himself. It has been forever since he last saw his cherished Tong. \"Hey, how are\" Tong coughed before he was able to finish his question. \"Are you okay?\" Mew asked as he held Tong's shoulder. He became concerned about his friend when he saw that he didn't look well. \"Uh, yeah\" Tong tried to lie but he swooned a bit so his friend was not convinced. \"Uh-huh. Anyway, I'll accompany you home.\" \"Are you sure?\" \"Of course.\" \"Thanks.\" The boys rode a bus to Tong's house in silence. When they were already in front of the house, Mew said goodbye to Tong. \"Won't you be going inside?\" asked Tong. \"Your mom may not like it.\" \"It's okay,\" Tong smiled \"she's now fine with it. Besides, they won't be home till Saturday.\" Mew didn't argue anymore. A light rain started again and he doesn't want Tong's condition to get worse. Mew was cooking dinner when he remembered to call Alex. When he checked his cell phone, he saw that there were already five missed calls from Alex. He dialed the other's number right away and his call was immediately picked-up. \"Hello, Mew?\" Alex spoke. \"Alex, sorry, I wasn't able to call you earlier. I've had a bit of an emergency.\" \"What?! Where are you?\" \"Oh, no, it's nothing serious.\" \"What is it?\" \"Don't worry, I'll explain it tomorrow\" \"Well, if you say so. Don't forget our date tomorrow, okay?\" \"Uhm, yeah, of course.\" \"Are you sure you're okay?\" \"Absolutely.\" \"Okay, I guess I'll see you tomorrow I love you\" \"Me too Bye\" Mew hung up the phone. He felt conflicted. He's not sure how Alex will take the situation. He loves his boyfriend but everything became so complicated all of a sudden. \"Mew, are you okay?\" Tong called from the dining area. He was already preparing the plates. \"Hey, you shouldn't be moving too much. You're not feeling well. Have you taken your aspirin?\" Tong laughed a little then gave Mew a loving look. \"You worry too much, you know? Well, yes boss, I've taken my medicine.\" Mew's heart fluttered. He forgot how Tong used to make him feel. This is also what he has always imagined how things would turn out. Mew and Tong, happily living together. But things have already changed. Alex is already in the picture and he loves his boyfriend very much. But there's always the big 'BUT'. Mew let his mind rest for the moment. Regardless of whatever he's feeling right now, Tong is in need of help and he can't leave his friend alone. Dinner has already passed and both boys are lying on Tong's bed. \"Thank you for staying.\" said Tong. \"Tong?\" \"Hmmm?\" Tong turned to face Mew and laid his arm on Mew's chest. He could feel the other boy's fast heartbeat. \"I need to tell you something\" \"I missed you, Mew. I missed you so much; I thought I'd never see you again. It sure was lonely without you around\" Tong leaned and kissed Mew on the cheek. \"Oh, sorry. You were going to tell me something?\" Mew was speechless. He didn't know how to react to what just happened. \"Mew?\" \"Oh, nothing. Never mind\" \"Okay. I'm really happy you're here right now but I'm really tired\" \"Sleep now, Tong.\" \"Can I rest my head on your chest?\" \"Come here.\" Mew guided Tong's head on to his chest. Disregarding his confused heart, Mew went to sleep in the hope that tomorrow will clear his mind. Mew woke up at around 3AM. He heard Tong talking in his sleep. He felt Tong's forehead and it was really hot. He got out of the bed and went to the kitchen. He got some cold water from the refrigerator and poured it in a small basin. When he went back to the room, he searched for a face towel in Tong's cabinet. He saw one and dipped it in the water. When he went back to Tong's side, he squeezed the towel to dry a bit, and put it on Tong's forehead. He repeated the process until he was sure Tong's fever already subsided. When he checked the clock again, it was already five o'clock. He tiredly put the basin on the floor and gingerly went back to sleep. Mew suddenly sat straight when he woke up again. The room was already bright with sunshine. He looked at his watch and saw that it was already 9AM. He then looked at his right and saw Tong looking at him, smiling weakly. \"Good morning.\" said Tong. \"Good morning.\" said Mew then went to get his toothbrush from his bag and went to the bathroom. When he came back, Tong was sitting on the bed. Mew sat beside him. \"Sorry, I had you miss class today.\" \"That's okay.\" Mew felt Tong's forehead. \"Your fever already went down. Are you feeling better?\" \"Yes, sir\" Tong smiled. \"Anyway, I have brushed my teeth earlier.\" Mew was puzzled, \"So?\" \"So, this\" Tong kissed Mew on the lips. Mew's mouth slightly opened in surprise, which gave Tong the opportunity to enter his tongue into it. Mew pulled back and broke the kiss. Both boys looked at each other intently. Mew's eyes were in shock while Tong's was full of love. The latter broke the silence first. \"Mew, I'm sorry, I know I surprised you... but I really really missed you. Last night when I saw you, I thought my heart was going to explode. These weeks that I haven't seen you... was agony.\" Tong was already out of breath but since Mew was still silent, he took the opportunity to explain more. \"I know what I did was unthinkable and I'm so sorry... If you give me one more chance--\" \"Tong?\" \"Yes?\" \"I I already have a boyfriend.\" Tong was shocked. He felt his heart drumming harder. Earlier it was drumming because his love was overflowing; now, he just feels like everything is falling. He didn't expect this from Mew. Tong was really confused and hurting. He didn't know what else to do but gently hold Mew's hands and apologize, \"Sorry Mew, I didn't know I...\" \"It's Alex.\" \"I... I see.\" Tong felt a thousand needles pricking his heart. \"And he's probably wondering where I am right now.\" Mew didn't know what to do either. Right now, he just wants clear things out and leave to think.  \"Tong?\" Tong sadly looked at Mew in the eyes. \"I can't see you anymore. Alex and I are together now and I really want to give our relationship a try.\" Tong's chest felt heavier. He was about to say something when Mew's phone rang. Mew answered the call from his boyfriend. \"Hello?\" \"Mew! Where are you?! Why didn't you go to school?\" \"I already told you\" \"No, you didn't. I'm worried sick. Tell me where you are and I'll pick you up.\" \"I'm\" \"Where?\" \"at Tong's house\" \"What arewhat?\" \"At Tong's\" \"I know! But what are you doing there? And is that why you didn't want to tell me where you are?\" \"He was sick and I had to take care of him\" \"Why?\" \"Because he's my friend!\" \"And you slept beside him?\" \"Yes!\" Mew was getting irritated. \"WHAT?\" \"But it's not what you think! I told you he was sick!\" \"Uh-huh.\" \"Alex, please\" Mew was getting nervous. He has a dreadful feeling on where this conversation will end. \"Well, good luck on taking care of your friend .\" \"Alex\" \"By the way, you can forget our date later. I'm sure you've already forgotten about me anyway.\" \"ALEX!\" Mew exclaimed but the line was already dead. *** There goes the love of my life, Tong thought as he watched Mew's eyes lifelessly stare into abyss. \"I need to leave.\" said Mew. Tong didn't hold his feelings any longer. He hugged Mew as tight as he could and spoke as tears form in his eyes, \"I'm sorry I let you down when you needed me. If you give me one more chance, I promise to wait for you I promise to wait long enough\" Mew buried his head in Tong's neck. He too was tearing up. A few more minutes and they broke the embrace. \"I don't know, Tong.\" Mew sobbed. \"Then all I can do is hope.\"  \"I'll miss you.\" \"You better.\" Mew tried to smile. \"I'll miss you too.\" Tong gave Mew a final kiss on the forehead then Mew left. I'll look for you if you don't come back, Tong resolved as he watched Mew walk away.[Chapter 6] Hi everyone! I hope you're all having a wonderful time. Anyway, regarding my story, I really had a problem regarding this chapter. With all the drama that's supposed to be here, I honestly didn't know how to convey it. So, I had someone else talk about what happened next. Who else can tell us about it better than Mew himself? I recommend you listen to a really sad love song while reading this (like pachelbel's canon in d ). It just brings out the tears. =) Enjoy! Chapter 6 MEW I've always known Christmas seasons to be cold but it can be as freezing as North Pole even in a tropical country. When you have a bad case of broken heart, that is. You all know I went to him after that night with Tong, right? I swear I ran like a maniac just to be with himwith my heart hammering and all. But it was likeI arrived in the terminal too late. Like when all the trains already took off. I had been 10 months since that unfortunate event... and I'm still waiting for the train to come back. (Sigh) It's December once again. What's with December and my poor heart, anyway? I always feel like bleeding when it's supposed to be the happiest time of the year. Like now, listening to the church choir sing the magnificent Canon in D, my heart feels like being squeezed by a metal hand, and it's hard to breathe What's a Buddhist like me doing in a Catholic church anyway? Well, before I get ahead of myself, let me brief you about what happened during these past several months first. Alex and I were supposed to have our first date on Valentine's, right? Then I saw Tong and made the biggest mistake of my life. Hey, I mean, what are you going to do when you see your old best friend sick and all alone? Anyway, so Alex learned everything and went mad. I mean, when I finally talked to him, he was so cold to me and not asked for any explanation. He was just lying on his bed and crying bitterly. That got me you knowbreaking his heart I begged, explained, and cried, but my tears were not enough to rouse him up from his silence. Days passed and not a word for me came from him. I never thought I could go any more bruised. After I apologized several times, I knew I couldn't do anything else so I thought everything should already be up to him. I knew we couldn't be together anymore... but I never stopped wishing. I tried to at least make it up to him by being the best bud he could ever have even if he didn't care. I was so humbled I can barely recognize my self. Anyway, he didn't quit the band, thank goodness; though he didn't talk to me at first. Thanks to all our band mates, we were able to survive all those practices and stage appearances. Hehe forgave me eventually. I guess he realized we'd still have to talk somehow. That was about five months ago. I was so happy then. I almost thought everything would go back to normal. I was mistaken of course because that was basically ittalking to me during rehearsals so our life would be easier. Alex has changed as well. He's still fun loving but not as much as before. It's as if he had grown so much in such a short time. Aside from his now long hair, which makes him look older, he became more serious about his studies, and he now speaks with more maturity. He's still good with everybody. He's good with his parents, classmates, and friends (even with me post break-up). He just ignores me most of the time but he never really said anything bad to me. The hardest part of everything is the fact that I loved him more. I never stopped, you see... Day by day, as I watch him grow, I couldn't help but admire him more and feel sad at the same time. As I realized what a great person he really is, my heart swelled with so much affectionit hurt. Sometimes, when he realizes he's warming up to me again, he starts getting cold suddenly, then ignores me, then shoos me away. Well, not really shoos me away but I kind of get the feeling when he doesn't want me around anymore. And I, being the fucking martyr I've always been, wait for the next time when he'll talk to me again. (Sigh) Sad, I know. I've always been pathetic, but this this brings me literally to tears. Especially tonight that it's finally, finally over I really want to tell you more about how it's been because those were at least happy memories. Because those are all I have now. Because now in this freezing night, inside this huge-almost-empty church as I listen to choir practice, I'm crying my heart out. I've been here for about an hour, or two, or three maybe. I don't know. I've lost count already. I never thought this could happen in real life lose count of the hours. It was raining earlier, you see. Alex was stuck in a store somewhere. He called to ask me to bring him an umbrella. Silly me; I fell for that one. Ha-ha. Anyway, I said to myself, finally . He asked me to bring two umbrellasone for each of us. And me, thinking sharing one umbrella is better, just brought one, of course. \"Hey, Alex.\" I said to him smiling as I saw him standing in the middle of the store. \"Hey, uhm, you only brought one umbrella?\" \"Uhm, I thought, since we're going the same way\" \"Oh, sorry, I should have told you I just really need an umbrella. I'll be going somewhere else.\" My pride went down the drain. \"Oh anyway, here. Just have this.\" I handed him the umbrella. I know, pathetic. \"Thanks.\" He got my umbrella and walked away. That's it? I couldn't believe what happened. I was almost tearing up as I watch him walk away when things suddenly seemed to stop as I saw him talk to a guy on the other side of the store. I clearly saw the look on that guy's eyes. That's how I look at Alex... Then they smiled at each other and walked out of the store. I was so shocked I couldn't move... But I had to follow himI had to. I ran outside; under the light rain. \"Alex!\" I shouted. Alex and the guy turned to look at me. \"Why did you make me bring it?\" I was shaking. \"Because I know you would.\" He smiled and again, they walked away. My heart just broke. Like the worst of all broken hearts. The thousand pieces splattered all over the floorwhile other people walk all over them. That's how I got here, by the way. I was so lonely; I just had to go somewhere. Then I saw this huge building, with lights on, and doors wide open. I knew anybody's free to go in so I did. I didn't know where else to go. At least I'm welcome here. Hey, I think the rain has already stopped. It's time for me to go homeeven if no one's waiting for me there[Chapter 7] Chapter 7 Mew's feet felt heavy as he walked home from the church. Light rain still poured from the sky but he couldn't care less. His eyes were still red from crying but he never thought of what people would think. He only wanted to get home and succumb to the safety of his bedroom. Mew reached his house and stood in front of it for some moment. I should have left a light open earlier, he thought. He went inside and as soon as he switched on the light, someone called his name from the door. \"Mew\" Mew turned to the owner of the voice. Before he can even speak, tears flowed freely from his eyes. \"Ying\" Mew said softly. \"Mew what happened?\" Ying embraced Mew. Mew continued crying; he cannot speak. After several minutes, as his crying became soft sighs, Mew moved away from the embrace and wiped his eyes. He smiled meekly the apologized to his friend. \"Sorry I'm such a baby\" Ying was still holding Mew's arms. \"Hey. That's what I'm here for.\" Mew's stomach growled. He had not eaten anything since lunch and it's almost 10 in the evening. Ying smiled at Mew and led him to sit in the dining area. \"Wait here. I think there's still some chicken soup left in my house.\" \"I'm really okay, you don't have to\" \"No, you're not arguing with me on this one. Don't move okay?\" Ying went out of the house before Mew could reply. Ying came back with some food after a few minutes. She didn't let Mew talk until he finished his dinner. The latter, on the other hand, ate heartily. He didn't realize how hungry he really was until his body protested. When he finished eating, Ying brought the dishes to the sink and came back to Mew right away. \"Thanks that was delicious.\" Ying held Mew's hand. \"Mew, I know we haven't talked much this past few months and a lot of things have obviously happened With you and Alex, and me, having a boyfriend But still, you know I'm always here for you, right?\" \"I know\" \"Anyway, you look tired, you should already sleep. Talk to me when you're ready, okay?\" \"Is it okay if you stay? I really need to talk to someone right now.\" Mew told Ying the recent events in his life. They haven't talked about anything for a while and Mew poured his heart out. Ying listened closely and both laughed and shed tears as they rediscover their old friendship. \"I'm really glad you're here\" said Mew. Ying smiled and pinched her friend's nose. \"I've never seen you cry before and I didn't know you can look cute crying.\" Mew's heart skipped. That's what Alex told him the first time he saw him cry. Mew smiled. \"No, really... With what happened tonight, I really didn't know what to do. Anyway, enough about me. Tell me about your boyfriend. I don't know anything about him except he's a common friend of you and Tong.\" \"That, my dear, is for another night. I'm now happy and that's what you need to remember. Tonight is yours and we are going to talk about you. Anyway, speaking of Tong, his torch is still burning for you, you know.\" \"I don't know He and I aren't meant to be right now, I guess. Plus, it's an issue with his mom so I think it won't work anyway.\" \"Oh, but it's okay with his mom now. At least that's what he told me. I think they talked about it last year.\" \"Oh\" \"But. You've got a point. I don't think you should consider it yet especially right now. Anyway, what are you going to do now?\" Mew smiled. \"Uhm, if love comes back knocking on the door of my heart, I'll tell him nobody's home.\" Ying slapped Mew's arm lightly then both laughed at what Mew said. \"So bitter!\" \"Well, that's how I feel right now.\" \"Well, thank goodness you're back. That's the Mew I know: bitter, sour, and moody.\" \"Oh, yeah?\" Mew was smiling broadly. \"You bet you are! I mean, you're now going to forget about love, right?\" \"That and 'caring' toosince you only get hurt when you start to care.\" \"Seriously?\" \"You can also forget about crying! I'm sick and tired of crying, I'd rather tape my tear ducts shut than cry again.\" \"Wow, talk about turning over a new leaf! If I remember it correctly, you soaked my blouse with tears!\" \"Okay, you start by forgetting that.\" Mew was already laughing. Ying looked at the wall clock and noticed that it was already midnight. \"Hey Mew\" Ying said in a serious voice, \"whatever it is that you're facing right now, I know you can overcome it.\" Mew stopped laughing and inhaled deeply. \"You've been through this and a lot more. Be strong, okay?\" Mew looked and his friend and smiled. Surprisingly, he thought his day wouldn't end with tears. \"Thank you Ying,\" said Mew. Ying stood up. \"And don't make don't rush making decisions.\" Mew stood up as well and gave Ying a hug. \"Okay\" When Ying was already out of the house, Mew washed the dishes and prepared for bed. *** Mew sat on the spot where he and Tong used to sit when they where still kids. He inhaled deeply as he enjoyed the breeze coming from the river. He never really thought he'd come back to this place after Tong went away. But when he woke up this morning, he felt he needed to get out of the house. Since it's already Christmas Eve and they don't have classes anymore, his feet led him to this place, which reminded him so much of his childhood. He has already forgotten his specific conversations here with Tong but he knew that they were all wonderful. Maybe that's the reason he got himself here earlier anyway, he told himself. The feeling of comfort that this place provided him was an oasis to the turmoil called his life. His conversation with Ying last night also gave him a glimmer of hope. Although he still generally felt down, he now knew that crying will not bring him anywhere. He can choose to stop himself from falling in love again or, he can just charge everything to experience. It didn't really take him long to decide to choose the latter. With his experience of surviving three losses, he thought taking some more chances can no longer bring him down. Besides, choosing to stop one's self from loving is a little bit ridiculous, if not impossible. As he closed his eyes, he thanked Buddha for the cold weatherthat it suited his emotions. But he thought he has had enough of the cold weather already and that he'd be happy to look forward again to the warmth of summer. He wished to Buddha for summer to come soon. Mew would have wanted to stay longer but by lunch time, he heard the crumbling sound stomachs make when they're hungry. If he really wanted a new beginning, he thought, he'd better start with himself. So, against his recent habit of skipping meals, he stood up to go home and eat. Before he left however, he made a decision on the matter he was avoiding earlier. He'd have to say goodbye to Alex for now. Alex clearly doesn't want him back and he'd have to accept that. He also never thought Alex could hurt him deliberately. But well, it's almost the same feeling when Tong dumped him. He promised he won't cry again, but you can't retrieve fallen teardrops, right? With eyes brimming with tears, he looked once more at the river. \"I guess I won't be here in a while again,\" he said, and then walked away. *** 4PM- TONG It's already been a year. I hope you don't mind if I see you tonight, Mew *** 6PM [In a bus from Chiang Mai] - ALEX What have I done? Mew, please forgive me please wait for me[Chapter 8] Chaptern8 Tongnwas trying his best to run faster. He was still several blocks awaynfrom Mew's house when he received an urgent call from Ying, tellingnhim that Mew will be going out of the house in a few minutes. Goodnthing he told Ying about his surprise visit, she was able to tip himnso he could make haste. Where would Mew go at 9PM on Christmas Eve?nhe thought. He was nearing their old street when he saw Mew cross onnthe other side of the street suddenly. Tong stopped in his tracks andnwatched Mew walk hurriedly. He was deeply thinking of something, hendidn't notice Tong standing on the other side of the street. Mewnwas fuming. Who does he think he is? Isn't it enough that he playednme once? Mew can't help but look again at the impossible textnmessage from Alex, which simply read: Please meet me now at the MonChit Bus Station. He actually received it at around 6PM but ignorednit with the strongest resolve he can muster. It took him less than 5nminutes to change his mind. He tried to call Alex's phone but thenother line went dead just after two rings. He was really irritated.nAfter all the plans and thinking he made the whole day, now this.nAfter three hours of pacing his walls at home, he decided to go. Henthought Alex might really be in need this time But he'd betternbe bleeding or dying when I get there, he thought. Otherwise, thisnwill really be the last. And I'll make sure he's bleeding beforenI leave. Henthen took his jacket and prepared to leave. He was about to go whennYing suddenly appeared on his door step. He thought she was trying tonstop him from leaving but not even her strongest persuasion skillsncan stop him from seeing his bastard love. As he walked hurriedly onnthe street, he crossed his arms in front of his chest. Even hisnjacket was no match from the bitter cold. Curiously, in the corner ofnhis eyes, he thought he saw Tong standing, watching him. That'snsilly, he thought. Tong wouldn't have a reason to be here. I justnprobably missed him, he thought. Then, he felt a pang in his heart. Alexnwas looking over the almost empty bus station. It had been more thannthree hours since he sent the text message to Mew, and still, thenother boy has not come. He knew that it would be impossible to expectnMew to forgive him after the horrible things that he did. But hisnheart was so heavy; he had no strength to move. He had been feelingnthis way for a long time now. He knew he'd be able to lift thisnache by forgiving Mew, and he had the chancea lot of chance, whichnhe carelessly blew away. He thought they would be better off withoutneach other that Mew would be better off with Tong. But, he can'tnignore his feelings anymore, especially the guilt every time he hurtnhis dear one. He bled every time he did something awful to Mew. Andnnow, he's desperately praying to get his chance back. It wasnbitterly cold that night. Well, it was Christmas after all and peoplenneed the warmth of their loved ones to bring them comfort. Too bad,nthough, if you don't have it nor a jacket, like Alex. It's nownalmost 10 and it's hopeless to wait. He grabbed his bag andnprepared to go. That's when he heard quick but faint foot stepsncoming to him. His heart drummed loudly and he closed his eyes.nPlease, let it be him \"Alex,\"nsaid Mew. Alexnopened his eyes and fat tears rolled down his cheeks; his body, stiffnand shivering. \"I'm sorry I'm sorry, I'm sorry\" wasnall he could say. Mewnwas dumbfounded. He was expecting the angry Alex, the arrogant Alex.nBut instead he got the Alex he was waiting for all this time Mewnhowever, held his position. He'd be damned if he's going to fallnfor another one. \"What's this? Is this another of your ploys?\"nhe said with tears falling from his eyes. Alexnfound it hard to move his body. With all his effort, he shook hisnhead. \"No, Mew not this time.\" \"You'rensorry, so what?\" Alexncan't breathe nor speak. He looked directly into Mew's eyes andntried to hold his arm. Mew withdrew his arm, as if scalded by hotnwater. \"No,\"nsaid Mew. \"I won't accept a half-assed explanation and you betternstart now.\" Alexnspoke between sobs. \"I did it because I don't want you tonget stuck with me, when I'm not the one you really want. And lastntime I didn't really want to do it. But you wouldn't let mengo It hurts me every time you come near me. It hurts every timenyou sing a song that was really meant for Tong\" Alex'sndam thoroughly broke. His sobs became a full blown cry. He tried toncover his eyes with his hands to stop the tears but it only worsened.nAnd as he drowned in his misery, he felt thin arms envelope himncarefully, and Mew's voice told him that he's forgiven andneverything will be okay. \"I'mnsorry, I'm sorry\" Alex cried. \"Thosensongs became yours when you became mine\" Mew sobbed. Thenboys embraced for a few more minutes while Alex gathered strength tonlet go of Mew. When his tears subsided, and as he was able to breathenagain evenly, he finally let go of Mew. He looked into the other'sneyes and spoke, \"I was so stupid. I shouldn't have hurt you thatnway.' \"Well,nyou still have time to make up for it,\" said Mew, now smiling. \"You'rentaking me back?\" \"Isn'tnthat why you wanted me to come here?\" Alexncouldn't believe what he heard. \"I was just actually hoping you'dnforgive\" \"Incan take it back\" Mewndid not get to finish his sentence. Alex planted a long kiss on hisnlips. \"Please don't\" Bothnboys laughed as they looked at each other. Who knew the whole year'sndrama will end well at the last minute? Whennthey finally caught their breath, Alex grabbed his bag. \"Wow nownI can sleep well.\" \"Younmean after every thing, you're just gonna sleep on me?\" \"Asnlong as you sleep beside me.\" \"Hmmmngood idea.\" Bitternwinds howled but no icy wind can penetrate between the love they feltnfor one another. With arms clinging in each others', they headed tonhome. Epilogue Mewnwoke up to the smell of brewed coffee. \"Wakenup sleepy head. Breakfast in bed!\" Mewnwas still disoriented. \"Uhmm what time is it?\" \"Timenfor you to wake up,\" Alex said as he stuffed a slice of apple innhis lover's mouth. Then he kissed Mew on the forehead. \"HappynValentines\" Mewnlooked at Alex lovingly. \"Two years\" \"Andnforever, and ever, and ever\" Alex said then kissed the only lipsnhe wanted to kiss. THEnEND Author'snNote: Wow!nAt last! Whew it was really nice writing for the Love of Siam fansnaround the world! Writing this story was really a happy experiencenfor me. I know some of you wanted it to be longer but this is reallynwhere I see it end. Well, at least for Mew and Alex. They adoptednkids and experienced all those wonderful and painful experiences ofnmarried couples (and a gay couple at that!). Asnfor Tong, (wtf happened to him at the last part of the story anyway?)nhe followed Mew to the bus station and saw every thing. He finallyngave up but maintained his friendship with Mew and Ying. I just don'tnreally know what happened to Tong and Ying except that they keptncontact with Mew. Well,nI would finally want to thank everyone who followed this love story,nespecially those who took time to comment. I really appreciate it.nI'm not sure if I'll write another story about TLOS, being busynin work and everything. But, I wish you guys the best and I hope younfind your true love! Happynnew year and happy valentines! ceejay[Chapter 9] Hi Guys! I really appreciate you for leaving reviews. So, due to your demand, I'm going to make an alternate ending to my one and only story. I hope to post it next week. Super thanks to everyone! -Ceej ---------------------------------------------------- After one week: Hi everyone! This next chapter is a part of what I promised. This answers the what-ifs left in the last chapter. Like, what if Alex didn't wait for Mew and what if Tong followed Mew. I hope you enjoy and please tell me what you think! Chapter 9 Mew woke up with a start. He hurriedly looked at his watch and cursed as he saw that it was almost 9pm. He just closed his eyes earlier to think whether to go to Alex or not but of course, he didn't realize that he dozed off. Now however, he already knew that he needed wanted to go to Alex. He doesn't know how he would react when he sees him but right now, his heart aches with longing He shouldn't be feeling it anymore after what has happened but well He's sure of one thing though. Only one of two things can happen tonight: the final closure of their relationship or the start of a new beginning. *** Mew's heart was pounding as he went out of his house a few minutes later. Alex said he'd be at the bus station by 7 so he's already two hours late. He was afraid that by the time he arrives everything would be too late. But he has to wait for me, Mew thought. Me was never a big believer of romantic stories but he wished with all his heart, in the name of all the sappy movies he ever watched, for Alex to wait for him. Please wait for me Mew whispered. Unnoticed by him however, was the worried Tong looking at him from the other side of the street. As Mew passed by, Tong can't help but feel cruel pins prick his heart. But he's already used to it by now, since this feeling found him the moment he let go of Mew. *** It has been more than two hours since Alex arrived in the bus station. He was a mixture of emotions: stressed, troubled, hurt, in love, nervous, and fatiguedlike he was a hub of emotions, which morphed into a human being. Finally, he settled into just being sad as he accepted the fact that Mew will not come anymore. He wanted to call him earlier but his mobile phone battery is already empty and he didn't want to look for a pay phone because he might miss Mew when he comes. Alex stood up from where he was sitting and decided to leave; the bus station is already closing anyway. If Mew doesn't want to see me, then fine, I'd go look for him Alex thought. With a new resolve, he carried all his bags and went out. *** Mew was panting when he reached the meeting place. He stood in front of the dark terminal and berated himself, \"What was I expecting?\" he smiled bitterly and inhaled deeply. He closed his eyes tightly before his tears decide to fall. He willed himself not to cry even if his heart feels like being squeezed to a pulp. \"If you want to go to Chiangmai, I promise to bring you there tomorrow.\" Mew turned back and saw Tong standing near him. Mew was startled; he couldn't move a muscle. His mouth was agape as he watched Tong came and hugged him tightly. Mew would have wanted to hold his tears back but he failed, miserably. He found his hands embracing Tong while his head leaned on Tong's left shoulder as he softly cry. As Mew cry his heart out on Tong's shoulders, Tong's heart was experiencing its own aches. He thought of what a character on TV once said: Don't befriend the one you love, she will only cry on your shoulders. Well, I guess that's me then , Tong thought, the friend who gets to comfort the hurt loved one even though it was a fault of someone else . \"Everything's going to be okay\" Tong said, still embracing Mew. Both boys were oblivious of the outside world, of some people looking at them, of the cold breeze, and of the clear night that appeared after a season of dark clouds and rain. Mew pulled from the embrace and smiled weakly at Tong. \"You shouldn't be following me around or I'll only cry on your shoulders,\" said Mew. Tong felt out of breath. Don't rub it in, he thought; but said, \"It's okay, I wouldn't want you crying on another guy's shoulder anyway.\" Mew inhaled again and smelt Tong's scent. He felt a bit weird but he kind of missed that smell  that fresh sweet smell of young wood. \"Thanks, by the way. I now feel better.\" \"Uhm, but why are you going to Chiangmai at this hour?\" \"No, I wasn't going there. I was just supposed to meet someone.\" Damn! I should have known, Tong thought. \"Alex, huh?\" \"Who else?\" \"Lucky bastard.\" Tong smiled at Mew. \"But since it looks like it didn't go well, would you like to tell me about it?\" \"Yeah, I guess uhm would you walk me home?\" \"Sure\" \"Anyway...\" \"How did you know I was going here?\" \"Well, I heard someone calling my name and I thought it might be you.\" Tong smiled sweetly and leaned to kiss Mew on the nose. Mew blushed. \"Hehe, sorry. I got uhm I mean, uhm..\" Tong tried to explain. \"Silly... hehe... Let's go?\" Mew was flattered with how he can make the cool Tong react like this. Tong held his hand and they started to walk home. \"I hope it's okay if I hold your hand,\" said Tong. Mew was a little uncomfortable but he nodded. Although he was feeling a little guilty, at the back of his mind, he thought that this was his revenge to his dick of an ex-boyfriend. Tong, on the other hand, was like walking in the clouds. He never thought this would still be possible. He suddenly became aware of the bright moon, the countless stars that decorated the sky, and the happiness that he felteven though Mew was tearing up as he talk about his sad year. I guess I still have hope, Tong thought happily. But of course, he didn't let Mew see it. Tong wanted the moment to last longer but in no time, they were already near Mew's house. He was looking at Mew lovingly when he saw him froze. He followed his gaze and saw Alex standing in front of Mew's door, looking at them. His clenched his left hand at the sight of Alex. He then felt Mew free his hand from him. *** Alex's heart was pounding. He wanted to punch Tong but he wanted Mew to forgive him more. He went to them and talked to Mew, completely ignoring Tong. \"I wanted to see you to apologize.\" Mew looked at him expressionless, and then spoke, \"I came to look for you at the bus station.\" Alex's heart skipped a beat and tears started to fall from his eyes. \"I'm sorry Mew\" He wiped his tears away before he totally breaks down. Mew was stricken by what Alex did. He never thought Alex would sincerely regret what he did. But nothing could have prepared Mew from what happened next. Alex grabbed his hands and asked, \"Can I sleep in your house tonight? I don't have a place to stay for tonight\" Before Mew could react, Tong spoke. \"Mew, can you please let me stay with you tonight? I also don't have a place to stay\"[Chapter 10] Chaptern10 Mewnwas leaning on the door inside his room. For the nth time thatnevening, he took a deep breath. He slowly slumped on the floor andncovered his face with his hands. I couldn't have done anything, henreasoned to himself. He thought about what happened earlier and henstill couldn't believe how his two 'friends' ended up stayingnin his house for the night. Whennthe two guys asked his permission to sleep over, he wasnflabbergasted. He froze like a comic statue with mouth ajar and anlone sweat-drop pasted on his forehead. He tried to argue with \"uhms\"nand \"buts\" but he was no match for the stern looks he got fromnTong and Alex. When he came to think about it, he felt like he wasnbullied into agreeing into letting them get their way. What were theynthinking anyway? he asked himself. Anfew minutes later, he decided to go down to the dining area wherenthey were waiting for him. He stood up and turned around to open thendoor when he suddenly blacked out for a second and lost his balance.nHe then fell on the floor with a dull thud. \"What the fuck?\" hengrunted. He had not eaten since lunch, he remembered; and it'snalmost midnight. He sat up and tried to stand up when the doornabruptly opened, knocking him down. \"Ouch,\"ncomplained Mew. Alexnwas horrified. \"Oh no, Mew, I'm sorry! I thought I heard\"nHe cut himself from blabbering when he realized that Mew was stillnlying on the floor, hands on his head. He quickly helped Mew stand upnthen continued apologizing. \"I'mnokay, don't worry\" said Mew, massaging his temple. Alexnlooked like a sad little puppy that Mew couldn't help but feelnsorry for him. Alex looked down the floor and spoke, \"What took younso long? You went up almost an hour ago if I make younuncomfortable, it's okay if\" \"Hey,\"nMew interrupted, \"don't think too much about it. I was just doingnsomething and I kind of just forgot about the time. Sorry, okay?\" \"Surenthing.\" Alex smiled a bit. \"Uhh, we made dinner would you likento go downstairs?\" \"Yeah,nI'm already hungry, thanks.\" Mewnthanked the other boys silently as he went down the stairs. As usual,nhe only realized he was hungry until it's almost too painful tonbear. He stopped at his tracks however, when he saw that the diningnarea was transformed into an elegant-looking-Christmas-lighted place.nThe table now has a table cloth with flowers and delicious lookingnfood on top. Beside the table was a smiling and guilty looking Tong. \"How\"nMew cannot form the sentence. \"Let'snjust say,\" Tong pulled a chair and signaled Mew to sit there, \"Inwas kind of planning thiswith Ying's help.\" After Mew sat, henpulled a chair for himself and sat as well. Tong was completelynignoring the dagger looks that Alex was throwing him. Tong wasnsitting on Mew's left while Alex sat on Mew's right. On the tablenwere cups of hot chocolate, some bread, ham, and a bowl of apples,ngrapes, and oranges. There was also a pair of expensive-looking chinanwaresfor him and for Tong. Alex, however, got the old dining waresnhe usually use at home. \"Let'snjust also say,\" Alex spoke, looking grimly at Tong, \"Tong plannednthis only for the two of you.\" He then looked at Mew, \"So, sorrynfor interrupting.\" Mew'sneyes widened. He quickly raised his hands a bit and waved them likencrazy, \"No-no-no-no! It's not what you think!\" He looked atnTong for support. To his disgust, Tong smiled and said, \"It'snwhat he thinks it is.\" Tong threw a challenging look at Alex. Bothnboys looked at each other, eye to eye. Deadnair. Incan't believe this is happening! Mew thought. \"Guys please,na-ha-ha-ha\" Morendead air. Mewnwanted to die right there and then. Anfull minute passed and Tong broke the silence. He looked at them andnsmiled sweetly. \"Merry Christmas, Mew Alex.\" Both boys werentaken aback. \"Oh\"nMew looked at the wall clock. It was five minutes passed midnight.n\"Oh yeah Merry Christmas too\" \"Uhm,nMerry Christmas guys\" said Alex. Mewnremembered the first and last time he spent Christmas with Tong whennthey were kids and last year, when he got dumped; both were fillednwith sad memories. Mew's just happy that they're finally spendingna normal Christmaswarm, cozy, and without drama. This is reallynsweet, Mew thought. Tong and Mew smiled at each other. Asnif by magic, the tension earlier completely dissipated. The boys atentheir meal in peace. They even shared stories and laughed at eachnothers' jokes. Whennthe meal was over, Mew tidied up the table while Tong and Alex washednthe dishes in silence. Mew looked at his ex-boyfriend and hisnalmost-boyfriend disbelievingly and thought, \"So the war isn'tnover yet.\" Mewncouldn't have guessed better because when bedtime came, bothninsisted on sleeping beside Mew. Mewncan't sleep. He felt weird lying between Tong (on his right) andnAlex (on his left). His brain was swarming with thoughts. I admitnthat it's nice okay, exciting. But damn! How did I end upnhere?! Why did Tong come back? Why did Alex forgive me all of ansudden? How am I going to think about my issues when my issues arenlying beside me?! Who am I going to choose? WHAT? Why am I choosing? Anthousand more questions flooded Mew and it was almost morning whennthe dream king took him. He dreamt about his grandmother, about Ying,nabout Alex, about Tong, about weird stuffs and happier days.[Chapter 11] Mewnwoke up with the sun shining from his window. His eyes felt blindednby the light so he groggily tried to pull his blanket to his face. Henrealized however, that the blanket was stuck on something. He wasnshocked when he remembered that the two other boys slept beside him anfew hours ago. His senses came to full alert. His heart fluttered innfrenzy as he carefully moved his head left and right to verify thatnthey were still really sleeping. Relief washed over him as he sawnthat both were fast asleep. His heart felt like it won't stopnhammering soon, so he gently got up before his heartbeat wake thenothers up. Mew lifted and moved his Tong's arm that was lying onnhis stomach, and quietly budged out of the bed. Henwent to the bathroom to brush his teeth. He looked at himself in thenmirror, and unable to restrain his emotions, he gave himself a fullnand animated toothy grin. He has not felt this way since the firstnnight that Tong kissed him. Now, of course, he's thinking of twonguys instead of one. Stop yourself from giggling like a gay kid, hentold himself. He knew that being with the two boys at once willncreate a problem, but he tried to put the bad feelings aside, justnfor this special day. Today, he decided to just appreciate all thenlove he can get. After brushing his teeth and washing his face, hengot a fresh shirt and changed. Mewnwent to the kitchen to make breakfast. He has got some eggs, stripsnof bacon, bread, cheese, and hotdogs. While frying some eggs, henstarted brewing the coffee that his aunt bought from the Philippines.nHe decided to heat the bread later, when the others are alreadynawake. He was washing some dishes when he yelped after a pair of armsnembraced him from behind. \"You smell good can I have you fornbreakfast?\" said Tong, as he sleepily laid his head on Mew's leftnshoulder. Mew's heart was pounding so hard, he was afraid he'dnpuke it out. \"Tong\"nstarted Mew, as he inhaled Tong's mint smelling breath and feltnTong's lips touch his cheek. He was in the middle of an emergingnpanic attack when he felt Tong abruptly pull away. He quickly turnednaround and saw that a deadly-looking Alex was holding the arm of annequally deadly-looking Tong. It was as if they were both on firenwhile Mew was melting in embarrassment. Mew chose to stay quiet, innfear that their rage would turn and focus on him. But as expected, henstill ended up as the main attraction. Alex turned to him and heldnhis shoulder, and without a warning, kissed him on his lips. Andnbefore Tong could react, Alex pulled a bit. \"Good morning,\" saidnAlex, looking less grumpy. Mew's eyes were wide as saucers andndidn't now if he'd smile like crazy or strike them bleeding ornthump them unconscious. When Tong tried to kiss him as well, henfreaked out. \"STOPnIT!\" Tong'snface froze halfway to Mew's, while Alex slowly unclenched his fist,nwhich would have flown to Tong if the kiss ensued. Mew'sneyes were dampened with tears of frustration. He looked at Tong andnAlex with sadness and reproach. He didn't feel special; just ancheap prize in a competition. The silence was killing the boys, onnthe other hand. \"I'm I'm sorry Mew, I shouldn't have donenthat\" said Alex. He tried to reach Mew, but Mew dodged his hand.nTong also tried to touch Mew, but he motioned Tong to stop. \"Ifnyou're not going to eat the breakfast, you better leave so I cannclean it up\" Mew said. A fraction of a second passed and the boysnwere already on the tableTong was pouring coffee on the cups andnAlex was slicing cheese. They knew better than to piss Mew. Thenowner of the house sat on his chair and looked at his guests, whonwere busily ignoring him. \"I'm happy that you're here Inreally am,\" the boys stopped what they're doing and looked at himn\"and I'm also very flattered. I'd like to thank you becausenlast night was so different from all the Christmas eves I've evernhad\" Tong and Alex smiled bashfully and anticipated the nextnsentence. Mew continued: \"Regarding what happened earlier\" Therenwas a loud knock on the door. \"Mew!\" Ying called. Mewnstood up right away after he heard Ying calling. Alex almost died innanticipation, while Tong thought he'd have to strangle Ying later.nMew stopping his speech at that point was too much. It could havenmeant Mew choosing between the two of them. \"Hineveryone!\" Ying greeted as she went to have a seat with them. \"Indidn't know you'd also be here Alex!\" she said excitedly. Atnthat statement, Alex choked on the piece of hotdog he was swallowing.n\"Oh I'm sorry! Did I say something wrong?\" Ying panicked as shensaw Alex cough one after another. When he stopped coughing, he washednhis throat down with a gulp of coffee. Few tear drops flowed from hisneyes. \"NonI'm okay\" said Alex, chest heaving hard. Mew,non the other hand, was so worried, he rubbed Alex's back. \"Arenyou sure?\" he asked with a tone of affection. \"Yes,nI'm sure\" \"Wait\"nsaid Mew. He got a piece of tissue paper from the table and wipednAlex's tears \"that's better.\" Mew smiled at Alex. Notnso far away, Tong's heart was breaking. Air was coming fromnoutside, filling his lungs, and squashing his fragile heart. Mew usednto worry for him like that; Mew used to smile at him like that. Henthen felt Ying's hand on top of his. He looked at her and saw hernapologetic smile. Mewnand Alex were still looking at each other when Ying interrupted. \"Whyndon't we go on a double date later?\" said Ying. \"No.\"nEveryone responded in unison. Ying scratched her head in irritation,nand forced out a lame ha-ha-ha. Setting up Tong with Mew was hardernthan I anticipated, she thought. \"WhatnI want\" Tong said looking at Mew, \"is to go on a date alone withnyou. \"If that's okay.\" Herenwe go again Mew thought. It was his turn to scratch his head. Alexncleared his throat and told Tong sternly, \"Why is it that younalways\" and then he saw Mew's look \"uhm what I mean isnuhm Mew, you know I'd also like to go out with you.\" Mewnlooked from one admirer to another, and then to his ex-admirer, Ying,nand then looked at his food. \"Sure I guess\" He felt energynof triumph emanate from the boys; that's when he became scared. \"Mew\"nsaid Alex. \"I just need to talk to Tong for a minute. Please excusenus.\" Alex motioned Tong to follow him. Before Mew could react, theynwere already heading for his room. \"I'mnso sorry Ying\" \"Hey!\"nYing held Mew's hand. \"This is what we've been waiting for! Tonthink you were crying to death\" Mewncupped Ying's mouth with his hand. \"Not too loud!\" They werenboth giggling after that. \"No,nseriously.\" Mew started. He was looking at Ying, wide eyed. \"Indon't know what happened last night they came and then we hadndinner and then they slept here and then they were fighting and wenwere fighting, oh my gosh!\" Yingnwas so happy for her friend. She had never seen Mew so excited. Thisnwas actually the first time she saw him blabbering. \"Oh my gosh!nI'm so happy for you\" \"Butnthis is the problem. How can I be with those two at the same time? Itnhasn't been 24 hours and they're already like that! Plus, Alex isnmy ex. How long did I want him to forgive me? Then here comes Tong,nwho came from nowhere, professing he wants to be with me! What aboutnauntie Suni? I don't oh the coffee is really delicious, younshould really try this.\" Mew pushed his cup to Ying. Yingnrealized that the boys were already walking down the stairs so shengot the cue from Mew and got the cup quickly and drank before shensaid anything she'd regret. While doing so, she and Mew werenlooking at each other conspiratorially. \"Mew,\"nAlex started \"if it's okay with you Tong and I would like tontake you out on different days. Tong would take you on the first day,nand then me on the second day.\" \"That's,nof course, if it's okay with you\" said Tong. \"Surenhe would!\" Ying answered. \"Ying!\"nMew pinched Ying on her side. \"Ouch!\" \"That'sngreat!\" exclaimed Alex. \"Nownthat it's settled,\" said Tong \"Mew, I'll go out with yountomorrow, Alex will go out with you on the following day.\" Mew:n\"Why do I get the feeling that I'm being ignored here?\" Yingnto Alex and Tong: \"That's great guys! I hope it'd benwonderful!\" Alexnand Tong were nodding their heads enthusiastically; toonenthusiastically, Mew thought. \"Okay,nso why don't we leave now so you can prepare?\" said Ying. Alex:n\"I'm ready to go.\" Tong:n\"Me too.\" Mew:n\"Don't I get to say something about this too?!\" Yingnto Mew: \"If you're doing something in the next few days, changenyou schedule, honey. You know you want this.\" Mew blushed beet red.nHis friends stood up and thanked him for the breakfast. Tong and Yingnwere already out of the door, while Alex was trailing behind. BeforenAlex finally went out, he winked at Mew, and then playfully blew ankiss to him. Mew could not believe his luck. Things were becomingnright with him and his ex at last. There was still, of course, thenquestion about Tong. Both hurt him in the past, and both making ancome back. Henfinished his breakfast, thanking Buddha for finally giving him spacenand silence to think things over. He was chewing a piece of baconnwhen Tong came back and walked towards him, and without a word heldnthe back of his head and kissed him deep. Mew felt his world whirl,nwith the meat in his mouth refusing to go down his throat, Tong'snscent overwhelming his senses, Tong's tongue all over his teeth,nTong's lips pressed to his. When Tong finally pulled away, hensmiled at Mew. \"You were delicious, thank you for the breakfast.\"nTong then flashed Mew the sweetest smile Mew had ever seen. Tongnwalked out of the house without waiting for Mew's response. Mew'snheartbeat was so faint he was afraid it already died on him. Mewnthought to himself: That was the most disgusting thing someone hasnever done to me. It's so romantic; I think I can die now. Withnall the things that had happened to him in the last several hours, henwas completely clueless on what to expect in the next two days.[Chapter 12] Hi everyone! I'm sorry it took me forever to write this next chapter. Don't worry, I hope to finish this saga soon =) I would also like to thank those who kept checking if I have already updated my story And of course, big big thanks to those who left comments, you guys inspire me. Please also comment if you see any inconsistencies in the story, or errors, or what have you. I'm just my own editor, you see hehe I would be glad if you can point out anything that needs correction. Thanks again and enjoy! Chapter 12 They tasted like cherries  definitely cherries. He has not eaten any cherry in the last year, but he thought he'd recognize that taste anywhere even in Tong's mouth even if at that time, there was chewed bacon in his mouth even if he didn't know how Tong got to have that taste in his kiss. \"Oh shut up,\" Mew told himself as he rubbed his palms on his tired eyes. It's already 3 in the morning and Tong promised to pick him up at 6, so he still has a couple of hours left to sleep. Also, he was informed that he wouldn't be with the guys for just a day each, but for a week each. As usual, he felt clueless on how to react, but decided to just be himself with the guys. He remembered his promise to himself to not let anybody take away his happiness from him. He smiled at his thought: I've only been less lonely in my life a few times, and I'm going to milk this opportunity. I'm going to receive love for two whole weeks and I don't have the right to complain. Such an emo., he added. With that, he put a pillow on top of his smiling face. Then suddenly, all was black, and then was something heavy atop his arms and chest and his legs and he couldn't move. Mew went to panic mode and bolted out of his bed. When he realized that Tong was lying on his bed, he demanded: \"What are you doing here?!\" \"And good morning to you too.\" Tong smiled and placed his head on Mew's pillow. \"Well?\" \"Well, let's see\" Tong checked his wrist watch, looked at Mew, then continued, \"I was supposed to pick you up at 6, right? So I was sitting outside by 5:30. But by 7, I was already worried so I woke Ying and asked if she has a spare key, which I expected she had\" Tong stood up and loomed over Mew. Mew sensed what might happen next as suggested by Tong's predatory look, so he clasped both his hands on his mouth. Mew's heart was pounding so hard, his body was fully aware of the other boy's presence. \"What's the matter?\" Tong asked, smiling again. Since he couldn't kiss Mew, he gave him a tight hug instead. So adorable Tong thought. Tong's body pressed against Mew's. The sensation he felt was more than what he imagined. It felt like all the time that they were away from each other doesn't matter anymore. He rubbed his cheek on Mew's cheek, and he didn't care if Mew feels how hard his heart was pounding. \"When I went inside your room and saw that your pillow was covering your face I was so afraid. I know it was crazy, but I wouldn't know what to do if anything happens to you. But, of course, you were just sleeping, and you looked so peaceful, I didn't have the heart to wake you up so I laid down and hugged you like this and I want us to stay like this \" \"Pervert!\" Mew removed himself from the embrace and ran towards the door. Tong was stunned by Mew's reaction. Then his heart broke. And the pieces fell like chips of fragile glass  smashed by an unexpected soccer ball. Only one thought occurred to him: I opened my heart to Mew, I got to be called something dirty \"Don't you get all cheesy on me! I still remember last Christmas!\" Tong looked more hurt than stunned after that. \"And don't give me those puppy eyes!\" Mew walked out the door, but came back after a couple of seconds. He said calmly: \"Uhm, you can wait for me downstairs, I just need to take a bath. When Mew left, Tong was still standing quietly beside the bed. At the bathroom, Mew was berating himself. \"That was such a mature thing to do!\" he said sarcastically, \"Someone opened himself up to you, and you went acting like a brat!\" He finished his bath and he still felt ashamed of what he did. Tong was waiting in agony at the living area for about 20 minutes when Mew came down. He stood up as Mew approached and he was pleasantly surprised when Mew reached for his hand and apologized. \"I'm sorry Tong for acting like a child. I shouldn't have said that\" \"Hey, I think you're actually improving,\" Tong said with kindness. \"Huh?\" \"As a child, you mostly kept to yourself. If you felt offended or hurt, you just kept quiet and now I'm glad that you're finally fighting for yourself.\" Tong smiled. Mew wanted to cry. He felt a lump on his throat. \"And I'm so sorry if there's anything I can do to make all the bad things I've done to you go away, just tell me what to do\" \"Hey there's nothing to apologize \" Tears fell down Tong's cheeks. \"If if only we can do that again, I would have chosen you instead of myself\" Mew hugged Tong securely. I should be strong for both of us, Mew thought. \"I forgive you Tong and I hope you can also forgive yourself. I would hate to see you cry over that and I hope this would be the last time we cry over the past.\" Tong calmed down after a few minutes and the boys smiled at each other. \"Thanks, Mew,\" said Tong. \"Are you feeling better now?\" \"Much better.\" \"So can we go out now? I'm starving!\" Tong laughed, \"That would be great I have a good place in mind.\" *** The boys went to the Black Canyon Caf in Siam Square, since Tong suggested that it would be best for brunch. Tong wolfed down his Teriyaki Chicken Steak, while Mew devoured his omelet. They also both had Caff Americano afterwards. They ate in silence as both were starving from not having breakfast. Tong was the first to speak when they were already having coffee. \"I'm so full, that was delicious.\" \"Yeah, good idea that we came here,\" Mew answered. \"Uhm, so what are our plans for today?\" Mew sipped his coffee. Tong smiled and Mew's heart squeezed a bit. \"Well, I'm thinking that first, I'd make it up to you by continuing the date that never happened last year Remember the day,\" Tong paused, \"we were supposed to meet but mom talked to you?\" Mew's heart squeezed some more and only managed to nod his head; he seemed to have forgotten how to breathe. \"So, how about Marley and Me?\" \"What's that?\" \"It's a movie about a Labrador Retriever and Jennifer Aniston\" \"I dunno a Labrador Retriever and Jennifer Aniston?\" Mew however, was crying buckets of tears after watching the movie. \"I knew I shouldn't have watched that movie!\" he exclaimed as he wiped his tears. \"And the dog I think I don't want to have a dog I'm sure it'd be a headache and it wouldn't listen to me. But isn't he cute?\" Tong laughed. Mew also laughed; he was so happy. Since they saw each other last year, he has never heard Tong laugh much; he just always smile or grin. Mew looked on the ground and smiled at himself. \"Why are you smiling?\" Tong asked. \"Nothing.\" Mew was still focused on the ground. \"Come on! There should be a reason!\" Tong put his left arm over Mew's shoulders. They saw an old lady looking at them incredulously, which made them laugh some more and walked away. While they were walking, Mew asked seriously, \"Don't you get bothered by what people think about us?\" \"Hey, why don't we enjoy this week first, and then let's just talk \" \"Yeah, you're right, sorry\" Mew smiled. \"But you can make it up to me, you know.\" \"What?\" \"Did you know that I've only been to one of the Buddhist temples here in Bangkok?\" \"What?!\" \"Well, we are Catholic, in case you forgot And I've been to that temple long long time ago that I don't remember where it is anymore So I want to ask you if you can tour me around.\" \"Are you serious?\" Tong made puppy eyes, looked at Mew, and said, \"I know I'm the one who's supposed to take you out and all, but, if you don't want\" Mew laughed and pushed Tong away. \"You black mailer you!\" Tong laughed and held Mew's hand. \"Which temple are we going to visit first?\" \"Wait! I haven't agreed yet!\" Tong pulled him anyway. They finished visiting five temples by 5:30PM, because the temples are already closing. Afterwards, they went looking at store windows in Siam Square. It was almost 9PM when they decided to have dinner in one of the famous food stalls on the streets of Bangkok. \"Tong\" \"U-huh?\" \"Thanks for having me show you around. I didn't know I enjoyed being a tourist guide. Ha ha\" \"And I bet you haven't walked that much recently.\" \"I don't think I ever walked that much in my entire life!\" \"Well, that's good! Put some energy into your body!\" \"What, you think I'm weak?\" \"U-huh.\" \"I hate you!\" Mew threw a tiny piece of vegetable at Tong and both were laughing uncontrollably. Things would have been better, though, if they have not been spotted by Donut, who was sitting several tables away from them. When Donut decided to approach Tong, the boys were already gone. *** Tong entered Mew's room, drying his head with a bath towel. He just took a bath in Mew's bathroom. \"I never knew you were so sneaky,\" said Mew, who bathed before Tong. \"I didn't know you brought an overnight bag.\" \"It's an overweek bag, just so you know. I meant it when I said I'd be with you for a week. And, I left it on your table, how could you have missed?\" He ignored Tong's question. What came to his mind was Alex. Don't tell me Alex is also going to sleep here next week?! Mew asked himself. Suddenly, Tong was already sitting by his side, looking at him intently. Mew gulped. Tong was about to kiss Mew, but Mew was so confused, he decided to lie down quickly, with his back facing Tong. Mew thought that things were going too fast. Days ago, he sure wanted to be with Alex, but things got so complicated. Was he being unfair to the others? Was he being selfish? Mew closed his eyes. He said he wanted to receive love but now he's not sure if it's the right thing to do. He then felt Tong's hands on his shoulders. With his light cotton shirt, he was too conscious of Tong's rough palms, but they were oh so gentle rubbing his tired shoulders. Mew sighed. \"Lie on your belly,\" said Tong quietly and Mew obeyed. He has never had anyone rub his back before. He felt so tired, but glad that someone's finally there to be with him. Still confused if it's so bad to be loved, Mew felt hot tears flow from his eyes. Tong felt when Mew finally stopped sobbing; and he knew when Mew finally fell asleep. He stopped rubbing Mew's back. He bent and kissed Mew's we lashes and whispered, \"I'm going to love you more from now on\" Tong lied on the bed and waited for dreams of Mew to take over. The next five days were a blur of laughter, visiting Mew's favorite places, chatting with Ying, browsing in bookstores and music stores, watching movies at home, grocery shopping, and cooking their choice of food. They held hands sometimes when they were outside, but when at home, they were inseparable. Alex also never called; and the only time they saw him was on New Year's Eve when the August Band went on a gig. He politely greeted the boys after the show, and was gone. Mew was in such bliss. On their last day that week, Tong asked Mew if he'd want a Labrador Retriever as a gift, and the ecstatic Mew couldn't help but laugh and hug Tong as he said yes, yes, yes. In the morning, they planned on how to take care of the dog. Tong will buy the dog with the money he saved, and it will live in his house; and, they will share the expenses for the food and medicine. In the afternoon, they went to the pet shop where Tong saw the little pups the other day. On their way to the shop, Tong's friends saw him and called them. Tong was weary when they came near. What do they want? he asked himself. Mew on the other hand, was nervous. He has not been introduced to Tong's friends before. He felt more nervous, then sad, when Tong slightly moved his hand away from his hand. \"Hey Tong,\" said Mike. He nodded to Mew and Mew nodded back. The other guys were staring at Mew. Tong eyed them, looking bored. \"Hey, what's up?\" he asked. \"We haven't seen you in a while, that's what's up,\" Max said. \"Sorry, I've been busy.\" \"With what?\" Tong stayed silent. \"Is he the guy from St. Nicolas? The one we asked you about before?\" \"That's none of your business,\" said Tong with edge in his voice. \"Tong\" Mike held Tong's shoulder. \"We missed you, that's all. We don't care who you're with, just don't think we'd think less of you because of who you are.\" Mike smiled, as well as the other guys. Tong and Mew were speechless. One by one, Tong's friends introduced themselves to Mew and even asked him to join them in one of their drinking sessions. Mew smiled and promised to join them one of these days. When the guys left, Tong and Mew were left standing in silence. \"Sorry, I was a little bit stressed by that,\" Tong said. \"That's okay\" Mew answered, but in his heart, he could not push away the thought of Tong pulling away his hand. \"I'm glad your friends are okay with us, though\" Tong smiled, \"I'm happy too. Anyway, let's go?\" They have not even walked 20 feet when Donut appeared in front of them.[Chapter 13] Note: This is the second to the last chapter! Chapter 13 \"I should have guessed,\" Donut said. Tong had his mouth slightly open in shock. \"Donut let me explain\" he said, a few seconds after he recovered. Donut smiled, but hate and sadness haunted her eyes. She looked at the puzzled Mew and then back to Tong. The three were unaware of the rush of people coming from different sides  they were finally standing in the midst of reality check and nothing, at that moment, is more important. \"I was wondering why you suddenly stopped taking my calls why I was feeling alone even when we were together now I know. You broke up with me because you want to be with a guy!\" Donut was laughing sarcastically and some people were starting to look at them. \"Stop it, Donut,\" Tong said. \"Why? Are you so ashamed that others would hear what you really are?\" Tong was shuddering, his voice was tensed. \"I will explain it to you, but not here.\" He was afraid that Mew would walk away from him again if he knew who Donut was. Donut was about to say something when Mew stepped forward. \"I hope you don't mind me interrupting,\" Mew started coolly. Donut looked at him with cold eyes. \"Tong and I were friends when we were young,\" he continued, \"we didn't see each other again 'till last year. We developed feelings for each other, but nothing happened. I was ready to love him, but he felt having a relationship wouldn't be best for us. So, Tong didn't break up with you because of us he was faithful to you even during the times when he was confused. We maintained our friendship and love for each other, however, and those are what we have right now.\" Donut couldn't believe what she just heard. \"But but boys aren't supposed to love each other!\" Mew maintained his cool. \"Love is something that's freely given to anyone, whether the recipient is a boy or a girl. That's what Buddha teaches, and I'm sure Jesus too. If we will be judged afterwards let Them judge us, and not you. Anyway, if Tong will have a romantic relationship with someone else in the future, I don't think it should concern you anymore.\" Tears were threatening to fall down from Donut's eyes when she walked away; slowly at first, and then running \"till she went out of their sight. \"Mew\" said Tong, his heart hammering. He didn't know what to say. He touched Mew's hand, but to his surprise, Mew pulled his hands away. \"I don't think you're ready for this for us.\" Mew was so sad. Tong couldn't breathe. He felt so small; he wished he would suddenly disappear so he could avoid Mew's disappointed eyes. He couldn't say anything. He wanted to tell Mew that he really  really wants to be with him, but he's afraid he'd cry if he starts talking now. \"The question, Tong, is what you are willing to give for this relationship?\" Tong almost choked. \"You always say you love me when we're together but I'd hate it if you can't say the same when we're in front of other people. Tong was crying. \"But I love you.\" It started raining lightly. Mew smiled sadly. \"But I know that, silly.\" He held the other boy's arm. \"I never doubted. I'm just not sure if you're ready to show it wholeheartedly. I've read some books you know about love. They say it would be a waste of time if we give love that's less than the greatest love that we can offer, and I should know better.\" Mew laughed a little. \"Think about it Tong\" Mew got a black, checkered folding umbrella from his bag. He learned that it sometimes rain when you least expect it, and he wouldn't be caught dead waiting for someone to bring him an umbrella when it happens. Mew opened the umbrella and shared it with Tong. \"Come on, I'll walk you to the bus stop.\" Mew took a deep breath. He was deep into thinking. Someone tapped his shoulder. \"Huh?\" he said absentmindedly. \"I was asking you what the date is today?\" Alex said. \"Uhm I dunno, sorry\" \"Are you okay, Mew?\" Mew looked at Alex. He looks cute, he thought. But why don't I feel that special warmth towards him anymore? It has been four days since they started their week-long date. Fifth night since he saw Tong \"Huh? Sorry what's that again?\" Alex smiled and said \"Nothing\" as he waived for the waiter to bring their check. Alex was sitting on Mew's chair as he watches Mew sleep. We was thinking how he loves Mew so much, and would do everything just to make him happy. He felt sad. It was the kind of sadness that stays in the dark hole of the heart, and seeps every happy memory one ever has. It affected him so much that he couldn't even cry anymore. He took a deep breath and pondered on what to do next. Alex got the wooden Christmas toy on top of the CPU. Silly toy, he said to himself. Why do you always meddle with my love life? He put the toy back to its place and looked around the room. Posters cabinet hats grandma's picture Mew and Tong's childhood picture It has been the fourth night and nothing has changed since they saw each other for the date. From the moment that they met, he already sensed that something was wrong. Mew looked so lost; he didn't look healthy any longer. Mew wouldn't speak unless he's spoken to; he's always listless, as if he wanted to do something but couldn't; he'd always have \"uhms\" and \"sorrys\" in his sentences; the list of what's wrong can go on and on. The whole week went as if in a blur. He spent his time worrying about him, and knew that he couldn't do anything more. He sat on the bed and stroke Mew's hair. He loved the way Mew looks when he sleeps  devoid of sadness, glowing with love. He decided he'd give him everything everything \"I know what you want and your wish is my command,\" he whispered. Mew woke up to the smell of coffee and bread. He rubbed his eyes and silently looked at Alex. \"Good morning sleepyhead,\" Alex said, smiling. He was sitting on Mew's chair, holding a mug of brewed coffee. Some freshly baked bread were on the table. He looked fresh from shower, and wearing nice clothes. He gave Mew the mug. \"Drink it. Be careful though, it's hot.\" Without a word, Mew got the mug and sipped the coffee. He felt that it wasn't so hot anymore, so he decided to take gulps because his throat suddenly felt really dry. Some spilled, however, and Alex laughed. \"Hey, don't be so greedy,\" he said. Mew looked at him, puzzled. \"What's up? Are we going somewhere?\" he asked. \"Not you, just me.\" \"What do you mean?\" They were looking eye to eye. Alex sat on the bed, beside Mew's legs. \"It's time for me to leave.\" \"Why?\" Mew was feeling guilty. He was afraid he made Alex feel unwanted. \"On Christmas night, I came back because I thought someone wanted me to. I'm not sure if he saw me though, so I came back four days ago to check. But he wasn't there anymore.\" Tears were flowing from Mew's eyes. He hugged Alex tightly. Alex continued, \"He might be wondering out there, on his own, but I know he's gonna be okay. He's a strong guy, and I know he can take care of himself. But if you see him would you tell him that I love him?\" Mew made crying sounds now, still clutching the other strongly. He wanted to drown in sorrow. \"Please tell him that I'm gonna be okay. He taught me to be strong, so I'm gonna be strong for him. \"Ohhh\" Mew tried to speak. \"Shhh it's okay Mew. It's time for you to make beautiful songs again. It may be hard, but \" Mew faced Alex. \"Why don't I love you more than him?\" Mew said softly, tears still in his eyes. \"Who knows? Maybe there's a prince waiting for me.\" Alex answered smiling. \"Besides, we still have a few months 'till college, and we'll still be best friends, right?\" \"Promise.\"[Chapter 14] Chapter 14 It was Saturday, just a day after Alex and Mew said goodbye to the past. Mew was sweaty from cleaning the house. He woke up when the sun wasn't up yet, and decided to start his life anew by throwing all the baggage that he doesn't need in his life. He thought that cleaning the house would be an excellent first step. He swept and waxed the floor. He wiped the dust from the furniture, changed the curtains, and put the things that needed to be thrown away in a trash cleaning the house, he tried to think about Alex. He searched his heart on how he felt about separating with him, and found that there was only peace. Maybe, they were really not meant for each other, but he felt sure that their friendship would endure. He smiled at the thought of finally being free from carrying emotional baggage for so long. By 2PM, he finished cleaning the last room. He went downstairs to eat cupped noodles after he finally started feeling hungry. He was halfway done with his food when he heard a car park in front of his house. Since his door was always slightly open, he noticed two adults go out of the car. His heart seemed to stop beating when he noticed that they were Tong's parents. He stood and went to the door to greet them, but not really knowing what to do. The last time he saw his aunt Sunee was the time she asked him to stay away from Tong. \"Good afternoon, Mew,\" they said as they saw him approach. \"Good afternoon auntie, uncle is there anything that I can do?\" He was bracing himself for the impending doom. He didn't forget his manners, though, and invited them to come inside, but they refused. \"We won't be long, Mew,\" said Sunee, \"I just want to apologize for what I've said to you before. I now know I wasn't right.\" Mew's heart was beating hard. Did he hear her correctly? Korn spoke, \"Our son has been very responsible since last year, and we think we have you to thank for it. He has also been very lonely, and what parents would we be if we just well, you know what we're talking about! We just want to say that we trust you guys, and we want you to be happy...\" He smiled and handed Mew a piece of paper. With that, the husband and wife bade him goodbye and left. Mew couldn't understand what happened. Are they saying that it's okay if they're together? But, he thought sadly, it's Tong who couldn't handle the situation. Then he remembered the piece of paper that Korn handed him. It read: I remember the first time that I really saw you it was when you were sitting down the stairs with me and my black eyes. I thought I wanted to protect you from bad guys. I don't know why and how it lasted this long but I want you to know that I don't want it to end here. I want you to be a permanent part of my life from now on and protect you forever. If you want to be with me (I beg you), please go to the place where you found the first clue  I know that! Mew thought excitedly. But he felt conflicted. What if then he heard Ying shout from the window above him. \"Mew! What are you waiting for?\" All of Mew's emotions bundled into one joyful laugh. He shouted his thanks to Ying and ran to the bathroom. He quickly washed his hands and face, and went to his room to have a change of fresh shirt. His heart flew as he flew to Tong. His heart was filled with music that he didn't notice the heat of the afternoon sun, or the people who were looking at him, wondering happily why a crazily happy smile was pasted in his face. He decided not to go to the other clues anymore, he knew in his heart where Tong would be waiting. As he half-walk, half-run to their meeting place by the river, teenagers stopped him from time to time and gave him long-stemmed red roses, with messages of Tong's love for him, written on pieces of paper. He thought he recognized some faces and knew that they were Tong's friends. He was more surprised when some of his own friends stopped him and gave him roses and letters. He laughed as he received them, but his shyness would have eaten him alive if not for the knowledge that Tong would be waiting for him at the end of the line. From far away, he saw Tong's familiar figure, holding a ball of golden fur. He approached Tong with a bunch of flowers in his arms. He was all sweaty and grimy, but he was so happy. Things are going to be better from now on, he was sure of it. Tong was smiling the smile that lights everybody's heart. \"So, what are we going to name our little fur ball?\" He said as he gently rubbed the sleeping Golden Retriever puppy. \"How about Christmas?\" he answered, smiling. \"I like that.\" THE END There you go kids! Wow, it took us more than a year to finish this! Now I'm not sure whether I'm Team Alex or Team Tong! Hehe Before, I would have chosen Alex any moment; but after exploring Tong's feelings, I'm not so sure anymore. Well, this is the last time that I'll be updating this story (I'm so sad). I don't want to say goodbye to Mew and Alex and Tong, but things have got to have an end, and we all need to move on people! So, goodbye everyone! Thanks so much for reading and loving the story. I'm going to miss all your comments and requests =). For now, I need to focus on my artworks, which by the way, you can see at ceejbrosas [dot] blogspot [dot] com. =) Don't forget to spread the Love! TLOS forever! -Ceej ","Summary":" Hi everyone! This is my first fanfic ever. This is about the wonderful movie The Love of Siam by Ch"}]