[{"Movie":"Oz the Great and Powerful","Title":"Avalon The Great And Powerful","Author":"G.D. Moreau","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10226880","Passage":"[Chapter 1] On April 2, 2003 a baby girl was born, not an ordinary child but Glinda the good witch's daughter. The day of her birth, just minutes after it happened, Evenora spread a curse throughout the land; nobody would remember which witch was the mother. Evenora then sent the baby girl through a portal to a world without magic; earth. But as the curse spread an unforeseen consequence occurred in her plan; she to forgot who the child belonged as well, assuming it was Glinda's, but living with the fear that it was Theodora's or even her's. On the same night the king (Glinda's father) was murdered. His last gift to the kingdom was a prophecy,\"A daughter of one of the three witches, beating the name Avalon, mother forgotten by all, shall descend to the land and rid all of Oz from the wicked witch\" Evenora blamed the death of the great king on Glinda, forcing her to flee to the quadling country where people knew the truth of the kings murder. ","Summary":" On April 2, 2003 a baby girl was born, not an ordinary child but Glinda the good witch's daughter. "},{"Movie":"Oz the Great and Powerful","Title":"A moment","Author":"Nausika Universe","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12767200","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey! I just discovered this one-shot I wrote a while ago... the perspectives change throughout the story, so sorry in advance if you get a little confused :D (hope the format is alright, it's glitching a little here) Enjoy the fluff :) Oz stood in front of the door and exhaled to relax himself. His heart was pounding upon the thought of seeing his crush. No, his love. He loved her. And she loved him, didn't she? Not even sure if they were a couple, he hesitated to push down the door handle. They had only kissed once. Starting to doubt what had made him so sure to come in the first place, he sighed to himself. It was late in the evening. He - the self-proclaimed great and powerful Wizard of Oz - had just freed the emerald city from the wicked witch sisters. The people had rejoiced over the night and celebrated through the day. Pretty soon, everyone had gone back to their duties, leaving him alone in the throne room. He had thought a lot about what happened and taken a tour on his own, around the castle. It had been getting dark and so, he decided to see whether Glinda was actually staying in the Emerald City's palace, as she had promised to do until things had gotten back to normal. Glinda.. . Closing his eyes, Oz finally pushed the door handle down, entering the large room where he assumed her to stay in. He was quite sure though, otherwise he wouldn't be so nervous. Telling himself that there was nothing to be nervous about, he closed the door behind him, as silently as he had opened it, and turned to look for her. Pretty soon, his eyes had found their target, however not as he had expected. Just as Oz had opened his eyes and looked into the direction of the cupboard, Glinda, the good witch, had dropped her dress. His jaw fell and he made an unintentional gasp, feeling the blood rushing into his cheeks. Glinda turned around, returning his gaze with wide open eyes and instantly folding her arms over her chest. Although she was wearing underwear, which wasn't a rare sight to behold for the former playboy's eyes, the woman across the room made him feel almost dizzy, just from standing there. Before she could say anything, he had turned around, even though his body screamed against his actions. He could hear her breathe some words, probably still in disbelief or as a command not to look, but since he had turned already, she didn't have to speak them anymore. The sound of fabric brushing against skin after a hectic rummaging through the closet told him, she had put on new clothes. Still, he didn't dare to look over his shoulder. \"Oz.\" The witches voice rang to his ear. Slowly, he turned around. Seeing his love standing in her nightgown, a knee long white dress with see through silk sleeves and a straight cleavage, revealing her shoulders, he found himself unable to form words. He gulped as she neared him. His body automatically imitated her, stepping forward and meeting her before the bed. They stood only a short distance from each other, not half a metre. Glinda had a worried frown on her face, studying his eyes. She really was too good. Not even scolding him for walking in on her while changing, he didn't know how he deserved her. \"Is everything alright?\" Her soft voice broke the silence that had fallen over them. He blinked a few times, clearing his thoughts. Then he nodded, stuttering a short 'yes' in return. The concern on her expression didn't leave. Obviously, his answer hadn't been convincing. \"I'm fine. Everything's just fine.\" He reassured her, this time with a firm voice. When her worry turned into a questioning look, Oz opened his mouth to reply before she could put the question, but found himself out of words however. He couldn't just tell her he was just there to see her, right? Actually, he could. And he would. He had always been the flirty, straight forward type. With the Good Witch however, he felt as though his usual methods wouldn't be enough. She had to be treated differently, more special somehow. Almost wincing from her touch, Oz was once more dragged out of his thoughts by her. Glinda had taken his hand and was now guiding him over to the bed. He gulped. His quickening heartbeat slowed down after a few moments however, when she sat down on the side of the large bed, letting him take a seat next to her. They passed a minute in silence, which seemed to be forever. \"I just...\" the pseudo wizard started, feeling as if he had the responsibility to give an explanation for his visit. \"I wanted to check if everything was okay... with.. you know...\" he mumbled when the words didn't want to come. He could feel her watch him from the side and didn't dare to look back at her. \"With?\" Glinda insisted on receiving an answer. She didn't sound concerned anymore, more curious. He told himself that he had just imagined the playful and almost mocking tone in her voice, inhaled and muttered the rest of his sentence. 'With... you.' He ended, tapping his fingers on his thigh as a replacement action. Feeling her hand squeeze his, which she had been holding the whole time through, he turned his head. Her big, hazel eyes surveyed his own, sending a shiver down his spine. If she were to come any closer, he knew he would not be able to control himself. A smile spread across her face as she leaned closer, not looking away from his eyes. Oz could feel his hands beginning to sweat and fiddled with his toes inside his shoes. 'So...' her serene voice lulled his senses. 'Is everything alright with me then?' She asked, playfully and almost seductively raising a brow. Wondering when and how they had changed character, Oz stared down at Glinda, hearing the blood pump loudly in his ears. He wouldn't be backing down that easily. Knowing, she would most likely never get her answer at all, he gave into his feelings and let them take over his actions. With his hands on either of her cheeks, Oz leaned towards Glinda, kissing her. She gave a small moan of surprise, which he silenced with his lips on hers. The good witch's eyelids fluttered close, leaning in and kissing him back. Placing both hands on his chest, she leaned even further, sighing as he passionately deepened their kiss by sucking on her lower lip. One of Oz' hands was moving to the back of her head, while the other one trailed down her side until it rested on her lower back. When he slowly leaned closer, pushing her down onto her back on the bed, Glinda firmly grabbed his shirt. Letting her hands wander behind his neck, the good witch unpurposely gave a soft moan. She could feel his body turn, completely covering hers from above, while his knee held him up, which he had placed between her legs. The other was beside her, while his hand on her back traveled downwards, almost making her gasp against his lips. He chuckled, breaking their kiss for a moment. She was lightly trembling under his touch, unsure of what to do, what to allow and what to forbid. Her cheeks were glowing and she could feel her heart beating against her rib cage, she was almost certain he could hear it. Glinda opened her eyes and frowned when she felt Oz remove his hands from the embrace and retreat from their position. She blinked in confusion and sat up, collecting her legs onto the bed next to her. He had turned around, going back to sitting on the side of the bed and staring ahead towards the door. Even though she felt somewhat relieved, Glinda couldn't help but feel sorry for the Wizard. He stood up, nodding to himself as if he had been having an inward argument with himself and walked towards the door. Was he trying to protect her? From him? Just before he reached the handle, Oz heard the witches hand patting on the bed. Resisting to turn for a second, he urged himself to leave, knowing she was clearly not ready to go as far as he would. It wasn't his intention, but being so close to her drove him crazy and made his body decide on its own. He was glad to have caught himself, having felt her shiver and uncertainty, but found himself being unable to resist her once again. Turning on the heel, Oz saw that Glinda had moved further on the bed, laying on her side, propping herself up with one elbow, while the other hand patted the bed as an invitation. How could she find the courage to ask him to come back, after having such intense doubts just a moment ago? Admiring her bravery and her looks, Oz walked back to the bed. He sat down, giving her a questioning look, whether she was truly okay with it, but she only gave an encouraging smile. He laid down beside her. Glinda turned to her other side, grabbing her wand from her nightstand and flicking it, making the lights turn off. When turning back around, the good witch put her arms around the wizards neck and snuggled against him, nuzzling her face in the crook of his neck. Surprised, Oz didn't notice he was holding his breath for a few heartbeats. He then smiled to himself, sighed as he relaxed and turned on his side to face her. Putting his arms around his love, they both fell asleep together, safe and sound, knowing the other one was near. ","Summary":" Hey! I just discovered this one-shot I wrote a while ago... the perspectives change throughout the "},{"Movie":"Oz the Great and Powerful","Title":"Bedtime Story","Author":"jyvonne13","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11671880","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I wrote a story a few months ago called \"Annie In OZ.\" It took place after Oz The Great And Powerful and it explored what would happen if Annie had somehow ended up in OZ and found out what happened to Oscar with his new life and how she would feel about his newfound relationship with Glinda as well as Oscars feelings towards Annie now that he had been with Glinda and resettled in OZ for several months. That story left me thinking about the connection this would have to Dorothy since Annie is Dorothy's mother. Surely Annie would have told Dorothy something about OZ before. Annie would be trying to push OZ out of her mind as she was never able to go back and never able to be wih Oscar and she had to live her life with John Gale in Kansas so she wouldn't have explicitly stated to Dorothy that she had been there and the connection that she really had to OZ. But out how does Dorothy find out about OZ, how could she have forgotten after all of these years, and will she remember? This is is a really short story, it wasn't meant to be long at all, just a follow up to \"Annie In OZ.\" However, in the future I, thinking about following up this story with a story about Dorothy returning to OZ (after all in L. Frank Baum's book series, Dorothy went to OZ several times). enjoy this short little story and be sure to rleave a review and let me know if you would like to read a follow up to this story. Bedtime Story Annie Gale carried her 3 year old daughter Dorothy to bed one night. The little girl was so beautiful with Annie's blue eyes and her husband John's red hair. She loved her with all her heart. \"Can you tell me a bedtime story?\" Dorothy asked as Annie tucked her into bed. \"What kind of story would you like to hear?\" Annie asked as she ran her fingers through Dorothy's soft hair. \"Magic,\" Dorothy replied excitedly. \"And wizards and castles.\" Annie smiled. She knew the perfect story to tell her daughter. \"Well, I know a story that you'll love to hear about all of those things.\" She sat down on the side of Dorothy's bed. \"It's a story about OZ.\" \"What's OZ?\" Dorothy said excitedly. \"It's a magical world and a wizard rules over it all,\" Annie said wistfully. It had been 3 years since Annie had been to OZ. It still seemed like a dream. And even he seemed like a dream. OZ wasn't just a story. It was as real as anything else. And so was the wizard. She had known Oscar Diggs for years, and to this day she still loved him. She thought about him every day, about their time together, the love they shared, that fateful day where he was swept off to an unknown land. A world that she wouldn't find out about until months later when she herself ended up there only to find out he was in love with another woman. Yes she had blown her chances to marry him, a decision that she often regretted to this day. \"What happens?\" Dorothy said eagerly. \"The land of OZ is a magical place with castles and strange creatures. But the people of OZ were afraid because an evil witch had taken over. Only a wizard could come in and save them. Well here in Kansas lived. A man named Oz. He was a magician in a carnival. He was a wonderful man, smart, kind, a little reckless, but one of the most incredible people anyone could ever meet. One day, he got on a parachute after a show but the parachute was taken away by a tornado.\" \"Oh no!\" Dorothy said. \"But Oz was okay. The tornado landed in a mysterious world that he had never seen before. It was a world apart from ours. He soon learned that he was in the land of OZ and there was a prophecy saying that he must save the people from the evil witches. But Oz had no magical powers. He didn't think he was the kind of wizard that the people needed. But he soon saw how much money he would get if he saved the people and became king and decided to do it. \"Not all of the witches in OZ were bad. He soon met the good witch, Glinda. She was trying to do what she could to save theropod of OZ but she couldn't do it alone. She needed the wizard to help her. She knew he had no real magical powers, but she helped him see that there was a way that he could help people. \"Oz and Glinda teamed up with many ordinary people in OZ to defeat the witches. Oz was a smart and cunning man and he was able to create lots of inventions to defeat the evil witches and make them think he had magical powers. That's when they kidnapped Glinda and threatened to destroy him.\" \"Did he defeat them?\" Dorothy asked feeling full of suspense. \"Yes he did. He scared them away and rescued Glinda. He banished the witches to the outskirts of OZ, never to return. After that, all of the people in OZ were forever grateful to him. They made him their king and believed he was a real wizard after all. From that day on, Oz lived in a huge castle in the Emerald City with all the riches he could desire. But he didn't need the money. He was no longer greedy or deceiving. He had done what he never thought he could do and had earned the respect of millions of people. He was a changed man and what was most important to him from that day forward was helping people. And that's what he did for the rest of his days in OZ.\" \"Did he and Glinda get married?\" Dorothy asked. Annie got choked up for a moment. When she had gone to OZ 3 years ago, he and Glinda weren't married. However, the love he had for her was clearly so strong. Just from looking at the two of them together she could see that Oscar loved Glinda with all his heart and soul, more than he had ever loved Annie. The moment she saw that she knew she would never stand a chance with him. There was no doubt in her mind that the two of them were married by now. \"Yes...yes they did get married,\" Annie said sadly. \"And...they lived happily ever after.\" Dorothy started to yawn. \"Did you enjoy the story?\" Annie asked as she laid her down. Dorothy nodded. \"I wanna go to OZ,\" she said sleepily. Annie smiled. \"You can go to OZ in your dreams my darling.\" She kissed her forehead. \"Good night Dorothy.\" She turned the lights off and left the room. All of that had been so long ago now that all of it seemed like a dream. She had to keep reminding herself that it really happened and all of it did exist. The only thing she had left to remember it by was an old photo of Oz from before he'd been swept away by the tornado that she kept in her dresser drawer. No one else knew about any of this, not even John. She always knew she would never forget Oscar, and deep down inside she still loved him. *WW* 12 years later Dorothy was lying in her bed with a cold compress on her forehead. Her room was a mess and the window was broken. She was surrounded by her Aunt Em and Uncle Henry and friends. \"Wh-what happened?\" She asked disoriented. \"You hit your head during the tornado,\" Uncle Henry said gently. \"I...I was in OZ!\" She exclaimed. \"All of you were there! It was so amazing...!\" \"It was all a dream Dorothy,\" Aunt Em said concerned. She hadn't heard anyone talk this crazy since her sister Annie, years ago. \"No, really, it wasn't...!\" \"Just relax and get some rest dear,\" Em said kissing her forehead. She figured some sleep was all she needed. The only person who had ever mentioned OZ was Annie. She wondered how Dorothy could possibly know about it. Everyone left except her dog Toto. Dorothy held the dog close to her as she tried to comprehend what just happened. \"It couldn't have all been a dream, it just couldn't have...right?\" Was OZ really a dream? It had seemed so real! The beauty of it, the Emerald City, the wicked witch, Glinda, the wizard... That's when she remembered something vaguely in the back of her mind that had been tucked away for so long. It had been such a long time ago but she remembered it so clearly now. How could she have forgotten? She remembered the bedtime story her mom had told her years ago about the land of OZ. There was a wizard who wasn't really a wizard, the good witch Glinda, the wicked witches. It was all becoming clear to her that this OZ was the same as the story that her mom had told her. But she didn't understand, if it was a dream how did her mom know about it? How could her mom have told her the story so clearly and detailed if OZ wasn't real... Unless it wasn't a dream. She wasn't crazy. It was real. And her mom had known about it. Maybe even been there. She clutched Toto tighter as she was bursting with questions. Was this place OZ truly real? Had her mother been there? Did she know the wizard? Her mom died when she was 5, could the wizard tell her more about her? Was there a way to get back? She looked Toto in the eyes. \"Toto, I have to go back.\" ","Summary":" I wrote a story a few months ago called \"Annie In OZ.\" It took place after Oz The Great And Power"},{"Movie":"Oz the Great and Powerful","Title":"Into The West","Author":"cerealkiller78","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10647505","Passage":"[Chapter 1] So, this pretty much takes place right after Dorothy melts the wicked witch. It's kind of like an alternate ending after watching Oz the great and powerful. It's not much, and not great, but Nyahh xD I felt like doing it anyway. Leave reviews and make sure to check out my other stories if you're new to my channel and you like batman! \"Who would have thought that a good little girl like you could destroy my beautiful wickedness? AHHHH!\" The wicked witch was slowly silenced as she melted away until nothing was left of her. \"She's dead, you- you killed her.\" A winkie guard said as he scraped at the ground where her clothing remains were. \"I didn't mean to, honest I didn't! It's just that he was on fire and-\" Dorothy was suddenly cut off by a burst of blinding light and a bang that came from the remains of the wicked witch. Everyone gasped and covered their eyes. Lion just about jumped out of his skin. \"What's going on? What's going on?! Ahaaaaaa, I want to go home!\" Dorothy squinted through, trying to see what was going on. Slowly the light died down, and in the place of where the wicked witch's remains once were, now stood a beautiful young woman with long dark hair, and was dressed in red. Everyone stared at her. It was Dorothy who at last spoke up. \"Who…Who are you?...\" The woman looked at her and smiled. \"Hello Dorothy, I am Theodora, the good witch of the west.\" The woman explained. \"I…I wasn't aware that there was a good witch of the west.\" Theodora smiled. \"There has not been for quite some time. I lost my way.\" Dorothy looked confused by this. \" I was deceived by my sister and lost myself.\" She began to explain. \"I was banished from the emerald city along with my sister. But a great and powerful man once told me that if I were to find the goodness in myself again, I would be welcome to return… But I could not. There was no way to undo what my sister caused me.\" She looked down. \"I was so far gone. The wickedness was so great that the only way to get rid of it was to destroy it. A task that neither Oscar nor Glenda would have gone through with, and they were the only ones powerful enough to do so. \"Oscar? Dorothy interrupted. Theodora looked back up and smiled. \"Also known as the Wizard of Oz.\" \"Or so I at least thought they were the only ones.\" Theodora continued. \"until you came along.\" \"I- I'm sorry, I didn't mean to kill you. Honestly I didn't!\" \"Don't be sorry. You did nothing wrong. By killing me, you broke her curse. Not only did you save the land of Oz from the wickedness of my sister…but you saved me as well. Thank you.\" Upon ending her sentence, she slowly began to fade away. \"Ohhh, Don't leave!\" Dorothy cried. \"You've just arrived, can't you stay?\" Theodora smiled. \"I must go now. But I will be around.\" And with that, she was gone. OzOzOzOzOzOzOzOzOzOzOzOzOzOzOzOzOzOzOzOzOzOzOzOzOzOzOzOzOzOzOz Back in the emerald city, word had gotten out that the wicked witch of the west was dead at last. Everyone was celebrating. All except one. Oscar had retired to his room upon hearing the sounds of the partying. For him, there was nothing to celebrate. He layed down to sleep, but found it to be a fitful one. Thoughts plagued his mind. He found himself thinking back on old times. Times that he and Theodora had shared before she turned wicked. Times that were lost, and would never be reshared. Times that were gone, never to return. Regrets of who he was back then consumed him. Theodora was never wicked of her own self. If anything, he was the wicked one. The only mistake Theodora had ever made was trusting him. Could it be, that if he had never arrived in Oz in the first place, that none of this would have happened? Would Theodora still be her innocent, naïve, trusting anything, old self? A small part of him wanted to return to Kansas. He thought back to his last magic show there, and the woman he had as an assistant that day. She was so naïve, but she was also so much like Theodora. He couldn't explain it, but that girl, and Theodora had so many similarities. Maybe if he could find her again and be with her, then he wouldn't feel so guilty about what happened to Theodora. But even as he was thinking these thoughts in his sleep, a voice, an, oh so familiar voice, bid him awake. \"wake up, wake up, wake up.\" He heard in his sleep, then he woke up suddenly. As he looked across the bed, he was shocked to see someone looking at him that he hadn't seen in a long time, yet was very familiar. He sat up. \"Bad dream?\" She asked. \"Ya….\" He looked at her. The woman took his hand in her own. \"You're here…\" He marveled in a quiet voice. She looked the exact same as she had long ago. \"Of course…\" She replied. \"Can you stay?\" He almost begged. She paused. \"You know I can't.\" He took her face in his hands gently. \"Oh, Theodora…I'm so sorry.\" \"I know.\" She responded immediately. \" I'll never hurt you, or anyone ever again.\" \"Don't make promises you can't keep Oscar.\" \"That's an oath.\" She looked down and smiled. \"You've changed.\" Oscar lifted her face back up to meet his. \"Where have you been all this time Theodora?\" He asked. His eyes sparkling with tears. \"I never left. I was always right where you believed me to be… deep down.\" As she said this, she began to slowly fade away. \"No, no, no!\" Oscar grabbed her arm. \"Stay….Never leave again…\" He insisted. \"You know I cannot do that Oscar. Don't make this any harder than it has to be…\" Oscar blinked away tears from his eyes. Theodora took his hand in her own. \"Sleep now, and dream of the ones who came before. They are calling from across a distant shore. I have come to my journey's end now. I must pass into the west.\" Oscar couldn't hold it back any longer and tears began to roll down his face freely. \"Why do you weep? What are these tears upon your face?\" Theodora held him close now. \"You are safe in my arms…You're only sleeping.\" As she finished saying this, she began to fade away again. Oscar looked at her as if begging her to stay. As if in response to his thoughts, she answered. \"Don't say we have come now to the end. All will turn to silver glass. But you and I will meet again, and you'll be here in my arms. Just sleeping.\" She gave one last smile before adding, \"Believe, and you will find your way.\" And with that, she was gone. Oz just stared at the place where Theodora once was for a while after she was gone. He couldn't believe it. He couldn't accept that she was gone again, this time for good. After a while, he got out of the bed, and sat down at a desk. A short while later, Glenda entered the room. She approached Oz, surprised by the griefed expression on his face. \"Oscar?\" She questioned with a confused look. \"Is everything alright?\" He didn't answer for a moment. \"She was here…\" He finally said quietly. \"Who?...\" \"Theodora…\" Glenda looked worried for a moment, Oz saw this. \"No, no, not like that…\" He corrected her thoughts. \"I don't understand Oscar.\" \"I mean…She looked the way she did…before.\" \"I think…I think when she was melted by Dorothy, Evanora's spell was broken off of her.\" He explained. Glenda's eyes held hope in them. \"Where is she now?\" She asked, a touch of eagerness in her voice. Oz looked down. \"She's gone…\" \"Gone…Where?...\" Glenda pressed on, beginning to fear the answer. \"Just…gone…She came to say goodbye.\" Glinda was saddened by this answer, but she was more saddened by the fact that Theodora hadn't said goodbye to her. \"Do you…\" Oscar started. \"Do you think she'll ever be back?\" There was a pause. \"I believe she will.\" Glenda started. \"But only time will tell when that will be.\" More noise came from outside where everyone was celebrating. \"We should go out there.\" Glenda said. \"Why?\" Came Oz's immediate reply. \"What is there to celebrate?\" \"What is there to celebrate?\" Glenda repeated. That a new day has dawned upon us. A day of freedom from Evanora's wickedness. A freedom that extends to all…including Theodora.\" Oz looked down sadly. \"If nothing else, then celebrate this. She is free at last.\" Glenda ended. Oz pondered this, before turning slowly to Glenda. \"That is a good reason.\" He smiled and went to her. They made their way outside where the celebration continued. Though Oz didn't want to accept that Theodora was gone, he knew that if he truly loved her, he had to let her go, and be happy that she had finally found peace. So he joined in the celebration. Everyone was so caught up in it all, that nobody seemed to notice the young woman dressed in red, looking down upon the city from the gold lion's head, that towered over the city's entrance. She was smiling, taking it all in, when suddenly, a man appeared beside her looking over the city as well. \"Hard to believe all that has gone on in this great city since my time.\" He started. Theodora looked at him, and he looked back at her. \"You and Glenda couldn't have turned out any better.\" He said \"Well, Glenda at least…\" Theodora started. \"I was just the naïve little sister of Evanora who got tricked and made everything worse…\" Theodora looked out over the city again. \"This city would have been better off without me…If it weren't for me, Evanora's evil would have been ended the moment she was crushed by that house.\" The man turned her face back gently to look at him. \"Theodora, you did more for this city than you will ever know. Don't let anyone convince you otherwise.\" His eyes held such gentleness and sincerity, that Theodora didn't feel the need to question any further. She just gave a slight nod. The man smiled, and gestured to the sky. \"It is time.\" Theodora strained her eyes to the sky, following his gaze. Suddenly, a large grand ship came into view from the sky, appearing to float on nothing but the clouds themselves. It neared the entrance of the city, invisible to all except those who were to travel on it. It came to rest, as a door opened. \"This is your ride.\" The man said. Theodora nodded and approached the entrance, before she paused to look back towards the city one last time. \"I'm going to miss this place. It is truly a great city.\" She said. \"A great city, with a great people.\" He added. \"And a great king.\" She finished. He smiled. \"The wizard?\" She smiled back. \"Him too. But you made him king in the first place. He is the great and powerful wizard of Oz. But you are the wise and mighty King of it. You always were, always are, and always will be.\" She bowed. \"long live the king.\" And with that, she disappeared into the ship, as its opening closed, and it was on its way again as it ascended into the sky, and into the west. Ok, I know the scene with Oz and Theodora is pretty much taken from….a certain movie…I'm not gonna ruin anything for those that haven't seen this certain movie…But just know that a lot of the dialogue from that scene is not mine. Does anyone notice that I just combined 3 movies in this scene? xD And a lot of theodora's lines are from the song Into The West from LOTR. Ha, get it? Into the west? Cause she's the witch of the west…anyone? No?...just gonna leave me hangin here?...ok. Leave reviews please! I know it's not the best, and if anyone has any suggestions to make this better, I would gladly try to incorporate ideas into this story, or expand it. But I need suggestions, so ya…review! And ya, I know its \"Glinda\" not \"Glenda\", but this was written quite some time ago, and I was too lazy to fix it all. xD ","Summary":" So, this pretty much takes place right after Dorothy melts the wicked witch. It's kind of like an a"},{"Movie":"Oz the Great and Powerful","Title":"North's Tale","Author":"Artemis Crossbow","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10072561","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Warrior of Oz - Full Summary I usually don't like putting full summaries but this one is a bit too complex to just compress in less than 100 sentences. I had this in mind for a while now, and hopefully with the summary fully explained, Snow won't be seen as your typical Mary-Sue. Thank You and please review ;) Despite the fact she may be born with lips red as blood, hair black as night and skin white as snow, Snow isn't anything like the girl in the stories her late father had always told her and her sisters about. She has always been born a little bit different from her three other sisters. She likes her hair to run wild and free with the wind as she rode on horses and practice shooting her bows. But unlike her two sisters Theodora and Evanora who were so jealous of they're perfect sister Glinda, she wasn't. Growing up, Evanora was the bully, and Theodora her doting sidekick. Glinda was her maternal figure and best friend. Then things change when her father is one day dead, and Glinda is gone, she is forced to stay behind and join forces with the two of them, and betray and hurt Glinda in the process. And she's only doing this because Evanora somehow knows the truth, about that night when her father died, and what was the cause of her father's death. One day, news of a man named \"Oz\" comes along, and though she isn't fooled by his pleasant charms, believes that he may be her ticket out of the emerald fortress that serves as her prison and be united with Glinda again. But Snow realizes that there is a greater threat that is penetrating through Oz that threatens the people's peace. In the process, of her perilous journey with Oscar, Snow battle her fears, fight flying monkeys, make new and unlikely friends and yes, be eventually reunited with Glinda. But will she and the rest of the team be able to save Oz before it's too late? ","Summary":" Warrior of Oz - Full Summary I usually don't like putting full summaries but this one is a bit too "},{"Movie":"Oz the Great and Powerful","Title":"Tease","Author":"jyvonne13","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10188282","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hi. So i haven't been in fanfiction in a long time. I'm sorry i've neglected this account so much for anyone who follows my stories. It's been about a year since I first saw Oz the Great and Powerful. And a year later i am still deeply in love and obsessed with the movie. I have a ton of unfinished Oz the Great and Powerful stories that i would like to get finished and put up very soon. I'm not sure how soon that'll happen though. As i was reading through the unfinished stories, i found this one. And since it's almost 2:00 in the morning, i didn't want to start working on a long one so i thought this one would be a good one to start with. Especially since it features my OTP Oz and Glinda (seriously, they are just too cute!). So anyway, enjoy Glinda's sweetness and Oscar's screw-up's. Those are the things that keep their relationship interesting after all. Oscar is the Wizard of OZ, but let's all be honest here. Glinda is really the true brains of the two, as we saw in my last story \"The Wizard of OZ (Behind the Scenes)\" and is usually the one to clean up Oscar's messes. But it makes them adorable all the same. I DO NOT OWN OZ THE GREAT AND POWERFUL (but if i did, i would probably make it into a TV show because it's just that freaking awesome). Tease Oscar was in the throne room of the emerald City. He'd just finished talking to a citizen of OZ who came to ask for his advice. That was his job on most days. Talking to the people who came in to see him and either giving him advice or predictions or a wish if it was possible for him. The person had just left and he settled himself with fiddling with the weapon he'd made for his wrist a few weeks ago. It was a smaller version of one he'd made last year. He pressed a button and accidentally aimed at a vase and it broke. Then there was a knock on the door. \"Come in,\" he said going back behind the curtain. \"Oz?\" His heart melted when he heard Glinda's voice. He came from behind the curtain and went over to her. \"Hey Glinda.\" He wrapped his arms around her and kissed her deeply. \"I heard something break in here,\" she said looking towards the shattered vase. \"That was nothing. I was just having a little bit of fun.\" She giggled a bit. \"Too much fun.\" \"Nothing wrong with that.\" He picked her up and twirled her around a few times and she laughed happily. Then he sat down on the throne with her on his lap and his arms around her waist. \"Now Glinda, what can the Wizard of OZ do for you today?\" he said treating her like some of the people who came in here. \"Well Mr. Wizard,\" she said playing along with him. \"You can start by not leaving your dirty socks all over our bedroom floor. Just because you're the wizard doesn't mean I'm going to pick up after you.\" \"Damn, so you did notice that?\" She laughed. \"How could you expect me not to notice?\" \"I was hoping you wouldn't.\" He kissed her lips and ran his hand up her leg trailing under her skirt. \"Anything else you want Glinda?\" He had a few suggestive things in mind that she could ask for. She knew what he had in mind. But she wouldn't give it to him so easily. She pretended to think. \"Hmm…not really.\" She tried to stand up but he pulled her back down. \"Are you sure?\" he said hoping that she'd change her mind. She nodded. \"Yes.\" She stood up and went to the stairs. The secretary spoke to Oz on the speaker. \"Oscar, someone is here to see you.\" Oscar glanced at Glinda halfway up the stairs. He didn't want her to leave. \"Tell them…\" he said about to tell the person downstairs to come back later. Glinda wasn't about to let him do that though. \"You're the wizard. Do your job.\" Then she went all the way upstairs leaving Oscar to tell the person waiting downstairs to come up but looking after her craving the warmth of his beautiful woman next to him. Oscar was very confused the next day as he strolled down the sidewalk in the Emerald City. Glinda seemed to be avoiding him. She wouldn't stay in the throne room with him yesterday. He could have sworn that she would make love to him last night but she didn't. The two of them always made love. There was a rare night where they fell asleep or they were in different cities, but for the most part their room at night was filled with sweet passion and moans. By that afternoon, Oscar was starting to get a little worried. What if Glinda didn't love him as much anymore? It pained him to think that Glinda was drifting away from him and didn't want to make love to him anymore. She was his whole world. If he lost her, he didn't know what he would do. He tried to think if he had done something to make her mad at him. He had said she was annoying yesterday. He had meant it as a joke but what if she was really mad at him for it? He passed the library and saw her coming down the stone steps with a book in her hands. With the hundreds of books in the castles library he couldn't imagine what she could possibly have gotten at the public library that they didn't already have at home. She noticed him watching her and smiled, then came down the stone steps a little faster to get to him. \"Hi honey.\" \"I'm sorry I called you annoying yesterday. And I'm sorry if I hurt your feelings.\" She searched her mind trying to remember what he was talking about and then remembered that playful banter yesterday morning. \"It's okay honey,\" she said running her fingers across his cheek. \"I know you were just joking.\" Then she continued on down the sidewalk. He watched her for a moment. No kiss? No \"I love you\"? Did she really hate him that much? Before he could catch up with her a group of kids surrounded her and took her with them leaving Oz watching after them wondering what he could have possibly done to lose Glinda's affection. Oscar had decided he needed to come up with some stronger tactics to win back his girlfriend. He didn't know what he had done to lose Glinda's love, but he wouldn't let her slip away from him completely without a fight. He wouldn't let her believe again that he didn't love her. He was out in the city again that evening. He was on Main Street sitting outside of a café. The people of the Emerald City were busy with their usual daily activities like shopping in the square or getting off from work or getting something to eat. A girl walked past him. She was petite and very beautiful with long brown hair that cascaded in waved down her back, strong facial features, green eyes, and she wore a flowing knee length skirt and a frilly top. He decided that she was pretty enough to make Glinda jealous. He stood up and went over to her. \"Hey beautiful.\" She looked at him with wide mesmerizing eyes for a moment. She was talking to the Wizard of OZ! And he had called her beautiful! \"H-Hello your highness.\" \"What's your name?\" \"Marcelina,\" she replied. He held out his hand to her. \"Can I buy you a drink?\" he said gesturing to the café. It had been a long time since he'd flirted with anyone but Glinda. He used to be such a womanizer but after a year and a half of dating her, that part of him had calmed down and was locked away in the back of his mind and was supposed to remain in his past. He used to enjoy it. But this time, no matter how gorgeous Marcelina was, it felt weird to be offering anyone but Glinda a drink. \"Sure, thank you,\" she said. He took her inside and ordered them both latte's then they sat outside at a table across from each other. He flirted with her the way he used to flirt with girls. He called her beautiful and gorgeous and a whole lot of other names and joked with her. He held her hands across the table and looked into her eyes. Down the street he saw Glinda approaching with a small group of people talking and laughing with her. This was the perfect opportunity to make her jealous. Then she'd realize how much she loved him and she'd just have to take him back. He waited until he knew she was watching. She saw him and smiled but when she saw him holding Marcelina's hands and leaning close to her that smile vanished. All of a sudden he kissed her and her heart crumbled into a billion pieces. Tears streamed down her face as she watched her lover, the man she called her soul mate, kiss another woman. She wanted to run over and smack him but she just couldn't move. Oz broke the kiss with Marcelina and looked back at Glinda. What he saw was not the reaction he wanted. Tears rolled down her face and she looked absolutely heartbroken. It pained him to see his beautiful Glinda like that. He hadn't been trying to break her heart. He only wanted her to take him back and love him again like she used to. Before he could do anything else she rose into the air and flew over them as the sobs ripped through her. He watched her and saw that she was going towards their castle. \"Gosh you're an amazing kisser,\" Marcelina said. \"Huh?\" Oz said distracted by his Glinda. \"Oh, yeah, whatever.\" He stood up. \"Look, I've got to Mary,\" he said as he left the café. \"It's Marcelina!\" she called after him. \"Yeah, um, right, bye!\" He went to the castle as fast as he could. He had to talk to Glinda and apologize to her. On the way there, down the street from the café he passed a jewelry store. This one was new. It must have just opened. He'd never been there before. He went inside and looked around. Maybe if he bought Glinda some pretty jewelry she wouldn't be as mad at him and she'd see that she was his only woman. He found a silver necklace with little pink roses on it. He took it to the counter and paid for it. Then he left the store and made his way back home to find Glinda. Once he got to the castle Finley flew over to him. \"Hey Oz. Why do you look so upset?\" \"I've done a terrible thing Finley,\" Oz said. \"Is Glinda here?\" \"Yeah, I heard her crying.\" Finley crossed his arms. \"What did you do to her this time?\" They wandered into the living room and sat on the couch. \"Do you think she'll like it?\" Oscar said holding up a necklace with pink flowers on it. \"It's really pretty. Where did you get it?\" Finley asked. \"Some munchkin was selling them a few miles away this evening.\" He looked at the necklace in his hand. \"I really hope she likes it.\" \"Why do you sound so depressed? And what did you do to Glinda?\" \"Nothing…\" Finley was not convinced. \"Come on Oz, I know you well by now. Something's bothering you. What's up?\" \"I just…\" Oz wasn't one to easily express his pain and sorrows. He tried to think of a way to word his feelings. \"I feel like Glinda doesn't love me as much anymore.\" Finley was shocked to hear him say that. \"That's not true. Glinda is crazy about you.\" \"But she wouldn't make love to me last night.\" \"Maybe she was tired?\" Finley said logically. \"And I thought she was mad at me because I said she was annoying yesterday so I apologized and she just blew it off.\" \"I think you're blowing this way out of proportion,\" Finley said starting to think Oscar was a little insane. \"And why was she crying?\" \"Because…because I tried to win her back by making her jealous. I bought some random chick a latte and kiss her right in front of Glinda…\" Now that he was telling Finley, he felt ashamed of himself. Finley was shaking his head. \"I don't blame her for leaving you.\" Oscar narrowed his eyes at him. \"Look Oz, you're making this into more than it really is. Glinda loves you a lot. You've probably just got another one of your crazy ideas and now it's clouding your mind and making you believe that Glinda doesn't love you anymore.\" \"Finley I'm not crazy…!\" Oscar exclaimed. He was cut off when they heard Glinda's heels coming down the hallway and she came into the doorway of the room. She stopped when she saw Oz. \"Hi Finley…hi Oz…\" she said sounding very sad. She was about to turn and leave probably to go back upstairs and cry. \"Come here beautiful,\" Oz said motioning her over. Reluctantly she came over and sat on the loveseat next to Oz. \"I got you a present,\" Oscar said gently. \"Really?\" she said letting a small smile creep onto her face. \"Oscar you didn't have to.\" Did she not even want his gifts anymore? It was a good thing he'd gotten her this necklace. Better now than later. He was starting to lose her affection completely. \"I wanted to get it for you.\" \"What is it?\" she said getting very curious. She knew it was probably one of Oscar's apology gifts, but it excited her either way. \"Close your eyes.\" She did what he said and he put the necklace around her neck. \"Open them.\" She opened her eyes and looked down to see the beautiful necklace with the soft pink flowers around it. A big smile spread across her face. \"Oscar it's so beautiful!\" she said happily. She wrapped her arms around him and kissed him over and over again. He was overjoyed that she was so happy. Maybe now he'd start to win her back. \"You really like it baby?\" \"I love it Oscar. Thank you so much.\" He held her hands. \"Listen, babe, I'm really sorry about earlier.\" She tone lowered as she remembered what she had seen. \"Why were you with her?\" She hesitated for a moment. \"Are you…are you cheating on me?\" Her voice caught in her throat and fresh tears sprung in her eyes at the thought of Oscar seeing that girl behind her back. He shook his head quickly. \"No! Of course not baby. I would never ever cheat on you Glinda. I promise. I know I said I'd never flirt with another woman if you stayed with me, and I'm so, so sorry Glinda.\" She tilted her head to the side still comfused. \"Then why did you kiss her?\" \"Because I…I was worried that you were drifting away from me,\" he confessed. She was surprised to hear him say that. She tried to think of if she had done anything to make him feel like she was losing her love for him but couldn't think of anything. \"Why would you think that Oscar?\" \"Well, you wouldn't make love to me last night…and you just walked away when I saw you at the library today…\" Saying it out loud, even to him it didn't make any sense. He felt like even more of an idiot when he saw her raise her eyebrows. \"You thought I don't love you because I feel asleep before we could have sex last night?\" \"Well…look it made a lot more sense in my head okay?!\" There probably wasn't a better way to explain himself. Instead of being upset with him like he thought she would, she just laughed. \"Oscar, of all the most ridiculous things you've ever come up with!\" She looked into his eyes and squeezed his hands that were still holding hers. \"I love you baby. Nothing will ever change how I feel about you. It's so sweet that you care about me so much and you don't want to love me.\" He rested his forehead on hers. \"Of course not Glinda. You means everything in the world to me.\" \"And you mean everything in the world to me Oz.\" He nearly exploded with happiness. So Glinda really did still love him. And she still wanted to make love to him. He wasn't losing her after all! He took her face in his hands and kissed her deeply. \"I love you so much.\" \"I love you too. Don't get such ridiculous thoughts in your head. I'm not leaving you. You can't get rid of me that easily,\" she said with a smirk. \"Good, because I don't want to get rid of you.\" She kissed him again. \"I'm going to go write to Grace.\" She held his hand before she stood up to leave. \"I really appreciate the gift Oscar.\" She kissed him once again then went off to write to her best friend. \"I told you that you were overreacting,\" Finley said. \"She really does love you. It was written all over her face the whole time.\" Oscar shoved his arm and rolled his eyes. \"Yeah, yeah, whatever.\" Glinda was upstairs a little later that night in their bedroom sitting in front of her vanity mirror brushing her golden hair. She had on her long cream robe and under it a pink and white lace bra and matching thong with white lace stockings and heels. She waved her wand and the candles in the room lit and the music played. She figured she had teased Oscar long enough. She gave him sex too easily. Whenever he kissed her, touched her, or even just looked at her a certain way, she gave him what he wanted. Her best friend Grace had told her that men want what they can't have and it made her feel like she was spoiling him too much. Not that that was a bad thing. But she did want to keep him on his toes. It had started out with her wanting to tease him a little bit in the throne room that day anyway. Afterwards it hadn't been her intention. But her Oz had such a wild imagination. He blew small things out of proportion way too easily. Seeing him kissing that girl that day really head hurt her feelings a lot, but for the reason he did it she could forgive him. She tied her robe closed then went downstairs and found him in the living room with Finley. \"Hey Oscar?\" He looked up at his beautiful lady with a smile on his face as there always was when he looked at her. She looked like she had just gotten ready for bed. He loved the way that silky cream robe looked on her. It framed her curvy body perfectly. \"Yeah babe?\" \"Can you come help me with something?\" she said innocently. \"Sure.\" He stood up and went upstairs with her. They went into the room and Glinda closed the door behind them. \"What do you need Glinda…?\" When he turned around to look at her she was untying her robe and could see the lingerie under it. She let her robe drop to the floor and a smirk spread across her face at Oscar's reaction. This was exactly what she wanted. She wrapped her arms around his neck pressing her body against him and ran her tongue along his jaw. \"I need you to take me to bed and satisfy my desire for you,\" she whispered. He took her face in his hands and kissed her hard. She backed him up and pushed him down on the bed and they made love. He was so glad his Glinda still loved him. But he shouldn't have believed that she didn't. Glinda was always so good and kind and faithful. He would from now on think nothing less of her. Again, not long. But this wasn't meant to be a very long story. Just a cute little thing about one of my favorite couples. It's dynamics like these that make me love them so much. Oz means well, but sometimes his mind carries him away. He's so sweet to Glinda though, you've jut got to love him. I hope you enjoyed this story! More will be on the way! ","Summary":" Hi. So i haven't been in fanfiction in a long time. I'm sorry i've neglected this account so much f"},{"Movie":"Oz the Great and Powerful","Title":"The epilogue of the two wicked witches of oz","Author":"StudentWriter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9981398","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This fan fiction is based on the impending storyline of what happens to the recently degraded Evanora, and Theodora. This is my first publication so In advance I apologise for any spelling mistakes and ask that you would comment on them so I may improve. This story contains moderate violence and no sexual/suggestive themes. Chapter 1 Theodora stirs in her chambers. A faint musk of smoke still latches too her gown causing an aroma of destruction and despair; just the way she liked it. She sat up, feeling stiff. The bed she had been designated to was not like her one in the Emerald city. The glorious Emerald city home to the oath they know as the wizard but she knew otherwise. She knew the true man hiding under the mask of deceit that clouded his people. The snivelling, traitorous, coward who she had once, so longed for. But know she knows nothing but of the image of Oz burning in hell. As she plants her feet deftly on the uneven floor she notices that her sister Evanora, has already arisen. She makes a mental note to find her sister. As she adorns her cloak she stops and gingerly feels the fabric. It was rough and uneven but then she remembered, The uneven and rough was there as a reminder to remind her of her poisoned heart. Their current accommodation was a small shack deep in the heart of the dark forest a place loathed by many but refuge for some. As she walked slowly out of her room she saw her sister and keeping close to a wal she observes her whilst incognito. She was gingerly feeling the large pores and wrinkles of her skin. She was once so beautiful but after her gem was destroyed she had taken on the grotesque form of her true nature, a dark and twisted one. Unfortunately her sister was not as gullible as she assumed as her head snapped up and her eyes immediately locked on the corner she was concealed by. \"Good Morning sister I trust you slept well, I do apologise for awaking without you however I had to attend to pressing matters.\" As her position had now been revealed she walked out from her deceased hiding place and faced her sister. \"There is no need to apologise sister the fault was mine for intruding on your activities, I simply awoke because the image of Oz was frozen to my eyes. Then I felt a pang of pain through my poisoned heart the one left charred by him\" Suddenly Evanora looked up with a glint her eyes. She hastily walked over to a book case and selected a battered tome. As she did this, Theodora looked over to her sister, taking notice of her obvious excitement. As she looked upon sister with concern, her sisters head suddenly snapped up. Looking coy she again started to speak. \"Tell me more about your visions of oz\" she said. Her voice, dripping with hatred. Theodora then started to monologue; Evanora was apparently paying close attention however a hand was reaching for a knife engraved with runes. Evanora then felt the cool countenance of the knife and grasped it firmly. She hid her hand around her back and pretended to walk round the room whilst listening to Theodora positioning herself behind her. Theodora seemed not to notice and faced the same direction. Evanora readied the knife. A truly marvellous weapon serrated at the end, long and curved. As Theodora ended her speech Evanora pounced plunging the knife deep into Theodora's chest. She cut in a circle then plunged her hand in she struggled for a while then wrenched out a beating black heart. She took two steps backwards. Theordora turned round and stood up she ran for her sister but then stopped. She began to scream as her body slowly became encased in stone. As her scream was finally silenced and her face frozen in a soundless scream, Evanora de-tensed. As she held the heart in her hand she muttered something a spell kept close to her. The heart was vibrating and suddenly started to smoke excessively. It stated to burn her hand but she dare not drop it then the heart morphed to a stone with a chain an amulet or talisman of sorts but to the witch it was much more. She donned the talisman and felt her skin change and her pores recede she found a cracked mirror and discovered her youthful looks had returned to her she sparked up a bolt of green lightning and let a coy smile escape her. \"I'm coming oz\" she said with contempt and with that she burst from the hut cackling. I apologise if there are any mistakes if I receive any constructive comments I will make sure to work on them for a possible next chapter. End ","Summary":" This fan fiction is based on the impending storyline of what happens to the recently degraded Evano"},{"Movie":"Oz the Great and Powerful","Title":"My dear family","Author":"Dolpher","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12227099","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Моя семья, в общем-то, маленькая: мама, папа, я и моя сестра. Папа. Ну что я могу вам о нём. сказать? Мой папа весьма необычаен. Существовало даже предсказание про моего отца. А Вы можете этим похвастаться? В смысле, про Вас существует предсказание? Но вернёмся к отцу. Как вы, возможно, знаете, предсказание про моего отца сбылось дважды. Первый раз, когда в страну пришёл некий Оскар (Оз). Строго говоря, он был самозванец, а не Волшебник-из-Пророчества, но это, если вдаваться в детали. Собственно, историю Оскара вы знаете, и я не вижу смысла останавливаться на ней подробно. Пришёл, объединился с Глиндой, прогнал Эванору и Теодору. Вот тут-то и появился мой отец. Настоящий Волшебник-из-Пророчества. Пришёл он в нашу страну, как раз в тот момент, когда Теодора летела на своей метле над Заповедным лесом. Тогда-то они и познакомились. Мама. Сперва мама хотела убить папу. И её можно понять. Встречает она незнакомца, спрашивает, его, кто он такой, а он представляется: – Я – Волшебник-из-Пророчества. Мама, между тем, как раз только что воевала с одним таким. Да, забыл сказать, моя мама – известная вам Теодора Добрая. Так вот, в тот момент для Теодоры каждый Волшебник-из-Пророчества (что настоящий, что самозванец) считался врагом. Ну и как только папа представился, Теодора напала на него. Их магическая дуэль длилась не слишком долго, и победил папа. Теодора думала, Волшебник убьёт её, а он наоборот, стал с ней учтиво обращаться. Слово за слово, она рассказала ему свою историю. Волшебник первым делом предложил расколдовать её, она отказалась, и тогда он заколдовал её. Заколдовал он её... Помните известный стишок про заколдованную принцессу, в котором есть слова: – Красавица днём, а ночью урод... Так вот, Волшебник-из-Пророчества заколдовал Теодору наоборот – днём она была злая зелёная ведьма, а ночью она принимала свой истинный облик Теодоры Доброй. Что было дальше? Они объединились и завоевали себе королевство. Почему они стали искать себе страну, а не стали мстить Оскару и Глинде? Потому что Оскар – вор, лжец и бабник – сам к тому времени с этим справился. Он изменил Глинде со служанкой, и Глинда, с разбитым сердцем сбежала из Изумрудного города. Оставшись без Глинды, Оз сообразил, что совершил глупость и теперь безутешно страдал. Они оба страдали, а Теодоре не пришлось для этого и пальцем шевелить. Итак, папа стал королём, а мама – его королевой. Сестра. Говорят, что ведьмам нельзя иметь детей. Якобы, вода смертельна для ведьм, а когда женщина рожает, то отходят воды, то есть, рожая, ведьма сама себя убивает. На самом деле, это – глупые суеверия, и ведьмы и волшебницы вполне себе могут иметь детей. У настоящего Волшебника-из-Пророчества, и Теодоры родилась двойня. В этом бы не было ничего особенного, но схватки начались поздно ночью. Первый ребёнок – я – появился перед рассветом, а второй родился уже на рассвете. Понимаете? Меня родила Добрая Волшебница, а мою сестру – Злая Ведьма. Словом, у меня довольно странная семья. Но это ТАК КРУТО! ","Summary":" Моя семья, в общем-то, маленькая: мама, папа, я и моя сестра. Папа. Ну что я могу вам о нём. сказат"},{"Movie":"Oz the Great and Powerful","Title":"The Fragile Heart","Author":"iloveromance","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9924448","Passage":"[Chapter 1] As they walked further and further away from the Emerald City, China Doll became more and more confused. Atop of Glenda's shoulder, she held tightly to Glenda's hand and stared at her surroundings, the only thing familiar being the yellow brick road beneath their feet. \"Wh-where are we going?\" Glenda smiled at her timid question. \"It's a surprise. From the Wizard and I.\" \"Oh…\" \"What's the matter?\" Finley asked. \"Don't you like surprises?\" The Wizard shot Finley a look of annoyance but the winged monkey dressed in the bell attendant uniform only shrugged. \"What? What'd I say?\" And then the Wizard smiled at China Doll. \"You… do like surprises, right?\" \"Well…\" Carefully the Wizard picked her up and sat her on the ground, kneeling to be closer to her. \"I know you've experienced some scary surprises on our journey; all of us have. But you can trust me. You do… trust me, right?\" China Doll smiled. OF course she trusted the Wizard. She trusted him more than anyone in the world. And so she nodded. This made the Wizard smile and he took her tiny hand. \"Come, then.\" They walked a bit further until they came to a crossing. \"This should look a bit more familiar.\" the Wizard said. They'd taken no more than two steps when China Doll's small eyes opened wide and she gasped at the sight. It was the most wonderful thing imaginable. Her city, her beloved China Town, which was smashed and shattered beyond belief, was now alive again. She couldn't believe her eyes and even Finley was surprised. The shattered teacups, teapots, dishes and plats that were home to hundreds of China Dolls had been put back together. And even more amazing, the people of China Town were walking around on legs that weren't broken. Her tiny heart warmed, remembering the kindness that the Wizard showed her, when he carefully mended her broken legs. She thought she would never walk again and the first time she saw the Wizard she was scared. But then he used his magic to heal her. It was a dream come true. Everything was perfect except… \"Is something wrong?\" The Wizard asked. \"No, I…\" \"I thought this would make you happy.\" \"I-it does, but…\" \"You miss your family.\" The Wizard finished quietly. She looked up at him with wide eyes. \"Uh huh.\" \"Well, I thought you might say that. Good thing there's another part of the surprise. An even better part. But you have to close your eyes. Can you do that for me?\" \"Uh huh.\" She said again, peering up at the Wizard. Her tiny hands went over her eyes, and she waited rather impatiently. \"Can I open them now?\" The Wizard laughed a sound she had grown to love. \"Not yet. Just a few more seconds.\" China Doll could hear tiny hushed voices and suddenly she couldn't stand it anymore. \"I want to see!\" \"All right.\" Glenda said. \"You may open your eyes.\" Slowly China Doll moved her hand away and opened her eyes. And what she saw made her happier than she ever thought possible. \"Is this… real?\" Glenda laughed. \"Of course it's real!\" \"But how…\" \"Magic.\" The Wizard said. \"I am, after all the Great and Powerful Wizard of OZ, am I not?\" It was then that China Doll began to cry. \"Mom! Dad! It's really you!\" The older China dolls laughed and took their daughter into their arms. It had been so long, much too long since they'd been a family and now they were reunited. After they had cried all the tears they had to cry, the China family drew back from one another. China Doll stared at her parents. They looked so much older, due to the cracks on their faces and the tiny holes that remained from where the Wizard had put them back together. They walked slower than normal and were much more fragile, but they were alive and she was happy. It was truly a miracle only a Wizard could perform. She turned to the Wizard, suddenly aware of how big he was compared to her and her parents. His heart must have been enormous. And that gave her the courage to do what she'd wanted to do for so long. But her shyness returned when he noticed her looking at him. \"Is something wrong?\" He asked for the second time. \"I-I…\" \"Yes?\" She swallowed hard and smiled. \"I love you.\" The Wizard smiled bigger than she'd ever seen him smile before. \"That's sweet.\" He said. \"You're a good friend and I love you too.\" But instead of feeling happy to hear those words, China Doll lowered her head. \"Oh, but I meant that I love you in a… different way.\" The Wizard's eyebrows rose in confusion and he glanced at Glenda, who was covering her laugh. And then he understood. He turned to the China Doll and gave another glance at Glenda. \"You love me… in a different way?\" \"Uh huh…\" \"But you're just a little girl. How could you possibly love me in any other way than friendship?\" \"Because you're smart, and funny and so handsome.\" China Doll sighed, causing his face to redden. How was it possible for someone of her size to have that effect on a person as Great and Powerful as the Wizard of OZ? It just didn't make sense. She thought that Glenda would be mad, because that's who the Wizard loved in a different way. He never told anyone but China Doll could see it, and she knew that Finley could too. But Glenda smiled and picked up China Doll. And then China Doll felt herself floating as Glenda wrapped her arms around the Wizard, leaning against him. \"You're right about him being Great and Powerful and handsome.\" She said. \"Because I happen to agree.\" The Wizard however wasn't happy. He was concerned that he'd hurt China Girl. And so he looked into her tiny eyes and tried to explain. \"I'm extremely flattered that you love me, but I'm engaged to someone.\" Every head turned toward him, but no one was more shocked then Glenda. \"And just who is this person?\" When he said nothing, she gasped in horror. \"No… please don't tell me you still want to marry Theodora. She's awful, she-.\" But Glenda could say no more, save for the touch of his lips on hers. And then he got down on one knee. \"I am engaged, or I will be. If you'll have me.\" Glenda gasped as the Wizard waved his hand and amid a streak of stars and sparkling dust, produced a shiny new diamond ring. \"Glenda, will you marry me?\" She wasted no time in allowing him to slip on the ring onto her finger and she kissed him deeply, but nor before giving him her answer. \"Yes! Yes, I will marry you! I love you!\" \"I love you too, Glenda!\" Cheers of happiness were everywhere as Glenda and the Wizard kissed. But their happiness was short lived when they noticed that China Doll was crying. \"We've hurt her.\" Glenda gasped. \"Oh Wizard, I don't know about this. I want to marry you, so badly, but not if it means breaking the heart of someone so fragile.\" \"I'll talk to her.\" He said. \"No, I'd better do it.\" Glenda suggested. She gave him one last kiss and went to the China Doll was crying into a large handkerchief. \"China Doll? Can I talk to you for a minute?\" China Doll bit back a sob and turned to Glenda. \"Okay.\" \"What's wrong? I know you love the Wizard, but don't you want him to be happy?\" \"Yes, more than anything.\" \"Then why-.\" \"Because I …\" \"What is it? You can tell me anything. Aren't you happy for us?\" \"Well, yes but I'll never see you again!\" The China Doll sobbed. \"Of course you will! Whatever gave you that idea?\" Glenda asked. \"Because you have to go back to the Emerald City and I'll be all alone!\" \"But you have your family! Don't you love them and want to be with them?\" \"Yes… But you're my family too! You and the Wizard and Finley.\" Glenda wiped tears from her eyes as the Wizard returned. \"Is everything okay?\" \"She's afraid she'll never see us again because we'll e in the Emerald City.\" \"She's more than welcome to come and visit us.\" The Wizard said. In fact, everyone in China Town is welcome to visit my palace as often as you like!\" \"But my legs! They're so small!\" China Doll cried, among the cheers of the China Town residents. The Wizard looked at her thoughtfully. \"Hmm… That is a problem. What if I send my carriage and I'll order the woodworkers to make a special seat in it just for the people of China Town. That way you can climb into the carriage whenever you'd like and come visit.\" \"But how...\" \"Just make a wish and say Emerald City please and within minutes, my personal chauffeur will be here waiting.\" \"Really?\" \"Really.\" The Wizard said with a smile. With more strength than she knew she had, China Doll jumped into the Wizard's open arms. \"I love you.\" She said again \"I love all of you!\" With his friend Findley, the tiny China Doll family, the sweet little China Doll and his fiancé at his side, he was happier than he ever dreamed. It was the best gift he could have received. And this time the Wizard didn't question what she meant by saying \"I love you.\" It didn't matter, because love isn't love until someone gives it away. THE END ","Summary":" As they walked further and further away from the Emerald City, China Doll became more and more conf"},{"Movie":"Oz the Great and Powerful","Title":"Rules of the Con","Author":"eilonwya10","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9891461","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: This is an iPod Shuffle Challenge series of drabble on Oz The Great and Powerful . (Set the iPod to shuffle. For 10 songs, each song inspires one drabble, which is written in roughly the time the song takes to play.) OTG&P; is owned by Walt Disney or somebody like that, certainly not me. 1: Orchestral Maneuvers in the Dark: \"The History of Modern, Part 2\" The first rule of the con is that the way you get the mark to trust you, is to first trust the mark. A grin from Oscar Diggs meant You're special. You're the one who can see the magic. You're the one I trust behind the curtain. Girls all across the dusty prairie lapped it up. The first mistake you make is forgetting that when you see greatness reflected in their eyes, that's the lie. That's the con. Believe it back, and you'll be swept away by forces that make a tornado look like a summer breeze. 2: Echo Revolution, \"Good to Be Home\" The second rule of the con is that human nature's the same everywhere. St. Louis, Kansas City, Abilene, San Francisco. . . even this place, which sure as hell ain't Kansas. Whoever saw flowers as big as a house? People like if you they help you. Women particularly like helping. You're instantly a son or a brother or a candidate for suitor. This one's got more curves than the road up Mount Sunflower. She'd better not be feeling sisterly. 3: James Durbin, \"Back for More\" The third rule of the con is to know when to fold 'em. You can bluff your way into a job, a city, friends, and something resembling love. Just don't cross the line into believing their trust means you owe them anything. They'll look at you with soft, pleading eyes and touch you with soft, willing hands. They'll promise you power and unimaginable riches. They'll say it was meant to be. That's how you get tricked into believing you belong to them. 4: Frank Ocean, \"Not Just Money\" The fourth rule of the con is that everybody has a price. Sprawled on his back in the treasury of the Emerald City, making snow angels out of pure gold—he'd dive into it if he could, he'd breathe gold—Oscar Diggs thinks he's found his. 5: Echo Revolution, \"High Road\" The fifth rule of the con is never to look back. You never know who's chasing you. Or, in this place, what. Talking monkeys, talking lions. . . this place makes the carnival look like a Sunday church social. The girl made of china—how do these people not spend their lives huddled in a flat place for fear of breaking a toe?—isn't the crippled girl at the carnival. Healing one doesn't heal the other. You can't fix in one place what was broken in another. You don't owe— She's crying. And glue's such a simple thing. 6: Roxy Music, \"Same Old Scene\" The sixth rule of the con is. . . but that's Annie. A wicked witch emerging from a graveyard on a foggy night is supposed to be a hag. Give her green skin. Give her snaggleteeth. Give her bloodshot eyes and a hunchback and warts. Don't make her Annie. It occurs to Oscar Diggs to wonder if Annie's sweet, trusting face is the perfect disguise for a core of evil. It occurs to Oscar Diggs that he doesn't really care. Annie. 7: Florence + the Machine, \"Lover to Lover\" The sixth rule of the con is that there's no situation so bad you can't con your way out of it. When he looks out over the crowd of Annie's—Glinda's—people, Oscar Diggs' smile doesn't slip. If anything, it's wider and smugger than usual. No one, not even Annie—Glinda—can guess how their insistent, demanding hope is like sunlight reflected in a mirror. It goes past illuminating into scorching and blinding. It makes him want to curl deeper into the well of his own soul, where everything is cool and secret. The woman on the broom—Evanora—is rescue from this crazy hope. Look at the ugliness I had a hand in making. I can't save you. I can't save anything. If Evanora had thrown him on her broomstick and whisked him away, he might have thanked her. 8: Haley Reinhart, \"What You Don't Know\" The sixth rule of the con is that there's no situation so bad you can't con your way out of it. The heart of the con is about believing in miracles. The heart of the con is about believing in magic. Sufficiently advanced science is indistinguishable from magic. Oscar Diggs knows how to turn the scorching light into the illusion of magic. Funny how redemption turns out to start with one more lie. 9: Steel Bill, \"Booze in My Veins\" Oscar Diggs has always been told that power corrupts. As he helps Glinda's people prepare for revolution, he decides what power does is intoxicate. It's a heady feeling, everybody listening to him, not because he's come up with a glib line of patter, but because he's got real answers that their lives and future depend on. Power intoxicates, and it leaves one hell of a hangover. Glinda says nobody in Oz kills, but he can't believe some of these people listening to, thanking him, aren't going to their deaths. If he'd been born with real power, would he have had the sense to choose to spend his life on a gray wooden porch in Kansas, watching Annie shell peas? Or do even the people with real power keep chasing the buzz? 10: City Rain, \"Don't Stay Inside\" Annie's arms are around his neck, and she's kissing him. Annie—no, Glinda—did something to the other sister, the distant yet alluring one, that made her as ugly as the first one. When it comes to creating ugliness, Oscar Diggs and Annie are even now. She says she was just revealing what was really there, but he has to wonder. It's too late to wonder. He's got the girl, he's got the treasure, he's got the throne. . . there's the tiny detail that he's officially dead, but apparently this bothers no one here. He's never ruled anything bigger than a stage in a traveling carnival tent. Don't worry, Annie says. I'll tell you what to say. I'll tell you what to do. They love you. I love you. It'll be fine. He used to tell Annie that he was nothing without her. He's starting to suspect that it's true. The seventh rule of the con: there's no one easier to con than a con man. A/N: The middle sentence of #8 belongs to Arthur C. Clarke, but it fit so well that I couldn't resist. ","Summary":" A/N: This is an iPod Shuffle Challenge series of drabble on Oz The Great and Powerful . (Set the iP"},{"Movie":"Oz the Great and Powerful","Title":"Fight for the Light","Author":"MovieVillain","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10894272","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Evanora finally had enough. Turning Theodora wicked is one thing, but a full genocidal attack, she has gone too far. Theodora has gone too far that Evanora has concocted a cure for her wickedness and places it in an apple. \"With this, I can get her goodness back,\" she smiled. As soon as she reaches her, she has the apple on her hand. \"What's this?\" Theodora asked. \"It's an apple to make you feel better. Just so you can push your feelings for the wizard aside,\" Evanora claimed. \"My heart is already better from the last apple you gave me,\" her sister retorted. \"You're wrong, sister. That is just a prototype; this is the real thing.\" \"Well, okay.\" As soon as she grabs the apple and takes a bite, Theodora started to feel pain in her chest. \"What's in this apple?!\" she demanded while holding on to her life. \"It's something I should have done when you ordered my men for a genocidal attack instead of letting some citizens live,\" Evanora gloated on what is happening to her sister. \"I'm going to get your heart back! However...\" \"However, what?\" \"You will stay in that ugly form you possess now.\" Theodora just can't believe that her own sister outsmarted her to get her goodness back. As her world spins around, she falls to the ground. \"Let's see if my potion worked,\" Evanora looked at her body closely to see her being in a state of regret. \"I guess the antidote worked after all.\" \"What have I done?\" Theodora tried to hold back her tears due to the fact she might get painful scars from the fluid. \"What have I done?\" \"What have you done? Let's see, sister. You have my men going on a genocidal attack on the citizens of Oz instead of making them surrender. Now, I'm going to take back what's mine.\" With a hold towards her, she tosses Theodora out of their new home by the doorstep. \"Stay out. Go to the wizard if you want. He'll never accept you.\" She shuts the door in front of her sister afterwards. With this, she can have plans all to herself. \"Now, it's time to have another attempt to take over Oz...\"[Chapter 2] In the kingdom of Oz, a dark-hooded figure sneaks its way through the castle gates before it's closed down. It waited for two guards to leave out of the door to make it towards the throne room. Once that is done, it takes off the hood, revealing to be Theodora. \"Now what? What should I tell them? Especially the Wizard...\" she looked around her surroundings of the room. \"Can I ever change back? If so, can everyone accept me back, including their wizard? How about Glinda? I now know she isn't the Wicked Witch.\" It was then that she puts her hands to her face as tears started to run from her eyes down to her cheeks. Supposedly, she is feeling pain-like burning from water emitted from her tears, but nothing happened. She could assumed that is a side-effect from the apple Evanora gave her to give back her heart. \"Theodora?\" a family voice called. \"Is that you?\" As soon as she wipes off her tears, she takes notice of Oz and he's not alone. He is with Glinda, Finley, China Girl, Master Tinker, and Knuck. \"Yes, it's me. The real me,\" was her reply. As much as she wanted to ask how is he still alive, now is not the time for that. The wizard immediately believes it and gestures for his friends to leave him alone with her. As he has no hard feelings for Theodora, Knuck smiled at her warmly. So does Finley, China Girl, and Master Tinker. Of course, Glinda smiled at this, for the witch to finally realize that Evanora is the evil witch, and knows what Oz is about to talk with her. \"But how did...?\" Oz crouched next to Theodora. \"Evanora gave me an apple that has the power to get my heart back, but leave me looking like this,\" she replied then started to cry again. \"Oh, Wizard, what have I done?\" \"Theodora, you're not blame for this,\" Oz wrapped his arms around her for a hug. \"It's all my fault for dumping you to be with Glinda. As I thought about it, if I decide on who I should be with, it's you.\" \"You're not mad at me?\" the witch huddles closer towards him. \"Of course not. It's also Evanora's fault for manipulating you. I don't care if you have green skin or whatever. You look like the witch I described earlier.\" \"Wizard...\" \"Please, just call me Oscar or Oz for short.\" It is this moment they shared a kiss towards each other. They snuggled into each other. \"Oz. I don't know if I can change back.\" \"Don't worry about that, Theodora. Currently, I'm working on a spell to change you back,\" Glinda showed up. \"What if it there isn't a cure?\" Theodora asked. \"It doesn't matter anyway. You're beautiful enough,\" Oz promised. \"Oh, Oz...\" she kisses him again. As she watches this, Glinda knows they make a great couple before leaving the room to give them some time together. As she watches this romantic moment from her crystal ball, Evanora smiled at this. \"Enjoy this moment, sister, while it lasted.\" With this, she plots to make her next move. ","Summary":" Evanora finally had enough. Turning Theodora wicked is one thing, but a full genocidal attack, she "},{"Movie":"Oz the Great and Powerful","Title":"Hope Behind the Curtain","Author":"fiadorable","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9859231","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: All dialogue in quotations is quoted directly from the movie \"Oz the Great and Powerful\" and was written by either Mitchell Kapner, David Lindsay-Abaire, or L. Frank Baum, although I'm thinking not the latter. Point is, it's not mine. All other thoughts of characters are extrapolations and daydreams. That's what fanfiction is all about, isn't it? Hope What am I going to do if he leaves? The Wizard walks out of the library with the china girl, leaving me with my thoughts. This place, filled with the alluring fragrance of knowledge yet undiscovered and the warm light of the hearth, has been my haven for the last decade and a half of my exile from the Emerald City, but today walls seem to fall away and leave only a dark precipice over my kingdom and my future. I shake my head to banish the image, shivering as I walk to one of the chairs at the large table and sit. There is good in him, for all his assurances to the contrary , I think, remembering his dramatic passage through the wall I spent so many weeks carefully researching and crafting to protect my people from Evanora. To think it almost kept out the one person able to help. But it didn't, I remind myself. And despite his proclivity for disappearing, I have seen glimpses of his true self when he thinks no one is watching. A smile crosses my face. He tries so hard to come across as a hardened con man, but his tenderness with the china girl hints at a softer inside. His way with her reminds me of my father, in some regard. Not a month, week, day, or hour goes by that I don't miss his gentle manner. I sit back in the chair and lean my cheek on my left fist. Now is not the time to dwell on such memories, not when there are important things to be decided. A sigh escapes my lips, and it transforms into a yawn before I can stop it. Being an optimist is occasionally exhausting. More so around the Wizard, I'm discovering. What am I missing? The door to the library slams open and the Wizard hurtles down the steps, his eyes alight with a passion I've never seen before now. Excitement radiates from him like sparks off a fire. The sight of him reignites my dwindling energy, but prudence tells me to be cautious, to not get caught in his whirlwind of exuberance until his explanation is offered. \"What have you got?\" I ask, rising from my seat and doing my best not to grin like a fool at the way his entire manner has changed with the advent of his idea. As he explains, I can't resist teasing him, playing into his enthusiasm. I perch a hip on the table and am not quite successful in hiding the smile that has been threatening to burst onto my face. \"You said you were just a con man.\" \"Precisely.\" \"Nothing but a trickster?\" \"Yes.\" \"A terrible cheat?\" \"The best there is.\" \"The carnival magician is going to put on a show.\" \"I'll put on a show of the lifetime, the likes of which the land of Oz has never seen!\" I'm grinning like a madwoman now, I know. There is something special about witnessing a person become who their true self longs to become, to watch as that person becomes consumed by that which lights their spirit. His willingness to stay and help me and my people relieves me and lifts a great pressure from my shoulders. Despair is not something I allow myself to feel, but in recent the times the emotion has become perilously close, and never so much as when Theodora broke through my wall earlier this afternoon. Something terrible happened between the two of them. I was not blind or deaf to their reactions toward each other. He will tell me about what happened one day, perhaps, but I doubt it's anything that hasn't happened before from what I know of him and his ways. This is just the first time he's been around long enough to see the repercussions of his actions. Despite this, as I sit on the table and listen as he expounds on his plan with grand gestures that encompass his entire body, a strange thought flickers across my mind. I wonder what it was like to kiss the Wizard. The fleeting thought is a ribbon snapping in the wind of my thoughts before I grab hold of it and secure it for a more appropriate time, if such a time exists. His plan is complex and will require everyone to pull together for it to succeed, but for the first time in many years I allow myself to bask in warmth of something I've worked hard to bring to my people: hope.[Chapter 2] Behind the Curtain \"For you, a sight envied by all and seen by none.\" Technically not true. It's only been given to one other person, and I hope she won't mind that I'm allowing you to see this side of me as well. \"You'll be astounded by what you find behind the curtain.\" I've startled her with the closing of said curtain, and my close proximity. She smells like sunshine and fresh air, and the jewels crowning her tiara sparkle in the dim lighting. When she comments on the tightness of the space, I respond with my trademark \"Nice, isn't it?\" and give myself a mental kick. The memory of the last time I used that line on a different witch still stings me with shame. For once, I'm not up to what she thinks, though I don't blame her. This is the perfect place for me to make a move, and to not do so screams against all my instincts. Right now, something more important is on my mind. \"I want to thank you for opening my eyes.\" I never even knew they were shut or how much I was missing. \"And what do you see?\" she asks, her face full of curious hopefulness. \"That I have everything I ever wanted.\" And everything I never even imagined could be mine. \"For the record, I knew you had it in you all along,\" she says, her lilting voice filling the tight space even though she is whispering. I smirk, knowing what is going to come next. \"Greatness?\" Isn't that what I've finally accomplished here? Haven't I fulfilled the end of the bargain I promised whatever deity sent me to this strange land? \"No, better than that,\" she insists. \"Goodness.\" The moment the words spill from her perfect, pink lips, time seems to pause and take a breath. Goodness. That which I've spend my entire life running from for fear I would die of its banality, its gray lifelessness. What is goodness? She speaks of it as though it were almost hallowed. Good is not something I'm comfortable with, but here, in this space, when she says it, I can almost believe it is the truth. Here, the goodness she speaks of has little to do with planting crops, attending church, or raising babies. Here, there are opportunities to perform great things only a good man can accomplish. Here, goodness is something buried within me, not an insurmountable goal I will never be able to achieve. And here, I realize as I gaze into her eyes, is where I am going to kiss this indomitable woman who never stops believing anything is possible. Never have I met someone who combined the wonder and mischievousness of a child and the wisdom and clarity of an adult with such grace and ease. Time releases the breath it was holding I pull the fair-haired witch closer, eyes flicking from her eyes down to her parted lips and then back. When her hazel eyes follow the same path on my own face, I lean down to press my lips against hers. She is shy, a little uncertain, but not unwilling in the least. I hear a click and feel the heat of the praxinoscope's lamp shining on us, but time once again seems to grant us respite, and I lose myself in the softness of her body pressed against mine and the heat of my hand on the bare skin of her back above her dress. Somewhere in the distance Sourpuss is blowing a fanfare. The witch smiles into the kiss and curls a hand behind the back of my neck to keep me from pulling away. Yes, good men can do great things here. ","Summary":" Author's Note: All dialogue in quotations is quoted directly from the movie \"Oz the Great and Powe"},{"Movie":"Donnie Darko","Title":"Cogito Ergo Sum","Author":"Birdbeau","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10743798","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Cogito Ergo Sum : I think, therefore I am. I'm told I'm schizophrenic. This basically means that I'm a seventeen year old with very compelling imaginary friends. I 'know' they're 'imaginary', but that sure doesn't stop them from talking to me. I don't believe Thurman. My parents eat up what she tells them every single time, but I swear to whatever God you want, I am not crazy. Crazy people don't time travel. Not for real. Not like I did. They might, however, talk to six-foot bunny rabbits. They probably destroy schools because ' the voices told them to '. How many psychos have killed their family for that reason alone? Cogito , I think. Cogito Frank talks to me, Cogito the world will end in 16 days, Cogito time travel portals appear in our stomachs and lead us to our next destinations, Cogito. I'm told I'm schizophrenic. This means that I shouldn't always trust what I think. But If I can't think, how can I be sure I'm even alive? If I can't think, what have I got? Cogito Ergo Sum. I think, but that proves nothing ","Summary":" Cogito Ergo Sum : I think, therefore I am. I'm told I'm schizophrenic. This basically means that I'"},{"Movie":"Donnie Darko","Title":"Pure Imagination","Author":"Artemis-Toxicity","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8835995","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sam wasn't sure when she exactly fell head over heels for jack but she knew now as she laid in bed with him as he slept through another nightmare and she pet his head in attempt to calm him that she had fell completely head over heels for the ex-army the top of his head she turned to her side and closed her own eyes singing Pure Imagination from one of her favorite movies ever,Willy Wonka and The Chocolate Factory. Thinking back as she pet his hair she couldn't help but realize how odd their situation was. Here she was,the sister of Donnie Darko one of the last people to truely make contact with \"Grandma Death\" laying next to Roberta Sparrows Nephew. Apparently from what she had found out when they had both jumped dimensions in some weird change of fates she had died so that he could try to save her by turning back the clocks and dying himself. Feeling tears leaking from her eyes she shook her head refusing to think on when she was unsure of her feelings for the older she could never bring herself to think of his death. Instead she thought of their time here in this dimension to this day she was unsure if they were in heaven and they were finally able to had come first apparently a good couple months after her brother,Donnie and Frank her sister Elizabeth's boyfriend,had come to this dimension,and then not too long after she remembered wishing so hard on a star her heart would burst,jack came to her. He had been skitsh even around her for the longest time and she found it had brought her great sadness and worked carefully to reintroduce him into the world that he had so long ago abandoned and of course was partially succefull but even to this day it was hard to keep him out in public for too long without him feeling took a decent amount of time though to get hugs from him and even now while they laid in bed together,fully clothed in their pjs,they had yet to kiss past a kiss on the cheek. If she really had to pinpoint the exact moment she fell in love with Jack it would have to be when they were resting on the couch just watching tv with sam answering questions and bickering to her big brother that he needed to cook faster that she had looked up at the man and it if just looking at him while he was distracted by the tv,the pure wonderment in his eyes,and right after telling made-up stories for her late that night. Even if it wasn't that she knew one thing through and loved jack and even though they had been brought together by horrible circumstances she was forever greatful. Feeling herself slip into sleep she let it come,she needed it now that he was calm. On the opposite side of her his frame lifted lightly before bringing her small figure into his he kissed the top of her head \"My Princess...\"he said sighing in pure content,not noticing that even in sleep her face lit up in pure happiness at such a simple nickname. ","Summary":" Sam wasn't sure when she exactly fell head over heels for jack but she knew now as she laid in bed "},{"Movie":"Donnie Darko","Title":"Locura","Author":"ElusuarioSuicida","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11150891","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sucesos ocurridos algunos años antes de la película. La familia Darko había dejado el consultorio en el que se encontraban, aunque era más bien la sala de una casa con un diván, bueno casi todos, Donnie seguía ahí, sus padres fueron a hablar con la doctora para ver los progresos de su hijo, no estaba mejorando mucho, a decir verdad les parecía bastante siniestro. El joven Donnie Darko , un joven bastante escuálido con un perro de peluche sobre su regazo al cual acariciaba ,con grandes ojeras , se le notaba triste ,no quería estar loco ,el comprendía muy bien todo era por demás inteligente ,notaba lo idiota y estúpida que era lo gente ,¡por Dios! Como odiaba casi todo, pero por suerte aun había cosas que soportaba e incluso que le gustaban, al salir de la consulta decidió no ir directamente con sus padres, al contrario de esto se dirigió a su escuela, estaba bastante vacío por esas horas, casi se hacía totalmente de noche. Con los últimos rayos del sol se sentó junto a esa tonta estatua de perro que había en la entrada y se echó a llorar. Un sollozo se escuchó de pronto. -\"No estoy loco\". ","Summary":" Sucesos ocurridos algunos años antes de la película. La familia Darko había dejado el consultorio e"},{"Movie":"Donnie Darko","Title":"Lights","Author":"The-dead-make-no-sound","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12672343","Passage":"[Chapter 1] They just couldn't live there after the accident. I could barely live there after I found out I was sleeping in the room of a dead boy. The darko's moved two weeks after Donnie's room had been rebuilt - Sam complained that she could see Donnie behind the bathroom mirror, and Rose said something in the night kept asking her about her 'man suit'. I didn't see it until just after Christmas. My little brother got given a stuffed rabbit from my Auntie, and it kept going missing. I found it in the bathroom cupboard, under my bed, then - in the middle of the night - next to my pillow with its head ripped off and missing an eye. I met Donnie that night. Although when I saw him standing at the end of my bed I didn't know who he was. I shot up after seeing the beheaded rabbit, and saw him starring at me from under his brow. I didn't scream - I'm used to waking up to strange people in my room. I'm not always sure they're dead or not, but they usually are, and after finding out a boy was crushed to death in my room just a few months earlier, I was surprise I hadn't met him earlier. \"Did you destroy my brothers bunny?\" I asked blankly, my breaths settling into rhythm. \"I don't like rabbits,\" he answered, a childlike essence hanging in his voice. \"Well I don't like people in my room while I sleep, yet here you are,\" I said sternly. \"This used to be my room.\" He stood, hunched, and looked around, lingering on the roof, before finding me again - sitting on a strange bed where his used to be. \"I died here, y'know?\" A normal person would have jumped out of their skin at his comment, but Donnie wasn't my first ghost, and I'd been left creepier things in the middle of the night. \"So your Donnie? Donnie Darko?\" I asked, trying to be gentler now. Dealing with ghosts, I had quickly learnt that sternness was only required when dealing with misbehaviour, and softness was the most thing useful when dealing with the topic of death. Usually ghosts just wanted a friend. Donnie nodded sheepishly, his eyes piercing my soul as he looked at me - so blue, and so... Strange. I sighed, folded my legs like a pretzel, and pouted. I pat the covers in front of me. \"Come sit,\" I said, not looking at him until I felt him approach. \"You're not scared of me?\" He asked as he sat. \"I'd be scared of me.\" \"No,\" I said, sympathetic to his situation, \"you aren't gonna hurt me, are you?\" He shook his head, but wouldn't look at me. That was the beginning of something, but what, I wouldn't know for a week or two. I've always had a little bit of darkness in me - death always sat a little too well in my stomach. My first friend was a ghost I called Checkers because of his red flannel shirt. I'd talk to him day and night, and he understood. Donnie understood, too. He didn't ask questions about why I painted my room such a dark colour, or why I kept the blinds closed and only illuminated the space with fairy lights. He just lay on the bed and counted each light, and told me the turquoise green went well with the red of my hair. I'd get home from school, and Donnie would be waiting for me on my double bed, just as he was today. \"How was school?\" He asked, excited to see me. His smirk made me smile, and the playfulness in his voice found its way into mine. \"Terrible,\" I answered with a smirk, dumping my bag. \"As always.\" \"I know,\" he said, waiting for me to flop on the bed next to him - and I did. As I lay starring at the ceiling, Donnie leant over me. I expected him to speak, and his lips parted as if he were going to, but he just starred. His eyes trailed over every detail on my face, and lingered at my lips. He looked so calm. I reach up and ran my fingers through the dark hair on the back of his heAd, and pulled his lips into mine. I'd never kissed a ghost, but I'd kissed plenty of boys. Boys tasted like skin, and salt, and their lips were often course. A girl always kept her lips sweet and soft with lip balm, but real boys didn't have silky lips. Donnie did. His lips were sweet, and velvety. He tasted like chocolate. I liked kissing him a little too much, and I hummed happily as his lips moved against mine. We parted only to reposition. I wanted him on to of me, between my legs, inside me... Too many people think that ghosts are weightless, that you can't touch them, that they are like images projected into our world rather than being really there. A ghost is not something you can mimic with smoke and mirrors, they are the purest form of what that person used to be, no longer bound by the imperfections of mortal tissue. The feeling of Donnie against me, of my legs wrapped around his hips, pulling him closer, drove me mad with lust. He ran his hand up my thigh, under my school dress, and pulled down my underwear. It only took him a moment to guide his cock inside, and with one thrust the hardest half hour of my life began - how on earth was I supposed to stay quiet enough that my parents wouldn't hear?! I whispered for him to go slow, but I felt the tension in his muscles as he tried to restrain himself, and felt it in every passionate kiss. Every so often his rhythm would pick up and the bed beneath us would squeak, and I'd hear him curse under his breath. I'd pull him into me with my legs, and clench his cock with my pussy just to hear his breath hitch every so often, or for him to bury his face in the crook of my neck and drag his fingers down my back. It got hard for him to control himself very quickly. Donnie's muscles trembled beneath my touch, and every so often he would push inside me with such need that I'd have to cover my mouth to stop myself from moaning. I came muliple times before him, but those last few thrusts and he came sent a wave of pleasure through me so intense that not even his hand over my mouth could muffle the sound. Donnie hovered over me, chuckling as he saw what he had done. \"Damn you, Donnie Darko,\" I said breathlessly, \"my parents would have heard that.\" I pushed him off and made my way to my wardrobe. I felt his eyes on me as I slipped out of my dress, replacing it with track pants and a shirt before leaning against closed door. It took me a moment to look at him as he lay on my bed - part of me was too bashful. His skinned glowed under the yellow light as if he was one of the living, but there was something so dark about him that it would be difficult to mistake him for someone who was alive. His shirt was wrinkled, his hair messy, and his eyes flickered past every bulb around the room - the light reflected in his blue eyes light sunlight. He did not look like he was full of wonder, or the child like innocence I had learnt to adore in the past weeks, he looked groggy - high. It made me smile to think that he was high on me. I crept back to the bed, and curled into his arms. \"You have 257 fairy lights,\" he said as I closed my eyes, letting sleep tempt me away. \"Don't you think that's excessive?\" I let out a titter. \"You're such a fuckass, Donnie.\" \"Youre a fuckass,\" he replied, curving his body around mine. ","Summary":" They just couldn't live there after the accident. I could barely live there after I found out I was"},{"Movie":"Donnie Darko","Title":"Premier Essai Fatal","Author":"AlbiontheRacistFantasyLand","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9320111","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Premier essai fatal \" Qui n'a jamais rêvé de retourner dans le passé ou d'aller dans le futur ? Ca mes amis, ça s'appelle voyager dans le temps, une chose encore inacomplie par l'homme...pour le moment. \" Toute mon enfance, j'ai baigné dans l'univers fantastique, dans les livres que j'ai lu, les films que j'ai vu. Petite fille, une seule chose m'a toujours faite rêver: voyager dans le temps. Un jour où je me promenais lors d'une journée ensoleillée dans la petite bourgade où j'habitais, je suis entrée dans une bibliothèque qui avait accrochée mon regard. Son nom était : Rêver, ici c'est permis. Alors je suis entrée et me suis mise à feuilletar les livres qui me passaient sous la main. En c'est à cet instant précis que je trouvais le livre qui allait changer mon existence, le livre était nommé \"la Philosophie du voyage dans le temps\" écrit par Roberta Sparrow, le livre que Donnie lit dans le film fantastique, soit dit en passant mon préféré, Donnie Darko. C'est une histoire qui parle d'un garçon un peu dérangé qui parle à un lapin géant imaginaire nommé Frank et qui est persuadé que l'on peut voyager dans le temps, et le livre lui explique comment faire. A la fin, il y arrive mais meurt écraser par un réacteur d'avion venu d'on ne sait où, en essayant d'accomplir son rêve, je me demande pourquoi... Bref, je n'aurai jamais cru que ce livre existait réellement, mais pour mon plus grand plaisir, c'était le cas. Il énumérait différents moyens de voyager dans le temps qui différaient avec la méthode employée dans la film, par exemple, il était conseillée de voyager grâce à un corps organique alors que dans le film, l'on conseillait l'utilisation d'un engin metallique. Il expliquant comment faire grâce à la physique appliquée, à la biologie et à la psychologie . Je l'achetait donc et rentrait chez moi pour approfondir ma lecture. Voyager dans le temps grâce à la matière : Il vous faut utiliser un corp organique, de préférence un animal vivant, un mouton si possible, car ils ont une forme aérodynamique qui permet une bonne pénétration dans l'air, et surtout car leur laine à une bonne adhérence aux conduits spatio-temporels appelés \" trous de verre \". Pour cela, il faut se trouver sur une surface plate, de préférence dégagée, comme une autoroute par exemple. Faites enfiler des rollers au mouton que vous aurez choisis, de préférence verts, pour un voyage plus confortable, accrochez-lui des sièges autos sur le dos. Accrochez une clochette à son collier pour ne pas perdre sa trace en cas de perte dans un conduit et le repèrer plus facilement, cer votre voyage sera des plus périllieux. Pour créer une faille spatio-temporelle, faites le tourner dans le sens inverse des aiguilles d'une montre, les rollers que vous lui aurez mis vous faciliterons cette tache qui n'est pas des plus aisée. Accrochez vous bien et c'est partit pour l'aventure. Il y avait en plus quelques shémas pour le moins curieux. Par exemple, si on avait les moyens, on pouvait aussi utiliser une catapulte pour se projeter avec le mouton par dessus un clocher. Car cela créait une faille dans le plan astrale et nous faisait prendre un raccourcis par un trou noir, accélérant considérablement le voyage. Mais étant pauvre, j'optais pour la première solution. Voyager dans le temps grâce au corps: Le corps humain est un ensemble complexe de cellules, pour ne pas rater les trous de verres ou s'en faire rejeter, manger une quantité importante de ramens au curry, car cela améliorera considérablement l'adhérence de vos cellules aux conduits, et donc vous pourrez voyager dans le temps. Voyager dans le temps grâce à l'esprit: Il faut être en accord avec vous même, ne faire plus qu'un avec votre vous intérieur, toutes les cellules de votre corps doivent se fondre en un seul corps céleste pour faire partit intégrante du cosmos, car nous sommes tous fait de la même matière que les étoiles. Et vous pourrez seulement après cela, commencer l'entraînement intensif que tout voyageur interstellaire se doit d'accomplir avant son périllieux voyage. Et la conclusion et explication finale du livre était: Si vous choisissez de retourner dans le passé prenez et balancez l'escargot bicolore que vous aurez choisis avec soin de votre coté gauche, si vous voulez aller dans le futur, balancez-le à droite. La couleur bicolore est vivement conseillée car un escargot unicolore pourrait induire le temps en erreur et donc faire le contraire de ce que vous souhaitez. Sur ce, je m'entraînais pendant plusieurs mois dans un but ultime, celui de retourner dans le passé afin d'empêcher Wonder the first le chat de ne faire plus qu'un avec le goudron de la nationale passant devant chez nous, ou Mathilda la mangouste de passer par la case lave-vaisselle, j'aviserai plus tard une fois sur place. Un mois plus tard... J'avais choisis de sauver Mathilda de son triste sort, Wonder the first était donc le maillon faible, j'avais loué un mouton, mangé des nouilles tout le mois durant, et surtout fait des heures de méditations intenses pour être en accord avec moi-même et faire partit du cosmos. J'étais installé sur Hector, le mouton que j'avais choisis, pas trop grand, pas trop petit, et dont la longueur du poils était comforme aux critères conventionnelles. Dans ma main, je tenais un escargot bicolore, j'étais fin prête, au milieu de l'autoroute. Je commençais alors à faire tourner Hector, je voyais un camion foncer à toutes vitesse sur moi, et lorsqu'il me percuta, je mourru sur le coup, malheuseument Hector y passa également. Je me rendis vite compte de mon erreur, j'avais du créer un dysfonctionnement en mettant des rollers violet à Hector, paix à son âme... Et ce fut comme cela que Hector et moi-même, nous rejoignâmes Mathilda, Wonder the first et Roberta Sparrow, l'auteur du livre sans laquelle cette histoire n'aurai plus lieu d'être, avec laquelle je joue désormais au Scrabble tous les dimanches. \"Qui n'a jamais rêvé de retourner dans le passé ou d'aller dans le futur ? Ca mes amis, ça s'appelle voyager dans le temps, une chose encore inaccomplie par l'homme...pour le moment. Il y eut moultes tentatives, mais aucunes n'ont encore abouti à ce jour.\" ","Summary":" Premier essai fatal \" Qui n'a jamais rêvé de retourner dans le passé ou d'aller dans le futur ? Ca"},{"Movie":"Donnie Darko","Title":"Frank Feidler and the Tales of the Tangent Universe pt 1","Author":"snowflakesnowcaake","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9852774","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Before The Tangent Universe TALES FOR FRANK FEIDLER... Before the tale of Donnie Darko,and his fate with the tangent universe yet another unfortunate soul experienced a close encounter with his own death, but yet he managed to escape,and laid his fate onto another... Frank was a tall lanky teenager, with no hopes or dreams what so ever, he was the type of person you'd find working at your local convenience store down the other side of town. Frank's only joy in life was to feed his rabbit, Tan-gee. Frank was sitting on the couch as he usually was at that time of day, the rain outside could be heard dripping then sliding down the glass panes of his w i ndows. Middle-sex was a boring old place, filled with miserable people, doing miserable things that didn't benefit Frank. Frank finished his last bottle of beer as he stood,he watched the girl he had long admired walking past his window, alone as usual. Her step fathers violence didn't help her hard life. Frank made his way to the window watching her loading her final pieces of furniture into a pick up truck.\"Must be moving honey\" said Franks mother Marge camly. \"Alot of violence in that house goes on Frank\" she said as she poured a cup of coffee. Frank was dazed by how beautiful she was, hoping that one day he could have the courage to speak to her. Frank had known the girl for some time but never got to know her name. Fra nk realised his rabbit was fed at this time of day so he quickly picked up a juicy orange carrot, as he watched over to the hutch he realised the hutch was opned and behind him he found a shocking discovery... ","Summary":" Before The Tangent Universe TALES FOR FRANK FEIDLER... Before the tale of Donnie Darko,and his fate"},{"Movie":"Donnie Darko","Title":"La destrucción es una forma de creación","Author":"Kryptonita","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8687487","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: Desgraciadamente, Donnie Darko no me pertenece. La película es obra del caos mental de Richard Kelly. Notas de la autora: Sé que \"Donnie Darko\"es un fandom minoritario (por no decir casi inexistente, vamos). Que sólo hay un fic en español (y, con éste, dos), y que seguramente nadie lea esto. Pero necesitaba escribirlo. Porque hace mucho, mucho tiempo, cuando yo era una cría que le tenía pánico a la oscuridad, vi esta película hasta el final y me sentí un poco Donnie. Aún, a mis diecisiete años, me sigo sintiendo un poco Donnie. Para que se entienda, el fic está basado en el final de la película. Y recojo los tres momentos que más me han chocado de ese final con respecto a Donnie, Frank y Gretchen. Y nada más que decir. Espero que si alguien lee esto le guste tanto como a mí haberlo escrito. — La destrucción es una forma de creación— 1 Y quedan doce segundos. Doce malditos segundos y todo habrá terminado. Volverás a casa. \"Me voy a casa\", te dices a ti mismo en voz alta. Como te había dicho Frank. Frank, el chico del disfraz de conejo. Frank, el chico al que disparaste en un ojo. Porque, Frank, Frank, Frank, no tenías que haberla atropellado. No deberías haberlo hecho. Y bajas la mirada y el reloj te avisa de que quedan sólo seis segundos. Gretchen Ross está a tu lado, con los ojos cerrados como si estuviera durmiendo, aunque sabes que no duerme. Que en esta realidad, al menos, no volverá a abrir los ojos por mucho que te empeñes en pellizcar sus mejillas. Gretchen, la chica que te había sonreído y te había dicho que tu nombre, \"Donnie Darko\", se asemejaba al de un superhéroe. Y a ti eso te había gustado. Porque, quizás, no estuviera del todo equivocada. Quizás fueras un superhéroe, después de todo. Tres segundos más y se acabó. Porque aunque has destruido sus vidas -la de Gretchen, la de Frank e incluso la del resto del mundo que te conocía-, aún cabe la esperanza de que puedas arreglarlo. De crear algo mejor para ellos. Sólo es cuestión de segundos para saber si el conejo gigante tenía razón en lo que había predicho. Y el reloj pita. Anuncia que los doce segundos han llegado a su fin. Esbozas una media sonrisa y te apoyas en el volante del coche observando el horizonte. \"Adiós\", piensas por última vez mientras ves el motor de avión caer desde el cielo. Cierras los ojos y sueltas una risa histérica antes de que el tiempo retroceda. Y el coche, Gretchen y todo lo que te rodeaba queda atrás y te despiertas nuevamente en tu cama, en casa. Continúas riéndote porque vuelve a ser dos de Octubre y, esta vez, ningún conejo va a pedirte que salgas de casa para salvarte de tu inevitable final. 2 E n algún momento de la noche, te has caído de la cama. Y no te habrías dado cuenta de ello si no fuera porque has escuchado ese \"boom\", como si algo hubiera explotado cerca de casa. Un sonoro estruendo que te ha sacado de golpe y porrazo de tu profundo sueño. E incluso podrías jurar que aún se puede escuchar el eco de aquel estruendo. Te levantas de la fría moqueta y desvías la mirada hacia los dibujos de tu mesa. Cuando te fijas en esos siniestros bocetos, te preguntas a ti mismo por qué quieres ir de un conejo tan aterrador por Halloween. Que, seguramente, Elizabeth Darko te dirá\"Frank, estás ridículo\". Pero ya casi tienes terminado el disfraz que has estado haciendo en base a esos dibujos, así que a la mierda lo que ella pueda pensar de ti. El eco sigue resonando en tu habitación. \"Algo gordo debe de haber sucedido en el vecindario\", dices en un susurro. Bostezas y te vuelves a sentar en la moqueta. Y, repentinamente, te llevas una mano al ojo. Te duele, escuece y no lo soportas. Por más que te lo cubras, el dolor no se mitiga. Y no sabes cómo pero, por un momento, se te pasa por la cabeza que una vez tuviste una bala incrustada en él. 3 — U n terrible accidente —te responde el pequeño con aire meditabundo—: mi vecino ha muerto. —¿Cómo ha muerto? —preguntas. —Aplastado por un motor de avión. Vuelves la vista hacia atrás, donde el camión que lleva el mencionado motor de avión se aleja lentamente, para después observar la casa destrozada. A lo lejos, la familia Darko rompe en llanto mientras ven como los forenses se llevan el cuerpo de su hijo. Ladeas la cabeza y, nuevamente, preguntas: —¿Cómo se llamaba? —Donnie. Donnie Darko. Y tú frunces el ceño. Porque es un nombre muy raro. Porque parece el de un superhéroe y, tal vez, él lo fuera. O, tal vez, no. Pero a ti te da esa impresión. —Hmm... —¿Lo conocías? —te interroga el niño. Durante una fracción de segundos, la pregunta te pilla desprevenida y no sabes muy bien qué contestar. Pero, al final, acabas tartamudeando un \"no\"y el niño se encoge de hombros. Entonces, vuelves a fijarte en la casa de los Darko y te das cuenta de que la señora Darko te mira atentamente. Y tú le devuelves la mirada. Porque, aunque suene descabellado, te resulta familiar. Demasiado familiar. Como si os hubierais visto antes. Quizás, en otra vida. En otro mundo. O en otra realidad. \"Tonterías\", murmuras para ti. Inconscientemente, levantas una mano y la saludas. E inesperadamente, la señora Darko corresponde a tu saludo. Aunque, por supuesto, ese saludo no significa nada. Tú no la conoces de nada, Gretchen Ross. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: Desgraciadamente, Donnie Darko no me pertenece. La película es obra del caos mental de "},{"Movie":"Donnie Darko","Title":"Donnie Darko's Rapture --- Movie Explained in Detail","Author":"AudioElectronique","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9165275","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Anomalitical Philosophy of Time Travel Time travel has been a common theme in movies since cinema's inception in the 19th century, but one cult film stands out from other similar time travel films: Donnie Darko . This science fiction anomaly was written and directed by Richard Kelly in 2001 with a budget of $4.5 million. At the age of twenty six Kelly debuted his first film in a few cities, and received raving reviews by movie critics; however, it failed in the box office because it was released a month after the 9/11 twin tower attacks. According to Dan Kois, the movie only earned half a million dollars, but \"Three years later, \" Donnie Darko \" is being re-released in a handsome director's cut, with remastered sound and picture, 20 minutes of new footage and new visual effects.\" The re-release brought in an excess of ten million dollars, and continues to be a psychological drama that juxtaposes eighties stereotypes with the addition of science fiction. Donnie Darko features the debut performance of Jake Gyllenhaal, son of director Stephen Gyllenhaal and producer/screenwriter Naomi Foner and is the brother of actress Maggie Gyllenhaal, who played his sister in Donnie Darko (IMDb); it also features Homes Osborne and Mary Mcdonnell. Donnie Darko goes back in time to reverse the tangent universe in order to save the world from the break in the space time continuum; however, that is not the only message that this film brings to the table, it also features archetypal themes of the eighties, as well as psychological references. \"28 days, 6 hours, 42 minutes, 12 seconds, that is when the world will end.\" Someone in the future has broken the tangental universe and contacted Donnie to tell him about his death, which results in Donnie's unusual behavior. Scene one of the directors cut opens with the song Never Tear Us Apart by INXS, and represents the relationship of Donnie's family – throughout the movie sound design is used by the director to infer themes as well as establish the mood of a scene. However, in Donnie Darko Kelly also uses eye imagery to convey themes. Eye imagery, exclusive to the directors cut is used to embellish the messenger also known as \"God of the machine\", which represents that Donnie has been awaken by technology – space time has been ruptured, and there is a tangent universe; someone in the future is causing these visions to occur. Throughout various parts of the movie, the eye foreshadows the destruction of the world (as seen towards the climax of the movie where the jet engine plummets into Donnie's house). In addition, the eye represents intelligence or technology, seen in Donnie's visions in chapter seven. Moreover, Donnie is a product of Roberta Sparrow's book The Philosphy of Time Travel, he is the living receiver to set a course of events to re-align the jet engine. However, Donnie is not the only symbol in this movie. Archetypes from the eighties are sporadically distributed throughout Donnie Darko. We are introduced to Loyola high school in a complex camera sequence in chapter five, matched to Tears for Fears' song Head Over Heels . With the introduction of many characters seen in the movie, we can see the stereotypes of the eighties clearly. The high school bullies are situated by the lockers snorting cocaine, and one of the two is wearing a typical eighties hairstyle – the mullet. The teacher, Linda Connie, is sitting in the hallway by the doors holding a book titled Attitudinal Beliefs , and walks towards the principal to introduce him to Jim Cunningham (Patrick Swayze). After Linda is done introducing Jim, she goes back to class. Every high school has social awareness videos. In Donnie Darko , the documentary called Controlling Fear is previewed by Linda Connie to teach teenagers how to control their fear. In addition, Linda Connie believes that there are only two paths in life: fear and love. Her obsession for her beliefs is combined with her belief in having her child succeed in Sparkle Motion. However, other stereotypes are showcased throughout the movie. For example, Elizabeth Darko represents the rebellious teenager; she throws a party that involves alcoholic drinks in chapter twenty four. Her brother, Donnie, also is the instigator who wants to get with the new girl and ultimately have sex with her. Furthermore, this film also represents the archetype of a broken family. Mentioned earlier, in scene one, the song Never Tear Us Apart represents Donnie's family – broken and saddened at his death. However, it is not until Donnie's rapture that we find out that Donnie had to sacrifice himself in order to save the world. This in turn brings us to another symbol: alcohol. As Dr. Lilian Thurman states in chapter twenty three, \"His increased detachment from reality seems to stem from his inability to cope with the forces in the world that he perceives to be threatening.\" Dr. Lilian prescribes medication for Donnie - this also causes his parents to turn to alcohol as a way of coping with his death, as well as his irrational behavior earlier in the film. Donnie turns to evil acts in the film because Frank tells him to do them – not from the drugs that he is prescribed. For example, in chapter seven Donnie goes to Loyola high school and floods it by smashing the main water valve with an axe. Another example of this behavior is Donnie burning down Jim Cunningham's house in chapter nineteen, revealing his collection of child pornography. When Donnie goes through his psychological evaluations, Dr. Lillian asks him a series of questions about his imaginary friend Frank. When Donnie explains Frank, he tells her \"He made me do it.\" Although Frank is an imaginary character, he is the character in the parallel universe that is trying to contact Donnie. This in turn causes every single event throughout the movie to happen and be reversed by Donnie. However, Donnie does not realize this until he is sitting in his bed in chapter twenty seven towards the climax of the movie. Furthermore, he accepts his fate in his delirium, only because he finally realizes that he is the key to saving the world. Donnie Darko is a film that will continue to remain an appreciated cult classic. Although Donnie Darko was not successful in the box office, it continues to be appreciated by critics and fans alone because of its complex plot and deep-rooted themes of alcoholism, drugs, and teenage rebellion. However, without the aid of the directors cut, the convoluted plot is hard to decipher. Moreover, Donnie trying to save the world from rapture is unclear until the climax of the movie, where he accepts his own demise. Works Cited \"Donnie Darko.\" IMDb . . Web. 07 May 2012. Kelly, Richard. Donnie Darko Directors Cut. Pandora Cinema. 28 October, 2001. Film Kois, Dan. \"SALON.\" Everything You Were Afraid to Ask about \"Donnie Darko\" Salon Media Group Inc., Friday July 2004. Web. 07 May 2012. ","Summary":" The Anomalitical Philosophy of Time Travel Time travel has been a common theme in movies since cine"},{"Movie":"Donnie Darko","Title":"Wake Up","Author":"timidstranger","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9151732","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 28: A hero in his stupid man suit, he meets death laughing. 06: They made me do it, he did, the rabbit. 42: Love or fear, mark in on the line my dear. 12 Wake up. Wake up. ","Summary":" 28: A hero in his stupid man suit, he meets death laughing. 06: They made me do it, he did, the rab"},{"Movie":"Donnie Darko","Title":"Where Was Donnie?","Author":"AmethystB","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8684179","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: One of the best subtleties of the film in my opinion is the relationship between Donnie's two teachers, Karen and Kenneth, and how Donnie influences them and they in turn influence Donnie. Very powerful stuff and so understated, which makes it pure genius. I don't profit off this, made for fun and catharsis. … \" So, Donnie Darko…\" … The world was different when they woke. It was lighter, a weight had gone but was that a good thing? They heard about Donnie, saw his family on the news that morning. Where was Donnie? Dead, they heard. He didn't survive the freak accident . Karen could have cried, but she was a fierce character and only swore—once, loudly. Fuck! The rabbits in Watership Down seek refuge from the destruction the world brings to them, and the primroses are there to greet them in their new world but Karen doubted Donnie would be seeing much like that. If there were primroses after death they would be rotten, foul things. Kenneth didn't say anything, just stared at the small screen that swam with interference. Should it have happened to anyone else, a tragedy of course it would have been but the world would have continued after a brief time of mourning, and nothing would have changed. Donnie Darko could have changed the world. He wouldn't have the chance to now. Donnie, the bright spark who wore darkness like a horse wears a bridle—bit in the mouth, holding him steady, cradling him through the world. Karen reached for Kenneth's hand across the round kitchen table and they sat together the whole morning. What else was there to do? ","Summary":" A/N: One of the best subtleties of the film in my opinion is the relationship between Donnie's two "},{"Movie":"Donnie Darko","Title":"Let's Go Back to the Start","Author":"Spinning Circles","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8234460","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Let's Go Back to the Start PROLOGUE: Cut All the Ropes and Let Me Fall… -O-0-o-0-O- \" To die will be an awfully big adventure.\" -J. M. Barrie -O-0-o-0-O- Life can be a true wonder. It can feel like a thousand miracle, all happening at once. Like the moon is smiling as you dance slowly among the millions of stars, as you glide through an inky velvet sky. Or it can feel like lying in the soft green grass of a meadow, your toes tickled by the lukewarm water at your feet. Bright rays of rich sunlight heating the day. It really sucks that I have to go. I had a few things left to accomplish in this lifetime. But when it finally does happen, I'll be ready. I have to be. Maybe everybody else won't be. Maybe they'll say that it was too soon, especially for one so young as me. But I really do have to leave. Right this moment, I'm so sad that I could laugh. Doesn't really make sense, I know. I'm laughing now. It's better than crying. As if I have a choice. To know that none of it will ever happen is torture. I'll never see those eyes. Just that thought is making it harder than ever not to cry. We don't have time for it. It scares me. Of course it does. I'm bound to be afraid. Who wouldn't be? After all, the only thing I'll ever do right will never occur. I wish I could run. It's inevitable either way, but this is what I have to do. I can't be a coward. Not now. It's too late. I have to stay and let it happen. I roll onto my side, laughing again. I don't have the right to tears. I lost that privilege a long time ago. I touch the pillows next to my face, wondering if at this moment, you're doing the exact same. My fingers trail across the space where your beautiful smile would be, were you lying next to me. Where you belonged. Alas, all things must come to an end. After so long, after so much, I've finally come to accept this. I allow my eyelids to fall shut, a single, final grin gracing my lips. Your familiar face is the very last thing that I will ever see. After all, the dreams in which I'm dying are the best I've ever had. -O-0-o-0-O- New story :D I'm on a roll today. This is one of my favorite movies of all time, but I just felt like something was... missing. Do you know what I mean? Anyways, with my incredible love for OCs, I decided that this story was missing someone. Besides, let's be honest. Donnie, as wonderfully odd as he is, can be a big jerk. Don't you all deny it. You know that it's true ;) He doesn't deserve Gretchen. So, my extensive research, I hope that the role I've made for the new character fits in well. If not, feel free to tell me or make suggestions. Please, just keep in mind that the world created by Richard Kelly is as twisted and convoluted as it is ingenious. Again, if you feel as if this fic is getting too complicated, don't be shy, tell me :) As always, thank you, and I hope that my ramblings have made my ideas clearer :D ","Summary":" Let's Go Back to the Start PROLOGUE: Cut All the Ropes and Let Me Fall… -O-0-o-0-O- \" To die will "},{"Movie":"Donnie Darko","Title":"Donnie's thoughts","Author":"Artemis-Toxicity","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8118012","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Donnie closed his eyes a smile burned onto his face as he touched his head to the pillow. He had done it he had lived a full life,meeting Gretchen had been the best thing for him. She loved him and he loved her with every inch of his being. Turning over donnie braced himself..and then it hit. Gasping his eyes shot open tears sliding down his face as the jet engine fell and a peice broke off impaling him. Beginning to hypervenilate he could feel his life draining from him as he contuined to try and breath. Looking into the distance of his room his eyes began to fade and fail him. Trying desperatly to see his mind began to play illusions to calm him as he was taking his last breaths. In these visions his mind played back his times with Gretchen and how much fun they had despite the anger he held towards her for a few days before he knew his time was up. Soon however his mind created new images one of Frank,the giant rabbit. His best friend through the last of his days. More tears began to fall from his straining eyes remembering what he had to do before leaving that universe. He had shot his sister's boyfriend in the eye and it hurt him so much when he realized who it had been. Closing his eyes one last time he could of sworn he had heard Frank calling his name \"It's time to come home Donnie...It's time to come home...\" A smile plastered itself on the young teenage boy's face as he took his last breath as he headed into his next life... ","Summary":" Donnie closed his eyes a smile burned onto his face as he touched his head to the pillow. He had do"},{"Movie":"Donnie Darko","Title":"Cellar Door","Author":"An Elemental Realist","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8481378","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \" Cellar Door \" In the old days of forgotten lore, She sat within the forbidden score. Time never tasted a lick of her gate. She was hollow…empty of a meaningful fate. Not a single word blessed her an identity. She only had one name to call a delicate amenity. …A few syllables slipped her the persuasion, Carrying the answer within the equation. Verily, she was a literal intonation — A lavish construction of sounds to color every shade Of nihilistic jade. \"It's called Cellar Door,\" she said. \"…It was my essence and nothing more.\" ... Author's Note : It's been a while since I've posted a poem in this fandom, but I'm kinda glad that I finally did once again. I hope you guys enjoyed this. If it's difficult to understand the language, shoot me a PM and I'll answer any questions that you might have. Otherwise, I welcome any interpretation that you might have. ","Summary":" \" Cellar Door \" In the old days of forgotten lore, She sat within the forbidden score. Time never"},{"Movie":"Donnie Darko","Title":"Cherita Chen","Author":"laurascara","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7716818","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Summary: No one ever thought twice about Chinese Middlesex student, Cherita Chen. But Donnie Darko had a profound influence on her life. Disclaimer: I do not own Donnie Darko or the character, Cherita Chen. All I ever wanted was to belong. My mother wanted me to have all the happiness in the world. In her mind, America was the only place where I could receive this. She named me Cherita, thinking it was an \"American\" name. However, when I first came to this country, my peers viewed it as decidedly \"ghetto\". Our family emigrated to this country from China when I was 11. I used to blame American culture for my alienation, but I knew even then that I had never fit in. Even in China, I was ostracized for my chubbiness and awkward, eager-to-please personality. The truth is, I was always miserable at school- I never quite fit in. When I entered ninth grade, there was a new boy in my class name Donnie Darko. He was not a transfer student; he had been held back. Rumor was that he had had trouble with the law. I didn't pay him much notice at first. None of the boys in school were nice to me. I had no reason to believe he was any different. Soon, however, I realized that he never seemed to single me out. It was common practice for the other boys to bully me at the bus stop. I was an easy target; my limited English skill made it difficult to defend myself, and there was plenty for them to pick on. Fat jokes and Asian jokes had become a daily occurence for me. But Donnie never joined in. In fact, he often muttered, \"Just leave her alone.\" Eventually, I became infatuated. How could I not? He was the only boy who showed any sort of humanity toward me. The truth was, I never really knew him. But I began to secretly follow him. To record my love in a private diary titled \"Donnie Darko\". I knew he would not return these feelings for me. I saw the way he and Gretchen Ross held hands. But I did not care. It was enough that he was kind to me in a world where no one else was. But one day, he caught me staring at him. I was petrified, and I waited for him to attack. He slowly approached me, and placed his hands over my headphones. I stared at him, completely frozen. \"I promise, someday everything's gonna be better for you,\" he said firmly. I backed away. \"Shut up!\" was the only thing I could think to say, before I fled down the hallway, leaving my prized headphones. I was so angry. I knew he was lying to me. He was being deliberately cruel because he knew that there was no way life could ever get better for me. Who did he think he was to promise such an impossibly thing? One night, I had this incredibly dream. It lasted forever. In it, a month passed by. I faced the teasing of my classmates. Even worse, I performed an interpretive dance at the school talent show where I was booed. When I woke up, I knew Donnie was dead. I remembered the jet-engine that had struck his room, and how he had narrowly escaped. I knew then that he had gone back in time to allow destiny to occur. He had done it for everyone: for his family, for his friends, for Gretchen and for me. He did not want his life to end, but he knew it was the only way. And he accepted that. I smiled. Even though I loved Donnie, and he was now dead, I smiled because I knew that he had done it out of love. And I knew everything would be okay. After that morning, things changed for me. I stopped caring when the bullies tormented me. I knew that Donnie loved me enough to die, and that made everything hurt less. Eventually, I stopped getting teased. It became boring to the other kids when they realized they could no longer upset me. Ms. Pomeroy did not get fired. Without Donnie flooding the school, there was no reason for Mrs. Farmer to attack her reading list. Ms. Pomeroy was an amazing influence. Going to her class made me less lonely, less isolated. Because I knew she understood me, even if no one else did at the moment. I'm 17 now. I may not be popular, but I do have friends. I still talk to Samantha Darko sometimes. I'm not very close to her because I feel guilty that I have this closure about her brother's death that she does not. I could never tell her what I know; she would never believe me anyway. I'm still fat. I'm still awkward. But I no longer care. I know that someday I will meet people who love me for what matters, and that everything will be better like Donnie said. I doubt I'll find those things while I'm still in high school, but I know it will happen in the near future. I know this because I once knew a boy who cared so deeply that he was willing to sacrifice his life for others. He barely knew me, yet he saved me. Donnie Darko has changed my life more than words can ever express. So I'm obligated to live a long happy life to make his sacrifice meaningful. Love always, Cherita Chen ","Summary":" Summary: No one ever thought twice about Chinese Middlesex student, Cherita Chen. But Donnie Darko "},{"Movie":"Donnie Darko","Title":"Dark, Darkest, Darko","Author":"EmeraldGreen4Life","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6090795","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dark hair, On a dark boy, A sharp axe, As his sharp toy, A lovely girl, For his lovely lips, A pale hand, On her pale hips, A tall rabbit, With a tall order, A broken heart, With a broken border. ","Summary":" Dark hair, On a dark boy, A sharp axe, As his sharp toy, A lovely girl, For his lovely lips, A pale"},{"Movie":"Donnie Darko","Title":"Deadly Premonition","Author":"Sam Kersey","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8780344","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Donnie drifts away from reality during English class, and rapidly becomes immersed within a dark epiphany, which reveals to him the devastating truth of his future as the Living Receiver. A/N : My family and my fanbase, this is sincerely dedicated to you. Thank you so much for your invaluable support and ideas. Throughout the writing process you were all, collectively, on my heart and mind. You are truly the inspiration for all of this. I have been hoping for over a year to create a story that explains some of the narrative of Richard Kelly's original film, which, whilst brilliant, is renowned for being incredibly complex. Hopefully, my side plot will help to build some all-important context into the beautiful, yet bizarre universe of Donnie Darko. Enjoy. _ Click. Click. Click. As the sound of the second hand began to register in Donnie's mind, it became apparent that his concentration had failed him once more. In fact, concentration was rapidly becoming the wrong word for his frequent losses of contact with the real world around him. It really wasn't Mrs Pomeroy's class that was causing his mind to drift away (since he found her book studies surprisingly engaging), rather the fault of his strange connection with a parallel universe that transcended reality. Fleeting snippets of thought, of science, of cause and effect, ran through his complicated young mind. Donnie observed them carefully from the outside, unable to process them simultaneously. Careful attention was devoted to dreams of a stable family, a brand new bicycle, and even of a better America, a world in his head where corruption, greed, and prejudice didn't exist. Most of all, he dreamed of time spent with Gretchen, falling deeper in love with this strange, enigmatic beauty the more his mind paid attention to her. Captured by the depth of his own imagination, Donnie settled into an unfamiliar state of complete calm. That made for a pleasant change, he thought. Positivity never came so easily for an awkward teenager who seemed to stick out like a sore thumb from the rest of society. Doctor Thurman's voice snapped abruptly into his mind, labelling him paranoid schizophrenic . But what did she know anyway? She'd never popped one of her ******* placebos, or woken up in the middle of her dad's favourite golf course with the date of the end of the world scrawled all up her arm.. She'd never spoken with Frank. The first domino on the track had been pushed. Twisting, lurching; everything was crumbling, shaking, falling apart as the room swung violently out of control. Donnie's frame remained perfectly still amidst the surrounding chaos. The thumping echo of reality collapsing in upon itself was truly deafening. The bright lights of the classroom admitted a devastating defeat as blackness cascaded loudly upon Donnie. A familiar silhouette presented itself before him.. \"If your lack of action continues to persist, then time in itself may cease to exist.\" Frank's voice possessed a chilling subtlety, far quieter than the background roar of pandemonium beside him. Donnie attempted to reply, yet the apparition had already slipped away into the darkness. He felt sick to his stomach, the weight of the whole world bearing right down onto his shoulders. Perhaps the force of the task at hand had broken him. Certainly, it wasn't every day that a teenager was expected to send a corrupted parallel universe away in order to save humanity from impending doom. Of all people chosen to unravel this sickening mess it had to be him, didn't it? Forced to resolve a problem that threatened Earth's existence, under the instructions of an oversize bunny rabbit. Typical! It all fell down to him. Donnie Darko; bullies' favourite victim. Human punchbag . And yet..somehow.. The Living Receiver. It simply didn't piece together; seemed so incredibly surreal. How could someone dubbed by society as so useless, such a waste of space, be expected to save the very people that had mercilessly ridiculed him and put him down throughout his lifetime? Inspired out of nowhere, the realisation hit him like a ton of bricks. Donnie required something more than simply himself to return the artefact and put the tangent universe right. Divine Intervention, whatever that may be, was definitely required. Crackle. \"The tangent universe is corrupting the world as you know it, Donnie. It is down to you as the Living Receiver to return the artefact. Fate is being gentle; kind with you. The artefact is all that it requires.\" Crackle. Just like that, Frank had penetrated Donnie's mind, coming and going in an instant. Disturbed by another of Frank's unusually brief visits, Donnie struggled to shake himself awake, straining to escape from the torturous burden of responsibility that his conscience had ensnared him with. It didn't work. .Top notch, in fact. Donnie offered Frank a wealth of sarcastic congratulations for trapping him in his own head. Bravo, Frank. He'd probably like that. Clearly, Frank's sense of humour was of a more sickening variety than Donnie could have ever imagined. Escaping the situation was no use. His brain feeling as if it was going to haemorrhage from pure exhaustion , Donnie realised the fact that had to face the music. Grasp his great power, and even greater responsibility, and run with it, not looking back for a second. He had to truly believe the myths of \"The Philosophy of Time Travel\", and trust the true madness of Grandma Death, who had told him what to do. Then, only then, could his existence emerge from its current state of disaccord. In that moment, as Donnie choked on the musky warmth of the darkness in which he was engulfed, he realised that it was time to fulfil the old bat's wild prophecy: 'The Philosophy of Time Travel The Living Receiver is to return the jet engine that falls from the sky, and travel backwards through time to fix the corruption that will give birth to the Tangent Universe, the very entity that will threaten to annihilate existence itself' Suddenly, the brisk winter air from the classroom began to return to his lungs. Donnie gasped for breath and pushed himself off the ground. He felt arms hoisting him up and dragging his feet out of the lesson, down the school corridors. The brisk voice of the school nurse began ringing around his ears, and Donnie began to realise that the world he was returning to might just be tougher than the prison of his own mind. In either version of his existence, there was no remorse, and no escape. As reality began to flash once more before Donnie's eyes, the brightness of it burning his eyes, a final, crippling realisation came before him. The truth was brutal. Awful. Yet it had to be done, however much the sense of obligation tore him apart. If for no one else, for her. The one person he truly cared for, and would happily die to save. Not the girl of his dreams, no, the girl of his realities. Click. Click. Click. The second hand of the clock urged him on. It was time for Donnie to find Grandma Death, and put a definitive end to this madness. \"Not so fast, Donnie. Are you not aware? You are not the only one who is to be sacrificed. Another life must end - that of the one whom you love the most.\" Surely not.. Gretchen? To be continued ","Summary":" Donnie drifts away from reality during English class, and rapidly becomes immersed within a dark ep"},{"Movie":"Donnie Darko","Title":"A riddle of character  Donnie Darko","Author":"JaneXme","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7587761","Passage":"[Chapter 1] These riddles (the others are on my profile (duh)) are meant to be read all bundled up on a page by friends at school, where there are no hints provided by a category in which they belong. On fanfiction, were everything must be categorised, there is not much fun in guessing and cracking your brains for them. These are just for fun. Disclaimer: I do not own Donnie Darko, Donnie himself, a giant bunny rabbit, hungry Hungry Hippos, a therapist, a time-traveling device, an engine from a plane, or anything else related. I was told to come out of bed The world ends within a month Timetravel is possible I died wearing a smile ","Summary":" These riddles (the others are on my profile (duh)) are meant to be read all bundled up on a page by"},{"Movie":"Donnie Darko","Title":"Donnie's One Day","Author":"Madelight","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6938553","Passage":"[Chapter 1] [...] Notre monde n'est pas tout l'univers. Peut-être y a-t-il un endroit où le Christ n'est pas mort. [...] Ce qu'on ne voit pas, on peut l'ignorer. - La Puissance et la Gloire , Graham Greene - On ne peut pas toujours trouver des raisons à toutes nos actions. En fait, la plupart du temps, nos actions ne sont conduites que par le hasard, l'instant : toutes ces choses ne sont en fait qu'un grand fil qui nous est invisible. Elles se relient entre elles, parfois de manière étrange, parfois spectaculairement bien. D'autres fois, elles créent des troubles et même des évènements très déplaisants dans la vie des gens. En fait, elles peuvent être ce fil, celui tendu juste devant vos pieds, celui qui vous fera tomber. Mais… ce fil peut également être celui qui recoud votre coude alors que vous vous êtes blessé, tout en tombant à cause de lui. Encore une fois, il peut vous relever et vous guider, vous manipuler comme une marionnette afin de vous faire faire le meilleur ou bien le pire. Il est celui qui vous pend, celui qui vous étreint, celui qui vous retient, celui que vous croyez rompre à chaque éclat de rire ou sensation de vie intense. C'est lui qui offre cette délicieuse illusion vous détrompant de la vacuité de la vie, de son manque de sens pourtant évident. C'est une sorte de paratonnerre, image sèche et floue d'un paradis écorné : carte postale aimantée sur le frigo désespérément ronronnant de la cuisine. Donnie mâchonnait ses céréales, les yeux dans le vide. Qu'est-ce qu'était la vérité ? Il n'en savait rien. Il n'avait jamais atteint quelque état aussi paroxysmique. Il était loin de tout ça, en fait, bien trop loin. Les céréales devenaient de plus en plus molles dans sa bouche mais une boule de golf semblait comme lui entraver la gorge. Sa mâchoire perdait toute conviction dans son travail de mastication... Ses doigts s'écartèrent même, laissant la cuillère retomber lourdement sur le plan de travail, éclaboussant nettement ce dernier de lait et de pétales de maïs détrempés. Les rayures du plateau en faux bois de la cuisine rayonnaient comme de brillants traits de soleils hachés, répandus en tas et consolidés dans une surface maronnée et lisse, agréable au toucher. Donnie laissa la pulpe de ses doigts effleurer le matériau sans vraiment le sentir. Il regardait chaque minuscule particule de ce dernier, absorbé par ce qui se cachait vraiment derrière ce bout de plastique au travail grossier. Quelque succursale dans une ville voisine, succursale d'une grande entreprise dont des équipes devaient se réunir afin de déterminer comment s'arrangerait leur prochain plateau dans leur prochaine cuisine. A côté, il n'y avait qu'un bocal rempli de noix concassées : comme des cratères d'une surface inégalement symétrique, brisée en quelques gros morceaux tordus. Non loin, sur le rebord de la fenêtre et dans la lumière magnifique du soleil matinal, les géraniums se réveillaient doucement. Ils portaient une belle couleur, comme s'ils avaient été pris en photo au bon moment et que rien ne viendrait plus jamais ternir leur image : alors leurs pétales tiraient un peu finalement vers le marron de l'automne, tout simplement par mélancolie, mais pourtant conservant la certitude que leur souvenir serait à jamais préservé. Donnie laissa sa tête s'enfouir dans ses bras : il sentait sous ces derniers quelques petites traces froides de lait et plusieurs bouts de céréales moites lui coller la peau. Ces derniers temps, il arrivait de moins en moins à dormir. Ce n'était pas faute d'essayer. En fait, il faisait vraiment tout pour être dans de parfaites conditions : il s'allongeait et se détendait, attendant le moment propice pour penser à fermer les yeux. Le sommeil était une créature craintive, très dure à capturer. Encore plus dure à apprivoiser. Le tout était donc de réunir les conditions idéales afin de se donner une chance de pouvoir ne serait-ce que l'apercevoir dans la faune hostile qu'était le monde. De plus, sa chambre était un vrai piège, aucun être vivant ne se serait risqué à y pénétrer. Sauf lui, puisque lui étant attribué, il ne pouvait refuser ce qui était finalement son seul lieu d'isolement. La solitude était une condition nécessaire à sa survie, tout comme ce besoin immuable de toujours savoir qu'il trouverait quelqu'un non loin, comme pour être sûr de ne jamais être vraiment seul. Donnie Darko était quelqu'un de contradictoire, de paradoxal, mais somme toute quelqu'un d'assez exceptionnel. On ne passait pas suffisamment de temps à le lui faire savoir. En vérité, la plupart des instants que les gens passaient avec lui leur inspiraient une franche incrédulité et parfois même un semblant de crainte et d'angoisse. Il était rassemblé chez ce garçon tout ce qui pouvait gêner dans la race humaine : la spontanéité parfois trop présente, le silence gênant, les regards trop intenses et profonds, les mots mal choisis et les discussions constamment dirigées vers des sujets insolites. Toutes ces choses le rendaient marginal et le séparaient des autres d'une manière désagréable et lassante. Mais que pouvait-on y faire ? Pas grand chose à l'en croire. Il s'en moquait tant, il ne s'en moquait pas assez, plus assez, mais bien trop à la fois, finalement. Alors il patientait comme toujours, et cela le conduisait comme tous les matins, après avoir passé chaque nuit à s'interroger sur la raison de son existence en contemplant le plafond, à lui faire enfouir sa tête au creux de ses bras, comme s'il plongeait au fond du terrier du lapin blanc pour y trouver une quelconque réponse. Mais qu'y avait-il sinon quelques racines tordues et humides, au fond d'un fossé creux puant le rongeur malade ? Pas grand chose : rien, en fait. Et il redressait sa tête, les yeux semi-ouverts ou fermés, et il regardait le goutte à goutte de la tête du robinet de la cuisine. Il contemplait le ballet des perles transparentes sans vraiment le voir : absorbé, fasciné mais pas vraiment par ce qu'il voyait, mais plutôt par ce qui se passait réellement : les gouttes de l'évier remontait dans le robinet, ce n'était pas une chose courante. Comme si le temps remontait, chacune d'entre elles venait pénétrer à nouveau le conduit, comme rappelée par ce dernier, et elles devaient retourner à l'état de flaque dans le monde, peut-être. Comment se pouvait-il que les gouttes remontent ? Un vrai mystère. Il se redressa davantage sur son haut tabouret, enfouissant sa main dans ses cheveux de jais : ses yeux se fermèrent et il soupira lourdement. Peut-être était-il en train de rêver. Cela était une solution logique et envisageable. Peut-être était-il toujours entre ses bras, la bave émergeant à la commissure de ses lèvres, plongé dans cette illusion si réaliste. Ce qui semblait le plus incompréhensible, c'est qu'il n'arrivait jamais à dormir la nuit mais que toujours sa fatigue le rattrapait en plein milieu de la journée : comme si sa rigueur cérébrale lui interdisait tout échappatoire nocturne. Que pouvait-il bien lui arriver, dans l'obscurité... ? On ne peut jamais être sûr de rien, les ombres sont trompeuses : elles vous avalent et vous abîment. Il n'en reste plus rien, sinon l'encre corbeau qu'elles trainent avec elles : marée profonde, dangereuse et tourmentée. Donnie Quelqu'un l'appelait, au loin. Il était trop épuisé pour y répondre toutefois. - Donnie ! Réveille-toi, bon sang, tu dors dans ton lait ! Il ouvrit les yeux en sursaut : sa joue baignait effectivement dans le lait de son bol renversé. Il se redressa : sa joue gouttait et le liquide blanc vint s'introduire jusque dans sa chemise. Il n'avait pas le temps d'en changer alors il se rinça la joue avec flegme et s'essuya sans trop y faire attention. Sa main attrapa son sac au vol et il sortit de chez lui, sa mère l'interpella de sa voiture : - Viens, je t'amène à l'arrêt de bus ! Sam est déjà partie. Il grimpa dans l'automobile sans répondre, étalant ses longues jambes sur le tableau de bord sous l'œil un peu désapprobateur de sa mère. - Tu ne dors pas, la nuit ou bien... ? Pour t'endormir ainsi dans la cuisine, dans ton bol. Il ne répondit toujours pas et descendit de la voiture, quelques mètres avant l'arrêt de bus. D'autres élèves patientaient dont Cherita Chen, Ronald Fisher et Sean Smith. Évidemment Samantha était là, avec sa petite copine dont il ignorait le nom et s'en moquait à tout dire éperdument. Cherita le regarda comme d'habitude avec des yeux emplis d'appréhension et Donnie ne put s'empêcher de la fixer jusqu'à ce qu'elle détourne le regard. Ronald lui tendit une cigarette, comme d'habitude, et il l'attrapa et la coinça dans sa bouche. Cherita regarda son manège avec une sorte de lueur curieuse dans les prunelles. Comme à l'accoutumée, elle se fit charrier par les deux autres. Le bus scolaire finit par arriver au lycée : le trajet avait été plutôt laborieux. Donnie s'asseyait toujours près de la fenêtre et personne ne venait habituellement le déranger : en fait, il y avait plutôt pas mal de places libres dans le car qui faisait le tour sud. Et puis, puisqu'il ne parlait qu'à ses copains et n'était lui-même pas très sociable, les autres élèves ne s'enquerraient pas vraiment de venir lui faire la conversation. Pourtant, cette fois-ci, quelqu'un s'était assis à ses côtés. Alors il s'était tourné vers l'inconnu, ayant préalablement senti la banquette bouger… C'était un garçon paraissant un peu plus âgé que lui : les cheveux bruns et cuivrés. Il regardait par la fenêtre, passant complètement outre son voisin de droite : Donnie. Ses yeux d'un vert tremblotant et délavé semblaient perdus dans le vague et on ne pouvait y apercevoir aucun reflet de la route : comme s'il ne regardait tout simplement pas dans sa direction. Mais ce n'était pas ça qui avait véritablement attiré l'œil de Donnie : sa lèvre supérieure paraissait avoir… un problème. Elle se recourbait sur le haut et les veines autour ressortaient d'une manière anormale : on aurait dit qu'il avait été brûlé. Une pareille trace lui mangeait le visage, pourtant d'un aspect des plus normaux si l'on ne considérait qu'un seul de ses profils. Le garçon finit par le regarder à son tour, probablement curieux –bien qu'habitué- de se faire dévisager de la sorte. Leurs yeux se confrontèrent sans hostilité pendant quelques instants jusqu'à ce qu'il finisse par prendre la parole. - Je m'appelle Scobie. Scobie O'Ferall. Sa voix résonna comme hors du temps : elle était grave, mais son intonation semblait lointaine et comme affaiblie par des années de silence. - Donnie Darko, répondit-il simplement en lui tendant sa main. L'autre contempla les doigts qu'il lui tendait sans expression : il n'esquissa aucun geste et Donnie finit par rabaisser sa main. - Je sais qui tu es, répondit le désigné Scobie. Je sais ce que tu vas faire . Donnie le regarda, à la fois hagard et intéressé. Il ne pouvait s'empêcher de fixer sa cicatrice et cette dernière se mouvait d'une manière étrange et dérangeante, attirant toujours davantage son regard. La peau tremblotait, à la manière d'insectes fourmillant sous sa peau. Elle flottait même parfois, comme un tissu de drapeau beige qu'on aurait offert au vent. - Tu es… Sa voix devint inaudible : ses lèvres bougeaient et on entendait un son étouffé provenir de nulle-part. Ses yeux le dévisageaient, comme s'il essayait par tous les moyens de lui communiquer quelque chose d'important. Mais Donnie cligna des yeux et son interlocuteur avait proprement disparu. Quelqu'un lui tapotait l'épaule sans grande douceur. - Eh, mec. On est arrivés. Qu'est-ce que tu fous…? marmonna Sean, apparemment penaud. Donnie le dévisagea, complètement perdu. - Je m'étais juste endormi. - T'as parlé, l'informa son ami avant de quitter le car et de l'attendre devant en compagnie de Ronald. Le lycéen se redressa et finit par quitter le siège du bus pour arpenter son minuscule couloir. Il se prit quelques devants de sièges en essayant de sortir rapidement du véhicule, encore somnolent. Cela devenait pire : il avait réellement l'impression de ne pas s'être endormi. Pire. De ne pas s'être réveillé. En vérité, Scobie s'était juste volatilisé devant ses yeux, laissant place à un Sean mal-à-l'aise. Mais rien d'autre n'avait pu indiquer qu'il n'avait s'agit que d'un rêve. - Dites… Personne ne s'est assis à côté de moi… ? Pendant que je dormais ?, s'enquit prudemment Donnie en choisissant ses mots. - Nope, je crois pas, répondit légèrement Ronald en reluquant une fille de seconde grimpant les escaliers du lycée juste devant eux. Donnie soupira et ferma les yeux, las. C'est ainsi qu'il trébucha et s'étala de tout son long dans les escaliers, attrapant en dernier recours la jupe de la jeune-fille justement devant lui. Le vêtement lui resta dans ses mains et quitta la taille de la lycéenne qui se mit à piailler aussitôt. Le nez éclaté contre la marche, Donnie essayait de se re-situer. Mauvaise idée que de fermer les yeux en plein escalier, mauvaise idée . A ses côtés, si ses amis avaient d'abord éclaté de rire, comme tous les autres lycéens des alentours, ils étaient à présent accroupis à ses côtés, l'air paniqués. - Ça va, Donn' ? Le visage très douloureux, il ne préféra pas répondre et garda les yeux fermés. S'il se relevait alors tout le monde saurait qu'il avait trébuché. Pire, ils se moqueraient de lui. Mieux valait faire croire qu'il s'était évanoui. Il resta donc inerte et muet, comme s'il voulait s'endormir dans les escaliers sur lesquels ses membres se disséminaient pitoyablement. D'ailleurs, la douleur finirait par l'assoupir : la douleur le faisait toujours. C'est comme ça que les gens mourraient. Autour, les gens commençaient à présent à paniquer : des filles se mirent à crier et des garçons à parler assez fort. Quelqu'un vint retourner doucement son corps relâché et le porta à l'intérieur du bâtiment en grande hâte. - Donald, fils ! Vous m'entendez ? Donald ? Ce devait être un des profs de sport, Mr. Fenwick. Il n'en ratait pas une pour paraitre un héros, et ce malgré le fait qu'il détestait proprement les élèves comme Donnie Darko, tout juste bons à s'asseoir sur le banc de touche. - Je suis là, finit par murmurer Donnie, faisant s'arrêter le professeur afin qu'il le laisse marcher de son propre chef. Je n'ai pas besoin d'aller à l'infirmerie, j'ai juste eu une absence. Je n'ai pas eu le temps de manger ce matin…, expliqua-t-il sans articuler. L'homme lui lança un regard des plus réprobateurs. Son nez saignait et restait très douloureux : il y porta sa main et la contempla : il n'avait fait qu'inonder sa chemise d'un liquide vermeil poisseux. - Je vais aller moi-même à l'infirmerie dans ce cas, merci de m'avoir accompagné jusque là, finit-il par dire avant de se débarrasser de l'emprise du professeur sur ses épaules. D'autres adultes derrière protestèrent mais Donnie quitta le couloir. Ce n'est que lorsqu'il sortit de l'enceinte scolaire qu'il remarqua qu'il avait toujours la jupe de la fille dans les mains. Il sourit bêtement et se dirigea vers chez lui sans se presser… - Qu'as-tu au nez, Donnie ? - Je suis tombé dans les escaliers, simple maladresse. - Tu fais encore ce rêve ? - Lequel ? - Celui où tu remontes le temps grâce aux objets. Donnie se renfonça dans le divan. - Je l'ai fait ce matin. Peu après, quelqu'un m'est apparu. - Qui donc ? - Scobie O'Ferall - Qui est-ce ? - Je ne sais pas. Mais lui sait qui je suis. Il m'a dit qu'il le savait . Et il allait me dire qui j'étais jusqu'au moment où je n'ai plus réussi à l'entendre… Comme si une barrière m'empêcher d'accéder à ses mots, à son savoir. Donnie s'avança sur le rebord. - Et était-il amical ? - Pas trop. Indifférent, je pense. - A quoi ressemblait-il ? - Il avait les cheveux bruns, acajous et des yeux noisette… vert. Et cette cicatrice au dessus de la bouche. Comme si quelqu'un l'avait brûlé. - Pourquoi, \"quelqu'un\" ? - Voyons, Dr. Thurman, pourquoi se serait-il infligé ça tout seul ? La femme le dévisagea longuement. Il recula dans les coussins. - Pourquoi quelqu'un lui aurait fait ça ? Peut-être était-ce un défaut de naissance ? - Non, quelqu'un lui a fait. Je le sais. Il recula davantage. - C'était la première fois que tu le voyais ?, s'enquit-elle pour couper court. - Oui. - Crois-tu que tu vas le revoir ? - Je n'en sais rien. Rien n'est jamais sûr. Cela dépend s'il est important ou non, j'imagine. - Aimerais-tu le revoir ? - Pas vraiment. Sa présence est un signe de démence, non ? - Les hallucinations ne sont pas signe de démence, Donnie. Cela se rapproche plutôt de la psychose… Peut-être que cela est dû à ton sommeil… Nous n'avons pas d'idée… - …-claire à ce propos, termina-t-il la voix sèche. Quelle est la différence entre le dément et le psychotique dans ce monde ? Les gens n'ont pas tous des doctorats de psychiatrie… - Tu n'es pas fou, Donnie. - C'est vous qui le dites, Lilian. Mais les gens , les gens se font toujours une idée légère et mauvaise des personnes comme moi. Ils ne savent pas, ils regardent de loin et tirent des conclusions erronées. Il tapa du pied nerveusement. - Qu'as-tu pensé de lui, au-delà de son apparence physique ? - Qu'il était peut-être comme moi. Il avait un regard comme le mien, comme si moi-même je n'étais qu'une illusion, qu'à tout moment il s'attendait à me voir disparaitre. - Tu as ressenti une sorte de connexion entre vous ? Sa semelle battait le sol de plus en plus vite. - Je n'en sais rien. Je ne sais juste pas comment il me connait : je ne l'ai pourtant jamais vu. - Donnie, détends-toi, tenta la psychiatre. - Peut-être que nous sommes liés, d'une manière ou d'une autre. J'ai déjà pensé à ça… Peut-être que mes hallucinations ne sont que des liaisons vers d'autres personnes… Il semblait avoir perdu toute connexion avec la réalité. - Tu penses que ceux qui comme toi ont des hallucinations développent une sorte de réseau cérébral ? - Et pourquoi pas ? Pour palier à la solitude que nous inflige la réalité !, s'écria-t-il soudain en se levant brusquement, envoyant valser une lampe sur le sol. - Calme-toi, murmura stoïquement le docteur. - Vous l'avez déjà dit. Je m'en vais. Donnie claqua la porte derrière lui. - Tu te fais tabasser, maintenant ? - Ta gueule, Elizabeth… Elle ricana et déguerpit. Allongé dans l'entrée, sous le lustre, Donnie contemplait les reflets du soleil sur les cristaux suspendus. Comme des perles saillantes : des gouttes en suspension dans l'air autour de sphères de verre soufflé. Elles faisaient miroiter sur les murs des reflets impossibles aux contours invisibles : de petites tâches de lumière perdues sur les murs rayés du hall, se cherchant entre elles à chaque fois que Donnie perturbait leur ordre en y lançant doucement la balle du chien du voisin. Des bruits d'entre-chocs doux et fragiles, répandus en kyrielles de petits cliquetis apaisants, comme des carillons… Et puis soudain, après avoir tourné autour de lui comme de gigantesques pendules, les lourdes perles s'immobilisaient à nouveau. Quelques grosses gouttes vinrent alors s'écraser sur son visage. Il pleuvait littéralement dans la maison : rien d'inquiétant. Il leva le bras vers le lustre et le liquide vint bientôt envelopper son bras : ses yeux se troublèrent significativement, noyés dans l'insistance qu'avaient les globules d'eau à perler son visage. Son deuxième bras se dressa symétriquement à l'autre et ses paumes tentèrent de freiner le flot qui à présent l'inondait : les gouttes devenaient des flaques projetées… Il pénétrait chacune des barrières d'eau sans difficulté mais avec la conviction de plus en plus irrécusable que s'enfoncer à ce point dans l'illusion l'endommageait au plus profond de lui-même. Je sais qui tu es. Je sais ce que tu vas faire. - Qui es-tu ? Tu es. Tout se mit à trembler violemment aux alentours : Donnie se redressa avec précipitation et bascula sur le côté. Lorsqu'il reprit ses esprits, le lustre était écrasé là où il se tenait quelques secondes auparavant… - Quelle idée ! Sam t'a vue envoyer la balle dedans. Sans compter que le raccrocher va être très compliqué, tu aurais pu te tuer. Donnie soupira et avala ses cachets. - Ce n'est pas moi. Cette phrase, on ne l'avait plus entendue depuis des siècles dans cette maison : ses parents se pétrifièrent comme ils avaient eu l'habitude de le faire. Ils ne dirent rien cependant… La psy s'en chargerait. Ils n'étaient pas qualifiés pour gérer cette part de leur fils. Ils ne le pouvaient tout simplement pas : c'était de la pure et simple inaptitude que ne pouvait contrebalancer leur amour pour lui… L'impuissance était vraiment la chose la plus désagréable à vivre. C'est ce que se dit Rosie Darko en lançant le lavage du lave-vaisselle, la mine contrariée. Savait-il à quel point il était aimé ? Probablement pas. Comme tous les soirs, Donnie essayait de dormir. La tête enfoncée dans l'oreiller, le regard fixe sur sa fenêtre et les branches au dehors. Ses membres étaient tous relâchés, il y avait veillé… Il avait calmé chacun de ses muscles et détendu la moindre de ses articulations : il ne restait plus aucune tension dans son corps… Seul son esprit n'était apaisé. Ses yeux étaient une partie de lui qui ne se fatiguait jamais, messagers trompeurs qui le bernaient : il ne savait pas quand il rêvait ou non. Comment différencier le faux du vrai, le rêve de la réalité alors que les deux sont si semblables : quand ils se cachent l'un dans l'autre et se disséminent en séquences dans l'esprit, uniquement pour mieux le perdre. Et lorsqu'ils se confondent enfin et que dans le décor du réel s'improvisent les scènes du chaos, alors… Comment émerger des vagues qui vous submergent ? On devient le témoin passif de notre propre noyade. Tout… Donnie souleva un peu la tête, laissant passer l'air entre sa tempe, son oreille et l'oreiller. Il la laissa doucement retomber, accueillie par le moelleux assemblage de plumes siégeant toujours dessous… Comment faire pour juste cesser de penser ? Oublier les questions, c'est oublier de chercher les réponses. Oublier tout cela, oublier d'être : ne plus agir, se cacher dans un coin et s'éviter les blessures du monde… A quoi bon ? Pourtant, Donnie Darko souhaitait vivre. Quelque chose lui disait qu'en plus, il se devait de rester ici. Il aurait pourtant juste aimé avoir des réponses, aussi terrifiantes soient-elles. Tout est une question de fil. On ne peut pas toujours se marteler d'énigmes : cela fatigue et affaiblit l'esprit, offrant aux affres du néant la manipulation des tristesses et lassitudes de l'âme. Mais cesser de se poser des questions, c'est renier ce qui fait de nous ce que nous sommes : le grand mystère de l'univers. Nous sommes notre propre et vrai problème. Les trois foutus petits points et la courbe des tourments, scellée par l'encre du Vaste. Donc, on agira toujours : on cherchera toujours. Car celui qui cesse de chercher a finalement trouvé ce qui transcende la réponse. Il s'est trouvé lui-même… et il a trouvé sa place ici-bas : peu importera alors la raison de sa présence puisqu'elle possèdera elle-même l'évidence d'être juste. Tu es… - Je suis. Ou bien je suis… ? Le temps fera son œuvre. Patiente, Donnie Darko. Tout est déjà en marche. Ta place est ici, voilà pourquoi tu te sens si mal dans ce lit. Que chaque nuit tu cherches à t'en évader. Tu as une si grande perception et appréhension du monde que tu lui fais fuir ce qui ne lui est pas encore arrivé. Mais personne ne te veut du mal : tu es celui qui peut le mieux comprendre tout cela. Enfant de la prescience et de la protection, Fais de ton mieux. Je te promets qu'un jour, tout ira mieux pour toi. ","Summary":" [...] Notre monde n'est pas tout l'univers. Peut-être y a-t-il un endroit où le Christ n'est pas mo"},{"Movie":"Donnie Darko","Title":"Reminiscence","Author":"waychester","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7868332","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I'm not even going to explain this. ..But for those of my readers who have read some of my other stories, and are anticipating the next chapter in a certain story that is long overdue, I am going to tell you this: it is on it's way. I just recovered from writer's block and this is absolutely the only thing that I was able to write. Donnie Darko belongs to Richard Kelly. His eyes were vacant, his smile nothing but a peculiar echo upon his lips. The sky danced a tantalizing pattern before him, clouds swirling dangerously, everything appearing as a blur, etched against a sky that had once been so pristinely blue not only a few days earlier. The boy sat there atop the hood of a run-down automobile, electric blue orbs gazing out upon the mysteriously looming storm, and he wondered absently: would he ever see the sky so blue again, as it once was? And when the truth hit him, he had to clamp his teeth down onto his lower lip in order to bite back a sardonic sort of laugh, expression bordering on almost unsettlingly calm, and yet at the same time, sickeningly amused. No , he thought derisively, I won't. Though, he had to admit, this wasn't such a bad view either. As the sky continued to simmer and bleed, torrents of obsidian mist pouring from its newly opened wound, the boy couldn't help but think how terribly beautiful such a sight was. The sky was slowly becoming tainted by the shadows, folding in upon itself and consuming everything within its path, and yet he could only sit and speculate on how ominously gorgeous the world looked as it was being torn apart; intimidating tufts of smoky black, frantically moving towards each other, twisting and turning, dancing… waltzing .. The end of the world had never looked more beautiful. At this moment, the boy wanted to laugh, wanted to smile, wanted to scream towards the heavens and sob his heart out simultaneously. Though for some strange reason, he found he could do nothing but look out upon the sky with a blank expression. Maybe there was just too much for him to feel. Maybe he was numb. Maybe all of that shock and turmoil he had felt from the past 28 days had fermented and settled into an almost eerie sort of calm by this point…And maybe it didn't even matter at all. What was the use of sorting out his emotions now, anyway? The boy almost scoffed at the thought. Emotions didn't hold much significance any longer. Not when he had already quite clearly fallen into the Ensurance Trap. Not when his path was so meticulously set. As the Living Receiver, he had come to the understanding that there really was no other choice for him than to do what simply had to be done. Quite bluntly put, he had to construct a time portal out of water, use telekinesis to tear the jet engine off of the very plane in which his mother and sister traveled, and send the Artifact- this 'jet engine'- back in time to the day the Tangent Universe had first been created. …Easy, right? …Right. Admittedly, it actually wouldn't be too difficult for the boy to do such a thing. As the Living Receiver, he was granted such staggering powers, powers that allowed him to complete the aforementioned tasks easily, effortlessly, even. But that didn't mean he wanted to. …What? Hadn't anyone ever considered that? Well, it was the truth. Though, it wasn't that he wanted to watch the world burn. It wasn't that he wanted to watch the whole universe become deconstructed before his eyes, laughing scornfully in the face of God all the while. No, that wasn't the case at all. The fact of the matter was…he was afraid. Ha. Fear. What a petty thing. What was he afraid of? Death, of course. What sensible person (not to say that he was really considered 'sensible', but that was beside the point) wouldn't be? Despite the fact that he knew it was the right thing, that if he didn't…do what he had to do once he was sent back to the Primary Universe everything would be sent into a continuous loop…he was still afraid. Because…because he was alone. Every living creature on this earth dies alone. It was at that moment that the boy realized the truth to that statement. Once again, he had to reign in another bout of laughter. Alone. He had always been alone. Well…no matter it all now. Was there a choice? No. There wasn't. There was no use dwelling on senseless emotions that wouldn't really matter in the next couple of minutes either way. Besides….how could one be afraid of what was already bound to happen? Why fear something that was destiny? There was no denying its existence either way, so why fear it if you knew it was going to happen? What was the point? It was simply a waste of time. Then again, human emotion was irrational. Complex. And didn't quite make much sense. ….He would know. He was a human. …And now he was just rambling within his thoughts. Contemplating emotion. Crap. He had hoped to avoid doing that. Yet... even so, even considering all of this, the boy did not yet take any sudden action. He did not begin 'constructing the portal', did not say or do a single thing. He simply lingered there for a moment, gazing almost thoughtfully out upon the bleeding sky and just… watched. Watched the world fall apart. …It was funny. The boy had never once noticed how absolutely beautiful the world was until now. Not until it was ending. And after studying the scene for longer than he probably should have, he took a deep, shuddering breath, and closed his eyes. He couldn't afford to break down. Not when the world itself was already doing that. Subsequently, the boy with the sapphire eyes made the first sign of movement he had in quite some time. He eased himself off of the car's hood, bounding down onto his feet in one swift movement and edging over towards the driver's side of the car. And as he hopped in, and caught a glimpse of the unresponsive body of the girl he once loved lying limp and lifeless in the passenger side of the car, he smiled. Donnie Darko smiled. Closed his eyes. And prepared himself to stitch the world back together again. A/N: Short and pointless. Thanks for reading, if ya did. Chapter one of Sonrisa is on it's way guys, I promise. ;; ","Summary":" A/N: I'm not even going to explain this. ..But for those of my readers who have read some of my oth"},{"Movie":"Donnie Darko","Title":"The end is near","Author":"Foxforth","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5924000","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A boy sat on the hood of a busted up car, staring out at what was upon him. His eyes were glazed over. His mouth echoed a crooked smile. A tornado whirled through the sky in front of him, sending Grey wispy clouds around and around. Mountains a green dirty color. Birds did not sing, passing cars did not screech for pedestrians, children did not play games. It was silent, as if sound was just a figment of his imagination. But it was broken, by the twisted sound of out-of-place laughter. In that second, the world stopped spinning altogether, time stood still and waitied. For boy realized that he was mistaken. And that it was right - every living creature does die alone. ","Summary":" A boy sat on the hood of a busted up car, staring out at what was upon him. His eyes were glazed ov"},{"Movie":"Donnie Darko","Title":"Con ojos de conejo","Author":"JustDanny","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6028645","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: nada de esto es, por suerte o por desgracia, mío. Notas : eh, sí, esto es más corto de la cuenta. Qué le vamos a hacer. Pero me hacía ilusión esto de subirlo, a ver si lo lee alguien. Con ojos de conejo Y oh, Dios, qué has hecho, Frank, qué has hecho. Pero es culpa suya, por estar en el suelo, culpa suya porque no se ha movido, porque no se mueve, porque está muerta, mierda, coño, joder, Frank, joder. Tendría que haber frenado, tendrías que haber frenado, y a su lado el payaso lo repite, dice Frank Frank Frank qué es lo que has hecho. Mírala. Está muerta. No conoce al chico, mirada extraña y dolida y casi resignada, mueca aterradora porque quizás la ha visto antes, Frank. Quizás la ha visto, en algún lugar; aprieta la máscara de conejo, con la mano, como esperando que eso sirva de algo. Pero no. ¿Qué coño hacía ahí en medio? , se justifica, porque no es culpa tuya, Frank, no es culpa tuya; sólo ibas un poco borracho, un poquito de nada, y si ella se hubiese movido… Donny Darko saca la pistola, y Frank no sabe cómo lo sabe, que se llama así. Donny Darko, nombre de superhéroe, y quién dice que no lo sea, y levanta la pistola y aprieta el gatillo. Dolor en el ojo, en el cerebro, en el alma, y Frank no se sostiene; cae al suelo. Boquea. Se muere. Se muere. Danny ","Summary":" Disclaimer: nada de esto es, por suerte o por desgracia, mío. Notas : eh, sí, esto es más corto de "},{"Movie":"Oz the Great and Powerful","Title":"Oz the Great and Powerful: A Story of Three Witches","Author":"theo2106","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13203192","Passage":"[Chapter 1] There were about three hours that the queen was into her room. Finally, the door opened and a maid came out, with a big sewed with pearls blanket in her arms. Inside it was a beautiful baby. \"It is a girl, your Majesty\" the maid said. The king took his new-born daughter of her arms. \"She looks just like her mother\" he said, his voice husky of the emotion. The little princess opened her big brown eyes and looked at her father. She grinned and took his face into her small arms. Tears of joy were running in the cheeks of the king. \"Hello, my little one\" he said to his baby. He entered the room of his wife. She was tired but in her face was nothing that happiness. \"Just look at her\" her husband said. \"She's just like an angel\" \"Indeed\" he replied. \"How must we name her?\" \"Let me think... Why don't we name her Glinda?\" \"This is a beautiful name, just like her\" the king said. \"All you want will be yours\" they whispered to their baby. \"We promess your life will be nothing that happiness. While we're alive, no one is going to hurt you\" Glinda began to cry. \"I think she's hungry\" the queen said. \"I'll feed her, and then, we will present her to the people\" \"As you wish, my dear\" her husband replied. The queen held her baby in her chest. Some minutes after, she warped her in a beautiful rich-decorated blanket. \"Let's give them their princess\" she smiled. She and her husband went outside to their balcony and held their daughter in their arms. \"People of Oz, this is your Princess, Glinda!\" the king announced. The crowd began to cheer. Some people had worte in a white sheet \"welcome our princess!\" and had decorated it with beautiful roses. \"Long live princess Glinda!\" they shouted together. \"Long live the King! Long live the Queen!\" some other cheered. \"She will become the best Queen in the history of Oz\" the queen said. \"I am sure she will\" her husband agreed.[Chapter 2] The king and the queen went to the throne room. In there, were the royal advisor, Arthur with his wife, Sifa, and their three-year-old daughter, Evanora. She was a beautiful very slender girl with sparkling green eyes and dark brown hair. She ran to the queen, who was carrying her daughter in her arms. \"Oh, your Majesty, she is so beautiful!\" she exclaimed. \"Can I hold her in my arms, please? \" The queen smiled at Evanora's excitement. She liked a lot this clever girl. \"Okay, but be careful\" she smiled. Evanora took the baby in her arms. Glinda grapped her emerald green sleeve and played with it for a few minutes. Evanora was looking at her lovingly. \"She is so cute\" she said. \"I will take care of her as if she was my sister. \" \"We have complete faith on you, my dear\" the king said, amused. Evanora looked down, her cheeks reds of pleasure. She admired a lot the king and she was embarrassed when he was making her a compliment. \"I'll do my best your Majesty, I promise\" she said with respect. \"What is her name?\" \"We named her Glinda\" the queen replied. \"This suits her well! I am going to my room to find some toys to give her\" Evanora left the room, giggling. \"You have here a very graceful daughter, my dears \" the king said to Evanora's parents. \"And very smart, if I'm not mistaken. She is very mature for her age\" \"Yes, she is \" said Evanora's father with pride. \"We couldn't have a better daughter. I wish you the same happiness\" \"I'm back!\" Evanora claimed. In her arms were a lot of dolls and teddy bears for Glinda. \"Can we play in my room?\" she asked. \"Of course, but I will just send a maid there watching you in case you need help or Glinda gets hurt\" the queen said. \"Thank you! Come on, my little princess\" Their parents watched smilingly the two children go away.[Chapter 3] Seven years had passed. Glinda had grown and had become a beautiful blonde girl with features like a goddess's and voice like an angel's. Everyone loved her and praised her beauty and kindness, even if she was only seven years old. Evanora grew too. She was now nine years old. She was very tall for her age with dark brown hair, with whom she loved to test a lot of complicated hairstyles, one more beautiful than another. She loved ball gowns, jewels, and richness. She dreamt about a ball in which she would meet her only one, her soulmate. The only person who knew about her dreams was Glinda, her best friend. It was a cold winter's day. The young princess went into her friend's room. She found her in front of her emerald vanity, tying up her hair. \"Oh, Eva, you're really beautiful\" Glinda exclaimed. \"Thank you sweetie\" Evanora smiled. She loved the young princess as she would love her sister, if she ever had one. \"So, are you ready for your Ceremony? I can't wait! I still can't believe that you will start to use your powers! \" \"I don't know. I am a little stressed. What if I do some mistakes when I'll pronounce my wounds? \" Evanora said. \"You shouldn't worry about that, you are preparing yourself for a while. And you are having your Ceremony one year earlier because you're so clever! You'll be perfect as always\" her friend reassured her. \"Thank you Glinda. What would I become if it weren't you\" Evanora sighed, relieved. \"Don't worry, you know that I'll always be there for you\" said Glinda, hugging her. A maid knocked on Evanora's door. \"My Lady? Are you ready? Your Ceremony will begin in some hours\" she asked. \"I am coming! Just give me one minute\" Evanora threw a big velvet emerald curtain, who revealed a secret passage. \"Go, Glinda. Your parents might be looking for you\" \"Good luck, Eva. If you are stressed, you can look at me\" Glinda got out. \"Come in\" Evanora said. The maid entered the room. \"You look beautiful, my Lady\" the maid said. \"Should I help you dress? \" \"Yes, please. The dress I chose is a little hard to put on\" The maid took of a hanger a beautiful long dress. It had a beautiful emerald green colour with gold reflects. A long mantle was suspended in the dress shoulders. \"It is really beautiful. This is going to be a very memorable Ceremony, my Lady\" \"Thank you very much. Can you help me please?\" A few minutes after, she was ready. She put on her tiny feet emerald sleepers and she get out her room. She came outside the palace, in its enormous court. All the people of Oz was here. Glinda was in a platform, dressed with a white and gold gown, between her father and mother. Evanora joined them and kneeled down in front of the king. \"Evanora of Oz! Do you swear to protect the people of Oz and maintain peace?\" \"I swear\" Evanora whispered. \"Do you swear to obey to your king?\" \"I swear\" she said firmly now. \"Do you swear to forgive and seek happiness, not only yours but the others too?\" \"I swear!\" \"Do you swear you won't ever kill anyone?\" A beat. Some people started to whisper. \"What is she doing? Why isn't she talking?\" Evanora raised her head. No, she couldn't deceive them all. She would prove to everybody that she was capable of being a good and noble protector. \"I swear.\" \"Give me your hand\" Evanora obeyed. She knew what would happen, but this didn't meant that she was ready for. The king took a gold shimmering dagger. Evanora closed her eyes, as she felt her blood flowing in her hand. The pain wasn't really big, but the feeling of being stabbed in front of all those people wasn't helping. Her blood dripped in the king's hands. The latter took a small chest and opened it. Inside it was a beautiful necklace made of diamonds with a very big emerald in the middle. He took the necklace and put it inside Evanora's bloody hand. When the jewel touched her hand, a bolt of green electricity arose of her hand. Evanora looked at it, amazed. \"I did this?\" She thought. \"How is this possible?\" She was seeing the power a witch could have. She felt special. She felt important. Maybe she could protect all these persons to whom she swore her loyalty. \"Evanora, this is your channeler. Your power will be canalised by this necklace, impregnated of your blood. After this day, you will begin Magic Lessons to learn to control your power\" she heard her mother, who was standing near her, whispering. \"People of Oz, I present to you Evanora the Proud, the Witch of the Storm and the Good Witch of the East!\" The king announced . The crowd began to cheer. \"Long live the Good Witch of the East! Long live Evanora of Oz!\"[Chapter 4] After Evanora's Ceremony, when everyone got home, Evanora's parents came to see her in her room. \"Eva, are you okay?\" Her father asked. \"Yes, of course I am, father!\" Evanora said. \"I was never happier!\" \"When you said your wounds, you seemed to hesitate. \" Her mother said. \"Why?\" Evanora sighed. She knew that this question would come. \"I felt unready to would like this. What if I am not good enough?\" \"Evanora, this is ridiculous. If you haven't faith to yourself, who will have faith to you? Good witches are here to protect the people. You have the chance to be born with magical abilities. Only four witches per century are born. You are one of them and your duty is to protect Oz. The wounds are pronounced to show to the people that you are strong and willing enough to protect them \" her father said. \"Yes, I am sorry, father. I disapointed you. \"Evanora said. \"Show me that you can be this clever girl who always picked up the admiration of the people. You are not a coward, Evanora. You are a Good Witch. Make us proud.\" Evanora bowed her head. She was so ashamed to had disappointing her father. She turned to see how her mother had reacted but she saw her lying on the ground. \"Father, mother fainted!\" She said, panicked. \"Is she alright?\" \"What?! \" he exclaimed, trying to keep calm but failing. He took his wife in his arm. \"Guards! \" He shouted. Some guards and servants rushed to her room. \"Carry her to her room\" the advisor ordered. Two guards took her in their arms and got out of the room. Evanora and her father were looking at them, anxious. \"Is she alright?\" Evanora asked again. \"I don't know, Eva. I don't know\" OoO Glinda rushed to Evanora's bedroom. \"I have a good new for you to make this day even better\" she said to her friend, her eyes glowing. \"What is it? \" Evanora said, anxious. \"Is mother okay?\" \"You just had a little sister!\" Evanora felt the ground pitch under her feet. \"W-what?\" She mumbled. A little sister? Glinda was already one in her eyes. No, better than that, a best friend. A person who she could tell everything. She couldn't imagine a little sister entering their lives. What if Glinda preferred her? What if she loses her best friend because of that? And her parents? Who would they choose over her and her sister? \"Eva?\" She heard Glinda saying. \"Are you alright? Aren't you glad for having a little sister?\" \"Of course I am\" Evanora heard herself saying. \"Don't worry, it's just a headache\" \"Forget that now, come on, won't you say 'welcome' to your little sis? \" She took Evanora by the hand and leaded her to her friend mother's room. The advisor's woman was holding in her arms a small something, warpped in a blanket. Her husband was next to her and was looking at his daughter with infinite love. \"Evanora, come say hello to your little sister\" Evanora would rather took the blanket of her mother's hands and throw it out the window, but she obeyed. But what she saw made her melt. In the blanket was a beautiful baby with some brown hair, red lips and so big brown eyes with dense eyelashes. When the baby opened them, and looked at her sister, Evanora wondered how could she never wanting her a few minutes ago. \"She is so beautiful\" she almost whispered. \"How will we name her?\" \"I thought about Theodora\" her mother said. \"This is a beautiful name\" Evanora and her father agreed. \"I promise to be the best big sister ever. \" Evanora said to her new-born sister. And this was so much frankest than the \"I swear\" she said at her Ceremony. ","Summary":" There were about three hours that the queen was into her room. Finally, the door opened and a maid "},{"Movie":"Donnie Darko","Title":"Dreamcatcher","Author":"emie14eleanor","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10884930","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The last night I saw Donnie, he told me he loved me. His brown eyes sparkled with a sense of sadness like he didn't have much time left. He was the hurricane to pull me in and send me into a downward spiral I wouldn't be able to recover from. \"Donald Kristopher Darko,\" I stated as I stared at him in my doorway. He wore a skin tight skeleton costume, a gray jacket with the hood pulled up and a pair of sneakers. He looked up and gave me a smirk under his eyebrows. 'God I wish I could see inside his mind.' I leaned over the stair banister and bit my lip at him. \"Noelle Dreamcatcher Roswell.\" He almost growled. I felt his eyes scan over me; I looked down at my simple white dress, tennis shoes and black leather jacket. \"Let's go.\" He cocked his head to the side, indicating towards the outside. Halloween was at full swing, the streets aglow with jack-o-lanterns and children with flashlights. I didn't even hesitate; I hurried down the stairs and grabbed my keys. He edged me out of the door and locked it behind him. We sat under the moonlight in a field of wheat. He had made a clearing for us to sit down and he sat in front of me, his legs tucked like a pretzel as he leaned forward at me. He taunted me with his daring smirk, \"I've got a secret to tell you.\" He whispered. \"What?\" The excitement in my voice betrayed me. He giggled like a child, he rubbed his knees with the palms of his hands, \"I love you.\" I felt my insides begin to heat up; I was nervous and I forgot what he had just said, \"What?\" He giggled again and leaned into my ear, \"I love you, Noelle Dreamcatcher Roswell.\" I looked at him, he always seemed cool and collected though I could sense his demons. \"Prove it.\" He looked at me, confused and quiet, not necessarily a first for Donnie Darko. \"Prove it.\" I smiled at him. Donnie hesitated then leaned in to kiss me; he held my waist with his hands as he leaned forward and pressed his lips to mine. As he pulled away, I could see the pain on his face. His eyes were shut and his lips were curled into a wince. \"What's wrong?\" I reached for his knee but I saw him recline into himself. \"Do-do you love me?\" He asked as his bottom lip began to quiver. \"Of course I do.\" I looked at him; Donnie Darko was stealing my heart, \"I love you Donnie Kristopher Darko.\" \"Prove it.\" He looked up at me with puppy eyes filled with hope. I leaned forward and pulled him into a hug, then leaned us back so he was lying on top of me. He laid his head on my chest and he smiled then fell asleep. I woke up to an overcast, like the sky was about to weep. I sat up and looked around to find Donne gone; I ran back towards our neighborhood and was stopped my Grandma Death. \"He died alone.\" She harshly whispered at me, \"You led him to die alone. I ran past her and stopped on the sidewalk in front of Donnie's house. Police cars blocked off the street as officers stood in the front lawn. Firefighters doused the top right room in water while a still slightly whirring airplane jet was hoised out of the rubble of a room as if it were a prize from a crane game. My eyes scanned over the front lawn to see Donnie's older sister, Elizabeth, wiping away the mascara streaks on her cheeks. Donnie's father held Samantha and did his best to hold back tears. Donnie's mom stood by the tree, in her rose pink robe, smoking a cigarette. She seemed distraught and out of her mind, like a mannequin in the middle of the desert, confused and out of place. \"Mrs. Darko!\" I yelled from over the low hedges, the police had barricaded the entrance to their lawn. I felt a hundred miles away. I yelled even louder, \"Mrs. Darko!\" I waved at her gently, she slowly turned to me and held up her hand, acknowledging my wave. I opened my mouth to speak but was cut short by an officer pushing me off to the side as he opened the barricade to usher out a gurney with a cloth draped over it. \"Where's Donnie Darko?\" I asked as the procession of the gurney passed me, to Elizabeth. She gave me a saddened smile and pointed to the gurney being loaded into the back of a Coroner's van, \"That's what's left of him. Everything intact.\" \"What?\" My voice trailed off into a whisper as I followed her eyes to the dangling airplane jet and Donnie's room. I shook my head, 'No, he's hiding in his closet, he's fine.' I ran past the barricade and into the Darko's home. \"Donnie!\" I yelled in the foyer. I ran into the kitchen and back around to the staircase and gripped the banister, \"Donnie!\" I jumped over the banister and ran up the stairs to his room; I opened the door to rubble and incinerated roofing. I fell to my knees in the rubble and began to dig through it, my fingers burned to the dulling heat of the fire. \"Donald Kristopher Darko, I'm here for you! Don't give up, I'll find you!\" I ran over to where Donnie's bed was buried; I dug ferociously until I reached his covers. I brushed them off and found blood on Donnie's pillow, an entire indent of the way he slept was stamped firmly into the mattress. \"Donnie?\" I questioned the imprint of his bed, \"Why'd you leave me?\" I sat on the floor and pulled my hair back forcefully from my face; my knees settled close to my chest as the room began to spin. The hurt of the hurricane was just beginning.[Chapter 2] \"Donald Darko.\" The substitute called out to my fifth period class, \"Darko, Donald.\" \"He's dead.\" Someone muttered behind me. \"Total worm chow.\" Another classmate added. \"I'm sorry?\" The sub didn't get it. Nobody did; Donnie was gone and it was as if no one noticed. Every class I had with him left questions of where he was and what he was doing. I'd answer that he was on his way six feet downtown in an overpriced box of oak…but I told nobody that all I wanted to do was die. Mrs. Darko was catatonic while Mr. Darko drove Elizabeth and Samantha to and from school. This wasn't even the worst part; everything that wasn't burned or demolished in Donnie's room was thrown out into the front yard for a mediocre yard rummage sale. I glared at the substitute and growled, \"He's dead, okay? Donald Kristopher Darko is gone, on his way to a hole in the ground, whatever's left of him anyway.\" Every word burned as they escaped my mouth. I stood up and knocked my chair down, grabbed my stuff and began for the door. \"Where do you think you're going? What's your name?\" The sub gave me a teacher-menacing look. I didn't flinch. \"My name is Noelle Dreamcatcher Roswell, I am Donnie's boyfriend.\" I sat on the front step of the Darko's home, the mountain of Donnie's former possessions made an eerie shadow on the sidewalk. My cheeks were wet with tears, I felt as if my eyes wouldn't let me cry anymore. I wiped my eyes on my jacket sleeves and played at the frays of my skirt. \"Dreamcatcher.\" I heard a deep, distorted voice call from the end of the Darko's lawn. I looked up to see a grungy bunny costume with a skeleton face, \"Dreamcatcher, follow me.\" I slowly stood up and took a step towards the demonic rabbit, \"What's your name?\" \"I'm Frank. I was a friend of Donnie's.\" I took a step towards the rabbit again and found myself tripping over a headstone. Looking around, I found myself in the town's cemetery, standing in front of 'D. Darko: beloved brother, son, friend and companion.' \"Companion?\" I screeched, \"Companion? All he is to me, all he was to me was my companion?\" Frank didn't say anything as I fell to my knees and began to dig through the wet dirt; they decided to get it over with, just burying him while I was at school. As I burrowed through the dirt, I came across cold flesh… \"They didn't put him in a casket?\" I asked as my hand brushed against Donnie's. I looked up to see Frank gone, and when I looked up to the sky, it was night. I was sitting in the clearing of the field where Donnie told me he loved me. My white dress was stained with blood along with my hands. I stood up and tried to scream, but I remained unheard. \"Trouble?\" Frank asked as he stood at the edge of the field. \"What the hell is going on?\" I asked as I kneeled to the ground and grabbed the sides of my head. It felt as if an axe was splitting me in half. \"You killed Donnie.\" \"That's bullshit! I loved Donnie.\" I screamed as I pulled at my hair. As I pulled my hands away, there was more blood. \"You have 36 hours, 59 minutes and 59 seconds…58…57…56…\" I stood up and found myself in Donnie's bedroom, completely unscathed. \"What am I supposed to do?\" I yelled to the ceiling. \"55…54…53…52..51…\" ","Summary":" The last night I saw Donnie, he told me he loved me. His brown eyes sparkled with a sense of sadnes"},{"Movie":"Oz the Great and Powerful","Title":"Playing with Fire","Author":"Nyewri","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9487087","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's note: I've watch Oz the great and powerful, and at the ending of the movie I felt almost pity of Theodora, I mean she was innocent. She needs her happy ending. At least she needs one. Despite it was Oz fault that she chooses to change sides. So I want him to reconcile with her. So this is my first fiction's of the movie. Apologize of my English limitation and grammar, and I really really really really reaaaaalllyy appreciate if you guys could correct me in my writing. So R&R; :D Disclaimer: Although I would like to own the mass Oz the great and powerful movie production, I couldn't, cannot, and wouldn't. The characters in the originals series aren't mine either. I just own some of this fiction scenes :D Chapter 1 Your heart is mine Event is taken right after Oz and Theodora escape from a flying baboon. When they were standing in front of each other, holding arms in arms. \"You're afraid?\" asked Theodora almost lowly. \"Yes, if something might happen to you\" said Oscar comforting her arms with his thumbs. Theodora cheeks went red and then her lips curved in to a small smile. \"We gotta go. The flying baboon might come back again.\" said Theodora. \"Right\" said Oscar letting his grip go. And loop through rock to rock until reach the edge of the pond. So did Theodora. \"You should meet my sister, she will be thrilled to see you now\" said Theodora excitingly. \"Let's go meet her then\" said Oscar with a grin. Oscar grabbed her hand, and holds it as they walked through up and down road. Theodora feel almost lost in thoughts when Oscar held her hand, how it made her heart rattles in the moment. It made her feel something she had never experienced before. \"So where's your sister staying?\" said Oscar as they walk holdings hands. \"She lived in the palace, the one where you'll be the king in it\" replied Theodora smilingly. \"Oh, I see.\" said Oscar. \"How big is it? The palace?\" ask Oscar curiously. \"Oh, it's very big; it's even the biggest palace in the Land of Oz. It's even the brightest castle, because of what it's made of\" said Theodora. \"What does it made of?\" ask Oscar more curious. \"Emeralds. That's why we called it the Emerald city.\" said Theodora smilingly. Oscar eyes grew wide hearing it. And a sly smile crept in his face as he imagined it. A king with emerald palace, I must've been dreaming. All I have to do is just admit that I am the wizard in the prophecy, get the gold, and get the hell out from here. I'll be rich and famous, no more torn out clothes, no more sickening audience, no more circus freaks, and I'll be making shows in Europe, Oh, I wanted so bad to go there and lots of lots of girls will down kneeling to me. Yes, yes, that'll do. \"Your magic must be very powerful, because you've travelled far away to here get here. I wish I could learn some more magic from you.\" said Theodora hopefully. Oscar snapped back at the reality. \"Oh yes, of course my dear.\" said Oscar try to reassure her. \"I might need a spell or a potion that could make me overcomes my uncontrollable temper, sometimes it's just out of handle. My sister said it to me sometimes. That I have wicked side in me.\" said Theodora sadly. \"Out of handle? Your temper? You seem nice to me! And with that angelic face of yours, you couldn't have an uncontrollable temper or even wicked.\" said Oscar jokingly. Theodora just smiled of what he says. He was the first person who's ever told her of how beautiful she is, and how she still has goodness inside of her instead of wicked. He truly is the great wizard, as he was kind to me. Perfect to be king . She thought. The sun sets down, it was almost night. \"It's already evening, we have to find a place to sleep before gets dark\" said Theodora noticing the disappearing sunlight in the sky. \"How far is the emerald? Um.. I mean the emerald palace city of course.\" he said clumsily. \"I guess we'll get there tomorrow afternoon.\" she said. \"Is there any other way we could travel there faster?\" Oz asked. \"Unfortunately no. But with magic it might be possible to reach Emerald City for an hour or two.\" She said. \"Magic? What kind of magic?\" he said, as if he's not sure about it. \"By flying.\" She said lightly. Her body started to lift from the ground as she beckoned him to follow her as well. \"Come on wizard.\" She said excitedly. Oscar's jaw dropped as he watched Theodora flies. This is no trick, its real magic. He thought. He shook his head. \"Um.. It's been a long day, I think it's overcome my magic too.\" Said Oscar making excuses. \"I think it's best if we just walk and rest for tonight.\" said Oscar unwillingly. \"Oh.. Ok.\" Her body fell slowly to the ground. A relived look appear in Oz's face. Fuih! that was unexpected he thought. Theodora turned her face, finding a perfect place to rest. \"How about we rest there tonight?\" said Theodora pointing at some spot at the top hills. \"Ok. It seems fine to me.\" said Oz. Theodora and Oscar gather some small woods. And arranged its woods to make bonfire. \"We need a fire.\" Said Oz \"Don't worry. I got it.\" Said Theodora as she made a small flame from her hand and put it at the arranged small woods. Oz watched as she burns those small woods until its cover in flames. \"Wow, that's very nice.\" Said Oz astonished by it. \"Thank you, it's the at least I could do. Making fire\" said Theodora smilingly. They sat on a log in front of each other, separate by the bonfire. Oscar takes off his coat and hat, to get warmth from the bonfire. \"So this wicked witch, is just.. How wicked is she?\" ask Oscar questionably. \"She's as wicked as they come. She poisoned her own father.\" said Theodora. \"Pretty wicked.\" said Oz surprise. \"He was the king and wizard like you. But she wanted the throne all by herself. Poor man..\" said Theodora sadly. \"But my sister chased her away from Emerald city. Can't wait for her to meet you. She was starting to doubt you would ever come, but she shall see and you're going to fix everything.\" said Theodora hopefully. \"Y-yeah.\" said oz smiling and tried to look assuring. Oz watched as Theodora let her red coat off her shoulder, then her red hat. Oscar was mesmerized by how beautiful she looked truly. Theodora then took off her hair clipper and let her long brunette hair fall to her shoulder. And a sly thought crept in Oz mind as he smiles to her. A little romance might be alright here he thought. \"Do you know what I think we need?\" said Oz as he began standing and walk to her. He took a red handkerchief from his pocket vest, and covered his right hand with it. \"A little music.\" Said Oscar as he uncovers his red handkerchief, and showed her a small wooden chest in his right hand. \"Was that magic?\" Theodora asked surprisingly. \"In a way. It's a music box\" said Oscar kneeling down to her. \"You never seen one?\" said Oz. Theodora looked confused by it; she shook her head a little. \"Well this belong to my grandmother, a Tzarina from Irkuts.\" lied Oscar as he opened the music box and a soft twinkling sound was heard. \"Go on, I want you to have it\" said Oscar smiled at her as Theodora watch the dancing couple twirling in the music box. \"No one's ever giving me something just because they wanted to\" said Theodora as she took Oz's gift to her. \"Pretty girl like you? the visage of Helen of Troy now or less? I'm sure you have dozens of admirers.\" said Oscar flattering her. \"You don't know much about witches do you?\" said Theodora. \"Maybe not, but I'm told I'm a fast learner.\" He answered as he stands and bow to her. \"May I have this dance my Lady?\" he said as he offers her his hand. \"Now you're gonna tell me, that no one has ever asked you to dance before?\" he ask as he puts his hand at his hips, smilingly at her. \"No one ever has.\" she said innocently. \"Then it's time you'd learn.\" He said smilingly at her and she smiled back. He offers his hand, she took it and he lead her to some free space near the bonfire. \"Put your hand here, and your other hand here.\" Oscar said as he beckon her and she did so. He put his hand on her waist and his other hand holding her hand. He slowly pulls her closer to him. She was a little shocked when he pulls her closer. She had never been this close to a man before. And the sensation made her nervous, as her cheeks grew warm at the moment. He started to step back and forward slowly, as she followed his steps. She watched her feet move carefully, focusing on it, afraid that she might step on the wizard feet or she might trip herself. But then a finger turns her head up as she's facing the wizard's face, it was the wizard's, as if the wizard wants her to relish to the moment of their night together. She smiled nervously at him as her heart rattle abysmally looking at his face, his warm and sweet face somehow enchanted to her. Her mind was lost in the moment, by the sound of the music, patter of the bonfire, and the swinging of their dance. The moment where she feels special, wanted, be admired, and best of all, she truly feel loved by someone. \"Nice isn't it?\" he ask her, as he finally fooled her. \"Y-yes\" she said, almost whisper. Swirling, shifting as they dance for hours of hours as it seems. He began to rotated her, as he standing at her back, she tilt her head facing him as his face come closer to her face, until their lips met. He kissed her. The wizard had finally made the innocent witch to fall for his love scheme. His selfish and pride demeanor has made him a player towards any beautiful young innocent woman he met. As a jolt of happiness fulfill the witch's heart as she felt her first kiss. She's soon realizes of how much that she cared and love the wizard, her hero, her happiness, and her soulmate. As she dreamt that their love will be in her future. Their lips have finally apart. \"Not bad for a witch\" he said smilingly at her. She smiled back at him. Oscar took her right hand, bowed to her and kissed her hand firmly. She gave him a sheepishly smile. He let her go, and yawns. \"I'm so tired, it's a big day tomorrow, we don't wanna be late to see gold.. uh, I mean your sister. She'll expecting us.\" He said correcting, as he preparing himself to lay on the ground to sleep. \"Oh, yes of course, we should get rest.\" she realize to the moment again. She lay on the ground next to the wizard, facing his back. \"Wizard.\" she called him as he turn to face her. \"Yes?\" \"Thank you for teaching me to dance, I loved it.\" Oz puts his hand on her back head and pulled her as he kissed her lips. He let go. \"It was nothing my queen. And please, just call me Oz.\" He said smilingly as he turn again backs her, and went to sleep. Theodora smile as he said my queen. She closed her eyes, dreaming of their lasted dance, and made her sleeping with smile crept in her face.[Chapter 2] Authors Note: Yay! I finally done with chapter 2! A big huge THANK YOU I PRESENTED TO Moonlight Willows! for being the first reviewer, fav, and follower of my first fic! You really don't know how much it made me happy! hahaha. And thank you too for those who followed too. Ravinsong and miztickow! And I don't wanna let the readers and story hanging, so I will try to update once in a week. :D Chapter 2 The Magician Assistant. Oz opened his eyes as he watched the morning sun glowing in the sky. He stretched his arms and legs, followed by yawning. He heard birds singing to welcome the morning, the sound of waterfall far beneath the other hill, splashing water of the river, and the smell of the blooming colorful large flowers around him with sprinkles of morning dew on it, it's quite beautiful here he realize. \"Good morning Oz.\" a feminine voice was heard. It was Theodora bringing him breakfast. \"Good morning.\" He replied. \"I got us a breakfast.\" Theodora said as she put the breakfast on his lap and kissed his cheek. \"Oh wow, thank you.\" He said. \"I know it's not much, but it's the at least I could do for you.\" she said hopefully. \"It's perfect. Like you.\" he said romancing her again. She curved her face another smiled at his answer. He eats the breakfast voracious. Watching him eat made Theodora giggles. \"What's the matter?\" Oz asked questionably. \"You have some of the food on your face.\" she said smiling to him again. He stroke his side face try to clean the dirt away. But the dirt was still there. \"Here, let me.\" She offered. She stroked his face with her finger as she cleaned the dirt away gently near his lips. A place where she wanted to planted a kiss again. \"Is it gone?\" Oz asked. \"Yes.\" She replied as she let her finger go from his face. \"Thanks.\" he said shortly and continued eating. Oz's had finished eating and preparing himself to continue his journey. The Journey to richness he thought. \"Are you ready Oz?\" said Theodora came up to him cheerily. \"Yes, everything is ready, let's go meet your sister.\" He said smilingly as he put his hat on his head like he had used to in his show. They walked down from hill, as they hold hands. Theodora never been this happy from all of her life. Just holding his hand made her feel secure and comfort like she is belong to him as he is belong to her. And for Oz, he was wondering as he watched around him, a weird place as it seems. Am I dreaming? Does this place really exist? And this girl, she really is a witch as he remembers their night together. She put flames on the bonfire with her hand and she can fly. And the strangest thing is, she had never dance before, given a gift before, and I am sure she never been kissed before. I can feel it when we kissed last night. I'm definitely sure she had never slept with any man. That's why I decided not to take second base with her, I felt pity of her. Wait what? No. Maybe later I'll come up with second base with her. All things in good time. But really? A pretty girl like her? Why would no one wants her or charm her? And she's nice too. \"Its incredible.\" said Theodora. \"Y-yeah.\" He replied snapped back to reality. \"Here I thought I live a lonely life, and then you showed up.\" She said. He smiled and sighed. \"I knew you're the only wizard, and you're the person I belong with.\" She said looking at him lovingly. \"I'm sure you'd get along and…\" he said trying to look nice. \"And?\" she asked hopefully. \"Like you said, we're belong together.\" he said smiling to her. A sudden relieved fill Theodora's mind. \"Oh, I was hoping you would say that!\" She gave him a relieved and happy look. They walked through the sunflowers garden as they watch large sunflowers everywhere. And they finally reach the end of the garden, a little forest ahead. And they heard someone's voice. \"Help! Help! Help!\" Oz and Theodora looked to where the source of voice came from. And It was a monkey and its feet stuck by root's bind. \"Oh, that poor little creature. Oz, we must save him\" said Theodora worriedly. Oz looked at the monkey. A talking monkey with wings? I don't have time for this, I need to get to the palace. But she's demanding it. Fine, a little hero show for her should be alright. I just save this freak monkey quickly. \"Allow the wizard.\" He said finally. Theodora smiled seeing his bravery. \"Of course I'll save this talking monkey with a bell house suit.\" Said Oz furrowed his eyebrows as he walked to the monkey and let out his pocket knife. \"You! Mister! Please hurry up! Do you have anything sharp? Like a knife or something? How about your teeth? What kind of teeth do you got? Come on hurry!\" scream the monkey hurriedly. Oz chuckled, \"Calm down, you'll be alright\" Oz said. \"I'm gonna die! This binds is going to eat me!\" Yell the monkey as if it's the end of it time. \"Don't worry this binds aren't gonna eat you.\" Said Oz laughing. \"This binds? I mean the lion!\" the monkey shouted. Oz heard a little growl from behind. He stiffened, and turns around slowly. And he saw it, a big large golden lion with sharp fangs. And it about to jump and strike them. \"AAAaaaargggh..!\" \"Eat him first! Eat him first!\" shouted the monkey pointing at Oz. Oz searching some tricks he got left in his coat quickly. He finds it, and throws it down near his feat. A red smoke came out of it just in time where the lion landed in front of them as the lion turned in to a different direction and ran away. Oz let out a relieved sigh. And he saw Theodora came up to him. \"Simsalabim! Away! Be gone coward! Fear my greatness!\" he shouted trying to impress Theodora. \"You're a wonderful wizard.\" Said Theodora astonished. \"Oh, please, it was nothing.\" Oz said tried to look humble. \"Wizard? You mean the wizard? So the prophecy was true?\" said the monkey open its wings and started to fly to their exact height. \"Yes, indeed.\" said Theodora smilingly at him. \"Alright, we saved the day, shall we continue our journey?\" asked Oz charmingly to Theodora. \"Yes.\" Said Theodora happily as Oz grabbed Theodora's hand. \"Good day sir.\" Said Oz to the monkey as he continued to walk. \"Wait! Please sir! My name is Finley, my master home was ransacked by the wicked witch baboon, and I ended up in this wood ever since. But you have saved me O' wizard. So I am here making my life death to you.\" Said the monkey. \"No need.\" Said Oz, shook his hands. But the monkey kept going. \"From this moment on I shall be your loyal faithful servant until the moment I die.\" Said Finley doubtless. The rule of show is to never work with animals or kids. And I'm in hurry. I just gonna say no. Oz thought. \"Oh, well he's cute.\" Said Theodora try to convince Oz. Finley smiled whole-hearty. Oz rolled his eyes, as he wanted to please Theodora. \"Fine, you're hired.\" Oz said finally. \"Wonderful, lets shake on it.\" Said Finley happily and give Oz his hand. \"My bag monkey.\" Said Oz smilingly at the monkey as he gave his bag to Finley. \"Surely you must travel light.\" Finley said as he grab Oz's bag and fell down because of how heavy his bag were. \"It's alright I got it! You two run along.\" Finley said as he struggles to carry the wizard bag. Theodora ran a little as she sees the Emerald city from far away. Oz followed her. Theodora stopped, and Oz watched the palace at far away that curved well in emeralds and how it glow and dazzled within the sunlight. It was a wonderful sight. \"The Emerald city. Just down this hill, along the yellow brick road.\" She said as she sees the look of amazed in Oz's face. \"It'll all be yours now.\" She turned to him. \"Good thing green is my favorite color.\" He replied in astonished. Theodora giggled. \"Oh you're going to make the best king Oz that will ever known.\" said Theodora sincere. \"Thank you.\" He said with his charm slightly sly smile. \"And I will be so proud to be your queen.\" she said bowing to him. Oz raised his eyebrows \"My queen?\" he asked as if he doesn't listen to it well. \"We'll spent life time together, but now thousand people of Oz are waiting to witnesses your miracle.\" She said as she giggles and kissed him shortly. Then she walked down the hill. Oz couldn't imagine a monogamy life, because he never wants it, even couldn't be it. My queen? I'll figure that one out later. And thousands will watch? It's a Big shows, I might need help. He thought. As Finley finally reach Oz carrying his heavy bag. \"What now wizard?\" said Finley exhausted. \"Monkey, tell me again about that life death.\" He said as Finley said again his promised. \"Ok, and there's no getting out of it?\" said Oz. \"None sir.\" Said Finley surely. \"Good, cause I'm not the wizard.\" He said plainly. The monkey laugh. \"Your humor is as great as it is wondrous.\" Oz looked seriously to the monkey. \"Monkey, I'm no wizard.\" \"Well you could've told me before I sealed my life death!\" Said Finley. \"Too late.\" Oz said. \"You gotta come clean to that innocent young girl!\" Said Finley. \"I'll deal with her later. You're my new assistant; you need to follow 3 apps. Show up, keep up, shut up.\" Oz said. \"But..\" \"What's the third?\" said Oz as he stops Finley to talk. Finley beckoned to say shut up. \"Good, I'm depending on you; we need to get all the people of Oz convinced that I'm the wizard.\" He said confidently. \"Now we go to the palace.\" He said as he walked following Theodora from behind. Finley just grumble while he pulled Oz's bag. As they reach down hill, they meet with the palace's guard and carriage. As they seems to be expecting them to come. I guess my sister knew we were coming. And finally she will see the wizard for the first time! I can't wait for how will she react to it. All this time she's never had the faith in the prophecy, and matter of fact, said that the prophecy will never happen, but now it's time to prove that she's wrong all along. S he thought cheerfully as she walked approach to her small friend near the cart. \"Hello Knuck.\" Said Theodora greets her small friend. \"Theodora, we've been expecting you. I shall blow off the trumpet.\" Said the short man holding a long slim trumpet and about to blow it. But Theodora stopped him. \"No, no, no, not now.\" She said slowly trying not to offense Knuck. \"This is the wizard.\" She said while introducing Knuck to the man she loved. Oz walked forward to the short man. \"How do you do sir?\" said Oz giving his hand towards Knuck to shake. \"This is the wizard?\" Knuck furrowed his eyebrows. Theodora just giggled. \"Is there a problem?\" Oz said furrowing too. Knuck look up and down to Oz. \"Yes.\" Knuck said sharply. Oz's eyes just grew wide hearing it as he turned to see the palace guards came forwards in ordered formation with big furry black hat and spears in each guard. The formation of the guards stopped in front of Oz. \"All hail the wizard!\" Knuck introduce. And the guards followed as well \"All hail the wizard!\" \"All hail the wizard the mightiest of mightiest, the greatest and powerful, the most genuine, real, and true wizard.\" Finley introduce further. \"Thank you.\" Oz said humbly. But Finley rather continue \"A wizard with no hidden agenda what so ever, he is just a real good solid wizard, the wizard, here he is!\" said Finley sarcastically. Oz just rolled his eyes. \"How do I do?\" Finley whispered to Oz. \"You did well my dear monkey.\" Oz said as he and Theodora got in to the carriage, and he closed the carriage door to not letting Finley in. \"Let's go!\" Said Oz as the carriage began to move. \"Uh, hello, guys? Can I get on the carriage? Can I please get on the carriage? Hello? A monkey in distress here!\" Finley grumbling.[Chapter 3] Author's note: Thank you thank you thank you! And millions of sorry for a day late of updating. Here's another chapt. I know it's a bit the same with the movie flow, but trust me I've change a little at the next and next and next and next chapters. Follow the story and you'll know which part of the movie story I change. :D Chapter 3 The Witch Sisters Oz looked around him, it was all wonderful. Flowers with beautiful color red blue and yellow planted outside the gate of the palace. And a big firm wall of emerald adding its beauty. Oh yes, carriage, emerald palace, big loyal guards, it will be fun to be king he thought. \"What are you thinking?\" asked Theodora seeing him. \"Um, nothing I just really thankful to meet you, I wouldn't know this marvelous palace if it's not because of you.\" He said charmingly. \"Aww, I'm supposed to be the one who'd thankful, you bring hope to me, to us, people of land Oz.\" said Theodora smilingly. Oz smiled at her and kissed her cheek. \"I won't let you down.\" He said. Theodora giggled and hugged him happily. \"It's kinda reminds me, what are you doing in the forest when meet for the first time?\" asked Oz. \"Oh, I was making experiments with plants.\" Said Theodora. \"What kind of experiments?\" asked Oz. \"Um, remind me to show you sometime.\" She said smilingly. They reach the gate of Emerald city. Oz was mesmerized of how big and firm it was. They stopped in front of the gate. A guard of the gate came out. \"What's your business here?\" the guard gate asked. \"It's alright winkie guard, it's us Theodora and the wizard.\" Said Theodora from inside the carriage. \"Oh, My Lady. It's Theodora the Good! let them pass!\" said the guard gate as the big gate started to open. The carriage moved passing through the people. Oz looked at the people, as they chatter and whisper of their arrival. \"They're talking about you.\" Said Theodora, excitingly. \"Yes I guess they are.\" Oz said. \"Quadlings, Munchkins, and Tinkers, they're all expecting your arrival. Look at those happy hopeful smiles of them. You bring us hope of peace.\" Said Theodora couldn't stop hoping how peace will cover once more in the Land of Oz. Oz just smiled at her and thought hard of how to convince the people of Oz that he is the wizard that they're expecting. But how? I need a stage, assistant, and materials. How would I find any of those things here ? He thought. They finally reach the palace. Oz step out of the carriage, and then he helped Theodora out. \"Thank you.\" Said Theodora sheepishly. \"Anything for you.\" He said while kissing her hand. Finley who just came up, tiring, just rolled his eyes seeing the fake wizard's love scheme towards Theodora. Theodora, Oz, Finley and Knuck went in to the palace. Knuck standing by the door. \"I shall blow the trumpet now.\" Knuck said. \"Not now Knuck.\" Said Theodora apologizing. Oz was wonderstruck of how big it was the palace main hall. They're voice echoed in it. \"This palace is huge.\" He said as he looked at the ceiling on the main hall of the palace, his jaw dropped. \"Wait till you see the throne room.\" Theodora said excitingly. \"And all your life you lived here?\" Oz asked Theodora. \"Well no, the king took us as his family when we were little, so we lived here for 10 years as it seems.\" She said. \"I see.\" Oz said. A maid walked towards them. \"My Lady, welcome back.\" Said the maid as she bowed to them. \"Lady Evanora has been expecting to see you in the throne room.\" Said the maid. \"Just in time, come on Oz.\" said Theodora reaching his hand and pulled him. Oz, Theodora, Finley and Knuck reach the throne room. Knuck, as usual suggesting to blow off the trumpet but Theodora once again stopped him, reminding him that it was not a good time. \"Is that it? Is that my throne?\" Oz said looked disbelief. As he looked at the golden carved chair with red pillow on its seats and lion carved in the side of the throne chair looked grand and elegant. \"Do you like it?\" A women's voice came up from upstairs. \"I do hope so you like it, because I have passed waiting in for your arrival.\" Said the woman again. She showed her face as she walked down to the stairs. \"As do I.\" Oz replied as he sees the woman with pale skin brunette hair tied up and wearing a green black dress came down to them. \"Praise be you are here at last, and the prophecy shall be fulfilled. O this is a glorious day for us all!\" the woman said. \"And may I add that you are the handsomest king we ever had.\" The woman said as she looked at Oz face. Oz laughed a little. \"Flatterer.\" He smiled flirty at her. \"And who is this fetching woman?\" he asked as he grab the woman's hand and kiss it. Theodora heart ripped a little as she saw what Oz did. \"This is my sister.\" Said Theodora broke off the flirty conversation. \"I am Evanora, the royal advisor; I've been protecting the Emerald city as we waited for your arrival. I'm here to serve you as I served the king before you.\" Evanora said as she bowed to him. \"Well, I am look forward to be served.\" Said Oz widened his eyes. \"Sister I like him already.\" Evanora said as she watch Oz walked to the king's throne, grabbed the king's scepter and sit on the king's throne. \"Oh yes, go on then, have a sit. How does it feel?\" Evanora asked feel a bit irritated. \"Fits like a gloves.\" He replied as he played with his scepter. \"Goodness, Knuck can show you your chamber and we can, um.. we can chat more later.\" Evanora whisper in her last words. \"Can't wait. Monkey! grab my bag.\" Oz said as he rise from the throne's seat took his scepter, and went out from the throne room went to his chamber. \"Yes, O mighty powerful wizard.\" Finley sarcastically as he followed him out. Knuck hurriedly open the door to let Oz out, but Oz just ignored him and came out without his help. \"Thank you sour puss.\" Oz said as he walked outside. \"My name is Knuck!\" the shortman yelled, as he leave the throne room as well, leaving Evanora and Theodora alone. \"Isn't he wonderful? Didn't I say he would come.\" Theodora said. \"You dare escort that, Oaf! In here and allow him to climb on that halo throne!\" Evanora burst out. \"And why not? He is the wizard.\" Said Theodora back. \"The wizard, as so he says. Did it not occur to you, that he might be an imposter? And league with the wicked witch and sent here to kill us?\" said Evanora angrily back. \"The wicked witch? Don't be ridiculous.\" Theodora replied with a sigh. \"I'm not the one who underestimates her cleverness. Or maybe it's you I underestimate. Have you finally joined her side sister?\" Evanora said accusing her. \"I am in no one's side; you know that, I simply want peace, that's all I ever wanted. And the wizard can do that, he's a good man.\" Said Theodora reassuring her sister. \"What do you know about goodness, when deep down you are wicked.\" Evanora snapped. Theodora's blood boiled as she heard the word, her hand hot as fire as she shouted \"I am not wicked!\" a flash of flame emerge from Theodora's hand and it shots right in to a vase at the side of the room. Evanora shocked by it. \"That temper really is on you.\" Said Evanora. Theodora calmed herself down. \"Do you honestly think that I would conspire with her against you? You are my sister and I love you.\" Theodora said sincerely. \"You're right. But I need proof that he is what he claims to be.\" Said Evanora, looked calm. \"He has already proven himself.\" Said Theodora, remembering him saving her from the flying baboon, giving her flowers and music box by miracle. \"Not to me he hasn't.\" said Evanora. \"How would he proven himself to you?\" asked Theodora. \"We'll send him to her.\" Evanora replied. \"The wicked witch?\" Theodora asked. \"Yes, if he made it, then he is the wizard in the prophecy.\" Evanora said. \"If he fails?\" asked Theodora eerie. Evanora gave her the look of sorry. \"No, he will not fail us, I believe him. Even if he fail, please just let him be, leave him to me.\" Said Theodora assure of it. \"You loved him don't you?\" Evanora asked. \"Loved him or not I believe in him.\" Theodora replied. \"Then you're weak.\" Evanora said as she leaves the throne room. Theodora let out a sigh as she walked out of the throne room to her chamber. She took her coat off, and let out from the coat pocket a small wooden chest. She put the music box on the table and wonder off to take a bath. I'm weak? How come a faith can be a weak thing? Well I really have to admit that Oz isn't the wizard I'd hope to be, he seems to be inappropriate when he seat on the halo throne-kinda unexpected-, rude to any creature-well that's how I see Finley to be-, and greed with richness-when we talk about wealthy life- like being king. But behind it all, I believe in him as much I love him. And he will fulfill the prophecy. There's nothing I rather do than being at his side, ruling together in peace. Yes and peace finally. A smile crept in her face as she thought about it. Theodora came out of her bath and get dressed. She wears a red rose's gown, comb her wet hair and wear her round hat. After she's done, she went outside of her chamber to the palace garden. She took her magic water spray and started to spray the flowers there like she use to. Evanora came into her chamber, she walked to her crystal ball, and murmur some spell to it. An image of the wicked witch showed up. The wicked witch was at the dark forest. What is she doing? She thought. The wicked witch seems brought black roses. She mourns to him again. She thought. She murmur some spell again. An image of a China town appear. There she watched the people of China town celebrating some feast. So you're having a feast aren't you, because of the wizard? Damn you paper doll! Evanora burst in to the highest tower where all of her flying baboon lived. \"All of you, I want you to attack the China Town! Leave no rest of it!\" Yell Evanora as the flying baboons flies outside furiously.[Chapter 4] Author's note: Helloo again.. I know I haven't update the story for a while, I got a job 24/7 at the moment.. but I'm willing to give a little time for my fiction.. :D :P here ya go.. Chapter 4 The Journey Oz, Finley and Knuck walked to the king's chamber. \"You know, I think you ripped her heart a little when you flirt with her sister.\" Said Finley. \"No she's not, she's happy as a little elf, because her sister starts to believe that the wizard is here.\" Said Oz assure to it. \"And how would you know that? Have you ever thought how she feels about you? About her true feelings to you?\" asked Finley almost disbelief. \"She'll know that I'm just having fun. We're just having fun.\" Said Oz calm. \"You know, my old master once told me that love isn't a toy for fun, when one of the couple starts to think seriously of their relationship, it isn't fun anymore, either to any one of them.\" Said Finley. \"Relax, and don't think them seriously. She'll be fine.\" Said Oz sure of it. Finley just let out a sigh. Oz, Finley and Knuck finally reach the king's bed chamber. They went inside and amaze by how big it was. \"I'll leave you two be.\" Knuck said as he closed the door and gone out. Finley jaw dropped as he sees the room. Oz pushed Finley's jaw back up. \"We don't want your breath to pollute the room.\" Said Oz jokingly as he walked to the bed and jumped at it and then lay comfortably in it. Finley was just sullen as he flies to Oz. \"Where would I put your bag sir?\" the monkey asked. \"Right at the table.\" Oz said. Finley grab his bag to the table. \"Ugh, what is inside this bag? A dictionary to seduce women?\" Finley said as he struggled with Oz's bag. \"Ha. Ha. Ha.\" Laugh Oz sarcastically. \"You know what? You don't have to be so mean. Beside I'm the only one who knew your dirty little secret.\" Said the monkey crossing his arm. \"What's the third app?\" said Oz lazily. Finley just sullen. \"Good, now you can go, wherever. I'm going to need time to think.\" Said Oz as he now seats on the side of the bed. Finley fly towards the door and exit it, leaving Oz by himself. How can I convince them all that I'm their wizard? I need to get them all gather in one place. Maybe I can convince Evanora to make big feast, so I can make my little show to them. So far, it's pretty good idea. Yes, that will do. He thought as he walked to the balcony. He looked up the sky. But when I got my gold, how would I come back? Oz switched his sight to the palace front yard as he sees Theodora was wearing a red rose's gown and she's wearing her round hat like when he first saw her. She sprayed some water to the flowers in the palace garden. The flowers were so beautiful, as they were blossoming. And fairies came out of the blossomed flowers, all of them looked like tiny flying light, flying around Theodora and gave Theodora a small red flower-as size as her pinky- as a thank you . How come anyone so kind and beautiful like her would never been given a real sincere gift before? And any man or wizard would be insane to not like her. Ugh, what are you doing? Stop thinking about her! It's her own problem. Just go away .She means nothing to me. So let her be! He thought. Oz walked back to his room and lay again on the bed as he stare to the ceiling, he close his eyes. Few hours has passed, suddenly there's knocks on the door. Oz opened his eyes. \"Yes, what is it?\" he said as he walked to the door and opened it, expecting it would be Finley. \"I told you, to go whe-\" he stopped as he sees Theodora wearing red roses gown. \"Hi.\" She said. \"Hi. I was just telling Finley to go wherever he likes.\" He said smilingly. She smiled back. \"Please come in.\" said Oz opened the door wider as Theodora walked in. \"Did I awake you? I'm sorry if I did.\" she said worriedly to him. \"No, you're not; besides I have to be awake right now.\" He chuckle a little as he closed the door. She looked around the king's chamber and seated on sort of sofa bed. Oz followed her and seat on it too. \"So how do you feel with your new chamber?\" she asked smilingly. \"It's beyond my expectation.\" He said smiling back. \"Great if you like it.\" She said smilingly. \"I was wondering about your gift to me.\" She said. \"Oh, it was nothing really; I just really want someone to have it. And you're the person I trust to be given it.\" He said smilingly to her. \"I trust you too. That's why I'm here to give you something.\" she said as she showed him a pinky size red flower. \"It's a magic flower; it can protect you from what you fear most. And it's made and worked for the person who's truly good inside.\" She said believing that Oz is a good person. \"I-I can't have this.\" Oz said quickly as he knew that he is not the kind of men she was expecting. The men that the people not expecting. \"It is my choice to give it to someone I will. Like my heart.\" She said smilingly. Theodora grab his hand and put it in his hand as Oz letting her to. \"Um, thank you, it's beautiful.\" He said smilingly even though he knew inside, that her gift would be a waste for him. Theodora looked so beautiful in front of Oz's eyes, even more when she started to smile when he accepted her gift. Without hesitate, he stroked her cheek, and moved forward to where his lips would meet hers. But then a winkie guard knock on the door. \"Yes, what is it?\" Oz said rolled his eyes as he was about to kiss her. The winkie guard came in. \"My Lady; wizard; dinner is ready and Lady Evanora is expecting you.\" Said the winkie guard. Theodora turned her face to Oz. \"Do you want to walk there together?\" \"I haven't dresses properly yet, I'm going to clean myself a little first, I'll ketchup.\" He said. \"Alright, I'll see you at dinner.\" She said giggling a little as she placed a fast kiss on Oz lips. And went outside. Oz don't know where to put Theodora's gift, so he put it in his pocket vest. He sigh. This flower is a waste he thought. At the dinner. Oz and Evanora seated on the edge of table, facing each other. As Theodora sat between them. Evanora and Oz flirt on each other, as if ignoring Theodora who's seated there invincible. Oz laughed hard after Evanora told him a joke. Theodora doesn't know what to think as she sees Oz and Evanora together. Part of her wants Evanora to have faith and believe on the wizard, but the other part of her feel agony and envy as she sees how close they've become. No, I believe he still loved me. We will rule Oz together. And mostly he will bring peace to the land, that's everything I've ever wanted most. She thought, swallowing her temper. \"Oh Theodora, he's quite a charming man isn't he?\" Evanora asked as she gives a flirty look on Oz. \"Oh, yes he is.\" Said Theodora flatly. \"Thank you, for your lovely dinner, and everything. But I wish to return to my chamber, I've got lots to things to do in the matter of being king.\" He said smilingly. \"Retreat already? I haven't showed you around this palace. A king do needs to know the ways of his own palace. \" Evanora said. \"Oh, I supposed.\" \"I can show you our military room, our supplies room, treasure room and even my chamber of course.\" She said innocently. Theodora hearts skipped a beat as she heard what her sister says. \"The treasure room? It's seems tempting.\" Oz said laugh a little. \"I can tour the wizard myself.\" Theodora said hurriedly. Evanora shook her head. \"No sister, I'm sure the wizard wants someone who experience long enough in this palace to be guided with. Beside it is my job to serve the king.\" Said Evanora. Theodora tried as hard as possible to hide her disappointment. And finally, at the end of dinner, Theodora headed back to her chamber feel a bit bitter of her sister. But still, she believed them both would not do such things to hurt her. They both knew what a special connection she has with the wizard. So she let them be. Oz and Evanora went out touring the palace. They went to the history room, which is full with antics of the late kings, supplies room, military room, Theodora's chamber, as they chat a little with her, and they off again, until they reach one of the tower, and walking through some bridge to cross over another tower. \"Thank you for the tour.\" Said Oz as they walk together. \"It's my job.\" Evanora said. \"Giving tours?\" he asked. \"Taking care of the king.\" She said correcting. \"In fact I've been thinking, maybe we should bring out a big feast…\" Oz started to babble out his plan to Evanora. But she stopped him by pointing out a different topic. \"You know my sister have been telling me that you're magic is really quite powerful.\" Evanora said. \"Really?\" He said as he thought how much faith Theodora had put to him. \"Ah yes, dazzling all the one who witnesses.\" Oz said again as he remembers that he must act like The Wizard. \"Oh I do wish I could see it for myself. Why not show me now?\" she pleaded. \"Now?\" Oz widens his eyes. \"Yes.\" She said. Oz thought a moment. \"All things in good time. And good time for all things.\" Oz said smilingly, making excuses. \"Yes, very wise and true.\" Evanora said bit disappoint, but still try to look welcome to him. \"Well there's one more room, I want to show you.\" She said as she opened a big green solid iron door. \"The royal treasure of Oz.\" Oz entered the room, and his jaw dropped, and his heart beat furiously as he put his palm on his chest because of he sees right in front of his own eyes. The room full of gold, gems, and diamonds. Everything he had ever dreamed of. \"It belonged to foreverest king.\" Evanora said. It's ok wizard, go on and enjoy your richness.\" She said. Oz falls on his back at the mounted gold coins. As he shouted in joy and happiness of how he will never a racked clothes, and how he will live the exclusive luxurious life as he throw the gold coins over him. Showering himself with gold. \"All of these are mine at last!\" he shouted ignoring Evanora who watching him with a sly smile. \"Um, not quite yet. You will only become king after you killed the wicked witch. And since you haven't done any of it, you're not…\" \"Actually king.\" He continue her last word as disappoint looked crept in Oz face. \"Yes. And killing her won't be easy.\" Evanora said. \"Killing? But no one told me anything about killing anybody.\" Oz said as he shocked by the idea of killing someone, especially a woman. \"Well, if you're not interested in killing, we can just forget about the whole thing, the gold, rubies, the chalices…\" she said as she backs at Oz and walking away. \"Wait! I'm interested. It's just I'm not sure of killing a Lady.\" Oz said as he stopped her. \"She's not a Lady, she's a wicked witch, and your magic is the only thing that strong enough to defeat her. All you have to do is journeyed to the dark forest, and destroy her wand.\" She said facing him. \"Her wand?\" Oz asked. \"Yes the source of her power. Without it she'll die.\" She said. \"So I have to do this, soon?\" \"Yes, first thing in the morning. Wicked time must be done soon.\" She said. So soon? What about Theodora? He thought. \"I even haven't said goodbye to Theodora, and she'll be upset...\" \"I will talk to her in the morning, and tell her how much you love her, how she…\" What business do I have with her? forget about her! He thought as he fights with his heart. \"No. Don't say anything.\" He said finally. \"Alright, I will say whatever you wanted me to say. But, are you going to safe us all or not?\" asked Evanora almost pleaded. Oz turn his head looked to the treasure, all dazzling yellow and green, shower his greedy eyes. Oz then took one coin, tossed it up, grab it again as he points his thumb to him and said. \"I'm your wizard.\" Oz lay on his king bed, staring up the ceiling. Well I guess I won't need a stage and all the property of show. All I got to do is just break the wicked witch's wand. Be the king, get the gold, and get the hell out of here. Simple. He thought smilingly. But what if the wicked witch would kill me? He thought as he swallowed a gulp. This could be my last night. I better enjoy my night. But how? Wait, maybe I could sneak to Theodora's chamber for a moment. Wait no. I couldn't, I should be doing something good before I die. He thought finally. Oz finally closed his eyes and went to sleep. ","Summary":" Author's note: I've watch Oz the great and powerful, and at the ending of the movie I felt almost p"},{"Movie":"Oz the Great and Powerful","Title":"Dance Me to the End of Love","Author":"Gleekloser808","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9520053","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer I do not own Criminal Minds Cast or Oz great and Powerful I only own Julia :) Julia Gale has had a lot on her plate in the past five years. She graduated high school top of her class. She trained really hard in Kansas University where she studied criminal justice. Julia moved to Quantico Virginia where she just finished her FBI training and she has excelled in everything and even has an interview with the Behavioral Analysis Unit that she could ever dream of. She also had changed in appearance, she now had blonde hair practically with brown streaks and she dressed in more form fitting clothes Pencil skirts and blouses being her particular favorite yet her face was still flawless and beautiful as before But there is one thing that haunts her to this day. More like a who. Oscar Diggs. The man that she fell in love with five years ago, she still wears the ring that he gave her. She wears it on a necklace so no one get's suspicious. She has felt his presence at all of her important events like the Wizard of Oz production. She knew that he was there because he left green roses in her dressing room with a note. Julia sighs and walks into the FBI headquarters. Julia's POV I am shaking on the inside, this is always what I wanted but there are a lot of people out there that want it just as much as me. I got into the elevator and pressed six, \"Hold the elevator,\" someone yells I oblige and hold the door open to see a tall man of with a dark skin man with a charming grin and a toned fit body running in. \"Thanks,\" \"No problem, what floor?\" I ask politely. \"6th please.\" He asks still giving me that charming smile; it kind of made me sad because it reminds me of Oscar's smile. \"Well look at that I'm already going that way.\" I say smiling myself. \"Wait you're not Julia Gale are you?\" The man asks. \"That would in fact be me and you are?\" I ask as the door opens to the sixth floor. \"The name is Derek Morgan happy I got to meet you before your interview, and let me say I'm impressed with you're file. I think you would make a great addition to this team.\" He says holding the door open for me. \"Thanks, that's very kind of you to say but they may give it to someone with more experience in the field I mean I just got hired, having an FBI agent fresh out of the academy in the BAU is very rare.\" I say as we begin to part ways. \"Have confidence, kid,\" I smile and wave bye and walk to the office that said, S.S.A. Aaron Hotchner and I knock on the door, \"Agent Hotchner?\" Agent Hotcner looks up at me and waves me in I automatically close the door out of habit. \"Well, I have to say that this interview is out of courtesy of the other agents who applied. We want you on the team. We just have to make it act like an interview is going on.\" Aaron gives a smile and I smile back. \"Thank you Agent Hotchner! You won't regret this.\" I say shaking his hand. \"I know, and please call me Aaron or Hotch. We actually have a case in Kansas can you be ready in a half an hour.\" \"Yes I actually brought a go bag just in case.\" I blush admitting that. \"Good, are you going to be okay working in your hometown?\" I nod, my Dad and stepmom died two years ago from a strange electric accident. It was odd the skin was a greenish color and I'm sorry I'm rambling can I go meet the rest of the team?\" Aaron nods and I smile and walk out the room and meet Jenifer Jareu, Alex Blake, Spencer Reid, David Rossi, and Penelope Garcia and I feel welcomed. No POV A girl is being picked up by the storm with the help of furry flying creatures. The girl died of electrocution but not from lightning or by a bad plug no an evil woman was out to find the girl that ruined her life and finish her, breaking the heart of the beloved Wizard and then taking the kingdom would be easy with him in mourning. The woman laughs and flies away as the storm comes closer to her. Soon the girl will be hers and her plan will fall into place. Or so she thinks. Also in Kansas a monkey, bad woman turned good again and a certain China Girl are looking for a beloved friend to warn her about what the evil woman is up to. Both groups not knowing that Julia is in another state. I hope you guys liked it, I know you may not have expected it to be a cross over as well, but i hope that doesn't prevent you from reading it it's just when i was writing ideas the idea of her being in the BAU with the criminal minds cast just stuck and i thought it would be a good way to ease our way back in the story. and let me clarify the Criminal Minds cast plays a minor role in this series alright review and let me know what you think~Sara[Chapter 2] I only own Julia Oscar's POV I need her help, I need her in general. I was stupid to let her go. Now everything seems to be going wrong. Evanora vanished and is no longer in Oz, which is terrifying, but she has a helper here to cause destruction. I can't shake the feeling that I know where Evanora is maybe it's because I don't want to believe that she's where Julia is. Stalking her every move. That makes my blood boil. Just to calm myself though I sent Theodora, Finley and China girl over Kansas just to make sure. I feel someone touch me and I jump and turn around to see Glinda. \"Sorry I didn't intend to frighten you.\" Glinda says with a soft smile, \"It's just Finley just contacted me and said that they couldn't find Julia and the place where she lives wasn't there anymore.\" \"Do we know if she's gone?\" I ask my voice low I don't want to think that she could be dead but that was a thought is imprinted on my mind anyway. Glinda walks over to her crystal ball and after touching it Julia, and a group of people I don't recognize as they are boarding a plane. \"That doesn't look like Kansas.\" Glinds hushes me. \"Why tornadoes what is so significant about them that makes it the best coverup?\" An older man says with black hair with grays on the side and a beard.\" \"Kansas is one of the top states that get tornadoes. One hit and knocked me out in high school.\" Julia offers. \"Maybe this person lost someone in a tornado\" \"This person is meticulous and he makes sure that he doesn't get caught but the weird thing is they didn't die in a tornado they died of electrocution.\" A man of color states looking over papers. The blonde states, \"Well let's not forget that all these victims are all girls and have similar features so it may be a man that lost his wife, girlfriend or a daughter.\" Julia's head rises up the electrocution must of raise alarms. Glinda gets a closer look at the paper; the pictures of the girls look a lot like Julia. \"Julia, these girls kind of look like you.\" A boy with brown hair and sweater vest on says. \"I realize that Spencer,\" she is fidgeting with a necklace which has the ring I left for her which makes me smile. \"Well, the odds of it being you are slim to none.\" A man who looks angry said with a little sympathy in his voice., \"But if it is would an ex do something like this.\" \"Or father?\" The brunette woman asks. \"I don't have an ex and my father's dead same way these girls died actually.\" \"Do you know anyone who could do this than?\" The brunette asks again. \"One person but it would be impossible for her to get her.\" \"Wait her?\" The sweater vest man questions. \"Yeah.\" The picture fades and I look at Glinda, \"Evanora knew she wasn't in Kansas and made it so Julia had to come to her. I have to go there.\" Glinda stops me, \"Oz, you know you can't do that. You're needed here. Theodora Finley and China girl will figure everything out it will be fine! She'll be fine I promise.\" \"Glinda send me to Kansas.\" Julia's POV We get off the plane and I am still fiddling with my necklace as we head to the station. There is no way that Evanora can be here. She couldn't have known about the spell that Glinda casted on me to send me back home. That would explain the fire and my parents' death. I can't tell the team about them they will think that I'm crazy for sure. \"You okay?\" I look up to see JJ giving me a smile; \"You've been playing with that necklace since Spence mentioned that the victims looked like you.\" I smile, my boyfriend gave this to me before he left to always remember him by and said when he comes back he was going to exchange it for a wedding ring.\" I smile, \"We were young at the time so I put it on a necklace so no one would know what it actually was.\" \"That's romantic, maybe you'll run into him while you're here.\" JJ offers I mentally automatically reject the idea but I shrug. \"Maybe who knows?\" I say as we get out of the cars and walk into the police station where Chief Jones sees me. \"Well, look what rolled in Miss Julia Gale.\" He says giving me a hug, \"How have you been?\" \"Never better.\" I smile, \"I'm with the FBI now sand we're here to help.\" \"Great we'll get you guys set up.\" Chief Jones tells them and leads us to the conference room when I hear a familiar voice. \"I need to talk to them now!\" I turn around along with the team to see Theodora and two children with her. One had blonde hair and a blue dress with red lips and big blue eyes. China girl I think and the boy had brown hair and was eating a banana. Finley. \"Theodora?\" I ask and she looks up I nod at the officer and she and the children come forward. \"Ma'am, are you okay?\" Morgan asks a little flirtatiously making Garcia a little upset. \"She's here.\" My face pales and Hotch comes forward. \"Who?\" He asks. \"Evanora.\" I say. \"Whose that?\" Chief Jones asks a little confused like the rest of the team. I turn to tell them when another voice comes in, \"Not someone you really want to know. I turn my head and see him my heart skips a beat. \"Oscar?\" \"Hello, Beautiful.\" Hello, Thank you for Support and I hope you enjoyed it i was trying to figure out if i wanted to end it with Theodora but i figured could have you guys waiting for them to reunite! So please review and tell me if you like it or hate it or don't know how to feel alright love you all bye! ~Sara[Chapter 3] Disclaimer I only own Julia My breath hitches and I become light headed as I see the man that I love so much standing right before. \"Oscar Diggs?\" It is more of a statement than a question. My giddiness in seeing him soon changes into a mixture of emotions. Theodora and the kids turn and scream and interrupt my train of thought, \"Oz!\" All three of them run and give them hugs, but I can't bring my legs to move close to him. I'm very conflicted with how I feel. I'm happy he's here and that I'm seeing him in the flesh and he's real because he returned the hugs that he was given. I look at the team who I feel sorry for because they have no idea what's going on? I turn back to Oz and I finally walk over to where he is. Oscar smiles at me and I can't control myself I slap him across the face. Then I start pounding on his chest Theodora drags me off of him, \"I'll admit I deserved that, look Julez I know you're mad.\" \"Mad Oz, I'm furious, you sent me away! I loved you and you sent me away!\" I push Theodora off me, \"I can forgive but I can't forget, you didn't even contact me or tried. Did you even think of me?\" I don't know what is coming over me but I think all that built up inside of me five years is a long time not to see someone that you care for deeply. I turn my back on him. \"Can we talk about this privately?\" Oscar asks I hear his footsteps getting closer, His hands begin to rub my arms. \"Now's not a very good time.\" I whisper pulling away from his grasp, \"We are here on a case and I've gotten word that our good friend Evanora's back and with a vengeance. \"Hold on can someone fill us in?\" I look over to find Aaron crossing his arms in a grim manner. \"Well not all of it can be completely explained without you guys thinking I'm crazy or thinking we're all crazy.\" I reply when an officer comes running in. \"We've got a problem there's a twister coming full on this way and the lightning sir.\" We all are silent so he can continue, \"It's green sir.\" I look at Oz and then to Theodora, Finley and China Girl and we all run outside the team following the twister was coming at a rapid speed and the lightning was green but it is a continuing bolt and it looks like it is coming from a single person like a certain witch that has a vendetta against me. I'm sure she's controlling the storm. \"We need to get to cover now!\" I scream turning around to see the team frozen with fear. A loud cackling rings in my ear and I look up to see a woman in green and she flies into the storm that is now taking the building next to the station. \"Everyone inside.!\" Everyone runs inside and we all huddle together and we feel the building lift Most of the people ran home I come to realize. I close my eyes. \"I DO NOT WANT TO DIE TODAY!\" Derek yells I look at him and I shake my head. \"We aren't dying.\" I say. \"It is reported that no one is survives when being sucked into a vortex especially a twister.\" Spencer retorts. We abruptly plop down and we all slowly begin to stand up. I look at Oz, then at Theodora then Finley and China Girl. With the snap of her finger Finley turned back into a monkey and China girl back in her doll form. This makes the team jump, \"It's not possible, \" Agent Rossi says. I turn around and open the door to the world that is so colorful and I smile. \"Guys, look.\" JJ says walking outside and realizing she is stepping in water. I walk out and I take a look around and I know exactly where we are. The team walks out and get toward the land. \"Guys, Welcome to Oz.\" I smile and I walk deeper in the woods no one follows me because they know that I want my privacy and I respect them for that. I go into the opening and I close my eyes. \"This is where we first met and this is where we camped when we ran into Theodora. You remember?\" Oscar asks his footsteps coming closer to me. I turn around and I cross my arms, \"How could I forget Oscar, I remember falling asleep, and you were kind enough to lay your jacket over me to keep me warm. You know I understand why you sent me away and I knew that you cared about me and it made me think how selfless you really were. Then I got angry when I didn't see you not even in my dreams it's like you fell off the face of the earth. I hated you for awhile and I didn't even want to wear the ring anymore!\" Oscar walks closer to me and holds my face in his hands, \"There wasn't a day that went by that I hadn't thought of you. I kept tabs on you for a long time, but I've been busy in the past year that I didn't even know that you moved out of town.\" \"Oscar?\" My breathing is a little uneven because he is so close. \"Yes, beautiful?\" Oscar whispered. \"Kiss me.\" Oscar smiles and brings my face closer to his until our lips meet. All the hateful feelings and anger melted away with his kiss and his touch. I love this man, I love him with all my heart. I'm sorry it's up so late i didn't know how to execute this chapter but i hope you enjoyed it and i thank you guys for the support and keep reviewing i appreciate it and i want to know what you like and don't like and what you would like to see. ~Sara[Chapter 4] Disclaimer: I only own Julia :) Oscar's POV This woman with every breath I take in between kisses the more I realize how much I truly love her. \"I've missed you so much\" I say as I hug her. \"I've missed you too, Wizard,\" She whispers her face buried in my shoulder and I rub small circles on her lower back and we start to just sway. I hear the music from the music box playing. Julia lifts her head up and she turns around and Finley is there with the music box open. \"I'll leave.\" Julia laughs and we continue to say Julia laying her head on my shoulder again. \"I wish we could stay like this forever. Just us no one else no problems nothing.\" Julia says. \"I know,\" I pull away from the embrace and rubbed her upper arms noticing her wincing my brow furrows, \"You okay?\" Julia smiles and nods, \"Yeah I'm fine.\" I don't buy it and I pull down her shirt to se bruises in a shape of a hand. \"Julia..\" I close my eyes not wanting to know who did that to her. \"Oz, don't. You don't want to go down this road. It's better if you didn't know.\" Julia says putting her shirt back she tries to move and leave but I block her way. \"You aren't leaving till I find out why you have a bruise in the shape of a handprint on your arm. \" Julie sighs, \"Ok, a few weeks ago a guy was trying to hit on me, I blew him of and he got a little rough.\" She looks and notices my hands clenching, \"I defended myself and I roughed him up a bit.\" I'm still tense I wasn't there and she almost got hurt. I look back at her and she tilts her head, \"Oscar, I'm fine.\" She puts her hand on my cheek and I lean in to her touch. I put my hand on the hand on my cheek, \"I know, I just wish I could've protected you.\" Julia giggles, it makes me smile, \"What's so funny, Beautiful?\" \"You're so old fashion it's so cute.\" Julia smiles. \"I forget that I'm dating a girl from the future,\" I say before I lean in and kiss her again. \"We need to get back to everyone else.\" Julia whispers pulling away and grabbing my hand. As we walk back Julia tells me about the team and their names. We walk back to the where everyone else is. \"I see you guys got acquainted.\" Julia says as Theodora was talking to the girls and the men were observing the monkey confused. \"I know it's crazy, I'm a talking monkey with wings.\" \"It's very odd indeed I've seen every type of species and none of them fit this.\" Spencer says. \"Is that even possible to know all the mammals by name?\" Finley questions examining the Doctor. \"I have an eidetic memory anything I read or hear I remember word for word.\" Reid counters. \"Okay we don't have much time we need to get to the Emerald City, Glinda needs us.\" I say. The 'team' as Julia calls them fell silent again, \"As in Glinda the good witch?\" Penelope asks and I reply with a nod. \"Is this a dream?\" Derek asks, Julia than pinches him, \"Ow!\" \"No not a dream.\" Julia and the team laughs along with Finley China Girl and Theodora, I find myself laughing to as well. Theodora leads the way and I walk with Julia our hands linked. Five years five long years, without her smile, her laugh, her sweet kisses, her eyes those hypnotizing eyes that I so desperately longed for is finally back with me. I look at her as she is talking to JJ. I smile and kiss the back of her head just because I can because I haven't seen her in five years the only difference is that this time I do not intend on letting her go. I hope you guys enjoyed this chapter, I was having a bad day and this kind of was therapeutic for me and i made it as fluffy as possible reviews a not necessary but very much appreciated and thank you all for your support. ~Sara[Chapter 5] Hi Everyone! I have been off for a while but I have hit a new wave of inspiration in this particular story and I would like to actually revamp it and maybe rewrite it since I am now older and my writing style has changed. I read this and kind of re-fell in love with the story so let me know if this is something you guys would be into! xoxo Sara ","Summary":" Disclaimer I do not own Criminal Minds Cast or Oz great and Powerful I only own Julia :) Julia Gale"},{"Movie":"Another Cinderella Story","Title":"mary and joey","Author":"sina-lina95","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10978771","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Are there somebody that can write a story abut Mary and Joy after the movie end and they are at manhattan dance academy of performing arts ","Summary":" Are there somebody that can write a story abut Mary and Joy after the movie end and they are at man"},{"Movie":"Another Cinderella Story","Title":"Forever Is a Long Time","Author":"kaileydallas123","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10638091","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Page 2 Forever Is A Long Time Prologue Life can really suck sometimes, as soon as you go on summer vacation so many things get in the way of simply relaxing. Sometimes all i want to do is absolutely nothing. Literally. No music, no t.v, no reading i just want to sit in my room in complete solitude without having to give a damn about school or what i have to do in the morning. Silence and solitude is good sometimes, but other times you don't want to be alone. Whenever you just want to pull your hair out because of all the overwhelming stress and you just need to be alone, people wont get the hell away from you. But when you need someone to be by your side; when your feeling lonely, the world gets darker and darker as you sorta enter a realm of isolation. Chapter 1 Good Mistakes \"Slow down! I have to run to keep up with you.\" exclaimed Tiffany \" I'm in a rush, I have to check out before noon otherwise the hotel is going to charge us for another day , and unless you have $300 to pay for an extra night i am running\" replied Kailey in an irritated tone. \" DigiFest begins in two minutes we are going to be late for one of our biggest tours, I told you to get up earlier Cam.\" said Yoshi \" I was up editing my video til 5am last night didn't get much sleep.\" explained Cameron staring at his phone. CRASH! \" WHY DON'T YOU WATCH WHERE YOUR WAL….\" her screaming fest was interrupted when she looked up and saw the most beautiful face she had ever seen. \" Oh my god, i am so sorry, its all my fault i didn't mean to crash into you\" said Cameron in a apologetic voice \" 1 minute Cam\" reminded Yoshi \" No its my fault i should have been watching where i was going, I'm Kailey by the way\" Kailey said with a smile. \" Cameron, listen i still feel really bad about this whole thing how bout i take you to a movie or something kinda like a I'm sorry for ruining your shoes with coffee please forgive me gesture?\" replied Cameron \" Sounds Good to me.\" she replied trying to contain her excitement. \" Meet you at 7 o'clock in the lobby.\" He said with a wink \" See you then.\" Kailey replied Tiffany waited til Cameron and Yoshi were half way down the hall before she started. \" Well I got to say thats a first, hi I'm gonna spill coffee all over you then ask you on a date.\" \"Well….\" Kailey said laughing , \" Whats the worst that can happen, if he is a creep then we go back to Chicago and never see him again.\" \"I can't believe I ran into her, how can i just ram into someone, spill coffee all over them, can't think of what to say then ask them out on a date\" Cameron said almost silently. \" You crashed into a girl and spilled coffee on her? I would have been so pissed off and demand ed a new dress.\" Nash said laughing almost uncontrollably. \" Gee thanks for the emotional support Nash very appreciated right now.\" Cameron said sarcastically. \" I'm surprised she didn't recognize you, she must live in a cardboard box.\" said Kian \"Or under a rock like Patrick Star.\" Ricky chimed. \" And that my friends is example of what not to say to somebody you just met.\" replied Cameron as he changed his shirt. \" Hi nice to meet you, would you mind holding my coffee on your shoes.\" chuckled Nash \" Why no, i love coffee on my shoes.\" said Kian in a girls voice \" Ok I'm leaving now i'll tell you how it went when i get home.\" Interuppted Cam in an annoyed voice. It usually doesn't get dark this early but for some reason all of street lights are on, the fire place is lit and there is a sweet vanilla aroma in the lobby. Even though I have only been standing here for 2 minutes it feels like I have been standing here longer. I really don't like wai…. \"You\" Kailey thought \"Look\" Cameron thought \" So\" Kailey thought \"Perfect.\" They thought as they stared at each other wide eyed. \" You look amazing Kailey.\" Cameron said with a smile. ' You look nice too.\" Kailey replied blushing \" Shall we go?\" Cameron said holding out his arm \" We shall.\" Kailey said with a shy smile as she grabbed his arm. Chapter 2 The Date I knew he was asking me questions to try to get to know me, but i was just fascinated by everything going on outside. The people zipping around in cars,skates or simply walking , the beautiful ocean, the foreign guy roller skating in a speedo ( i did not need to see that). \" Again, I am really sorry about what happened earlier that not usually how I like to greet people.\" Said Cameron trying to break up the awkward silence in the car. \" Oh, its ok no harm done.\" Kailey replied \"Do you know what movie you want to see?\" asked Cam as he was staring at his phone \" I was thinking we see Carrie.\" Said Kailey \" I heard that was supposed to be a great movie.\" Cam replied trying to keep up the conversation \" Speaking of the movies, i believe we have just arrived.\" said Cameron with a small smirk on his face. I couldn't believe what i was standing in front of, a huge building with hundreds maybe thousands of twinkling lights, a grand red carpet, velvet ropes and amazing smell of the fresh hot buttery popcorn. \" Two tickets for Carrie.\" Said Cameron as he handed the lady the money Right then Cameron took my hand and we walked inside the cinema and entered the theater that was showing Carrie. \" I'm surprised the theater isn't more crowded, its only 7'o clock it seems like we are the only two people here.\" Kailey said observantly. \" We will probably be the only two people here until this showing of the movie is over.\" replied Cam as he helped Kailey to her seat \" California is pretty busy i highly doubt that.\" replied Kailey \" Nope, im positive we will be the only two people here, because i rented out the theater for us tonight.\" said Cameron with an amused laugh and a slight smirk. Once the movie began I knew I didn't make a wise choice choosing Carrie. When I told Cameron I wanted to see Carrie, I wasn't lying but there is just too much blood. I didn't want to resort to this Kailey thought. I lifted up the arm of the chair separating the two seats and nestled her head on his chest, hiding my eyes from the horror that was taking place on screen. I don't know what it is but everything about him is comforting. His warmth, his smile , the way he whispers in my ear its ok cause he knows I'm scared out of my mind and i don't want to admit it. I just stayed there for the rest of the movie nestled in his shirt as he stroked my forehead. Drunk on the very thought of him, tuning out the world and slowly drifting off. She looks so beautiful when she is sleeping, i just want to kiss her cam thought as he stared at the screen blankly. I bet that would look nice \"this just in Cameron Dallas the creeper who kisses random girls as they sleep.\" \"Since when do i care about what other people think\" Cam thought as he lightly kissed her forehead. \" Kailey, wake up the movie is over now.\" says Cam softly Groggily opening her eyes she says \" That was a good movie.\" Cam smirked \" I'm glad you enjoyed it, how bout we get some sushi.\" \" Ok...\" Kailey replied with a smile \" I was thinking we can walk rather than take the car, its a nice night.\" Cameron said as if this was a divine revelation.\" Kailey smiled as Cam grabbed for her hand; you don't really notice all of the little things in the rush of it all. All of the lights and sounds and so many people; sometimes you can get out of touch with the important things. The silly things that are only important to you for no apparent reason. How strong his hands are like they could hold up the sky or how he is warm like he has his own sun even the way he contorts his face just to make you laugh. Or how he could be discussing something stupid like types of corn just to talk to you. Some people would say drawing out conversations and unnecessary humor in every day life is pointless, should not be applaud upon but frowned against. All these little \"imperfections' are what make someone perfect. We walked and talked about an assortment of random and quite unusual topics just to keep the conversation longer than it had to be. I especially love the way he looks at me like every word I have to say holds the upmost importance. When we finally reached the restaurant... ( to be continued) ","Summary":" Page 2 Forever Is A Long Time Prologue Life can really suck sometimes, as soon as you go on summer "},{"Movie":"Another Cinderella Story","Title":"An Online Friendship","Author":"AshTheWoodMan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13210873","Passage":"[Chapter 1] p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"text-align: justify; text-justify: inter-ideograph;\"span style=\"font-size: 14.0pt; line-height: 125%; mso-fareast-font-family: Calibri; mso-bidi-font-family: Calibri; mso-bidi-theme-font: minor-latin;\"An Online Friendship/span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"text-align: justify; text-justify: inter-ideograph;\"span style=\"font-size: 14.0pt; line-height: 125%; mso-fareast-font-family: Calibri; mso-bidi-font-family: Calibri; mso-bidi-theme-font: minor-latin;\"Chapter One/span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"text-align: justify; text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-indent: .5in;\"span style=\"font-size: 12.0pt; line-height: 125%; mso-fareast-font-family: Calibri; mso-bidi-font-family: Calibri; mso-bidi-theme-font: minor-latin;\"\"Hello, is anyone there?\" A fourteen-year-old girl named Talia asked on her mic./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"text-align: justify; text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-indent: .5in;\"span style=\"font-size: 12.0pt; line-height: 125%; mso-fareast-font-family: Calibri; mso-bidi-font-family: Calibri; mso-bidi-theme-font: minor-latin;\"\"Yeah, I'm here.\" Luke answered the fourteen-year-old boy. \"Hi. My name is Talia, I'm 14 years old and I live in England.\" Talia said. \"I'm Luke, I'm also 14 and I live in America.\"/span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"text-align: justify; text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-indent: .5in;\"span style=\"font-size: 12.0pt; line-height: 125%; mso-fareast-font-family: Calibri; mso-bidi-font-family: Calibri; mso-bidi-theme-font: minor-latin;\"Talia and Luke played together on a game called Ro-Games. They had a wonderful time together playing games like hunger games. Every day was amazing, and they grew close to each other. A few months passed, and Luke learned to really love Talia./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"text-align: justify; text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-indent: .5in;\"span style=\"font-size: 12.0pt; line-height: 125%; mso-fareast-font-family: Calibri; mso-bidi-font-family: Calibri; mso-bidi-theme-font: minor-latin;\"After being beaten in a game of Hunger Games he said, \"Hey Talia, I was wondering if you wanted to play a game that I am good at, so I can beat you in the game for once.\"/span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"text-align: justify; text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-indent: .5in;\"span style=\"font-size: 12.0pt; line-height: 125%; mso-fareast-font-family: Calibri; mso-bidi-font-family: Calibri; mso-bidi-theme-font: minor-latin;\"Talia agreed, saying she would still win. They played Four Corners, where Luke won every single game. Finally, Talia said, \"Okay Luke, you made your point, I should go easier on you, so you can win once and a while.\" /span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"text-align: justify; text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-indent: .5in;\"span style=\"font-size: 12.0pt; line-height: 125%; mso-fareast-font-family: Calibri; mso-bidi-font-family: Calibri; mso-bidi-theme-font: minor-latin;\"\"Duh.\" Luke said, smiling and thinking that they would someday meet. Even though Talia never really met him, she was drawn to him. It seemed every day she spent with him she liked him more./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"text-align: justify; text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-indent: .5in;\"span style=\"font-size: 12.0pt; line-height: 125%; mso-fareast-font-family: Calibri; mso-bidi-font-family: Calibri; mso-bidi-theme-font: minor-latin;\"\"Talia! Get off your laptop and spend time with your family.\" Talia's Mum said. \"Just five more minutes with Luke, please?\" Talia pleaded. Talia's Mum grunted, \"Who is this Luke?\" /span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"text-align: justify; text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-indent: .5in;\"span style=\"font-size: 12.0pt; line-height: 125%; mso-fareast-font-family: Calibri; mso-bidi-font-family: Calibri; mso-bidi-theme-font: minor-latin;\"\"Mum! He is my best friend. Please five mins.\" Talia begged. Her mum sighed and said five minutes./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"text-align: justify; text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-indent: .5in;\"span style=\"font-size: 12.0pt; line-height: 125%; mso-fareast-font-family: Calibri; mso-bidi-font-family: Calibri; mso-bidi-theme-font: minor-latin;\"Talia said to Luke after her Mum leaving, \"Hey Luke I go to go, my mum wants me off the laptop for some family time.\"/span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"text-align: justify; text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-indent: .5in;\"span style=\"font-size: 12.0pt; line-height: 125%; mso-fareast-font-family: Calibri; mso-bidi-font-family: Calibri; mso-bidi-theme-font: minor-latin;\"\"That's fine, my mom said I should get off as well. I guess I will see you tomorrow.\" Luke said as he turned off his mic. Talia sighed and left her room to go to the dining room and play a game with her twin sister, Lucy. \"Hey sis.\" Talia said glumly. \"Oh, come on, you spend all day with your boyfriend, give sometime with your sister and family. Oh, and what game?\" Lucy said, smiling./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"text-align: justify; text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-indent: .5in;\"span style=\"font-size: 12.0pt; line-height: 125%; mso-fareast-font-family: Calibri; mso-bidi-font-family: Calibri; mso-bidi-theme-font: minor-latin;\"\"HE IS NOT MY BOYFRIEND!\" Talia yelled at her sister, being twins was harder than it looked./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"text-align: justify; text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-indent: .5in;\"span style=\"font-size: 12.0pt; line-height: 125%; mso-fareast-font-family: Calibri; mso-bidi-font-family: Calibri; mso-bidi-theme-font: minor-latin;\"\"I knew it, you are denying it because you know it is true!\" Lucy said. Talia sighed, sometimes her sister could be so childish. \"Fine, maybe I want him to be.\" Talia said. \"Okay, good enough, now pick a game.\" Talia picked Kingdom Castle./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"text-align: justify; text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-indent: .5in;\"span style=\"font-size: 12.0pt; line-height: 125%; mso-fareast-font-family: Calibri; mso-bidi-font-family: Calibri; mso-bidi-theme-font: minor-latin;\"After playing five games, night began to fall. Talia and Lucy biked to pick up food and gobbled it down. Lucy had ordered a pineapple pizza, much to Talia's displeasure, thinking that the idea of pineapple on pizza was ridiculous, she ordered a plain cheese./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"text-align: justify; text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-indent: .5in;\"span style=\"font-size: 12.0pt; line-height: 125%; mso-fareast-font-family: Calibri; mso-bidi-font-family: Calibri; mso-bidi-theme-font: minor-latin;\"Once at home, Talia went to bed after everyone else, but couldn't fall asleep. She stared, restlessly at the blank celling above her, then sighed, she got out of her bed to check if Luke was online. To her luck, he was so she turned her mic and talked to Luke. Luke, though, had left his computer on and mic. He was sleeping when he heard her voice. He quickly said \"Hi\" and played a few games with Talia before they both went to bed./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"text-align: justify; text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-indent: .5in;\"span style=\"font-size: 12.0pt; line-height: 125%; mso-fareast-font-family: Calibri; mso-bidi-font-family: Calibri; mso-bidi-theme-font: minor-latin;\"That morning, when Talia got up Luke was already up and playing, she was thrilled, despite their time difference, he seemed to always be on, even when it was night time there. Although, Luke's plans weren't the same as Talia's, for had no intentions to play with Talia. He was playing with a few of his old school friends when Talia dropped in on him./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"text-align: justify; text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-indent: .5in;\"span style=\"font-size: 12.0pt; line-height: 125%; mso-fareast-font-family: Calibri; mso-bidi-font-family: Calibri; mso-bidi-theme-font: minor-latin;\"\"Hey Luke!\" she had said while Luke was talking to another one of his friends. They laughed at him saying, \"Dude, no way you are friends with a girl.\" And poor Talia was fighting against them saying there was nothing wrong with having a girl as a friend. Luke was so embarrassed, but he still sat there listening to them fight./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"text-align: justify; text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-indent: .5in;\"span style=\"font-size: 12.0pt; line-height: 125%; mso-fareast-font-family: Calibri; mso-bidi-font-family: Calibri; mso-bidi-theme-font: minor-latin;\"Finally, Talia said, \"Luke, let's play Hunger Games and leave these fools. We just need each other to have fun.\" Luke stalled for a minute, then said. \"Uh, Talia, I'm sorry, but these are my bros, some of my best friends. I-I-I can't play with you today, sorry.\"/span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"text-align: justify; text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-indent: .5in;\"span style=\"font-size: 12.0pt; line-height: 125%; mso-fareast-font-family: Calibri; mso-bidi-font-family: Calibri; mso-bidi-theme-font: minor-latin;\"\"Wha, but I'm your best friend. I thought…\" Talia's voice trailed off as she ran out of her room, leaving the mic on. Talia ran as far and as fast as should could. No one in her house was up, so no one saw her leave. She ran to her favorite place, the lake that had a lot of trees surrounding it and ducks swimming on the water./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"text-align: justify; text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-indent: .5in;\"span style=\"font-size: 12.0pt; line-height: 125%; mso-fareast-font-family: Calibri; mso-bidi-font-family: Calibri; mso-bidi-theme-font: minor-latin;\"Once Talia got there, she buried her face in her knees and cried. All she wanted was for Luke to stand up for her, love her, like she had loved him. She then wondered; em style=\"mso-bidi-font-style: normal;\"What if Luke never loved me, what if he just wanted someone to play with. No, /emshe thoughtem style=\"mso-bidi-font-style: normal;\", he loved me, we have known each other for a year now, there's more than just a friendship there, but I can't always be the person he plays with…/em/span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"text-align: justify; text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-indent: .5in;\"span style=\"font-size: 12.0pt; line-height: 125%; mso-fareast-font-family: Calibri; mso-bidi-font-family: Calibri; mso-bidi-theme-font: minor-latin;\" /span/p ","Summary":" p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"text-align: justify; text-justify: inter-ideograph;\"span style=\"fon"},{"Movie":"Another Cinderella Story","Title":"Joey dances to find Cinderella","Author":"dprincess87","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12929307","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Masquerade Ball Just after midnight Still at the dance, Joey is thinking of a plan to find his Cinderella. Originally, Joey thought of using the Zune's most listened to songs to find his Cinderella. However, after being coersed in to watching all versions of Cinderella by his adorable nieces, it showed that it will not be simple. If anything, she will probably not come forward, judging her reaction at his reveal or her quick escape. So another comes to Joey, to dance with all females or at least be near to get body language. It is possible to tell who dances and Joey's dream girl will not need music to dance. One major obstacle is how females travel in packs and giggle. This will not bode well. He needs to speak to The Funk Talking with his main man The Funk, showed them both how they underestimated this journey. Originally, they would both speak to the school through the speakers and then have them line up and tell the songs. All this would do is cause mayhem and cause wrong attention. There was a reason that Cinderella left. They both agreed to lay low and focus on the major competition at the end of the month. Worst comes to worst, hope she attends. Next Day at school Joey and The Funk arrive at school and both act how they did yesterday. It was important to not show that their lives had changed dramatically. It would be interesting to see how the other people react. ","Summary":" Masquerade Ball Just after midnight Still at the dance, Joey is thinking of a plan to find his Cind"},{"Movie":"Another Cinderella Story","Title":"But For Now","Author":"Shealtiel","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11399780","Passage":"[Chapter 1] But For Now – Chapter 1: Talk about my future A/N: Quick pre-cursor to the story: 1. I'm not sure how long this will be or how much of it will actually get posted, but feel free to follow, as there will most likely be more. 2. We're all going to pretend Mary is actually an exceptional dancer, because as we all know, her dancing in the movie is not anything super special. But hey, she got a full scholarship to MAPA, so we'll just pretend. Enjoy. May 2009 Dancing was everything to her. She couldn't just leave it all behind so that she could follow him around the world or some shit. He knew this! He knew better than anyone how important dance was to her. He had spent her second semester of Senior Year living in a cute little apartment in Manhattan, to be with her while she danced! He'd even left Dustin in Beverly Hills with Tami, because he knew Manhattan Academy of Performing Arts was where Mary had to be, and to him, that meant it was where he had to be too. And now he was asking her this ? Who did he think she was? She thought that they had spent the last year getting to know each other, to really care about and love each other. And now… well, he was asking her to just up and leave her chance at a real dance career, to play the part of back up dancer on tour with him. \"I'm asking for us! If you came on tour, we could be together! We'd be able to see each other every day. Fall asleep together and wake up next to each other. It'd be perfect. Everything that I want.\" \"Joey.\" Part of her couldn't believe he was even asking her. \"I know what you're gonna say Mary,\" he interrupted. It just made her more upset. \"That you can't just give up on a dance career. But I'm not asking for you to do this forever. I just… you can join a company when we get back next year! I'm only asking for six months, a year tops!\" \"Joey, no!\" she yelled. He looked at her, startled at her outburst. \"I might not ever get this kind of chance again! And if I say no now, they might not want me again in six months or a year!\" \"Mary, that's ridiculous! You're an incredible dancer, anybody'd be lucky to have you!\" \"Joey. You don't just say no to Alvin Ailey and expect them to take you back whenever you're ready.\" She turned away from him, because she couldn't look at him while she said this, in case she started to cry. \"I can't believe you're… you're even asking. Do you remember what you said to me, a year ago, when we were roadtripping to New York?\" \"Mary! Yes! Of course I remember. And I meant it!\" He took her arm and pulled her around to look at him. She looked at the floor instead of at him. \"Then why are you asking me?\" \"Mary, I… I'm doing this for us. For our relationship.\" She shook her head and pulled her arm away from him. -|xxx|- June 2008 His eyes were on the road and he looked deep in thought; Mary was looking out her own window and not expecting him to speak. \"You're gonna kill this, you know?\" She jumped, startled by him. He laughed. \"Sorry, didn't mean to startle you.\" She laughed too. \"It's fine, you just hadn't said anything for a while.\" He smiled over at her for a moment before returning his attention to the road. \"I'm serious. You are perfect for dance school.\" She raised an eyebrow. \"Don't you mean dance school is perfect for me?\" \"Nah, for real, they need you at Manhattan Academy Mary, to show 'em how it's done.\" He nudged her knee playfully and smiled. \"Everyone is going to be in awe of you.\" She just smiled. \"Thanks. I'm really nervous. What if no one likes me?\" \"Mary. Please. All of the girls will want to be you, and the guys had better stay far away from you, as hard as I know it's gonna be for them.\" Joey smirked at her. Mary blushed. \"Joey. Tha-that's ridiculous! Psshh.\" Joey just grinned even bigger at her adorable awkwardness at the idea. \"Mary, despite your unwillingness to believe it, you're an appealing person! I was into you way before the whole dance thing, I just didn't know how to approach you. And then… I don't know, I guess I convinced myself I had something special with Mystery Dance Girl, which I most certainly did, and so I dismissed what I felt for you.\" \"Really? Is that true?\" she said shyly, blinking up at him. \"Of course it's true!\" he answered. \"Mary, I would never lie to you.\" He drummed his hands on the wheel. \"And you're going to be an amazing dancer. You already are. And you've got a whole career ahead of you.\" \"You think I could… you think I can make it as a dancer?\" she intoned nervously. \"Because I can't stop thinking about it. What if I waste my senior year trying to be great at something I'm not, and it all just… what if I crash and burn?\" \"Mary.\" He reached his arm across the space between them to rest behind her neck in reassurance. \"You have some crazy skills. And I mean that in the best way possible! You are going places!\" He smirked and chuckled. \"And hey, if you don't land some sort of crazy amazing contract after you finish high school – which I know you will, by the way – you will always be welcome to dance with me.\" Mary sighed. \"I don't want to just have a job that I know I got because my boyfriend happens to be in the business. I want to know I earned it.\" \"And you will Mary. I promise. Everyone will want you! And I will be sad not to have you in my show, but I get it. You never have to work for me if you don't want that.\" He smiled and gave her hand a squeeze before returning his to the wheel. -|xxx|- May 2009 \"Joey, this isn't for 'our relationship',\" she put air quotes around it. \"You said it yourself, it's just what you want. But you're not thinking about what I want!\" He sighed and put his hand to his forehead, massaging his temples in stress. There was silence between them for a minute, and he took the time to sit down on the couch nearby. \"We don't usually fight, do we?\" he asked quietly. Mary perched across from him in an armchair. \"No. Only about big things.\" \"Things that matter,\" he added. \"Right. Because we fought about where you were gonna live, before you moved out here.\" He chuckled, but it wasn't an amused sound. \"We fought a lot , about where I was gonna live.\" \"Still the worst two weeks of my life.\" She gave him a wide-eyed look. \"And Domi- freak raised me! Go figure!\" He laughed, despite their argument. \"This is considerably better than those two weeks.\" -|xxx|- October 2008 \"We can't keep doing this Joey.\" She hated that they were having this conversation over the phone. \"I am sick of pretending like things are fine with us, like being apart the past few months isn't affecting us. I want to be with you, I do , but you can't expect me to just sit here and wait for some magazine pictures or internet articles to come my way, showing you with this girl this month, and that one the next!\" \"Mary, I don't… I don't know what else I can say to you!\" he answered, as riled up as she was. \"I have told you time and time again that these girls mean nothing to me. I have not given even one of them a second thought, it's just people taking pictures and twisting the truth! Half of them are just girls from the dance school, who want to take advantage of the fact that you're not here! This is what they want, to come between us!\" \"Well it's working!\" Mary intoned. \"I'm sick of seeing pictures of you with girl after girl after girl everywhere ! Literally everywhere I go I'm reminded that you're with a bunch of other girls and not me!\" \"What do you want Mary? What do you want from me?\" \"I don't want anything,\" she said sadly, quietly all of the sudden. That worried him more than the yelling. \"What do you mean you don't want anything?\" The panic had crept into his voice. \"What does that mean, Mary?\" \"It means… Joey, it means that I just can't go through this anymore. I love you.\" She paused and swallowed. \"I love you and I'm so grateful for how much you've done for me, for my dancing… everything.\" \"Don't say 'but',\" he interjected before she could continue. She ignored him. \"But right now, this isn't right for us. We're spending our time worrying about the wrong things. This year was supposed to be about you taking a break and focusing on you, getting back to your roots; not some girl you happened to meet right at the beginning of it.\" \"Mary,\" he sounded hysterical now. \"Mary, you're not just some girl . You're everything to me.\" \"I shouldn't be. You're 19, you need to take time for yourself, you need to focus on your career instead of focusing on maintaining a long distance relationship with someone you haven't even known for eight months.\" \"Mary.\" Just from the tone of his voice, Mary could imagine him putting his hand to his forehead in stress. \"The amount of time I've known you doesn't mean shit to me!\" He fell silent for a moment. \"Just. Let's not do this over the phone. I'll come to the city tomorrow night, we'll spend the weekend together, and we can talk about all this then.\" \"Joey. No. You can't just come here for the weekend. You need to stay in the Hills, you need to focus on what's important.\" \"What's important to me is this relationship! You're important to me, Mary!\" He was raising his voice again. \"I'm not letting you… I can't let you do this over the phone, for gods' sakes! We need to… we have to have a proper conversation about this. Face to face.\" \"Joey.\" He was making this so much harder than it had to be. \"We just… we're in different places right now. Physically, yeah, but… in other ways too.\" \"No.\" He was shaking his head. She might as well have heard him doing it. \"No, no. This is not happening. No.\" \"Joey, listen to me!\" She said it in a hushed voice, but there was a quiet authority about the words. \"This isn't… it doesn't have to be permanent. Maybe… maybe when I graduate… I don't know, we can see each other again and… we can see what happens, you know?\" \"Not good enough. That's not enough Mary.\" \"Joey, you can't just stick your fingers in your ears and pretend like this isn't happening, okay?\" There was silence between them for several moments. \"There's another way. There is. We just have to… find it.\" \"Joey.\" \"Stop… stop just saying my name sadly like that. We're going to work this out. Mary, I'm not… you're my muse. I can't do what I do without you. The whole point of taking this break was to… to figure out what I was doing. To find my mojo. And the thing is, you are my mojo. And without you I'd just be… back where I started. Okay? Do you get that?\" \"Joey, you can't just… that's not fair!\" She was getting teary now, which was frustrating, because she'd promised herself she wouldn't cry till they'd gotten off the phone. \"You can't rely on me to always be there just so you know who you are! You've got to find yourself without me! I can't be by your side all of the time! Even if we were in the same place, I couldn't do that.\" \"That's not… that's not what I'm asking! I just have to know that you're… out there. That you're out there supporting me, and that I get to talk to you when I need you, even if it's just… hearing your voice.\" \"I just… I don't think it's helping either of us anymore, Joey.\" \"You're wrong.\" He stopped, because he wasn't sure what else to say. \"You're so wrong. It is helping me. It's everything to me.\" Mary didn't say anything. She couldn't keep pushing this when she knew it was something that would break her heart. But it was better for both of them. It would be better. \"Mary, let's just take some time. Please. Just… a week or… something. Anything. Let's talk about it again after we take some time away to just think through things. Please.\" She sniffed and steeled herself. \"Okay. Just. We'll… let's think about things for a little while. And we'll… I'll call you in a week or so.\" \"Mary.\" It was his turn to sound forlorn. \"Mary, we can work it out. I told you before, we were meant to be together, and I meant it.\" \"Mm.\" She bit her lip. \"Yeah.\" She was so close to tears. \"Joey, I… I have to go.\" \"Okay. Mary... I love you.\" She just nodded, tears running down her cheeks, too choked up to answer him. She hung up instead. -|xxx|- Mary had been wracking her brains all day trying to figure out what his text message had meant. It was the first correspondence between them in over a week, and she felt like he was expecting her to know what to take away from it. I'm sorry, I can't handle this anymore. We have to do something. And that was all it had said. She'd tried to call him a few times, but he wasn't answering. She'd left voicemails, she'd texted him back, she'd even tried to get a hold of Dustin a few times, but nothing seemed to be helping. When she'd spoken to Tami, her friend had explained that she'd not seen Joey and Dustin since the day before, and Tami couldn't get a hold of her own boyfriend either. They'd promised each other to call the moment they worked out what was going on. As she was getting into her dorm building, her phone dinged with a text from Tami. It had been a tiring day, and she was usually long settled into her dorm by 7pm, but tonight she was struggling up the stairs loaded down with five grocery bags and a deep set need to collapse on her bed. Despite all this, she manoeuvred her phone out of her pocket to look at Tami's text. In violation of her 'always take the stairs' policy, she stopped on the first floor and called the elevator. Thankfully, it opened right away and she stepped inside, letting her grocery bags drop gently to the ground and reaching for the 8th floor button. She finally turned her attention to her phone to see what Tami had to say. Hey, everything's fine, I'm with Dustin now. He said that Joey is planning to get in contact with you tonight. I'll talk to you tomorrow. 3 And that was it. Mary rolled her eyes in frustration at how vague that was, after the panic they'd both been in earlier. She started to text Tami back, but the elevator dinged and the doors opened, so she shoved her phone back in her pocket and pre-occupied herself with picking up her bags and getting out into the hallway. She walked to her door and fumbled her keys out of her pocket, finally stumbling through her doorway and dumping the bags on the floor by her mini fridge. She turned around to dump her handbag on her desk chair and jumped in fright. \"Argh!\" Joey stood up from her bed. \"I'm sorry! I didn't mean to startle you!\" \"Oh my god!\" She put a hand to her heart and took a deep breath. \"Joey. How did you even get in here?\" \"You're, uh, bathroom buddy let me in,\" he answered, pointing towards the door that led to the bathroom she shared with the two girls in the dorm next door. \"I was camped out in the hall by your door and – Hallie? Was that her name? – anyway, she recognised me and said she'd be happy to let me into your dorm to wait for you in there. That was, uh–\" he checked his watch, \"two hours ago.\" \"Oh god, Joey, I'm so sorry, if I'd had any idea that you were here waiting for me, I'd–\" He smiled. \"Mary, it's fine.\" He stood and put his hands on her arms. It felt good just to be touching. \"I don't mind, I was just teasing. And waiting in here for a few hours was much easier than the hour and a half I was waiting for you in the hallway.\" He grinned teasingly. \"I had to sit on the floor out there! At least your bed is comfortable!\" \"Honestly Joey, you should have told me! I could have gotten out of my last rehearsal this afternoon! It was planned last minute anyway.\" She looked guilty and he just put his hand on her neck. \"Mary, it's fine, I promise. I didn't mind waiting.\" He looked away from her eyes, over her head. \"And I was afraid you'd tell me not to come, if I had let you know. Like… well, like you did last week.\" She buried her head in his chest and wrapped her arms around him. He settled his arms around her shoulders in turn. \"Joey, I'm so confused.\" Her voice was muffled, but he heard her regardless. \"What are we supposed to do?\" He led her to the bed and they sat down together, one of his arms still around her shoulders. \"Mary, I hated not being able to speak to you this week. It was awful.\" She didn't respond, just sniffed and looked at her hands. He moved his arm from around her and took her hand in his. \"Maybe it was easy for you. I don't know. I'm not sure if I could bear you actually saying that out loud to me, but I just know that I have had a hellish eight days not speaking to you. Eight days , Mary. I honestly… I don't want to have to go through that again, let alone all the time.\" She still didn't look up or speak, so he continued, shuffling his position on the bed, so he was facing her, one knee propped up. \"You know what I kept thinking? I was so caught up in how awful I was feeling all the time, and I had all these intense emotions about our relationship and I just kept thinking, 'I'll call Mary and tell her about it.' But I couldn't. And that was the worst part. You were the person I wanted to share it all with and that was the last thing I was supposed to be doing.\" She opened her mouth as if to respond, and then closed it again. He creased his eyebrows at her in question. She looked at him for a minute before trying again. \"I… don't… I'm…\" She took a deep breath and started again. \"It was horrible for me too. I hated it, and knowing that the last thing I'd said… or.\" She looked sadly up at him from under her eyelashes. \"Well, the thing that I didn't say!\" He looked at her confusedly, so she continued. \"You told me you loved me! And… I was so upset, I couldn't say anything, and I just… hung up. Instead of telling you that I love you too Joey.\" He let out a breath and pulled her into a hug. \"Mary, babe, I know you love me. And I knew why you couldn't say it. I knew you were hurting too much. I'm hurting too. I… I'm so afraid of what's going to happen with us. I don't… the last thing I want is for this to be over. The last thing ,\" he emphasised, holding her at arm's length and making sure she was looking into his eyes. \"Joey, it's not that simple! I don't want that either!\" \"Then we'll find a way!\" he insisted, still looking intensely into her eyes. She looked away uncomfortably. He dropped his hands and relaxed against her pillows. \"Joey, I just don't know how much longer I can do the whole long distance thing.\" She looked at him sadly again. He hated that look on her. He'd prefer that she be happy all the time. \"With you being on the other side of the country, I can never figure out what's going on with you. I just see pictures and gossip columns and shit everywhere , I feel like I can't escape. And it's like, every time I don't happen to see your face somewhere, with some other girl, one of the five people at school who actually know I'm dating Joey Parker just feel like they have to go ahead and shove it in my face.\" Joey frowned, his brow furrowed. \"Wait. Is that what this is about? That other people think I'm cheating on you?\" Anger was creeping up on him, which was not good. He had to keep this as non-hostile as possible. She looked hurt by that. \"No! Not… not really! I don't know!\" That hurt him , that she couldn't even admit it to herself. \"It's much more than that. Yes, it does bother me, because it makes my friends think that I'm… I don't know, that I don't value myself or something.\" She took his hand, an intimate gesture at least. \"But Joey, honestly, it's more than that. I want to be able to… I don't know, come home from classes every night and have you here telling me stories about so and so crazy fan that you ran into today that did such and such. Then I'd know . But… life can't be like that. Not right now.\" \"Well.\" This was the moment. He'd talked to Dustin about it, they'd been up all night discussing the possibilities, he had the green light from Tami, it was just… Mary. He had to convince Mary it was a good idea. \"What if life could be like that?\" She furrowed her brow. \"It can't Joey. You have to start being realistic, we can't keep living in a fantasy world where everything works out fine.\" \"I'm…\" He sighed, took a deep breath in. \"I don't mean in some far off fantasy land Mary. What if… well, what if I moved to New York?\" She froze. She was looking at him one second, and the next she was looking right through him, her eyes glazed over, not moving a muscle. \"Mary.\" He squeezed her hand, which he was still holding. \"What do you… think?\" She snapped back to herself, took one look at him and got up off her bed, turning away so he couldn't see her face. \"I'm… not sure. I mean.\" She whirled back around. \"Joey, you can't do that. You can't move to New York. Your career, your whole life is in Beverly Hills.\" \"No,\" Joey said seriously, shaking his head. \"Actually, you're here, in New York. And look Mary, you can say what you want about it, but you're a big part of my life now. The biggest part. And I can't do this without you. I don't want to.\" She didn't respond. \"I really don't want to,\" he added quietly. She just stared at him. \"So you're going to uproot your entire life and career to move to New York just so you can be closer to your girlfriend, who you only met in February ? You're… you're acting like a lovestruck teenager!\" He rolled his eyes, standing up from the bed to get on her level. \"I'm not sure if you realised this Mary, but I am a teenager!\" She spun away from him again, putting one hand on her hip and the other to her forehead in worry. \"God, this is ridiculous!\" Her hand was thrown into the air as she looked heavenward, like she was praying for something. \"This is why you should have an actual adult for a manager! Maybe then you wouldn't make such ridiculously stupid decisions!\" She turned around to punctuate her last words with a haughty look. \"I suppose Dustin thinks this is a stellar idea! He'd probably love to come hang out in NYC with you for a while, see the sights, really get the feeling of what it's like to be a real New Yorker! He'd love that!\" She was pissing him off now. \"Dustin's not even going to come, Mary. He wants to stay in Beverly Hills, with Tami. Speaking of lovestruck teenagers.\" \"Oh right, so you'll move here alone will you, and sit around for eight months waiting for me to finish high school? Joey, you can't honestly think this is a good idea!\" She was gesturing around wildly with her hands as she spoke; that was how he knew she was riled up. \"I do!\" he replied, raising his voice a little. \"I do think it's a good idea, because I want to be with you, I want to prove to you that we can make this work! It's about compromise! And seeing as you can't exactly compromise on your high school education, because that's pretty damn important , I'm doing the compromising!\" \"There are other ways to compromise you know. Uprooting your life and career for some teen romance is not one of them by the way,\" she added snarkily, narrowing her eyes at him. \"Oh right. That's all this is to you.\" He raised his arms as if to indicate their relationship. \"A 'teen romance'.\" He added the air quotes and all. \"I didn't realise our future together was something that you approached so flippantly.\" \" What future together?\" she shouted, holding her own arms up in question. \"I am seventeen years old Joey, what do you expect from me? Did you wanna get married next month, over Thanksgiving break maybe? Or were you going to fly me to Vegas as a surprise for my birthday in January? We could have a lovely winter themed wedding!\" She put a hand to her head. \"What is wrong with you?\" He took a step back from her and put his own hands on his hips, looking slightly to the left of her face; he didn't want to see the look of contempt there. He was sure the hurt was plain on his own face, and tears sprung to his eyes. God, he felt like an idiot. He turned partially away and wiped at his eyes with the sleeve of his jacket. He heard Mary sigh, but he didn't look back at her. \"Joey, I'm sorry. I didn't mean it like that. I just… I don't want to be the reason you mess up your career. Don't do that for me .\" She sounded genuinely apologetic, but it didn't fix what was hurting inside him. He looked sideways at her, both hands back on his hips. \"How about, it's my choice what I do, and it's my career?\" \"Well,\" Mary said carefully. \"We're both in this relationship. And… I just… that's not what I want for us right now.\" \"Mary, there's not another option.\" She opened her mouth to speak, but he just held a hand out to stop her. \"No, breaking up is not a compromise . That's just an ending. And I am not up for that, just so we're clear. I will fight till I die before I let that happen, okay? Do you understand?\" He looked at her pointedly, to make sure she knew he was serious. She sighed. \"Okay. Yes Joey, I understand. I don't… I don't agree with you. But I don't want to break up either! I just… you'll move here, you'll live in some boring apartment alone and you'll have nothing to do. Dustin won't even be here to run your life, and you'll resent me for it! I just want you to remember, when that happens, that I was not on board with this plan!\" He rolled his eyes and sat back down on the bed. \"That is my problem. And I will not resent you! Mary, I love you. What about that are you not getting? I am choosing to do this. And your resistance is duly noted, okay?\" She nodded and sat next to him again. \"Well, I'm not going to stop convincing you not to come.\" \"And I won't start listening. Now,\" he placed his hand on the back of her neck. \"I don't believe you have given me a proper New York greeting just yet.\" She rolled her eyes and grinned, despite herself. \"You are a real handful, you know that?\" \"Oh, I know.\" He just smirked and pulled her in for a kiss. -|xxx|- May 2009 She sighed. \"Joey, it won't be if I come with you. Honestly, I'll be in hell knowing what I could have had, and wondering where else I could be!\" She stood and crossed the space between them to sit beside him. She took his hand, but he didn't look up at her, just stared at the floor between his elbows. \"Joey, I don't want to spend that much time away from you. I don't. I love you. You know that. And when you come home, we'll move in together like we talked about; we'll get a little apartment and fill it with shit that reminds us of us. And we'll get to go to bed together and wake up next to each other every morning, just like you want. And it will be perfect. \"But we can't do that just yet.\" She leaned into him, her head resting on his shoulder. \"It's something to look forward to,\" he conceded with a sigh, slinging an arm around her and pulling her into his chest for a hug. \"Are you gonna be okay here in the city on your own?\" Mary smiled. \"I won't be alone! Tami will be here. And we'll miss the two of you together.\" She sat up, a hand still on his chest. \"Another good reason, by the way, that I could not possibly go with you. It would be positively cruel for us to all go off together and leave Tami here on her own!\" \"Oh come on, Tami is always welcome to be wherever Dustin is. And oftentimes where he's not, also. She's much more tolerable most of the time.\" He grinned. \"Like she would give up school at Parsons to follow her boyfriend and his diva best friend around on some stupid tour,\" Mary said, punctuating with an eye roll. Joey looked shocked and offended. \"Are you calling me a diva?\" Mary nodded. \"One hundred per cent, yes. Definitely.\" She grinned as he lunged for her and started tickling her as punishment. \"You're gonna get it now, Mary Santiago!\" She screeched and started hitting his hands, but he didn't stop until she was giggling madly, him kneeling over her on the couch. When he finally stopped, she took a minute to catch her breath, smiling up at him. He surveyed her seriously. \"I just… I'll miss you so much.\" He looked so sad, she almost felt sorry for him. Except he'd be the one off living like a rock star on tour, while she stayed in New York and worked her ass off, dancing for Alvin Ailey. So she rolled her eyes instead and pulled him down for a kiss. It seemed to distract him for a moment. When he pulled away, she said, \"Joey, of course you'll miss me. I'll miss you! But we'll see each other. You'll be back for Christmas. I can come visit you when you're in cities on this side of the country! And hey, maybe I can get some time off next year to come with you to Europe. Just for a couple of weeks of course, but it's something! We'll see each other!\" He sighed and lifted himself off of her, sitting back on the couch. She sat up too, her legs slung over his. \"I know. I know we'll work things out. We can work it out.\" He shook his head, like he was clearing it, and looked over at her. \"When are you starting with Alvin Ailey?\" Mary's smile grew. \"Well, I don't start till after their summer season! They spend from about March through June getting ready for the season, so they don't start training new recruits until around October! So I've got a few months!\" Joey smiled too then. \"Okay. October. I can work with that. And then I'll come home for Thanksgiving, and Christmas, and then if you come see me in, you know, February or around then. And then I'll be back for the summer season, to see you perform!\" He could handle this. October. He had till October. \"The tour doesn't start till August, so we've got a couple months to just spend some time together! We could go somewhere crazy, the four of us! Like Hawaii! Have you been to Hawaii? You would love it there, Mary!\" Mary laughed and put her hands on his chest. \"Calm down Joey. We've got plenty of time to talk through all of that! I've got exams to get through!\" \"Right. Yes. And I have an album to finish recording.\" He smiled sheepishly. \"Sorry. I got a bit carried away.\" He fell silent for a second, but his insecurities got the best of him. \"But you're into this, right? We spend the summer together?\" Mary smiled and ran her fingers through his hair. \"Joey, that sounds amazing .\" She leaned in and kissed him, his arms wrapping around her and pulling her closer. -|xxx|- ","Summary":" But For Now – Chapter 1: Talk about my future A/N: Quick pre-cursor to the story: 1. I'm not sure h"},{"Movie":"Another Cinderella Story","Title":"A NYE Surprise","Author":"KezzieR","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9977953","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: So... the first two paragraphs are a basic rip-off from my current life and that is the reason I started writing this story. (Except, for me it isn't a cool dance academy, and I spent my free time watching TV shows...) Sorry if I'm going OOC; even though I watch the movie at least once or twice a month, it's my first ACS fic and I really don't know how to write it. I just write the first thing that comes to mind. Disclaimer: Sadly, no ownership, whatsoever. (Imagine meeting Selena and Drew, though *faints*) I hope you enjoy ;) It was December 31st and Mary Santiago was sitting in her dorm room, studying for the coming exams. She could hear the loud crowd on the story above her getting in the New Year's mood. Mary wasn't the kind of girl that celebrated holidays; she'd rather /be alone and watch a movie or read a book. But that wasn't the plan for this last day of the year. It was her first year at the Manhattan Dance Academy and her first university exams were coming close, with only a week and a half away. The whole first semester, she had spent every free hour dancing. That was the reason why she now was heaving a big /sigh and resenting herself for procrastinating. Mary was just about to give up on ever memorizing the list of memorable 20th century Broadway dancers when she heard a knock on her door. (It was a wonder she had actually heard it over the noise coming from over her head and through her earphones she /had put in to block out the loud laughs.) Please don't be another drunk, please don't be another drunk , she hoped – because it would be the third one that night if it were one. She laid away the textbook and reluctantly got up to open the door. When she opened it, her smile couldn't have been any bigger. \"Joey!\" Mary flung her arms around his neck. \"Hey!\" he replied as he hugged her back. \"It's so good to finally see you again...in person.\" After a few moments, they released and Mary led him into her room. \"Come in. I'm so happy you're here, but how did you get past the front door? It's supposed to be locked.\" \"Nice room.\" Joey smiled when he saw the frame with a picture of them dancing in it. \"Oh yeah, it was. Someone let me in after I convinced him I wasn't going to rob anyone,\" he grinned. They sat down on the bed after Mary had cleared it of her laptop and books. \"Wait a minute, weren't you supposed to be on tour? I thought you were in Europe right now.\" After graduation, Joey had gone back on his tour across the entire globe. At first, it had been really hard not seeing each other every day but they had been chatting and skyping every day – even though the time differences made it difficult. \"I was but I have two weeks off so I thought I'd come visit you here,\" Joey explained. \"I love it,\" Mary answered and gave him a peck on the lips. They spend the rest of the night talking about the tour and the academy, dancing in the small space of her room and kissing at the beginning of the year. Yep, she could do it, all doubt gone. This would be the best year ever. AN: I know it's really short but I hope you liked it anyway. If you want, I can maybe think of a way to make it a little bit longer. Thanks for reading! Much love and a happy and healthy 2014 to you all :D x Kezzie ","Summary":" AN: So... the first two paragraphs are a basic rip-off from my current life and that is the reason "},{"Movie":"Another Cinderella Story","Title":"The Dance Partner","Author":"Talesoftime","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10216938","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sunlight fell into Mellody's room. Mellody shuffled as she reached into her dresser grabbing a hand full of clothing. She went over to her white as snow daybed. Her orange and yellow sheets shined,sparkling in her room. She threw the rest of her stuff in her duffel bag. She then neatly placed her pointe shoes in her pink bag. She looked out her window. Waves danced across the ocean. \"There done,\" Mellody whispered to herself, \"this summer is sure gonna be different.\" Last May she turned 13 and her mom and dad thought it would be great for her to go to a dance camp. So no,no do not go to Florida where she could see Le klett her favorite dancer and much for hitting the beach this summer. No! She wished that her parents would not make her go to Virginia ,but like always no. If you have not noticed yet she was Mellody Abrin,daughter of the best dancer in the grand prix a very big event which is like the olympics for ballet at the age of 15. She had won. Her mother was Living Abrin,dancer and owner of 50 dance academies and headmistress of one of them. Luckily for her mom she had an untamed passion for ballet. So her mother had her go to the closest dance academy that she even worked at. Then during the long summers they went to the colorful florida. But not this year. She glanced into the mirror. Her silky brown hair is in a ponytail. Like usual. She wore a pair of blue shorts that reach her knees with ballet flats and a comfy dance shirt. She rush downstairs to find my mom in the living room. She was wearing a blue dress and black heels with her hair done into a bun. Obviously a meeting happened earlier for one of the her dance schools. She smiled. \"You all set?\" \"Yep!\" She hands me a nice pink bag that has 30$,a lunch,snacks ,a iPod with movies and a pair of headphones to match, a two-way plane ticket and two water bottles with flavor pouches. \"Everything for your flight. Plus a go to camp gift \" \"Thanks mom.\" She squealed hugging her. \"Now let's go it's practically 3:00.\" \"Consider me gone.\" She said walking to the car. The airport was bustling. The silver Sudan sparkled off the sun. A sticky sensation ran up her spine, as a foul smell of jet fuel pasted her. Her mom cut the purr of the car, she unbuckled smoothing her blue dress. Melody got out of the silver Sudan that sparkled like a diamond. A roar of a jet flew past her as she walked to the trunk of the car. She picked up her bags and threw them on her back. \"Bye mom!\" She yelled before running into the airport. She looked out the window as the plane lifted off. The ground grew into tiny ant figures as her plane left L.A. . The sun brightened by the second. She looked up to the seatbelt sign as it slowly faded. Mellody unbuckled and dug threw her new bag. Finally after minutes of digging she found the ear buds and iPod. The screen went from a black to a nice Caribbean blue as it turned on,brightening by her light tap of her finger. She placed the ear buds in her ears and taped Dance Academy episode 26 blinked on. Two hours later she fell into a deep sleep. In her mind she dreamed she was on a stage with a glistening christmas tree. A bright colorful music started. The nutcracker thumped around then a nutcracker came out. She ran…. why was she here? Before she knew it he was in front of her. \"Hello Mellody be sure to see me in 2 days time.\" She woke up panting in the soft grey chair. She found she was the only one awake. Her iPod was in her hand it shined as she looked up the time ; 6:30 it blinked. She yawned and got a gorilla bar out of her bag and some dehydrated apples with nuts. She ate every bite not leaving a nibble. Full she brushed her hair and stared out the window thinking what the people down there are thinking. She put her hair brush away and got ready for the day ahead. She woke up panting in the soft grey chair. She found she was the only one awake. Her iPod was in her hand it shined as she looked up the time ; 6:30 it blinked. She yawned and got a gorilla bar out of her bag and some dehydrated apples with nuts. She ate every bite not leaving a nibble. Full she brushed her hair and stared out the window thinking what the people down there are thinking. She put her hair brush away and got ready for the day ahead. Cabs honked and people ran from the rain, a clap of thunder rose. Melody searched for a cab and found a bright yellow one and got in. The driver looked at her questionably for directions. she asked politely while drying her hair. The man asked her. She waved a $20 bill in his face. She sang. She thought as she leaned back in her seat as her bags surrounded her. Mellody thought to herself. Trees surround the cab as light drizzled though the branches. A bright sign came into view that had sun flowers all around it with a bold dark print that read . Minutes passed until a nice daisy printed field surrounded cab driver drove to the door and she gave him the 20. He told her driving off. As she walked into the entrance 2 woman sat behind a desk smiling so wide she thought there teeth were going to fall out. s your name sweetie?Wow,she would be a shoe in for Effie in the hunger ,Oh here you are you're with Abive Living room fun!And be sure to to go to the dance hall after you it!Well this will be by home for a while,More like 3 weeks,Hi my name Abrin and you must be Mellody. Now the weird ladies told me to tell you it Mellody looked at her and shut the wooden drawer that she just put her tanks in. s go campers to dance camp. For the ones who are new,we do a production each year for all of Richmond. It is free for anyone so if your parents would like join they this year it may be different we are going to be partnering with the dance camp for boys to do the nutcracker. Auditions are at three see you all there. Did you hear her I am so going to audition! The dream. I do not like him,I never met him,he is not real!How could he be here?1-2-3-4 She whispered. She told the class. She went to the front of the room and started to dance. Music flowed through her. Her heart raced. The tap of the keys put her body to ,ta,la,la. The music spun. She thumbed moving her arms and toes. said. She bowed then turned to run to the door. Everything fast forwarded. Before she knew it she was on the ground outside the studio. A boy with high tops on said. She looked up feeling dizzy and smelling mint. He asked again. He then mumbled something under his breath. He gave her his soft hand and got her up. m fine bye!Wait at least let me buy you ,also I She said surprising herself. He replied. He took her hand and led her to the dining hall. A buzz went through her head. He asked her. She looked around and saw a line for burgers. She led him to the line not saying a word. She looked at him and saw him grinning. He teased. She blushed then a signal snapped to her head. She you ok.I think I like Dylan but if I like him it would interfere with my dancing and well everything!Thats your problem,about you liking him. You know he likes you right. He told me that he saw you around and knows your mom by her dancing on broadway Abrin told her. Melody heard that everything was right her mom did do a show in new york for fun on the holidays. Maybe he did see her. Mellody jumped up and ran to the dining hall finding Dylan there by himself eating fries. \"Can I join?\"She asked. He looked up and smiled. \"Always. What part are you wanting for the performance?\"He asked her. \"You will find out.\"She teased. Maybe this won't be so bad. ","Summary":" Sunlight fell into Mellody's room. Mellody shuffled as she reached into her dresser grabbing a hand"},{"Movie":"Another Cinderella Story","Title":"A Cinderella Story of A Different Kind","Author":"lizzymccabe55","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10538844","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Me: Hello reader's it's me. I know this is an overused title, but it'll be good I promise. Anyway Jason, Emma get in here. Jason: What is it? Me: Say hello to the Readers. Emma: Hi readers. Jason now you. Jason: Fine, hello you poor tortured souls. Me: Jason be nice. Jason: No. I don't have to be because I don't exist. Emma: *hits Jason* Your such a jerk! Why do I even like you? Jason: I don't know, why do you like me? Me: *sigh* Please excuse them, and enjoy the story. It was Friday, and school had just been let out. A girl with rich chocolate brown hair and brown eyes was leaving the classroom. She went to her locker and got her stuff before exiting the school with a smile. Why? It was because the homecoming dance was tonight, and it was going to be a costume/masquerade theme. The girl was planning on going as Cinderella. \"Hey Emma are you excited for tonight?\" a girl with orange hair, and green eyes called out as she ran up to her friend. \"Of course Riley. I mean after all it's a costume slash masquerade dance, and I am the representative too,\" the girl, now known as Emma, said. Riley nodded, and went to her bus waving goodbye. Emma returned the wave as she walked on to her own bus and rode it home. Emma was a ninth grader who had a crush on a boy named Jason, but he didn't seem to notice her at all. Soon it was her stop, and she got off. She walked up to her house, and opened the door after unlocking it. Once inside she went straight to her room, after greeting her family, to do her homework. She glanced at the clock every so often to check the time. She had to be done before eight. Just as it reached 6:30 she finished her homework. She did her chores quickly, and was finished by 7:00. She grabbed a quick snack and thought about the dance. \"Emma your father and I are so proud of you dear,\" Emma's mother, Lisa, said. Her father, Kevin, nodded. Emma's brother, Grant, left after giving his sister a thumb's up to change. He was representing the Sophomore class. Her sister, Reagan, also left the room. Reagan was the homecoming queen. Emma followed their example and went to her room to change into her costume dress. It was a pretty baby blue color. Her high-heels were also baby blue, and she had a silver tiara and mask. Her mother came in a did up her hair in a princess style. She stepped out of her room and twirled. Her father smiled. \"You look ravishing my little Cinderella,\" he said. Emma blushed, and grinned. Her brother stepped out of his room dressed in a forest green tunic, brown hunting pants, brown hunting boots, and a green felt hat with a red feather in it. His mask was green, and white. Emma laughed at his appearance. Grant grinned and his brown eyes glimmered with mischief. He walked over to Emma and lifted her up spinning in a circle before setting her down. His light black hair was in his eyes so he blew it away. \"Oh my Robin Hood has come to steal away with the princess. Whatever will we do?\" Lisa fake wailed. Emma's father smiled. \"Why we'll call the sheriff of Nottingham of course,\" he said. Grant laughed. \"Twill do you no good my good man for I've evaded him countless times and lived to tell the tale,\" Grant said. \"Grant stop kidding around,\" Regan said walking into the room. Her brown hair was piled on her head in a bun. She wore a black shirt, jacket, pants, and boots and had a cat mask. Their mother had them all stand together, and then snapped pictures of them. They all piled into their car, and drove to the school. Their parents accompanied them in, and told them to have fun before leaving to go to their station as DJs. Reagan led them up the stairs to the balcony at the second floor. Then the three siblings entered the gym. Emma immediately went over to the punch bowl located on the table directly across from the entrance. Reagan headed off to look for her boyfriend, and Grant left to hang out with his buddies. Emma looked at everyone smiling, and dancing, but she wasn't into it anymore. She had lost the feeling of excitement as she remembered that her crush didn't even notice her, or even know that she existed. She sighed depressed, and headed over to her parents. Two other people were at the DJs station, and her parents were sitting down near on the bleachers. Emma sat down next to them and sighed. \"What's the matter Emma?\" her mother asked concern in her eyes. \"It's just, I wanted this night to be different. I wanted him, you know, but I don't think he even knows that I'm alive. Life is so unfair,\" Emma said bitterly. Her parents smiled sadly. \"We know that you wanted this to be different, but you can't always get what you want. It's unfair, yes, but life gives us these challenges so that we can grow and learn. Now why don't you go and find your friends, and hang out with them?\" Emma's father said smiling at his daughter. \"Fine, but I doubt any of them are here,\" Emma said. Suddenly the room got quiet, and Jason walked on stage. His black hair was unruly, and his green eyes sparkled with amusement. He was dressed as Bruce Wayne. He was wearing a tuxedo, black dress pants and shoes. His mask was a classic masquerade mask. \"This next song is an original written by yours truly. Its dedicated to someone very special to me. Emma, the girl I fell for,\" Jason said after he grabbed the mic, \"Get on up here.\" Emma was paralyzed. A spotlight fell on her, and she stood up making her way to the DJs station. One thought was going through he mind as she made her way over to her crush: What did he just say? The song was sweet. Emma smiled as she listened to it. Jason was grinning, and watching Emma. The song ended shortly after Emma reached the stage. Jason leaned over and asked the DJs for a slow song, and they complied. The dark haired boy stepped down from the stage and offered Emma his hand. she took it and he pulled her close. \"Do you want to dance?\" he asked. Emma nodded. \"Yes I would, but I don't really know how,\" she said. Jason smiled warmly. \"Don't worry. I'll teach you,\" Jason said. They slowly began to dance. \"How did you know it was me sitting over there?\" Emma asked. Jason smiled before he replied. \"It's because you are the most beautiful girl I know, and I love you,\" Jason said. Emma smiled. \"I love you too,\" she said. Jason leaned in after she said that and kissed her. Me: That's a rap people. Hope you enjoyed it. Please R&R;, and let me know what you think. Jason: That was pretty good. Anyway I've got to go. Emma you coming? Emma: Yeah. See ya lizzymccabe55. Bye readers. ","Summary":" Me: Hello reader's it's me. I know this is an overused title, but it'll be good I promise. Anyway J"},{"Movie":"Another Cinderella Story","Title":"We Meet Again","Author":"dancerintheheart","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9301608","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I should've never dropped out of college. I lost my prince and my future life because of my dumb move. All because I thought that education was the dumbest thing ever. Now I realize that I made the biggest mistake I ever will in my whole entire life. All because of my laziness I am now in a fast food chain handing people their meal through a window. I will not complain too much because at least I have a job. If I didn't have the job than I would not be able to feed myself. While I was at work one day, something peculiar happened. As the car pulled up I saw someone I thought I would never see again. It was … ","Summary":" I should've never dropped out of college. I lost my prince and my future life because of my dumb mo"},{"Movie":"Another Cinderella Story","Title":"Dancing Till Midnight","Author":"Gabriella Somerfield","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9977437","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dancing Till Midnight One Shot Happy New Year Everyone. The snow glistened across the rooftops and pathways of Beverly Hills. Mary loved this time of year. The snow crunched under her black suede boots as she walked the blocks to Joey's house. Dominique was having a big party and Mary wanted no part in it – so she was kicked out for the night. Her big black coat covered up her long sleeved and mid thigh length black and gold vertically stripped dress top. The gold stripes had glitter running though them. She was walking because she loved walking in this weather, Joey would have picked her up – if he'd of known. I mean he was the perfect boyfriend. Mary made her way on the familiar path to Joey's house, passing the large, grandiose homes of the rich and famous. Most rooms a far cry from her part of the garage, but she never felt jealous. Particularly this time of year. Everyone was just so happy and nice, no matter status. Well... most people. She winced slightly when she thought of all the chores she was likely to have (mostly taking down all the holiday decorations) when she got back to Dominique's house. She was snapped out of her reverie by the sight of a familiar house on the corner. A smile played around her mouth and Mary ran the rest of the way to the door outside Joey's room. She never used the front door, Joey's parents didn't really like her that much. She stop as she got the steps leading up to Joey's deck. There he was stretched out on his bed laptop placed on his legs. She crept up the stairs, pushed open the door and the noise got Joey's attention. Mary toed of her boots and pushed off her coat as Joey pushed his laptop away. Mary grinned, stepped back and ran forward landing on top of Joey. His arms wrapped around her waist and then squeezed. \"Do you want to dance till midnight?\" asked Joey. Mary nodded. And dance till midnight they did. \"Happy New Year baby,\" whispered Joey, leaning in. \"Happy New Year,\" smiled Mary. The End Review Please Happy New Year from Gabriella Somerfield and musicalgirl4474. ","Summary":" Dancing Till Midnight One Shot Happy New Year Everyone. The snow glistened across the rooftops and "},{"Movie":"Donnie Darko","Title":"Cherita Chen: Memoirs of an Ugly Geisha","Author":"LithumProductions","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5209044","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dear whoever can be bothered listening, Today was the first day of school, nothing has changed, I'm still fat, ugly and according to his friends, an Asian bitch. He's as beautiful as ever, but sooner or later I'm gonna have to stop dreaming and writing that awful poetry, God I shouldn't hate myself so much. Miss Pomeroy was reading The Destructors in class today 'Destruction is a form of creation' I think I could relate to that, anyway the rest was gibberish as Donnie started speaking at that point and my head began to swim. After class Mackenzie came and sat with me for lunch, looking very bitter and muttering something about Gretchen Ross, the new girl, I wonder what she's like..... But I guess it doesn't matter, as if she'll take any notice of me, nobody does exept from Mackenzie, although she is a misfit aswell, thats why we're friends, we have the same pieces missing.[Chapter 2] Dear Whoever Can Be Bothered Listening, I met her today and guess what? I froze, I mean what do you say in that situation, 'Hello, I'm the guy who you've been batting those long lashes at's, friend?, acquaintance?, stalker ? ' I can see why McKenzie was upset; she just stared at me like I was an alien (no comment) as if I didn't already know I'm a freak. I suppose it all depends on which side of the spectrum you're on; Love or Hate and to be honest I couldn't care less as he said, Mrs Farmer can shove it up her ass, but I could never sate that, I'm too much of a coward just ask his little sister who inquired in front of everyone in the school, why I had been crying in the bathroom but I don't blame her as she's only a kid, though you wouldn't think that with that semi-offensive girl-group, 'Sparkle Motion', I mean god, seriously? Sorry for fiddling with my version of Cher's personality but I felt that her first entry was quite pathetic and moany (my fault) I reckon Cherita had a lot to say, although she was never listened to and mostly ignored. So enough of Miss 'Oh I'm sooo FAT', it's time to hear what she really thought! (again I'm sorry)[Chapter 3] \" Every living creature on earth dies alone,\" Roberta Sparrow Dear Whoever Can Be Bothered Listening, Apparently Graeme Green writes pornography that should not be heard by our delicate ears. Bummer, I was really getting into 'The Destructors'; had the irony down to a T, not that Miss Pomeroy noticed of course. Guess what? Apart from the fact I have been wearing earmuffs on suspiciously hot autumn days (no one knows I'm listening into their conversations, when their on, plus it may be a fad, come winter) school was cancelled because of a flood....weird. Oh and I was told by one of Donnie's friends 'I hope you get molested' which upset me more than it should and Mrs Farmer's daughter standing there, hands on hips, giving me stink-eye, did NOT help. Mom has been ranting about how much I eat; I know I should stop but right now. Rather than face the facts, I'm heading for death by chocolate. The new girl, I think she might be after Donnie. She doesn't deserve him, Gretchen Ross NEVER smiles. I should know, I went through the photos in her locker. I cannot stress how SORRY I am for the wait. I know it's been at least four months since the last chapter but my muse was on strike and I'd rather you read the best I can produce at the slowest and most frustrating rate than rushed crap that I just posted to get this 'project' finished. I hope you got the references to her habit of the earmuffs and stalkerish tendencies toward Gretchen/Donnie (which I hate) Forgive me for mentioning her mum (I iz British) but I suppose we'll have to bring the eating to attention at some point. ","Summary":" Dear whoever can be bothered listening, Today was the first day of school, nothing has changed, I'm"},{"Movie":"Oz the Great and Powerful","Title":"Dorothy and the Wizard of Oz","Author":"Myths and Madness","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10262186","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: The Land of Oz novel series is credited to L. Frank Baum, The Wizard of Oz film belongs to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer studios, and Oz: The Great and Powerful belongs to Disney. This story is an amalgamation and retelling of the first two, but mostly, a sequel to the latter. Prologue/Teaser For the longest time, Dorothy Matilda Gale had been told that she was odd. The first time she had heard it was on her fourth birthday, and it was Dorothy's mother, Mrs. Annie Gale, who said it. It had likely been meant as a joke, given that she had been wearing a smile at the time, but this made little Dorothy wonder; Was she really odd, and if so, why? It certainly could not be for her brown eyes, dimpled cheeks, or her tousled brown hair, because other people had at least one of those features too, and she braided her hair into manageable pigtails anyway. The next person who told Dorothy she was odd was the wife of her father's brother, Emily Gale, who Dorothy simply called Auntie Em. When her then six year-old niece asked what it was about herself that made her an \"odd little one,\" the older woman explained that it was Dorothy's habit of talking to animals as if they were people. Jeff Wright, the son of a neighbor, agreed that this trait was a curious one, but he promised this made Dorothy \"one of a kind,\" not odd. Uncle Henry, who was the older brother of Dorothy's father, told her that Jeff was too simple a young man to tell fibs, so this made Dorothy feel better about being different. Unfortunately, when school started last autumn, Walt Phillpotts had called her an odd duckling because she preferred reading a storybook over playing tag with the other children, stared deeply into empty air for long whiles, and because she loved peanut butter and honey sandwiches, but hated peanut butter and jam. Now it was spring of the new year, and although most everyone was nice to her, Dorothy no longer felt that her being different was a very good thing. I update by reviews. If I get two or three, you'll get the next chapter.[Chapter 2] I had wanted to write a longer chapter, but my desire for a late Easter special won out so here is the first real chapter of Dorothy and the Wizard of Oz . A fair warning to everybody: I'm Canadian, and I was raised on British television, so my American English is weak, but I tried. I want to personally thank kuramaangel, for my first review of a story ever. It meant a lot to me. Poor unlucky Dorothy's day Southern Kansas, April 1915 After two weeks of bitter rain, the clouds in the sky had barely cleared for a grim grey-blue, and, as if the day wasn't dismal enough, the winds were blowing with all their might. While Dorothy was looking out the window of the schoolhouse, watching the various things being carried away by the wind, Mr. Schmitt was teaching his class about history. Dorothy had lost track of which period he was talking about, but there was a portrait of President Washington upon the blackboard. \"Alright, children, that's it for today,\" the schoolmaster said. He was a tall, wiry man with salt-and-pepper hair, and he always spoke as if he had a frog in his throat, which could make it quite a chore to sit and listen to him by the hour. \"But before anybody flies out the door, it's time for the May Fair draw.\" Hearing this, every girl (besides Dorothy) gasped and leaned forward in anticipation. Mr. Schmitt hobbled to his desk, supported by an antique walking stick, and he picked up an old coffee can. Yesterday, the tin can had been filled with slips of old newspaper with the student's names written on them. Whoever's name Mr. Schmitt took out of the can, would sing a solo in the school's show next week, at the county fair. \"Now, who shall it be?\" Mr. Schmitt said as he reached into the can. As his hand mixed the names, Louise Lyman clasped her hands in prayer, and Ginny Nussbaum crossed her eyes and eight of her fingers. Dorothy, instead, grimaced and tried to hide behind her desk. Her name had been submitted to make the draw fair. Not only did the thought of singing in front of everyone within miles scare the living daylights out of the girl, but the county fair was opening on her birthday, and getting sick with stage fright in front of family and neighbors could not make for a good tenth birthday. Finally, Mr Schmitt pulled out a slip of newspaper. \"And the winner is...\" Suddenly, a mighty gust of wind forced a window open. The children screamed. Mr. Schmitt, in trying to save his footing, dropped the tin can, and the newspaper pieces fluttered around the room like funny-looking snow. \"Blast it!\" cursed Mr. Schmitt. \"Someone, get the window! Everybody else, catch the paper!\" The two biggest boys in the class, Georgie Brooks and Raymond Fitzroy, ran to secure the window, while everyone else picked a slip and chased after it. Some were jumping up and down, others were bumping into desks or each other, but eventually, every name was caught and returned to the can. \"Thank you, children,\" Mr. Schmitt said through his gasps for breath. \"Now, you will sit down, and pretend that little bit of mayhem didn't happen.\" Dorothy fell back into her chair gracelessly. Her heart was still pounding, like the window that continued to fight to keep the wind out of doors. The winds sound like they're angry , thought Dorothy. What would the wind get upset with? Maybe it's just playin' tag. With the idea of playful winds, Dorothy started to wonder what it would be like to fly. It must be nice, like floatin'. But not on a day like this one. This is more like ridin' a wild horse. I hope it's not like this for my birthday. It can't be. \"Miss Dorothy Gale?\" called Mr. Schmitt. Leaping out of her thoughts, Dorothy answered the teacher with a clumsy, \"Yeah, um, y-yes, Mr. Schmitt?\" The schoolmaster was, ironically, very fussy about elocution. To Dorothy's surprise, Mr. Schmitt had a strange expression. He was making the kind of face a person makes when they try to keep it straight, but fail to. This made Dorothy nervous, because her schoolmaster usually wore nothing besides a straight face. \"Miss Gale,\" Mr. Schmitt said, as he held up a slip of newspaper for her to see. \"You won.\" Before she could stop herself, Dorothy shot out of seat. \"What!? No!\" Mr. Schmitt glared at her outburst. \"Miss Gale, sit down and do not raise your voice,\" he ordered. Feeling embarrassed as well as unnerved, Dorothy slowly sat down. She heard her schoolmates whispering exactly about what she was thinking. This was a mistake. It had to be. How could the class dreamer, who did the absolute worst in diction lessons, sing at the May Fair? \"Class in dismissed, children,\" Mr. Schmitt said. The students needed no further words. Every boy and girl dashed for their hats, coats, bags and pails, all which hung on a line of hooks. Everyone but Dorothy was out the door in seconds. Instead, the girl nervously walked to Mr. Schmitt's desk. \"Class is dismissed, Miss Gale,\" the schoolmaster said without looking up from the blackboard he was cleaning. \"Mr. Schmitt, can, er, may you-\" Dorothy tried to say, but Mr. Schmitt stopped her with a curt, \"No, I cannot, Miss Gale.\" Dorothy felt her stomach drop. \"But you don't know what I was gonna say.\" Mr. Schmitt turned to face his student. \"What you were going to ask ,\" he enunciated, \"is if I may do the draw over. I cannot. It wouldn't be fair to your classmates.\" When Dorothy opened her mouth, the schoolmaster again cut her off. \"Run along home now, Miss Gale. Remember, practice makes perfect.\" With no strength to argue, Dorothy curtsied and whispered, \"Yes, Mr. Schmitt. Good Afternoon, Mr. Schmitt.\" She had wanted to speak up, but couldn't. The girl took her sun hat and book bag off her hook, and walked to the door. She would have walked out, but the door decided it didn't want to open for her. \"Not again,\" sighed Mr. Schmitt. He reached under his desk, and pulled out an oil can. With a few squirts on the hinges, and a good yank, the door opened. \"If only it were this easy for a lame knee,\" he mused as Dorothy walked out the door. Outside, Dorothy was immediately grateful for her sun hat's drawstring, as the winds blew it off her head and down her back. Auntie Em, a master of needlework, had sewn the drawstring into her niece's hat for windy days and sprinting. She had also made Dorothy's book bag from an old flour sack. Despite seeing it everyday, it amazed Dorothy how her aunt could do so much with so little. As the girl started down the dirt road, she was surprised to see a little black dot coming at her. A squeaky \"Arf! Arf!\" made Dorothy realize it was her beloved cairn terrier, Toto. \"Toto! What are you doin' here?\" Rather than stop for a pat on the head, the excited puppy leaped straight onto his mistress' front. \"Toto, don't!\" Dorothy ordered, but it was too late. Muddy paw prints dotted her school pinafore, and the hem of her gingham dress. \"Oh, Toto,\" she groaned. The terrier only barked happily and chased his tail, making Dorothy laugh. It really was impossible to stay mad at her best friend. \"Alright, I forgive you, but I bet Auntie Em won't.\" The road was, like the surrounding prairies, brown, dusty and seemed to go on forever. During the times Dorothy traveled, mostly to school or to town with Auntie Em, it was on roads that went north, west or east, but never on the one road that went south. Jeff Wright had told Dorothy that there was only one road in the direction because, \"if ya tried to go any more south than this neck of the state, you'd hit Oklahoma.\" To make the trip home more pleasant, Dorothy told her Toto about her day at school. Especially about the results of the May Fair draw. \"Can you believe it, Toto?\" she asked. \"Me, sing at the fair?\" Toto whined and looked up at his mistress. With his big dark eyes, Dorothy thought Toto looked almost sympathetic. \"Yeah, maybe it won't be that bad,\" she said. \"It's just a verse, right?\" Dorothy cleared her throat the way she had seen adults do, and started to sing. \" O beautiful for patriot dream/That sees beyond the years/Thine a' plaster – \"Dorothy cringed at her mistake. \"Oh, alabaster! Alabaster,\" she scolded herself. She tried again, but then her, \"sees,\" sounded like a shriek. Try as Dorothy did, she found something wrong with her singing every time. \"Why couldn't Mr. Schmitt pick someone else besides me?\" the distressed girl sighed. After walking for a while, Dorothy and Toto reached the landmark that told them they were almost home: A grand house, with a garden and an iron fence, that seemed out of place on the prairie. This house belonged to the richest woman in the county, Almira Gulch. Despite having the money to do anything at least once, Gulch was bitter and snobby, and had no friends besides her spoiled Siamese cat, Miss Lotta. As Dorothy thought of that nasty cat, she was surprised to see Miss Lotta on the other side of the fence. Toto started barking his head off at the sight of his rival, while Miss Lotta only spat and turned her backside to him. Unfortunately, that slight induced Toto to get even. The little dog ran for the fence, and started digging his way under it! \"Toto, stop!\" Dorothy called. \"She's not worth it!\" The girl dove for her puppy, landing on her belly, but Toto had already squeezed under the fence and given chase to Miss Lotta. Dorothy knew she had to think fast. She could either run home and get Uncle Henry and Auntie Em, or go after Toto now, and hope Gulch didn't catch them. When the sound of yapping and mewling rang out, Dorothy made her choice. The girl stood back up, put down her book bag, and climbed up the fence. Thankfully, the prongs of the fence were dulled by little iron balls on top, so Dorothy did not risk impalement. Regrettably, as with climbing trees, getting up was much easier than getting down. Once she jumped the fence, Dorothy fell on her backside. After shaking dizziness out of her head and getting up again, Dorothy inspected her clothes. There was a large rip in her woolen stockings. Oh, no, a dirty pinafore AND torn stockings , she thought. What is Auntie Em gonna say? Dorothy followed the sound of Toto's barking to the backyard. From around the house's corner, she saw the terrier puppy had chased Miss Lotta up a willow tree. \"Toto, come here!\" Dorothy hissed, but Toto didn't seem to notice. With no other option in sight, Dorothy slowly made her way towards Toto. Suddenly, a voice made her heart skip a beat or three. \"What's going on out there?\" Dorothy froze and turned to look at the opposite corner of the house. Move! Run! her mind screamed, but her legs didn't listen. With pure terror, Dorothy watched Almira Gulch, holding a broom, appear around the corner. When Dorothy had first seen Gulch years ago, the girl had thought that she had a certain prettiness, with her raven hair and clear green eyes, and even assumed that she had once been beautiful as a younger woman. However, Dorothy had lost all such notions after knowing Gulch for five minutes. The woman's hair was always in a tight bun that Dorothy was sure was stretching her face's skin, and she always wore an ugly scowl, as if everything in the world simply disgusted her. Upon seeing Dorothy and her little dog in her yard, however, the crotchety woman's eyes widened with shock. \"Dorothy Gale! I might have known!\" she screamed. Finally, Dorothy's legs started to move, and she ran toward Toto. Unfortunately, Gulch did so as well, and despite her fancy high-heeled boots, she was much quicker then the girl. The woman aimed her broom to take a swing to the pup that was menacing her cat. The sight of this cause Dorothy to lose the strength to run. \"Miss Gulch, don't, please!\" shouted Dorothy. This outburst served no purpose, unluckily, as Toto quickly dodged Gulch's attack. This was unlucky because when the terrier moved, it was so he could bite his assailant in the ankle! Gulch let out an earsplitting squeal and fell to the ground. Toto raced for Dorothy, who caught the puppy and held him close. With her beloved dog returned, the girl ran for the fence. A voice in her head said it was wrong to run away from Gulch like this, but it was muffled by another voice that told her to run home at once. When Dorothy reached the fence, she dropped Toto on the other side, and climbed over it again. Then she grabbed her book bag, and started to hurry home. In the distance, however, Dorothy heard Gulch, shouting threats. \"I saw you, Dorothy Gale! I know where you live! I'll be back with the sheriff, mark my words!\" And, worst of all, Dorothy knew that nasty woman meant every word. I hope everyone enjoyed this. Next time, we will meet the Gales and this Jeff Wright that keeps coming up. Again, I will update if I get reviews.[Chapter 3] Sorry this took so long. I was held captive by some writer's block and a literature essay, but here is the second chapter of Dorothy and the Wizard of Oz , Down on the Farm, or more accurately, Foreshadowing galore. I hope everyone likes it, and nobody is offended by how I write southern accents. I act out the scenes, then write what I hear. Thank you, rosie0522, for you kind words. Just for fun, can anyone figure out why I chose Dorothy's middle name? Kudos if you can! Down on the Farm By the time the Gales' farm entered her sights, Dorothy was thoroughly out of breath. \"Is she comin', Toto?\" the girl asked her dog. She turned to the opposite direction. There was no sign of Gulch. Not yet. \"She'll be here soon. With Sheriff Kingsley.\" Dorothy shivered at the thought, because she knew Gulch was going to bring the sheriff. Even if she needed to drag him by the collar. \"C'mon, Toto,\" said Dorothy. \"We'll tell Uncle Henry n' Auntie Em. They'll know what to do.\" The Gale family, Henry, Em, and Dorothy, lived on an egg farm that had been in Auntie Em's family since the 1850s. Besides the Gales, the farm was home to many chickens, a mother cow and her calf, and a hinny named Holly even though he was a boy. There was a barn for the animals, an old farmhouse that was too big for a family of three and one dog, and it was surrounded by a new wire fence that looked old and shabby. After passing through the wooden gate, Dorothy sprinted off to the farmhouse, Toto scrambling after. From inside the doorway, Dorothy called, \"Uncle Henry, Auntie Em? Are you here?\" The voice of an older woman, Auntie Em, answered, \"In the kitchen, Dorothy dear!\" Dorothy held the door open for Toto to run through, and let the wind shut it behind her. Then she took off her hat and book bag, and hung them on the coat stand. On the inside, the farmhouse had discolored walls and dark, wooden floors. Both creaked terribly (today more than usual,) but Dorothy had adjusted to the noise by now. Even if you were a stranger to this house, you would know instantly that an older couple lived there. For example, in the small parlor was a case full of elegant china figurines Auntie Em had collected since she was Dorothy's age, and hanging on the wall was a framed portrait of Abraham Lincoln, who Uncle Henry held as \"a hero of the simple folk.\" All through the house, there were odd and ends that chronicled the lives and characters of Henry and Em Gale, and even Toto had made little bite marks in the sofa legs when he was two months old. However, aside from Dorothy's bedroom upstairs, there was no sign that a little girl lived here. Across from the parlor was the kitchen, where Dorothy found her Aunt and Uncle. As Auntie Em was taking a pie out of the oven, Dorothy went to talk to Uncle Henry first. He was sitting at the small table, drinking black coffee, and judging by the salty odor of sweat in the room, the farmer had just got home from working in the fields. \"Uncle Henry!\" Dorothy exclaimed. \"You just won't believe what happened!\" Uncle Henry raised his hand, to tell his niece to calm down, but Dorothy didn't notice. \"Me n' Toto were out walkin' – of course, I didn't take him to school. I'd never do that again. – but then Miss Gulch's nasty ol' cat–\" Auntie Em, who had just set the pie down on the window sill, sighed. \"Dorothy,\" the farmer's wife interrupted. \"Can't you see that your uncle is–\" She turned around to face the girl, but stopped to gasp at the sight of her. \"Dorothy Matilda Gale! What have you done to your clothes?\" Dorothy looked down at her dirty pinafore, embarrassed. \"Well, Toto came runnin'–\" Auntie Em didn't let her finish. \"Oh, your precious puppy again, was it?\" she exclaimed. The woman glared at Toto, who was standing next to his mistress, and wagged her finger. \"I'll think on what to do with you later. And you.\" She turned back to Dorothy. \"You go put that pinafore outside, in the wash tub.\" \"But Auntie Em,\" said Dorothy. \"I have to tell y'all about Miss Gulch.\" \"You can tell us after you put that in the wash.\" Auntie Em nudged Dorothy out of the kitchen. \"And don't forget to wet it.\" \"Yes'm,\" muttered Dorothy. Dorothy took off her pinafore, and went outside with Toto. Between the farmhouse and the barn, there was a wooden tub, currently full of bedclothes, next to a slightly rusty water pump. Dorothy threw her pinafore in the tub, and tried to pick it up. When it proved too heavy, the girl groaned and pushed the tub under the pump instead. Suddenly, Dorothy felt a pain in her foot. She sat on the edge of the tub to take of her boot, and three pebbles fell out. The girl sighed. These boots are gonna just fall off my feet someday , she thought. But it's either new shoes or food, and an empty belly's worse than steppin' on a rock. After Dorothy put her boot back on, she started to pump water into the tub. Then a familiar voice coming from the barn made her stop. It was shouting, \"C'mon, Bessie! I get enough o' this from them chickenpox!\" Dorothy smiled. The voice undoubtably belonged to Jeff Wright, the Gales' most, and at the same time least, dependable farm hand. Then an angry Moo! and the sound of something, or someone, crashing erased the smile from Dorothy's face. When she heard Jeff's voice make a howl of pain, the girl sprinted for the barn. The old barn was alive with the clucking of chickens. Two flew out when Dorothy opened the door, but Toto quickly chased them back inside as Dorothy walked in. \"Jeff?\" called Dorothy. \"Are you in here?\" \"That'chu, Dolly?\" Jeff groaned. His voice sounded strange, and it had an echo. Dorothy followed the voice behind a mound of fresh straw. Sure enough, lying there was a gangling teenager, with a bucket stuck on his head. \"Oh, Jeff! What happened to you?\" asked Dorothy. \"Can ya help take this thing offa me first?\" Jeff asked back. Dorothy hurried to Jeff's side, and helped the farm hand stand. She grasped the sides of the bucket. \"Okay, you push, I'll pull,\" she said. \"On three.\" Together, Dorothy and Jeff chanted, \"One! Two! Three! \" then they respectively pulled and pushed as hard as they could. Too hard apparently, because the bucket smoothly slid off Jeff's head, sending both of them tumbling into the straw. While spitting out straw, Dorothy saw that Jeff's usually wild hair was wet with milk, and because of that, the straw was sticking to it. When Toto caught the scent of the milk, he dashed to the teen's face, and started to lick. \"Aw, Toto,\" Jeff laughed with gusto. \"Kiss me, don't eat me.\" Dorothy couldn't help but laugh too. Once his face was thoroughly covered in puppy drool, Jeff stood up, Toto still in his arms, and turned to Dorothy. \"What's the damage, Dolly?\" he asked. \"You just need a bath,\" said Dorothy. \"What happened?\" \"Well,\" Jeff sighed. \"Ellie, here,\" – he pointed to the cow – \"wanted to let me know that she wants Hank n' Em to get themselves a new farm boy.\" He laid out his hand to help Dorothy to her feet. \"Are you sure you didn't get too close to her baby again?\" the girl asked as she stood up. Jeff averted his eyes. \"Maybe,\" he muttered. The sight of his red, embarrassed face sent Dorothy into a fresh fit of giggles. Suddenly, Jeff put his arms akimbo and stomped his foot. \"Y'know what?\" he exclaimed. \"Smells like a barn in here. Let's go into the fresh air.\" Setting Toto down, Jeff, Dorothy, and the puppy went outside, the teen shutting the barn door behind them. \"So,\" Jeff said. \"What's new? How was school?\" When she heard Jeff's question, Dorothy swallowed hard. Should she tell Jeff about Gulch? This young man was as good as any big brother, but his mouth had a tendency to run like a brand new engine. One hint of bad news, and Auntie Em and Uncle Henry would be listening to a story so thick, that it might as be from Jeff's imagination. And that won't help me, Toto, or anybody. Jeff must have noticed his friend's silence, because he asked, \"Dolly, are ya okay?\" Dorothy quickly shook her head. \"No, it's just...\" She paused. \"The May Fair draw was today.\" \"Oh, ya didn't win?\" Jeff asked sadly. \"No,\" Dorothy murmured. Then, with more voice, she said, \"No, I won.\" Jeff started bouncing and let out exclamations of joy. \"Alright, Dorothy!\" He pulled her into a hug, lifting her off the ground. \"This is the best news ever !\" Dorothy remained stiff in her friend's arms, until he took the hint and let her down. \"No, it is not !\" she retorted. \"I get stage-fright, you know I do. And I can't sing!\" Jeff waved his hand and made a pffft sound. \"Dolly, nobody can sing when they're nine–\" \"Near-ten,\" Dorothy corrected him. There was no point in being called nine years old if her birthday was a week away. \"Right, nobody can sing when they're near-ten ,\" said the farm hand. \"The point's that ya look cute, and ya do. Really.\" This made Dorothy smile, but only for a second. \" And the fair's openin' on yer birthday, right?\" Jeff continued. \"Do ya know how many little girls would eat mud to be a star for their birthday?\" \"But I don't wanna be a star for my birthday!\" Dorothy declared. \"What if I freeze up there, in front of ev'rybody?\" Jeff shrugged and scratched his head. After an awkward and long, \"Uuuh,\" Jeff finally said, \"Dramatic pause?\" \"Jeff,\" Dorothy groaned and cast her eyes down. No matter his good intentions, the teen never really had been one to give very useful advice. \"Can you just make me laugh, or give me some better news?\" the girl asked. Suddenly, Dorothy pointed, and exclaimed, \"Wrench!\" Jeff halted mid-step and looked down. A monkey wrench was directly underneath his foot. \"Whew! That could've been bad.\" Jeff knelt down and picked the wrench, which he stuffed into his pocket. \"So, good news?\" he asked. Dorothy nodded slowly. Jeff softly chanted, \"Good news, good news, good news,\" as he thought. Then his face lit up. \"Oh! Me n' Pa heard back from Benny, uh, Benjamin.\" \"Really? How's he doin'?\" Benjamin, as he preferred to be called these days, was Jeff's older brother, who had moved away to New York City two years ago. \"Uh, good. He's good.\" The farm hand sneered. \"Y'know, I don't think he's really readin' our letters.\" \"Why's that?\" asked Dorothy. \"I wrote him about the fair, but he didn't mention it in his letter,\" Jeff grumbled. \"All he talks about is that the city's the best place in the whole wide world, and that he's a big, important Manhattanese Newspaper man now. Dunno what he's writin' for. All the paper's wanna talk about these days is that circus goin' on in Europe.\" Dorothy took her friend's hand. \"There's prob'ly lots in the city to write about. You said Manhattan's a busy place, right?\" \"Benjamin says it is.\" Jeff shrugged. \"No fields. Lotsa people, and huge buildings, though.\" Dorothy had only seen 'huge buildings' in photos. She could only imagine how grand they looked in real life. They can't look that grand if they're all made of ugly grey cement n' concrete. Maybe with some color? Not yellow, yellow's hard to look at. Blue's good, or green. With the girl's dreamy silence, Jeff was first to speak again. \"Sound like a great place, Dolly?\" \"I guess. I just wonder what's out there in the world sometimes.\" The girl stopped walking and looked down, sad. \"Sometimes, I feel like I was meant to end up there, instead of out here.\" Jeff sighed, then he pulled his little friend into a gentle hug. \"Yer 'nother 'Lisa Wonderland,' Dorothy Gale,\" he said. Dorothy laughed. \"You mean 'Alice in Wonderland,' Jeff,\" she corrected. Jeff shared in the laugh. \"Right, her.\" Suddenly, the tender embrace was interrupted by Toto's frantic barking. Dorothy and Jeff turned in the direction of the noise, and saw the terrier being chased by a hen! Dorothy screamed her dog's name. The girl and the teen tore after the animals. Dorothy caught the piqued hen, but poor, frightened Toto ran for the farmhouse, and hopped up to the widow sill for safety, upsetting the cooling pie. \"Auntie Em's pie!\" Jeff ran with back bent and arms out. In a nick of time, he stopped the pie from falling. Dorothy let out the breath she didn't know she was holding, set the hen down on the ground, and ran to Jeff and Toto. \"Are y'all okay?\" she asked. \"Holy sugar beet syrup!\" Jeff exclaimed as he stood up, the pie still in his hands. \"That was too close.\" The farm hand glared at the hen. \"Billina!\" he called. \"Yer name should be Bully-na!\" The hen clucked an annoyed Buck-Bugawk! back at Jeff, then scratched the ground and walked off. \"She just likes her personal space,\" said Dorothy. She turned to face the savior of Auntie Em's pie, but then she saw something that made he gasped. The monkey wrench Jeff had put in his pocket had fallen out, and he was moving to put the pie back on the window sill. \"Jeff, look out!\" Dorothy called, but it was for naught. Before he could ask what Dorothy was shouting about, Jeff slipped on the wrench, and, when the pie landed on the window sill, his face landed in the pie. Had this been any other pie, Dorothy would have laughed, but as this was Auntie Em's pie, Dorothy covered her gapping mouth in shock. Jeff, shocked as Dorothy, lifted his head from the pie. His face was incredibly red; partly from embarrassment, but mostly from the strawberry-rhubarb filling. The silence was deafening, until Auntie Em's voice cut through it. \"Jefferson Wright!\" Dorothy and Jeff turned to the older woman coming from behind the front of the house. She looked only a second away from bursting with rage. \"Oh, my G-Great Aunt Francesca,\" whimpered Jeff. \"Of all the most clumsy good-for-nothings!\" Auntie Em charged up her farm boy, and wagged her finger in his face. \"You're lucky I'm not your mother!\" The farmer's wife pulled a piece of straw off of Jeff's head, yanking some hair at the same time. \"Is this straw comin' out of the barn or your ears?!\" she demanded. Jeff just opened and closed his mouth, too frightened of this furious woman to speak. Auntie Em shut her eyes, and took a deep breath to calm down. She pointed to the water pump. \"Go,\" she ordered Jeff. \"Go clean yourself off.\" Jeff nodded vigorously, nervously said, \"Yessir, uh, ma'am. I meant ma'am,\" and walked to the pump. After another deep breath, Auntie Em turned to her niece. \"Dorothy,\" she said. \"You n' Toto, come into the house.\" Her serious tone made Dorothy nervous. \"What's the matter?\" \"You'll find out.\" Auntie Em walked back into the farmhouse. Dorothy called Toto to her, and scooped him up in her arms. After she entered the house, what the girl saw made her freeze with fear. There, sitting in the parlour with her uncle and aunt, was Gulch and Sheriff Kingsley. Dorothy gulped. \"Uh, oh.\" \"The simple fact, Mrs. Gale, is that your niece's dog is a menace,\" said Gulch as she set her teacup and saucer down on the table. Sitting next to her on the sofa was a very nervous-looking Sheriff Kingsley. He was a big, muscular man, with a thick beard, but next to Almira Gulch, he might as well have been a kitten. Across from them were the Gales. There was only one chair, so Auntie Em sat, and her husband and Dorothy stood beside her. Dorothy, who was still holding Toto, fought the urge to snap at Gulch. \"As a survivor of an attack from the vicious beast,\" Gulch continued. \"It is my duty to the community that he be dealt with properly.\" \"Miss Gulch,\" said Auntie Em. \"I can assure you that Dorothy is sorry for what happened.\" Somehow, Gulch scowl grew more grim. \"Oh, no. It is beyond apologies now. Sheriff Kingsley and I are prepared to make sure this menace is destroyed at once!\" The jaws of the Gales fell open. \"Destroyed!?\" squeaked Dorothy. \"No, please!\" She turned to her uncle. \"Uncle Henry, you can't! You won't, right?\" The farmer patted Dorothy on the shoulder and shook his head. \"Doesn't that sound harsh, Miss Gulch?\" asked Auntie Em. \"We could keep Toto tied up.\" \"To me, it sounds perfectly reasonable for a dog that bites.\" Gulch turned to the sheriff, making the large man jump in his seat. \"So says the law, does it not, Sheriff?\" she asked. Kingsley twiddled his fingers, and said, \"Mr. n' Mrs. Gale, if the dog really attacked Miss Gulch–\" \"I was attacked, you idiot,\" snapped Gulch. \"Why, I'm all but lame from that bite.\" The frightened man stared at the floor. Gulch reached into her purse, and pulled out a slip of paper. \"This,\" she said, \"is the legal order, allowing me to do with the beast as I choose. You can either give me the animal, or you can go against the law.\" Gulch handed the order to Auntie Em, who looked over it with wide eyes. \"We can't go against the law, Dorothy,\" said Auntie Em. Her voice cracked. \"It seems Toto has to go.\" \"What? No!\" Dorothy cried. She grabbed Auntie Em's arm. \"Please, Auntie Em,\" Dorothy begged. \"It's my fault, not Toto's. Punish me instead.\" Auntie Em shook her head. \"It's out of our hands, Dorothy.\" Gulch snorted. \"Sheriff, take the dog,\" she ordered. Kingsley moved towards Dorothy slowly, and the girl held Toto closer. \"Please, don't take him away,\" she begged, almost ready to cry. Suddenly, Uncle Henry put himself between the sheriff and his niece, and glared at the man. \"Coward,\" he said. Everyone was shocked to hear Uncle Henry speak. The farmer had lived very much for a man his age, and he had long ago learned to save his words until it really mattered. When Henry Gale spoke, it was always for something important. When Kingsley didn't even look at the farmer, Uncle Henry hissed, \"Say somethin'!\" The sheriff just pushed his way passed Henry, and grabbed Toto. The frightened pup whimpered at the stranger's touch. \"Stop, you're hurtin' him!\" Dorothy cried. The girl tried to pulled her dog away, but Uncle Henry came up behind her and held her arms still. Dorothy looked up at her uncle. His dark eyes were so gentle, but at the same time, they were strong and unyielding. They commanded Dorothy to let go, and she did. Dorothy watched Sheriff Kingsley put Toto in a basket. Her heart was pounding, and she couldn't stop the tears any longer. With a surge of heartache and anger, she ran upstairs to her bedroom. The heartbroken girl swung the door open, slammed it hard enough to shake the floor, and crawled under her bedspread. Hugging a pillow, Dorothy cried; she wailed and wept the most she had in years. How could they? Toto's just a puppy, he doesn't deserve this! After a minute or two past, and Dorothy's weeping had grow softer, there was a knock on her door. \"Dolly?\" It was Jeff. \"Dolly, can I come in?\" \"No!\" Dorothy shouted. A part of her knew raising her voice at Jeff was wrong, but she didn't want to talk to anybody right now. Then was a second knock immediately afterward. \"Dorothy?\" called Auntie Em. \"Dorothy dear, we're goin' to town. Do you want anythin'?\" Toto. I want Toto , Dorothy thought. She started to cry again, but she still heard Auntie Em sigh behind the door. \"We're sorry, Dorothy,\" said the woman. \"We really, truly are.\" If you're so sorry, why did you let Gulch take Toto away. Dorothy heard Auntie Em and Jeff walk down the stairs, then all was quiet, except for her crying. Eventually, the need for cool air and signs of a headache forced Dorothy to abandon her cocoon of blankets. She wasn't sure how long it had been since Uncle Henry, Auntie Em, and Jeff left, but she didn't remember falling asleep, so it probably wasn't too long ago. Dorothy went downstairs to get a glass of water for her headache. The pitcher in the kitchen was half-empty, and the water in it had been out too long, but Dorothy couldn't bring herself to care. The puppy she had cared for since his birth in the Wrights' front yard was gone. The poor girl missed her friend so much, she almost thought she imagined the barking at the door. \"Huh?\" Dorothy quickly set the water down on the table, and dashed to the front door. When she opened it a little black bundle of fur bounced into her front. \"Toto!\" Dorothy picked up her cairn terrier and twirl with him. \"You came back! Good boy, you came back!\" The puppy yapped with joy and licked his mistress' face. Dorothy could not remember being this happy since Toto had been put into her care ten months ago. However, it did not last, because she realized something awful. \"Gulch n' the sheriff'll be back for you soon.\" Dorothy held her dog up to her face. \"Toto, what're we gonna do?\" she asked. Toto whimpered, as if to admit he had no idea at all. Dorothy hugged and petted her dog as she mulled over what to do. When she caught sight of her sun hat, however, the girl got an idea. It was not a very good idea, but it was one nonetheless. \"Toto, we have to run away.\" Next time on Dorothy and the Wizard of Oz , while on the road, Dorothy has a drink and a heart-to-heart with a carnival man, in The Marvel-less Magician . I think anyone who knows Oz: The Great and Powerful knows who this carnival man will be.[Chapter 4] The sixth review is in, so here is the third chapter of Dorothy and the Wizard of Oz , and the last one to be set in Kansas until, as I'm sure everyone knows, the epilogue: The Marvel-less Magician . Writing dialogue is much easier than describing actions, so I'm sorry if I sound repetitive anywhere. I welcome constructive criticism, just don't be rude. Thank you, Jokermask18, for your continued support. The Marvel-less Magician Dorothy spent about ten or fifteen minutes denying the inevitable, but eventually, she recognized that her 'not good' idea of running away from home was a bad one. Even before she left, a problem presented itself: the little girl didn't know what to pack. The only trips she had ever taken alone were ones to and from school. After emptying her book bag of school supplies, Dorothy placed in it a snack, consisting of a small leftover chicken pie, two (washed!) carrots, a jar of strawberry jam, and three oatmeal cookies. Then, she added a pair of scissors, rubber bands, and a photo of her late parents, John and Annie Gale. With bag in hand, and sun hat hanging from her neck, Dorothy left the Gale farm with Toto. After some thought, the girl decided to move north on the road. If she went the other way, there was a chance of coming across Gulch and Miss Lotta again. However, the north road soon ended. Dorothy and Toto found themselves on the westbound road to town. I can't go there. Uncle Henry and Auntie Em'll see me. Dorothy racked her brain for an answer, and remembered the nearby creek. \"If we can't take a road,\" said Dorothy to Toto. \"We'll follow the water. Like the settlers.\" The girl and her little dog followed the creek northwest. Three times, Dorothy needed to stop to empty her shoes of pebbles. She stopped a fourth time to sit down, because Dorothy had realized trying to run away was a bad plan. Feeling very foolish, Dorothy looked at Toto, who was trying to get into the book bag, no doubt for the food. \"I guess that's an idea,\" she laughed. The girl opened the bag, and took out a carrot and the jam jar. She bit the carrot in half, gave a piece to Toto, and dipped the other piece in the jam for herself. No-one else ate carrots this way, but it tasted good and there was nobody around to see, so Dorothy didn't mine. Munching on the carrot, Dorothy studied her surroundings. The town was visible, but small. She couldn't see the farm, unless it was one of the tiny dots on the horizon. \"Just where are we goin'?\" Dorothy asked, mostly to herself, but she knew the answer. There was no place for her but the farm, and she knew no-one who would not tell her to go back. The little girl didn't know what to do. After swallowing the last piece of strawberry-carrot, Dorothy took out the photo she packed. Uncle Henry kept many photos of his younger brother, John. There were less of his sister-in-law, Annie, but still plenty. However, this particular one held a special meaning to Dorothy. The old photo was faded and permanently crinkled, but Dorothy could make out most of it easily. Standing before a field of sunflowers, there was a beautiful woman with fair hair, and a tall man with messy dark hair. The couple was somewhat young, and looked very happy. With their four arms, they cradled a little baby in a blanket. Dorothy turned the photo over, and read the written inscription: Dorothy, Our gift from God May 1906 Dorothy felt the prick of tears forming behind her eyes. On instinct, Toto nuzzled his mistress' arm. Dorothy smiled and petted the pup's head. \"I wish you could've known 'em, Toto,\" she said. \"They'd never give you away.\" Suddenly, a noise made Dorothy jump. It was a horse's whinny. The girl turned away from the creek, and saw a horse and caravan on the next road. She heard a man's voice too, but the words were muffled by the distance. Curiousity took over, and Dorothy went to get a better look. The lovely caravan, decorated with paintings of stars and the words The Magical Professor Marvel , was propped on the road's side with rocks. The powerful-looking horse that was meant to pull it was tied to a small staircase leading to a front door, and sitting on the steps was the man Dorothy had heard. His face was covered by the huge map he was studying. \"It shouldn't be this hard,\" the man said to himself. \"Let's see. We crossed the border, and that detour went north, no, northwest from Wellington.\" He turned the map sideways. \"Then I would be around here, so Wichita must be...upside down!?\" With an exasperated cry, \"I give up!\" he threw the offending paper in the air, then rubbed his eyes. With the map discarded, Dorothy could see the man had a slender frame, windblown dark hair, and a stubbly chin. He wore a showy vest with an otherwise ordinary suit. Once the man took a calming breath, he saw Dorothy staring at him. The second his eyes caught her, Dorothy's own eyes went wide and she froze in place. \"Hey, there,\" he called with a wave. \"Say, uh, you wouldn't happen to know where I am, would you?\" the man said, sounding embarrassed. Dorothy slowly started to walk backwards, but her eyes were still gawking at this man. His head tilted in confusion. \"Hello?\" he asked. Then the man's face softened into an understanding smile. \"Oh, I get it. Can't talk to strangers, right?\" He nodded. \"Very smart.\" The man stood up, still smiling, and walked towards Dorothy. The girl took two quick steps backward and swallowed hard. She would have made more steps, but Toto had sat down. To Dorothy's surprise, the man offered his hand to shake. \"Hello, my name is Frank,\" he said. \"I was born on October ninth in Omaha, but there's not much there besides Nebraskans, so I joined the circus at twenty-four. My favourite color is turquoise, that's a greenish blue, and I'm scared of ghosts and small spaces.\" Frank pointed to his horse. \"This is Zoroaster. I call him Zoro. He's sort of lazy, but he'll still push or pull whatever you give him.\" Dorothy laughed, and shook Frank's hand. \"Nice to meet you, Frank. I'm Dorothy Gale.\" \"Now were not strangers,\" said Frank. \"So, Miss Gale, can you tell where we are?\" Dorothy wasn't sure that this exact spot had a name, so she pointed southwest. (At least, she thought it was southwest.) \"Well, if you follow this road for about a mile, you'll get to Conway Springs.\" \"Conway Springs?\" asked Frank. He walked back to the caravan and looked at his map. Then his face fell, jaw and all. \"Oh, that's not even on the map!\" Frank started to grunt and ruffle with hair with panic, but remembering that he was in front of a child, he quickly gathered himself. \"What are you doing out here? Going on a visit?\" Dorothy shook her head and looked down. \"No, I'm, er...\" She hesitated, but decided to tell the truth. \"I'm runnin' away.\" Frank's eyes widened, and he sighed a soft, \"Oh.\" This is it. He's gonna tell me to run along home. That's what grown-ups say to little kids who don't know anythin'. But Frank said nothing of the sort. Dorothy looked back up at the man. His eyes looked sad, but he forced himself to smile. \"Are you hungry? Or do you want something to drink?\" \"Um,\" Dorothy muttered. She had been preparing to explain why she couldn't go home, so she wasn't sure how to respond to an invitation. \"I have a lunch,\" she said. \"But, I guess I'm thirsty.\" Frank ushered Dorothy up the stairs, inside the caravan. There was a little stove, an old couch, a round table with two chairs, and a box bed in the back. In between the household elements, trunks of all sizes were thrown everywhere. Atop some trunks were mechanical thingamabobs Dorothy either had never seen, or couldn't remember the name of. On the poster-covered walls, were shelves full of bottles and fancy little boxes, and hanging on hooks were painted masks, and crafts Dorothy had certainly never seen before. They looked like man-made spider webs with feathers attached. Dorothy hang her hat on a mask's long nose, beside a shirt on a hook. As she sat down on the couch, (which was surprisingly hard and lumpy,) and Toto sat next to her on the floor, Frank dug through an icebox. \"Let's see, what do I have?\" He pulled out a green bottle. \"How do you feel about apple cider?\" Before Dorothy could answer, however, Frank took a closer look at the label and grimaced. \"You know what, forget the cider.\" \"That's okay,\" said Dorothy. \"I don't like apples that much.\" \"Really?\" Frank said. \"Huh, I've never met anybody who didn't like apples.\" Neither have I , Dorothy thought sadly. To take her mind away from the sorry thought, the girl studied the walls of the caravan. There was a poster with the name, The Magical Professor Marvel , like the sign outside. \"Excuse me,\" she said. \"Are you Professor Marvel?\" At Dorothy's question, Frank looked at the poster too. \"Huh? Oh, uh, yeah,\" he said. Then he continued the search through the icebox. \"Well, kind of. I'm not really a professor, and my name's not Marvel. But who's going to go to the circus to see somebody named Frank Marvin put on a magic show.\" Dorothy gasped. Did he just say magic show? \"You're a magician?\" she asked. Frank pulled two bottles out of the icebox. \"Yes. Yes, I am. Resident master of magic and illusions of the Baum Bros. Circus,\" he explained. \"How about some ginger beer with mint syrup. I have to get rid of this anyway.\" \"That sounds good,\" said Dorothy. She hadn't had anything resembling ginger beer since last summer. The taste was forgotten, but Dorothy vaguely remembered a bubbly feeling in her throat. Frank found two tin mugs, opened the bottle of beer with a loud Pop! and sizzle, and poured the golden syrup into the mugs, followed by the beer. He handed one to Dorothy, and sat on a chair across from her with the other in hand. After taking the mug, Dorothy remembered her lunch. She pulled out the oatmeal cookies, and offered one to Frank. \"My aunt made these this mornin',\" said the girl. Without further coaxing, Frank happily took a bite of the cookie. \"Your aunt has my compliments,\" he said before he took a swig of beer. Dorothy took a trial sip of her beer. She almost spat it out in surprise. The refreshing mint-and-ginger taste was stronger than anything she had eaten in a long time, and the bubbles tickled her tongue. It was wonderful. \"I'm told this is supposed to just go down your throat,\" said Frank. \"But I like holding it my mouth.\" After a particularly big gulp, Dorothy answered, \"I think I do, too.\" Then she thought of something. Frank had called himself a resident of a circus. \"Uh, Frank,\" she said. \"Are you in the circus, or are you the circus?\" Frank, understanding the girl's confusion, made an awkward face. \"I'm with a circus. We just got separated,\" he explained. \"See, the circus, including me, was supposed to be in Wichita about...\" He paused to think. \"About yesterday. Two days ago, we were all stocking up in Wellington, but Perry needed to send a telegram. He asked me to go to the office, so I asked my soon-to-be-ex-friend Allen Whitelock to wait for me by the caravan.\" Frank's calm tone of voice immediately traded for an angry one. \"When I got back, all I found was a note with directions. I followed them for about two miles, before I remembered that Allen can't tell right from left. So now, I'm all the way out here with a caravan, a horse, and what I'm starting to suspect is an outdated map.\" When Frank finished his story, he exhaled deeply. Dorothy, meanwhile, came to the end of her mental picture of the story. \"That's a lot of bad luck,\" she said. Frank shrugged. \"I think it'll make a good campfire story someday. So, how about you?\" \"I dunno what makes a campfire story good,\" said Dorothy. \"I mean, what are you doing out here, Dorothy?\" \"Oh,\" Dorothy sighed, sadly. She had almost forgotten. \"A neighbor is makin' my aunt n' uncle give Toto away.\" She motioned to the black puppy on the floor to demonstrate. Frank offered his hand for Toto to sniff. \"Aww, why would anybody want to get rid of this little guy?\" \"He bit the neighbor on her leg,\" explained Dorothy. When Frank tore his hand away in fear, the girl added, \"but she started it!\" \"What do your parents say?\" Frank asked. Dorothy had been asked questions like this before, thus her answer came like a reflex. \"I don't have parents.\" Frank's jaw dropped wide open, letting the ginger beer stream back into the mug. Once he collected his wits, he said, \"Oh, I am so sorry.\" Dorothy nodded. She reached into her bag, pulled out the photo and passed it to Frank. \"That's them. When I six, there was an influenza ebit-\" Dorothy paused, trying correctly enunciate. \"Epidemic, and it took 'em. Then my Uncle Henry n' my Auntie Em brought me to live here at their house.\" Frank was studying the photo intensely, as if there was something in it he recognized. \"Did you live next to those sunflowers?\" he asked. \"Not right next to. It was a walk away, but we loved seeing it,\" Dorothy recounted. \"Daddy put it in my delivery story.\" \"I'm sorry, your 'delivery story'?\" asked Frank. \"Daddy and Mama told me that God put me in that sunflower field when I was a baby, so they could find me,\" explained the girl. \"Makes more sense to me then a big bird. Where does it even get the babies?\" Frank mouthed Oh! and nodded with understanding. \"I think that's a nice story, and this looks like a beautiful place to be born,\" he said with a wide smile. He folded the photo, and returned it. \"But, about your aunt and uncle,\" Frank continued. \"Do you like living with them?\" \"They dunno that much about kids, and it can get sorta borin',\" Dorothy admitted. \"But they're all I've got now. I know I shouldn't have left.\" Dorothy bent down and picked up Toto. As usual, the puppy was perfectly calm in his mistress' arms. \"But Toto's my best friend in the world,\" she exclaimed. \"I can't give him away!\" As Dorothy spoke, Frank ate the rest of his cookie and downed his beer. He set his empty mug down on the little round table, then scrunched up his face and breathed deeply. \"Dorothy,\" he said. \"I don't think you have a choice, besides go home, and talk to your aunt and uncle. They'd never do anything to hurt you, would they?\" Dorothy held Toto close, and shook her head. \"Then they'll understand. You, the three of you, will find a way to work everything out.\" \"I dunno...\" This was going nowhere. Frank and Dorothy could both see it. The magician averted his eyes and drummed his fingers on his knee, trying to think. Then his face lit up, and he dashed to the shelves. He searched through a collection of jars, and, from out of one, pulled out a chain of beautiful crystals! \"I'm not suppose to hand out merchandise for free,\" said Frank. \"But I think you could use this.\" Dorothy put Toto down, and laid out her palm to accept the necklace. \"What is it?\" the girl asked. Frank pulled a second necklace from the jar to fiddle with. \"That's an excellent question,\" he said. \"It's either magic good luck stones mined only in the Appalachian Mountains, or it's rock candy on a string.\" Dorothy blinked in confusion. She sniffed the crystals, and smelled sugar. She brought a crystal to the tip of her tongue, and tasted sugar. \"It's candy,\" the girl said sadly, as she had liked the idea of good luck stones. \"Are you sure?\" asked Frank, as he put the second necklace and jar away. \"Magic needs belief to be real, and I should know. If you think they're good luck, chances are they'll be lucky.\" \"Then why did you tell me it's candy?\" Dorothy demanded, annoyed. Frank's hands curled into fists. \"Because lies make everything bad,\" he said in a low, sober voice. \"I've seen the ways lies can hurt, so I promised I'd never lie to anybody, especially not to kids.\" That's not about candy. \"What're you talking about?\" asked Dorothy. \"I wasn't always the Baum Brothers' magician,\" said Frank as he sat back down in his chair. \"I started out as the old magician's assistant. Actually, I wasn't much of an assistant. I just carried the bags, drew the curtains, and listened to all the insults he threw at my face.\" \"He sounds mean,\" Dorothy said. The magician shrugged. \"I wouldn't say he was mean, per say,\" he said. \"He had big dreams, mostly of fame and fortune, and everything else came second. He lied at the worst times to get ahead, and he never really think about what that did to other people. At least, I didn't see him think about it.\" Frank looked sadly down at his tapping fingertips as they clasped. Dorothy had seen this motion before. She knew it meant grief. \"Nine, maybe ten, years ago,\" Frank continued without looking up. \"We lost him in a storm. Since I knew every trick in and out, I was promoted to the stage, but I promised to never make his mistakes. I don't make promises based on lies, and I'm telling you the truth about the necklace.\" He looked up at Dorothy with a small smile. \"Which do you want it to be, lucky stones, or rock candy?\" Dorothy returned the smile, albeit weakly. \"Good luck stones sound better, I guess,\" she said. \"Then believe they're good luck,\" insisted Frank. He stood up and held out his hand. Dorothy gave him the necklace and lifted her braids, so Frank could tie the lucky stones around the girl's neck. \"If you believe it's candy, the only good thing they'll be for is a snack.\" Dorothy giggled at Frank's quip. She looked at the necklace of colorful sugar crystal, then shut her eyes to concentrate. These aren't candy, their for luck. Good luck! I'll go home, Auntie Em, Uncle Henry n' me will fix things with Sheriff Kingsley! And wicked ol' Gulch won't do a thing, no she won't! Feeling much better, Dorothy drank the last of her mint-ginger beer. She stood up with a bounce in her step and a grin on her face. \"I have to go, right now!\" \"Yeah, you do,\" said Frank. He took Dorothy's sun hat from the mask, and tossed it to her with a, \"Hat!\" Dorothy caught it between her open hands and gave Frank a confused look. \"Uh, sorry,\" the magician muttered. \"Random nostalgia.\" Dorothy and Toto sprang from the caravan, and immediately regretted it. The winds were now so strong, the little girl could have sworn she almost floated away, had she not have grabbed the thin banister. Her hat almost flew off her head, so she tightened the drawstring to her jaw. With smaller steps, Dorothy started on her way back to the Gales' farm. \"Thanks a lot, Frank,\" Dorothy called as she waved goodbye. \"I hope you get to Wichita soon!\" \"Thank you, Dorothy Gale! Remember, belief first, then magic.\" The magician watched the girl in pigtails and her little dog make their way home. Then an indignant whinny from Zoroaster caught his attention. The stallion look nervous, with his hooves stomping, and this made Frank nervous. \"We'd better get to 'Whatsits Springs,' quick.\" Frank untied the rope that secured Zoroaster to the caravan side, and started to prepare the harness. \"That sweet kid,\" he muttered to himself. \"I hope everything works out.\" The sight of the farm could not come sooner for Henry and Em. The farmer continued to berate himself in his head. All the signs were there in front of his face, but the constant rain for the last weeks had all but blinded him. A twister was on the way, straight from the eastern sky, but thankfully, it wasn't too late. Surprisingly, considering their older bones, the couple hopped out of their cart. \"Henry,\" said Em, her voice raised slightly to be heard over the howling winds. \"I'm gonna get Dorothy an' our things. You pack the cart into the barn, an' met us in the storm cellar.\" Henry nodded. It was all Em needed to dash for the farmhouse. The farmer let Holly loose, who promptly ran for the barn. Henry pulled the cart to the frightened hinny and opened the door from him. Despite the alarming moos and clucks, all the animals were huddled together, instead of running around like wild, well, animals. After parking the cart in a corner, Henry tried to shoo the animals outside. When that failed, he counted them instead. All were present and save. Henry mistook a noise for the wind at first, but soon realized it was his wife, screaming his name as she ran towards him. Em's face was one of absolute panic. Her eyes were wide enough to almost let her eyeballs roll out, and her rapid breaths matched the pace of her heart. Henry knew exactly what she was going to say, before she said it. \"I can't find Dorothy!\" Toto whimpered and struggled in Dorothy's arms, but the little girl refused to set him on the ground. She feared that her dog's little body would be blown away as easily as a leaf. For that matter, she feared her own little body would be blown away. The winds violently forced her this way and that, while whipping her braids and throwing dirt in her face. This isn't just a high wind, what's goin' on here? Holding up a free hand to her eyes, Dorothy searched the sky for the source of the storm. On the eastern horizon, she saw a towering, grey cyclone, ripping the sky and land. For the third or fourth time that day, Dorothy was too terrified to move, but she didn't even think of running this time. All she thought was, That's a twister! Zounds, that's a twister! Dorothy started running, but tried to keep her strides close to the ground. This worked very little, because Dorothy was busy focusing on the dusty devil on her left, which went more or less like this: Twister! — What do I do? What do I do?! — Hair in my mouth. Yuck. — A twister's wind, where do you hide from wind? —Underground! The storm cellar! Her eureka moment had perfect timing, because Dorothy had just arrived at the farm. The storm had near flattened the fence posts. Dorothy was forced to let Toto down so she could wrench the gate open. The little dog froze at his mistress' legs. The gate eventually opened, but Dorothy had to evade the swinging mass of wood to move through. Toto tried to follow, but the winds threw him down. Dorothy turned back to pick him up. A wide door to the storm cellar was found on the ground, next to the farmhouse's back porch. (Which, like the fence, was bending sideways with the wind.) Dorothy tried to open the latch, but the door was shut tight from the inside. The girl dropped to the ground and banged on the door. \"Auntie Em! Uncle Henry!\" she called. Toto scratched at the door to help. To Dorothy's great relief, Auntie Em's voice answered. \"Dorothy? Sweetheart, is that you?\" Dorothy quickly stood up, ready for the door to her and Toto's safety to open. Unfortunately, the girl heard a troubling sound. It resembled the creaking floors of the farmhouse, but louder. Dorothy turned in the direction of the noise, to the back porch. She saw a support column coming loose under the crooked canopy. With barely enough time to say \"Uh, oh,\" Dorothy grabbed Toto and jumped backwards with a scream, as the column fell on the cellar door. The little girl scrambled back to the door. She heard knocking, grunts and Auntie Em shouting her name in heartbreaking desperation. Dorothy tried to push the column away, but it wouldn't budge an inch. I can't get in! Now what? Dorothy felt herself starting to panic. Where do people go in bad weather? Inside! Where inside? Dorothy could only think of one place that was always safe to be in: under the bed. Disregarding Auntie Em's calls, Dorothy, with Toto still in her arms, ran inside through the back door. The farmhouse had always creaked with age, but now it was shaking, and screaming with crashes of everything not bolted in place. Dorothy and Toto ran upstairs to her bedroom. Her nightstand had been disturbed, and now her little lamp was tiny bits of glass and a puddle of oil. Thank goodness there were no sparks to be found. Dorothy tossed her book bag under the bed first. She was ready to crawl under herself, but then the window frame came loose and flew across the room long enough to bang the little girl on the head. Dorothy cried out in pain and surprise, but suddenly felt dizzy and cold. She fell down, and landed on something soft. Her bed? Then the creaking, crashing, howling and Toto's barking disappeared along with her bedroom, and Dorothy's consciousness slipped away. Picturing Zach Braff doing Frank's lines really help move it along. I want everyone to know that chose Frank's last name for the meaning, not because it's two letters away from Marvel. Next time on Dorothy and the Wizard of Oz , Dorothy makes colourful friends and a dangerous enemy, all in A Strange New World .[Chapter 5] It's been a long time. I've been revising this chapter so many times, while juggling stories I actually want to make money off of, but here it is. Just to be clear, I'm going on American English, so the field mice are technically voles. Since Mlle. p. Fox actually tried to guess, Dorothy's middle name refers to L. Frank Baum's wife, Maud, which is a variant of Matilda. Also the name of her mother. A Strange New World The storm and it's blustering and bellowing eventually settled, but Dorothy, who was still out cold, did not know this. What almost roused her from sleep, however, was the thump that came after. It was a violent thump, and it gave the whole house the grand finale of tremors. That last shake bounced Dorothy off her bed, and threw her, and the patchwork quilt, to the floor. Despite groaning in pain, the girl wanted very much to fall back asleep. A minute or two passed, then Dorothy was woken by something wet and smelly brushing her nose. Her eyes fluttered open, and she saw Toto's big dark eyes. The terrier licked his mistress again and barked. \"Toto?\" Dorothy muttered, drowsily. Her head was throbbing, as if her brain was trying to break out of her skull. \"Wha happent?\" Dorothy tried to stretch her legs, but she noticed that they were tangled in her bedspread, from the wooden bed. The girl lifted her upper half, only for a dull pain to shoot through her side. \"Oowww!\" Toto bounced to her side, whimpering with worry. Ignoring the pain, Dorothy picked herself up and laid back against the bed that was turned on it's side. Her fingers traced a large bruise on her ribs. Must've been where I fell. Dorothy rubbed sleep from her eyes, then she took in the train wreck her room now was. Aside from the topped bed, (under which was her hat,) the back and legs of the little chair were broken, and Dorothy's belongings had spilled from the large trunk that had housed them, into the oil puddle, with glass shards from the broken lamp chimney and shards from the broken mirror. Worst of all, there was a misshapen hole in the wall where a window had been, (it was now in a corner,) and another cut into the ceiling, with rays of daylight peaking through. The sun? Where's the roof? After unraveling the quilt, Dorothy stood up, (her legs were luckily unharmed, as the blanket had cushioned the fall,) and approached the sun-kissed area on the floor. Dorothy cupped her eyes, and peered up through the breach. Sure enough, there was no dark wood ceiling of the roof, just a clear blue sky. The girl's heartbeat and breaths quickened with shock, because this clearly meant a horrible thing. \"The roof's gone!\" Dorothy sputtered. She picked up her little dog, and started shaking him. \"Toto, the roof fell off!\" The poor animal barked at being manhandled in such a way. Dorothy winced and set Toto down, embarrassed. \"Sorry, boy.\" After a good shake to settle his head, Toto sat and yipped cheerfully at his mistress, as if to express forgiveness. Now mostly calm, Dorothy examined at the hole in her ceiling. \"Doesn't look that bad, I guess,\" she said, mostly to herself. \"But a whole roof? It's gonna need more hands than Uncle Henry's to–\" Dorothy gasped. She had almost forgotten about Auntie Em and Uncle Henry! They had gotten into the storm cellar. That meant they were alright, didn't it? There was only one way to know. Dorothy pushed her bed back right side up to retrieve her hat. It had been squashed, of course, but some pats and swishing restored it to wearable. Dorothy also picked up her book bag. Although ready to leave, Dorothy glanced back at her room. While she was still here, why not tidy up? Dorothy set down her bag and hat, and got to work. She started by picking up the quilt and pillow and making her bed, followed by setting the trunk back up. Then Dorothy saw, amongst with other things, a formerly periwinkle-blue dress with a lacy hem and cuffs in the oil puddle. \"Aw, my Sunday best,\" the girl sighed. While she picked up the dress by a dry corner, Dorothy noticed her nightie and a few underthings were missing, as were her old edition of Grimm's Fairy Tales and an almost new edition of Frances Burnett's The Secret Garden , the latter of which Dorothy hadn't finished yet. Auntie Em , she thought, pleasantly surprised. She must've gotten 'em before the twister hit. Remembering her aunt, Dorothy quickly threw everything dry in the trunk, then shut the lid and threw anything wet on top. Dorothy went out the door with her hat and bag in her hands, and Toto at her heels. The floor of the upstairs hallway was mostly still intact, aside from doors that had lost a few hinges. The staircase, however, was missing two or three steps, and the banisters were either falling or had already fallen. Given any other situation, Dorothy would never go near such a hazard, but this situation dictated that she go downstairs. She picked up Toto, held him close, and carefully trod their way down. Unfortunately, the ground floor was no better than the stairs. Everything—picture frames, tableware, furniture, and windows—was smashed to pieces. The sight of Auntie Em's dismembered china people made Dorothy's stomach turn. \"Let's go, Toto,\" Dorothy whispered. She couldn't stand to look at the devastation any longer. Dorothy and Toto walked to the back door. Like all the others in the house, it stood crooked, barely hanging on to it's last hinge. Dorothy had to set Toto down to tug it loose from the frame. What the girl saw as she stepped through the door, however, gave her quite a shock. There was no door to the storm cellar, no dusty backyard, no barn. There was no farm at all. Instead, what was behind the farmhouse was some sort of...grove? Granted, it had grass, trees and flowers growing in fancy arrangements, but they were the strangest plants Dorothy had ever seen. The trees looked like giant mushrooms, foliage huddled in a fat cone shape and covered in periwinkle flowers. Patches full of giant calla lilies shifted to a different shade of blue when a ray of sunshine grazed them. What looked like uncommonly leafy corn stalks had static azure drops the size of pears dripping from the leaves. (Dorothy had to look closer to see they really were the fruit.) \"What is this place, Toto?\" Dorothy asked. When she didn't received a bark to answer, Dorothy looked to see Toto rolling around in what looked like blue-green cotton, perfectly content. Dorothy couldn't help but envy the puppy's optimism. \"At least one of us is happy.\" Suddenly, Toto ceased his play and sniffed the air. The little dog tore off to a plot of mushroom-trees near the side of the house. \"Toto, come back!\" Dorothy shouted. She placed her hat on her head, and sprinting after him. \"We don't know where we are!\" Dorothy followed Toto under the trees. He was smelling something on the ground. When Dorothy caught up, her dog turned to his mistress and yipped, proud of his discovery. Dorothy shooed Toto away to see what had made him so excited. It was a little china boy in fancy clothes. His torso had been separated from his legs and left arm. \"How'd you get out here?\" Dorothy whispered. Dorothy tried to pick up the china boy, but when she touched the head, it, no, he opened his eyes! Dorothy squealed and leaped backwards, and Toto barked at the living doll. The poor china boy looked at Dorothy in horror, then realized the state his broken body and started to hyperventilate. \"Please...come here...please,\" the boy panted to her. Dorothy was frightened, but the china boy looked so desperate, she did as told. \"My name...is Bart,\" he struggled to say. \"Please...the princess. I need Quox glue.\" \"Quack what?\" Dorothy squeaked, still very unnerved. Bart mumbled, \"Quack? Qu-quaw...\" before he passed out. Dorothy wasn't sure what she was meant to do, but the goodness inside was telling her to find help for the china boy. She pulled her book bag's straps up to her shoulders, and scooped up the pieces of Bart. Though without any idea of what was happening, Dorothy turned to leave the strange grove. After stepping over a white picket fence, Dorothy found herself in the square of a strange city. The ground was almost entirely paved with sparkly cerulean stones, except for a swirl of yellow bricks in the center of the square that straightened into a road. The townhouses occupying the square were of many different shapes, sizes, and colors, but all had aslope roof and tall, round chimneys. The largest building by far—which seemed to belong to the grove—was built circular, with fancy lanterns hanging from every window, and a very tall, also circular clock tower with a dome-shaped roof. A large plaque in front of the building read, Munchkin City Hall . However, it was not the odd buildings or streets that made the square so strange to Dorothy. It was because it was completely quiet. With nobody in sight. \"Hello?\" Dorothy called. As the word echoed, it was joined by a creak. Dorothy looked for the source, but still, the girl saw nothing. Then a chubby field mouse appeared from behind an abandoned newsstand. It barely looked different from field mice she had seen, only bigger. Two more popped up behind a tree, with one wearing a crown. Dorothy smiled at the cute little creatures. \"Pardon me,\" said Dorothy. \"Do y'all know where ev'rybody is?\" She held up the shattered Bart in her hands. \"I have this...boy here who-\" Dorothy could finish her question, because the crowned field mouse pointed and shouted, \"The witch flaunts a trophy of her attack! Seize her!\" From every nook and cranny, an army of bigger than average field mice charged for Dorothy with knitting needles for spears. \"Run, Toto!\" Dorothy screamed. The puppy bolted for the next street, followed by Dorothy. Unfortunately, the rodent army blocked the exit's and surrounded the girl and her dog. Ten laced their needles, and descended on Toto, and tied his short legs together. \"Leave him alone!\" Dorothy ordered, before she felt twenty field mice jabbing needles in her boots and gnawing at the laces. \"Ouch! Ow, stop that!\" Before Dorothy could try to get away, the twenty rodents tied her feet together. They pushed her to the ground, and swarmed over the girl, tying her hands together and, at the same time, taking the pieces of Bart. Dorothy tried to break the binds, but it was futile. She was trapped. The crowned field mouse strutted across Dorothy's torso to her chin with a proud gait, and pointed at the girl. \"No spells? You are either confident or foolish, little witch.\" \"I'm not a witch!\" Dorothy protested. \"I'm just a girl!\" The crowned field mouse snorted, unconvinced. \"Then how, pray tell, did you and your structure fall from the sky?\" \" Fall from the sky?! \" Dorothy felt as if she had been struck by lightning. \"Playing dumb won't work, little witch!\" hissed the rodent. She glanced over Dorothy, then to her cohorts. \"Search the witch! Find the her source of her magic.\" Three mice stood on each others shoulders, and one on top started to dig Dorothy's her bag. \"Hey, that's my private property!\" the girl shouted, as she had heard Auntie Em say many times. The top field mouse shook his head. \"Nothing elaborate or shiny, my queen,\" he reported. The apparent queen field mouse glared at Dorothy intently. \"You do not fool me, witch,\" she said. \"The evidence against you is stronger than your innocent act.\" Now thoroughly annoyed, Dorothy struggled to sit up straight, forcing her accuser to retreat to her lap. \"There can't be 'evidence against me,' 'cause I haven't done anythin'!\" Dorothy insisted. \"I don't know where I am, n' I don't even know how I got here!\" \"What were you doing with a broken china boy then?\" asked the mouse. \"Yes,\" a new voice, feminine and gentle, said. \" What are you doing with a china boy, miss?\" Dorothy and the field mouse queen looked, and saw a beautiful china lady sprinting towards them. She was young-looking, and barely stood taller than a foot and a half. Her white skin and perfectly coiffed hair were glossy as a fresh egg. She had crystal blue eyes, red lips, and, and wore an elegant lavender gown with blue-violet trim and a tiny tiara on her head. Waddling behind her was a stout china man in a suit, carrying a parasol and declaring, \"Your Highness, wait for me!\" As Dorothy gazed at the china lady in awe, the field mouse queen frowned, albeit softly. \"I beg your pardon, Princess ,\" she said, putting a snide weight on 'Princess.' \"But I am in the middle of interrogating the little witch who so fiendishly dropped her house from the air.\" Hearing the impossible story a second time, Dorothy knew it must be true. The twister , she thought. The twister picked up the house, and it fell down on this place. But where is this place? \"I beg your pardon, your Majesty,\" said the China Princess. The china man finally caught up with his lady, and held the parasol over her head. After she rolled her eyes, the China Princess continued. \"But your suspect was seen with one of my people, wasn't she? Oh, I'd like him back, thank you.\" Five field mice carried the three pieces of Bart, and laid him before the China Princess. As the tiny princess touched his head, she sighed sadly. Then she turned to the field mouse queen. \"May I speak to your suspect?\" The field mouse queen sighed. \"Alright, alright. Go ahead, your Highness.\" The China Princess walked up to Dorothy, and smiled sweetly. \"In your own words, can you tell us exactly what you were doing with my pageboy?\" Dorothy gulped. She had been caught with a princess' own servant. \"I thought he was one of my Auntie Em's china dolls. But he woke up, then I screamed.\" The China Princess nodded. \"Did he say anything?\" \"He did,\" said Dorothy \"Somethin' about, um, 'Phlox blew,' or a corkscrew...\" \"Quox glue!\" the china lady exclaimed, tapping her head. \"Yes, of course.\" She turned to the man holding her parasol. \"Joseph, I want to to fetch the menders, please.\" \"But, your Highness...\" The attendant motioned to the parasol. The China Princess' expression turned annoyed. \"For the wellbeing of one of my young subjects, I will risked seeing the light of the sun,\" she said dramatically. \"Now go, Joseph.\" Joseph bowed, said, \"Yes, your Highness,\" and waddled off. Satisfied at the lose of her trying manservant, the China Princess waved her hand at the field mouse queen. \"There you go. You can untie her now.\" \"Princess!\" the queen gasped, putting her hand over her heart. The China Princess merely shrugged. \"The young lady has admitted to trying to help my page. I think that revokes your grounds to hog-tie her and her little friend.\" The royal rodent's cheeks puffed out in anger, but when she saw the heads of her subjects nodding in agreement, she relented. \"Go on, mice, untie the girl.\" As their queen ordered, the field mice cut the binds holding Dorothy and Toto. The terrier hopped to his free feet, shook his head, and ran to Dorothy, who happily cuddled with him. \"Thank you for helping me n' Toto,\" the girl said to the China Princess. The lady look at Dorothy and smiled a sure smile. \"You aren't a wicked witch, are you?\" she asked, although she clearly knew the answer. \"No, I'm not wicked, and I'm not a witch,\" said Dorothy. \"Witches are old, n' ugly!\" \"Only the bad ones,\" the China Princess laughed. She dropped a ladylike curtsy. \"I'm Annabella, Princess of China Town.\" \"Hello, your highness.\" Dorothy tried to curtsy like Princess Annabella, but only succeeded in losing her balance. \"I'm Dorothy Gale.\" The crowned field mouse marched to Annabella's side. \"I, Dorothy Gale, am the Queen of all field mice,\" she proclaimed, chest out. \"And even if you are a benevolent kind, I'm still certain you are a witch! Only a powerful magic could possibly-\" The queen's words stopped short when a bubble from nowhere popped in her face. Dorothy looked up, and saw over fifty more, of all different sizes, float down. The sunlight peeking through them created tiny rainbow-colored spots everywhere. The girl giggled and popped one, while Toto tried to catch them in his mouth. (Thankfully, failing each time.) Dorothy, wondering where these lovely bubbles came from, looked up to their source in the sky. Her jaw dropped, because she saw what was possibly the most amazing sight to behold yet. Up in the sky, floating inside the biggest bubble, was a beautiful woman. She had peachy skin, hazel eyes, and slightly curled blonde hair. The dress she wore looked silvery white, but the floral patterns on it sparkled with colors, like the bubbles and the glittering jewel in the center of her pale gold tiara. Dorothy couldn't shake the odd feeling that this woman looked familiar somehow. From out of the buildings and under gardens, and every other possible hiding place, came the rest of the townsfolk. There were small groups of field mouse women and children, china people of various sizes, shapes, and sheens. Dorothy saw Bart, his body glued back together, walking beside a china man who was carrying a huge (for his size,) gluepot. With the mice and figures, there was a new crowd of little people, barely shorter than Dorothy by a head. One little man in a cornflower blue suit and top hat looked up at the woman in the bubble, and exclaimed, \"Look! It's Glinda!\" Upon hearing her name, Glinda placed her golden stick in both hands to one hand, to wave down at the diverse masses. Glinda's bubble touched the ground, and popped with bell-like ping! The short people, china people and field mice clapped and cheered her name, while the field mouse queen and Annabella (with Joseph and his parasol, who had just returned to his princess' side,) bowed as she approached them. Dorothy felt the need to curtsy as well. For a princess and a queen to bow so quickly, this Glinda person had to be very important. Glinda stopped in front of Annabella. The woman smiled and bowed. \"Hello, Anna,\" she said. \"You're looking well.\" Annabella returned the smile. \"Hello, Glinda. Same to you.\" The blonde woman looked bewilderedly at the farmhouse sticking out of the grove. She turned to Dorothy. \"You came here , in that ?\" she asked the girl. Dorothy shrugged. \"That's what ev'rybody keeps sayin', ma'am.\" The woman smiled warmly, then bent down so her eyes could meet Dorothy's. \"Please, just call me Glinda. What is your name, dear?\" \"My name's Dorothy, ma'am.\" Dorothy curtsied. \"Dorothy Matilda Gale.\" Glinda's eyes widened. \"Dorothy? Your name is Dorothy?\" When Dorothy nodded, the beautiful woman whispered the name over and over, \"Dorothy, Doro -thy, Dor- thy ,\" as if trying to find it's taste. Dorothy, perplexed by Glinda's strange actions, raised her hand. \"Excuse me,\" she said. \"But could you maybe tell me where I am?\" \"Well, where do you think you are?\" asked Glinda. Dorothy scanned the colorful square, and thought back to the strange plants in the grove. \"It's not Manhattan, is it? This doesn't look anythin' like Kansas.\" \"Kansas?!\" Glinda exclaimed, making Dorothy jump. \"Is that where you from?\" she asked in a calmer voice. Dorothy nodded. \"Yes, ma'am.\" \"I'm sorry, Dorothy, but you're not in Kansas anymore,\" explained Glinda. \"You're in Oz.\" \"Oz?\" Dorothy had never heard of such a place. \"Where's that?\" \"Oz is, well, it's here, dear.\" Glinda motioned to the city. \"In the country of Oz, there are four countries to the north, south, east and west. Right now, you're standing in the Munchkin County of the West.\" A chubby girl child of the short people hopped up and down and waved. \"We're the munchkins!\" she exclaimed. Her mother quickly pulled her and her hand down with a disapproving look. After Glinda and Dorothy waved at the girl, the blonde woman continued. \"Oz is surrounded by a vast desert. The only way across it is by flight or magic.\" She motioned to the farmhouse. \"But it seems to me that you accomplished both. May I ask how? I would really like to know.\" Dorothy looked down and nervously fidgeted with her hands. \"Well, actually,\" she mumbled. \"I don't really know what happened.\" Seeing confused faces on everyone present, Dorothy took a breath and continued. \"First, I was talkin' to the not-magician, so I was late comin' home. I saw the twister, but the storm cellar was locked, so me n' Toto went up to my room. Then the window conked me on the head and ev'rythin' went black! I just woke up, maybe five minutes ago.\" \"Likely story!\" shouted the almost forgotten Queen of Field Mice. \"It's the truth, I swear,\" insisted Dorothy. The field mouse huffed. \"Do you honestly expect us to believe that you dropped a house on the Witch of the East by accident?\" The crowd of field mice, china figures, and munchkins gasped. Glinda placed her hand over her heart. Princess Annabella shot a dirty look at the queen. Dorothy, however, was sure her little heart would stop. \"W-what?\" Glinda tried to smile at the frightened girl, but her lips failed to curl. Instead, the lady extended her hand. \"Dorothy, would come this way, please.\" Dorothy took Glinda's hand, but when the girl almost tripped when she tried to take a step. The abuse from the field mouse army had shredded her boots' laces, and the hole-ridden soles were coming off the welts, revealing the toes of her striped stockings. \"Oh, my boots,\" moaned Dorothy. Still, she let Glinda lead her back to the front of the farmhouse. \"Oz has four powerful witches. One for each county,\" explained Glinda. \"I am the Witch of the South.\" This surprised the otherwise numb Dorothy. She had heard of good witches, but never one with youth and beauty. \"And this,\" said Glinda, as she pointed underneath the house. \"Is all that remains of the Wicked Witch of the East.\" When Dorothy saw what was peeking from under the house, she was certain that her heart had skipped a beat or three. A pair of legs were sticking out! When her heart started beating again, Dorothy had to hyperventilate to keep up with the pulses. \"Are you alright, dear?\" asked Glinda. \"I think I'm gonna throw up,\" whimpered Dorothy. Suddenly, there was sizzling sound, and the stiff, dead legs quaked. They shrank like stringy raisins, then dwindled into nothing. All that was left were the pretty silver shoes with curled toes that had adorned the Witch's feet, which fell to the ground. \"What happened?!\" demanded Dorothy, thoroughly flabbergasted. Glinda bowed her head. \"The sunlight was too much for her body, it seems.\" The good witch stepped over the broken fence and crouched next to the silver shoes. \"She was one of the wickedest, but it's still such a tragedy.\" She picked up the shoes, then tapped the ground with the jewel-tipped end of her golden stick. In a puff of rainbowy sparkles, a bouquet of yellow flowers appeared where the legs had once been. The citizens, some with reluctance, bowed their heads. When Dorothy tried to do the same was when the tears escaped her eyes. Toto, who was sitting at Dorothy's side, whimpered at the sight of his tearful mistress. The girl felt strange being the only one crying. Who had ever heard of the murderer weeping at the funeral of their kill? With the silver shoes still in hand, Glinda walked back to Dorothy's side. \"I'm sorry. I'm so sorry, I didn't mean it!\" the girl cried. \"There, there,\" Glinda said as she patted Dorothy's shoulder. \"Don't cry. I believe you.\" Looking up at the blonde woman's smiling face, Dorothy suddenly felt much better. Then Glinda held up the shoes. \"Now, I believe that someone is in need of a new pair of shoes?\" Dorothy's upper half tensed, while her legs took a quick little step backward. \"No!\" she squeaked, then she added. \"Um, no, no thank you, ma'am.\" \"And why not?\" \"B-b-because...\" Because those were on a dead person! \"Isn't that stealin'?\" Glinda pointed to Dorothy's boots. \"You certainly can't go walking around in those,\" she said. The good witch thrust the silver shoes into the girl's hands. \"At least try these on. Please?\" she insisted. \"Um, okay,\" Dorothy relented. After stepping out of her boots, Dorothy bent down and slipped into the silver shoes. As she had expected, they were a few sizes too big. However, as she wondered why Glinda had asked her to wear them, Dorothy watched the shoes shrink until they were the perfect size. Dorothy tapped the heels, making a pleasant click-clack against the cobblestones. \"They...fit,\" Dorothy muttered in awe. \"Yes, they do,\" said Glinda with equal awe. The moment of wonder abruptly ceased when the skies darkened with smokey-black clouds. The winds started to blow fiercely, and the lanterns on street lamps burst into flames. Toto howled and the crowd shouted in panic. \"Is this you?\" Dorothy asked Glinda, her voiced raised above the frightened citizens' screams. \"No, Dorothy,\" the good witch said, anxiously. \"I'm afraid this is another's magic.\" The fires grew bigger and hotter. Then they rotated to the next lamp, as if chasing each other, creating great ring of fire above the square. The black clouds shot down to the centre of the ring, and suddenly, they became a firey-red explosion! Dorothy held onto her sun hat as she chocked on red smoke. Little Annabella had to keep her lovely dress from being blown up around her neck. When the smoke cleared, a dark figure was crouching in the square. Glinda, the munchkins, the china people, and the field mice gasped and stepped backward. Dorothy, however, leaned forward for a better look. The figure was shaped like a woman. She wore, all in black, a dress that looked charred in places, a frayed cloak, riding boots, and a pointed hat with a wide brim. In one fingerless gloved hand, she held a black broomstick. The only color in the wardrobe was a ring adorned by a ruby. The woman raised her head to see her audience. When her face was revealed, Dorothy rapidly moved to Glinda's side in terror. This woman's skin was a vivid and sickly green, her nose was hooked like a bird's bill, her black fingernails were long and sharp, and her eyes were bright amber, like a roaring fire that radiated sheer rage. Those eyes frightened Dorothy most of all. The green woman with eyes of fire floated to the Witch of the East's resting place with speed like a bullet. She snatched up the bouquet with such force, that she seemed determined to strangle the yellow blossoms. \"Who's that?\" Dorothy asked Glinda in a hushed voice. \"She is the Witch of the West,\" explained Glinda. Her tone of voice was shockingly calm. \"Sister of the Witch of the East, and her equal in wickedness, I'm afraid.\" The Witch of the West dropped the crushed flowers, and turned to face the crowd. Her already fearsome face made more so by her furious glare \"Who did this?\" she demanded. All of her audience was too terrified to speak. \"I said, WHO DID THIS?!\" Her shriek was accompanied by a blast of hot wind, but still, no-one answered. The witch's amber eyes spotted little Dorothy. She floated toward her. \"Was it you?\" Dorothy couldn't find the words. This was her home that crushed the Witch of the East, regardless of intent. Not that this green-skinned woman seemed the sort to be concerned with intent. The girl could only shake her head. \"You killed my sister, and stole her shoes!\" snarled the Witch of the West. Glinda squeezed Dorothy's shoulders. \"No,\" she started, but with a strange surge of strength, Dorothy caught her off. \"I didn't mean to kill her!\" the girl exclaimed. \"It was an accident!\" \"An ACCIDENT?!\" the Witch of the West roared. Her free hand flexed like an evil claw prepared to strike. However, her enraged face transformed into a malicious smile. \"Accidents go both ways, little one,\" she said. The witch raised a claw-like hand. The red ring she was wearing glowed blood-red. A spark appeared in her palm, and it ignited into a red ball of fire! \"If I were to 'accidently' drop this on your head, for instance.\" Dorothy shut her eyes. She prayed the ball of fire to disappear. When she felt a cool breeze, the girl opened her eyes, and saw the fireball gone. Glinda had put herself in front of Dorothy, wand raised, and, once again, the Witch of the West looked thirsty for blood. \"This child had no part in what happened to your sister,\" Glinda said firmly. The jewel on her wand glowed brilliantly. \"Leave her be.\" The Witch of the West growled, and pointed her broomstick at Glinda like a shotgun. \"The little murderess gets a trophy for her troubles, while I have nothing to remember my sister by,\" the witch hissed. \"It hardly seems fair, wouldn't you say?\" The green-skinned woman's ring began to glow again. Everybody braced themselves. As before, fire came to life in the witch's hand, and, with a inhuman roar, she threw it at the farmhouse. Dorothy squeaked, and she watched the blaze scatter, like hellish butterflies. In the time it took the farm girl to blink, the entire house was in flames. As the burning building started to collapse into itself, the Witch of the West flicked her wrist. The house magically split in two with a sickening crack! From underneath the flames, a ring, no, a circlet of gold floated up. It landed delicately on the band of the Witch of the West's pointed hat. The witch in black sneered, and Dorothy glimpsed a worried look in Glinda's eyes. \"From this day forward,\" the Witch of the West bellowed. \"I will not only rule in the West, but I will take up my sister's realm in the East! Every and all wretched creature of darkness and wickedness will exist only to serve ME, and I will exist for one purpose alone: To ensure that all of Oz feels my agony HUNDRED times OVER!\" The Witch of the West spun around, and pointed a green and black finger at poor trembling Dorothy. \"And YOU!\" she shouted. \"You, my pretty, will suffer for what has happened to my sister!\" The witch cackled in deranged glee. Then she mounted her broomstick, and flew up and away from the square, leaving behind a trail of black smoke that smelled of death itself. Altthough the wicked woman had departed, the field mice, china people, and munchkins had unanimously decided to let loose their fear into hysteria. Their panic frightened Toto, who started to bark. Glinda waved her wand. A thin cloud of white mist danced around the smouldering farmhouse on a gentle wind. The mist twirled faster and faster. It picked up the conflagration flare by flare, like leaves from a puddle, then the mist enveloped the fire, and both fizzled out. The danger now taken care of, Glinda turned her attention to the crowd. \"Please, everyone! Calm down,\" the witch in white tried to speak over the uproar. Nobody listened. Even Dorothy. Her hat had fallen down her back again in the excitement, but she barely noticed. Though she did not making a sound, the girl was too busy shaking and staring at the burned pile of rubble that had been her home. My room. Grandpa's coffepot. Uncle Henry's photographs. Auntie Em's needlepoint. Ev'rythin' is gone. Dorothy tried to walk toward the wreckage, but the path went foggy as the girl started to tear up. Blinking to release the tears, Dorothy looked down at Toto, who was brushing against her leg. She knelt down to cuddle with the pup as more tears fell. Suddenly, Dorothy became very disappionted in herself. What would Uncle Henry and Auntie Em think of such a shameful display. They're just things, Dorothy dear , said a voice that sounded like Auntie Em. You need only be grateful you weren't hurt . Agreeing with the voice, Dorothy set Toto down and wiped away the tears as Glinda walked up to the girl. \"You aren't hurt, are you Dorothy?\" the witch asked. \"N-no. I'm alright,\" said Dorothy. \"I am so sorry about your house.\" Glinda laid a hand on the girl's shoulder. \"I wish there was something I could do.\" Dorothy shook her head. \"Ev'rything'll be better when I get back to Kansas. Do you know the way, Miss Glinda?\" \"Why, I...\" Glinda paused. \"Forgive me, Dorothy, but I can't say I know the way to your Kansas. You certainly cannot go back the way you came.\" \"No, I guess not,\" Dorothy muttered sadly. Princess Annabella stepped forward. \"Glinda,\" said the china girl. \"Is there a chance that Locasta of the North could know anything?\" Glinda fiddled with wand in thought. \"Perhaps...\" Suddenly, Bart ran up to his princess' side, and declared, \"The Wizard could help her!\" Glinda and Annabella's jaws dropped, and a china man and woman, who Dorothy assumed to be Bart's mother and father, hastily yanked the page back. Alas, the damage was done. The colorful crowd was overtaken by gasps, followed by awestruck whispers. \"The Wizard?\" \"Great Oz?\" \"He could help Miss Dorothy.\" \"Yes, Oz can do anything!\" \"A Wizard? What wizard?\" asked Dorothy. \"The Wizard of Oz is the grand ruler of the land,\" explained Annabella. She sounded strangely...uneven. \"He is very powerful, but, in your particular case, I'm not sure that you should go to him for help.\" \"Why? He's a good wizard, isn't he?\" \"It was the Wizard who, in his infinite wisdom, appointed our own Princess Annabella as China Princess of China Town,\" declared Joseph, his chest out proudly. The rapidness of his words (and Annabella's annoyed head shake) told Dorothy that the china man had announced this many times before. \"Oh, yes, he is very good,\" the princess said nervously, as she stole a look at her subjects' faces. \"But he can be mysterious and...often unpredictable...\" \"Actually,\" Glinda interjected. \"I believe that it would be in Dorothy's best interest to meet with the Wizard.\" Annabella jumped. \"Excuse me?\" she inquired. Glinda smiled a motherly smile full of warmth. She took Dorothy by the shoulders, and led her to the center of the square. \"It is known that the Great Oz is quite the world traveler,\" the witch said. \"If you give a fair case, I'm certain he will give you his help.\" \"Okay. So, where do I find the Wizard?\" asked Dorothy. \"He lives in the Emerald City,\" Glinda said. \"It's a bit of a walk from here, but all you need to do is follow the Yellow Brick Road.\" With her wand arm, Glinda waved, and the crowd parted, revealing the yellow road amongst the blue stones. \"Just along...the Yellow Brick Road?\" Dorothy asked no-one in particular. For some reason, the phrase sounded so familiar. \"Exactly, sweetheart,\" Glinda said. \"Of course, you did just go through quite the unpleasant experience. If you wish to start your journey tomorrow, I'm sure you would be given a room to let.\" Immediately, an eager show of hands burst out from the crowd. The Ozians were more than ready to show proper hospitality to a proper heroine. However, Dorothy responded by defensively holding up her own hands. \"Thanks, really, I couldn't,\" she said. The hands and faces of the crowd dropped as fast as they had risen. \"I'm sorry. It's my aunt n' uncle. They'll be wonderin' where I've gone.\" \"We understand, Dorothy,\" Glinda said gently. \"But if you want to start now, you had best hurry. Sunset is a while away, but so is the Emerald City.\" Dorothy patted her thigh to call Toto to her side, and they walked to the end of the cobblestones. Then she paused to take a breath. This is it. Our first step to home. The girl lifted her foot, when suddenly, the chubby munchkin girl from earlier stepped out from the crowd \"Um, pardon me, Miss Dorothy...\" she mumbled. Dorothy was about to say that she was hardly a 'miss' in comparison, but the girl held out her hand, revealing a shiny yellow button, bright as her smile. \"You can have my favourite button,\" the munchkin girl said, with more voice this time. \"It's always made me lucky.\" \"Oh, thank you,\" said Dorothy as she accepted the button, and dropped it into her bag. The munchkin girl curtsied, and merged back into the crowd. In the time it took Dorothy to curtsy back, a munchkin woman in an apron, carrying round bottle full of a creamy green liquid, emerged. \"Miss Dorothy,\" she curtsied and smiled. \"If you're going alone, you simply must take my homemade hortch milk. It quenches the throat and the soul.\" Dorothy took the bottle and placed it in her bag. \"Thank you very much, Ma'am,\" she said. As the woman returned to her spot, there was a jostling amongst the crowd, accompanied by a man's voice saying, \"Move aside, out of my way!\" Out stepped the munchkin man in the cornflower suit and hat. In his fist was a rolled up paper. \"Miss Dorothy Gale,\" he said. His voice was raised, and his head craned toward his citizens. \"I, Boq, Mayor of the Munchkin City, hereby grant you the official Map of Oz. May it serve you well in your journey.\" Dorothy suddenly felt the stiffness of stage fright. She exchanged glances with Glinda before gaining the courage to accept the map. \"Um, thank you, Mister Mayor, sir.\" Mayor Boq tipped his hat and stepped backward. After stuffing the map into her bag, Dorothy waited for a moment, in case anyone else tried to give her a gift. When no-one came, the little girl turned around, and took her first step on the Yellow Brick Road. With the knot in her stomach dissolving, Dorothy took a second step. Soon enough, she found herself walking forward. \"C'mon, Toto!\" the girl called. The terrier trotted happily, as his mistress threw her book bag over her shoulder, and waved good bye to the kind persons. Amongst the munchkins, china people, and field mice returning the farewell, Annabella turned to Glinda. \"You shouldn't have sent that poor girl to Oz,\" the princess said to the witch, her tone dangerously low. \"What's going to happen when she arrives?\" Glinda just smiled softly, and gazed at the shrinking Dorothy. \"You may yet be surprised, Anna,\" she said softly, as if her mind was elsewhere. \"For now, there is someone I must speak with.\" Whew, long chapter. I had so much I wanted to squeeze in, without making it look like squeezing. Next time, the Witch of the West plots in her new castle, and Dorothy gains a new companion. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: The Land of Oz novel series is credited to L. Frank Baum, The Wizard of Oz film belongs"},{"Movie":"Oz the Great and Powerful","Title":"Choices","Author":"Artemis J. Potter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9734287","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Through the crystal ball, Theodora watched as Oscar and Glinda welcomed the Quadlings. She tried not to cry as they waved to the crowd and exchanged smiles. They looked so happy together. Just like she had been with Oscar... Theodora still couldn't believe all that had happened. It seemed like she had met Oscar just yesterday, had discovered that he was the Wizard to bring down the Wicked Witch, had fallen in love with Oscar, had her heart broken when she discovered that he was just toying with her emotions... A tear ran down Theodora's cheek, just as Evanora entered the throne room. She rolled her eyes at the sight of Theodora lamenting. \"What's the matter, sister?\" she sighed. \"Look at how happy they are.\" Theodora gazed longingly at Oscar and Glinda. \"Do you think she'll be his queen?\" \"Of course she'll be his queen,\" Evanora answered, sounding very nonchalant. Theodora gasped, which prompted Evanora to go on. \"Well, what did you expect? You can't compete with Glinda's charms. No one can.\" More tears filled Theodora's eyes, causing her to cry out in anguish. \"Oh, sister!\" she sobbed. \"It hurts!\" \"It won't cease hurting, so get used to it!\" Evanora replied flatly. \"Such is a broken heart. Your precious Wizard did that to you!\" Evanora's words stung Theodora. Was her sister right? Was this all his fault? Was he the reason she felt as if she was melting, as if her heart was bleeding. Theodora couldn't take the pain anymore. \"Make it stop!\" she begged. Evanora stifled a smile at Theodora's plead. This was exactly what she had wanted. \"I can help you, sister,\" Evanora said gently. \"But you must help me in return.\" Theodora looked up, her eyes as red as swollen as her heart. Feeling that her sister was on the verge of a breakdown, Evanora reached out her hand softly. \"Come, sister,\" she said, leading Theodora into another room. Theodora slowly placed her hand in Evanora's. Evanora had been anticipating this moment for a long time. Very soon, the Land of Oz would be hers once and for all. Fixing Theodora at a table in her sitting room, Evanora proceeded to work. She created a vial of potion and slowly began to spill its contents onto a smooth green apple, drop by drop. When she was done, Evanora slowly placed the vial down and held up the apple for observation. \"One bite is all it takes,\" she told Theodora. \"One bite, and your world will change forever. One bite, and your heart will become impenetrable. One bite, and you and I will finally share the throne.\" Evanora paused. \"Unless you'd rather see Oz and Glinda there,\" she added smugly. Greedily, Theodora snatched the apple out of her sister's hand. She stared at longingly. It would be so easy to just eat it then and now, to get rid of the pain before it took over her completely- But something stopped Theodora from biting into the apple. Examining the piece of fruit closer, she got a strange feeling that there was something just wrong with it. It was almost as if the apple was sealing a promise-a promise that would all too conveniently solve her problems. And somehow, Evanora's words disturbed her: \"Your heart will become impenetrable.\" What did that mean, exactly? Evanora glanced at her sister. \"Sister,\" she began, trying to hide the impatience in her voice, \"the sooner you eat the apple, the sooner the pain will go away.\" Theodora looked from the apple to Evanora, still feeling conflicted. \"What will the apple do to me?\" she asked. Evanora flashed an impatient glare but answered the question anyway.\"It will simply help with your heartbreak,\" she explained. \"Soon you will never be able to feel nothing.\" Theodora stared at her with wide eyes. \"Nothing?\" she gasped, a chill running down her spine. The statement was very unsettling. \"Of course!\" Evanora snapped impatiently. What is taking her so long? Just bite the apple! \"If I feel nothing,\" Theodora began, her anxiety growing by the minute, \"what will happen to my emotions? Will they disappear completely?\" Evanora felt her throat tighten but calmed down. \"You'll be fine,\" she assured her. \"Just eat it.\" Theodora knew there was no use in pressing her sister further and started to bring the apple to her mouth again. But it barley made it up to her lips before she dropped it. No. She couldn't eat it. She couldn't take that risk. \"I can't,\" Theodora said, shaking her head. \"I can't do it.\"She felt all of the anxiety and confusion building up again and ran out of the room. She had to collect her thoughts. Evanora screamed as Theodora ran across the hallway. She was onto the apple; she was on to her! What if she discovered her true intentions? What would she do then? \"No,\" Evanora told herself quickly, \"it's not over yet.\" Letting out a breath, she calmed herself down. \"She will come around.\" She glanced back to where her sister had fled.[Chapter 2] Theodora stormed into her chambers and threw herself onto the bed. So many thoughts were swirling through her head, and none of them made sense. She had refused Evanora's offer-somewhere in the back of her mind, she knew it was the right thing to do-but was it worth it? She still couldn't erase the image of Oscar and Glinda in the crystal ball. Oscar, who had danced with her and promised to make her queen, chose Glinda instead. What was he doing with that witch, anyway? The witch who had killed the king, had caused turmoil in Oz, and, now, broke Theodora's heart. Theodora's sadness quickly turned into jealously. Of course he liked Glinda better. She was prettier than Theodora had ever been. Theodora was good-looking enough for him, but once he found Glinda he dumped her completely and went for the blonde witch. He never really cared about her, anyway; it was all about appearances, and certainly, Glinda's elegant, refined demeanor was more appealing that a witch filled with so much fire that the slightest bit of water would burn her skin- Theodora slammed her fist against the mirror, shattering it completely. The anger was too much for her, and the worst part was that all of it was true. Theodora wasn't beautiful. Oscar had made her believe that she was, but he was just manipulating with her feelings. He used her just for the fun of it, and when he was done he left her to deal with the aching he had given to her heart... Theodora felt pain grow in her chest as her thoughts filled with the Wizard. Why had he given her so much pain? Why couldn't she have stopped herself from falling for him? She had been foolish enough to think that he had actually loved her! Men didn't love witches, and if they did they went for the kinds like Glinda. But it was Oz's fault , Theodora thought, her anger suddenly rising angrily. He led me on. He even agreed with me when I said I'd be his queen! Suddenly, a burning sensation-the burning of fire-began to fill the heartbroken witch, but she managed to keep herself in check. She wasn't about to destroy anymore property in her room. Taking a deep breath, Theodora tried to calm herself down. She had to get past all of this. The problem wasn't about her heart, as much as it ached. The problem was Glinda. Because-as much as she hated Glinda-the real issue about her was that she was a wicked witch. A murderer. She had committed a heinous crime, and now the Wizard who was supposed to save the land was falling head over heels for her! It was outrageous! Was the chosen one conspiring against her? All of Oz? Or was he too mesmerized by Glinda's glow that he couldn't help himself? Theodora was starting to wonder is Glinda was just as manipulative as Oscar. Indeed, they both played off as charming, lovely people, when, in reality, they were the exact opposite. Theodora sat still in front of her vanity, staring right into the reflection. Her heart was just like the mirror: broken, shattered, torn apart. Why? she wanted to ask him. Why did you hurt me? Theodora's thoughts were eventually interrupted by a loud, shrieking noise. Worried that something was wrong, she rose out of her sinking thoughts and ran out the chamber. Following the trail of the noise, she marched towards the balcony. Evanora was standing there, looking down at the world below. Still in shock and fear of the noise, Theodora quickly approached her sister. \"What's wrong?\" she asked. \"What was that noise-\" Theodora soon got her answer; right below the castle stood a wall of fog. And, flying right above it, stood the vicious baboons. \"Oh no!\" Theodora shrieked, cowering behind. \"They're back! But how did they get to the Emerald City?\" Evanora flashes an alarmed look, turning from Theodora back to her army of monkeys. Thi s wasn't supposed to happen! This was not according to plan! Theodora should have eaten the apple now, thereby turning her into the heartless witch that would help her rule all of Oz! But now that plan was ruined-all because Theodora didn't eat the apple! The only reason she had sent the baboons down was because Oscar's army had approached. She had no choice, really, but now Theodora was about to ruin anything! \"It's obviously Glinda's,\" Evanora answered, regarding Theodora's question. Her hands were shaking nervously; she was afraid that Theodora would see right through her lies. \"I know that,\" Theodora said, a look of horror spreading over her face. \"But how did she get here? Isn't she banished?\" \"Well, she obviously got in somehow,\" Evanora snapped. What was she going to do with her sister now, now that the plan was ruined? Theodora turned to her sister worriedly. \"What do we do?\" she cried. \"We don't have an army!\" \"I'll have to think of something,\" Evanora replied shortly, and she quickly left the balcony. Technically what she told her sister wasn't a lie-she really did have to think of something! She couldn't control her baboons with Theodora in the room or else she'd get suspicious But then there was Oscar's family to deal with. She couldn't just let him get away! And somehow she'd have to get her sister to side with her. Evanora cursed under her breath as she continued striding throughout the castle. Things would have been so much easier if her sister had just eaten the stupid apple! Evanora stopped walking and paced around the room, trying to figure out how to deal with the situation. Maybe she could still get her sister to eat the apple. After all, she still had to be heartbroken. What Oscar had done to her wouldn't just have dissapeared from her mind. But now her focus was centered on the raging baboons now. Could she still convince her sister to take the vile fruit? Theodora was naive, but she wasn't stupid. She would question why Evanora thought a bite of an apple would be good at a moment like this. Even in Evanora's head the plan sounded stupid. Still, it was worth a shot. What other choices did she have? With that thought in mind, Evanora made her way back to the balcony. \"Sister,\" she began, but her attention was immediately turned to the baboons. They seemed to be tearing at something-when Evanora looked more clearly, it looked like men. Glinda's pathetic army of Munchkins, Evanora thought. Well, my flying monkeys will surely turn them to shreds! She began to laugh but quickly caught herself, aware that her sister was in the room. Evanora stopped gloating, however, when she noticed something was wrong; as the fog began to spread, she could clearly see that the \"army\" of Glinda's were all scarecrows. It was a trick! Once the fog dissspaered completely, Evanora looked horridly at where Glinda had led the baboons to-the Poppy Field! Evanora watched helplessly as she saw her army-her vicious, bloodthirsty army-began to fall into a deep, deep sleep. That must have been Glinda's plan-to create a fake army, hiding in the dangerous Poppy field, and then lead her monkeys there! It was devilishly clever, which just made Evanora even madder. Curse you, Glinda! Evanora screamed in her mind. Curse you and your pathetic little army! Theodora, who was still confused by the whole thing \"What's going on?\" she wondered. \"Why were those-those creatures attacking scarecrows?\" But Evanora didn't answer her. She had more importantly things to worry about. Running out of the room, she turned to the door and pushed herself out. Once she was further outside, she looked around viciously for Glinda. \"Where are you, Glinda?\" she demanded. \"Show me your face, you pretty coward!\" A figure in white suddenly emerged from where the smoke had been. The Good Witch of the South narrowed her eyes when she saw that Evanora had found her. \"You and I have some unfinished business to take care of,\" she said in her soft, angelic voice. Evanora's eyes twisted into a wicked glare. \"I AGREE!\" Forming lighting around her hands. Evanora directed the energy towards Glinda, who barely had enough time to counter the attack. As the Good and Wicked Witch fought, Theodora watched the battle from the balcony in confusion. She didn't trust Glinda anymore than her sister did, but why did Evanora look so malicious and Glinda look so innocent? But Theodora saw something else that made her jaw drop. Evanora began calling upon band of baboons. Very soon, a flight of monkeys made their way towards the area and began attacking Glinda. Theodora felt as if her head was spinning. Evanora, her sister, her own flesh and blood, was commanding an evil force after another witch. It shouldn't have made any sense, but she understood it all too well. The way Evanora had tried to pursue her to devour the apple, even when she told her that it would cease all her feelings, should have been enough of a warning sign. Is Evanora the real Wicked Witch? Theodora wondered in horror. She hated the fact that she was questioning her own sister's agenda, but what else would explain didn't like the thought of questioning her own sister's alias, but why else would she be controlling the army of baboons? Why else would she had tried to convince her sister to let go of her heart and become a vicious, cruel monster? But Theodora didn't want to believe it. Evanora had been her sister- was her sister. She had guided her, advised her, loved her throughout her entire life. Evanora was the only person Theodora felt she could look up to. But what about now? Theodora's thoughts were once again interrupted by a strange noise. Turning around, she saw that a strange figure had approached the castle and was making its way towards the Room of Resplendence. Theodora teared away from the balcony and followed the figure into the room. Now that it had stopped moving, she could clearly see who the person was. The Wizard![Chapter 3] Why was Oscar in the Room of Resplendence? Theodora watched, mystified, as Oscar began to gather up the gold into his satchel. He was taking it all to himself! Suddenly Oscar's act reminded the torn witch of his greediness. It reminded her of how he had broken her heart. How he chose Glinda. Confusion, anger, and sadness all filled Theodora's mind. It was too much for one person to take. Marching towards Oscar, the witch yanked his arm and gave him a hard glare. \"What the hell do you think you're doing?\" she demanded, her cheeks hot with anger. Oscar jumped at the sound of another voice and turned around to see the speaker. When he realized who she was, he gasped. \"Theodora!\" He looked from his bag to Theodora, embarrassed that he had been caught in his greedy act. \"I, uh...\"\"Distantly he heard the raging war going on outside and looked, watching Glinda struggle against Evanora's evil forces. The baboons were tearing at her viciously, while Evanora herself was shooting several bolts of energy at the good witch. Oscar suddenly felt guilt swell up in him. He had pretended to go along with his plan-a plan to defeat Evanora, when, in reality, he was leaving for good-but this was wrong. He couldn't just abandon Glinda, not after all they had been through. And he certainly couldn't like Evanora of all people rule over Oz. But Oscar wasn't a wizard. He had no powers or special talent. What help could he be? Theodora shook Oscar out of his thoughts by giving him a hard slap across the face. \"Answer my question!\" she demanded, her temper getting dangerously hot as the fire boiled in her body. \"What are you doing here?\" Oscar was about to say something when Evanora suddenly spotted at him. Her eyes were full of hatred. \"YOU!\" she shouted, creating another source of energy around her hands. \"HOW DARE YOU TRY TO ESCAPE!\" Evanora casted the fully-charged electrical bolts right at the tower, merely missing Oscar by a few inches. She did, however, manage damage the exterior of the room, causing a large crack to surface. Stunned, Theodora approached the giant gape Evanora had made and faced her sister. \"What are you doing?\" she shouted. \"Why are you trying to kill him?\" \"I gave you a choice, sister,\" Evanora sneered at Theodora. \"Are you really going to defend the Wizard? After all he did to you?\" Theodora felt a sting in her chest but quickly pushed it aside. \"What about you?\" she demanded, remembering her sister's true revelations. \"Why did you send the baboons after Glinda?\" Tears started to make its way in her eyes. \"You lied to me, Evanora. You lied to me and all of Oz!\" Evanora's face fell into a look of dispair; she had finally lost Theodora. \"Fine,\" Evanora spat, anger soon surpassing her loss. \"You want to be my enemy? Then go ahead!\" She sent another line of electricity at the building. Theodora instinctively called onto her own powers and used it as a shield against Evanora's. Shocked and angered that her attack had not worked, Evanora proceed to throw another attack at Theodora when Oscar suddenly pushed the good with to the ground. When Evanora's deadly attacked had passed over them, he stood back up and grabbed Theodora by the arm. \"Come on!\" Oscar yelled, pulling the good witch up from the ground. He found an empty closet inside the room and ran inside, shutting the door. Theodora, who was still frustrated with Oscar, wanted to demand what he was doing, but she quickly went silent when she heard more electricity bang against the castle building. \"Where are you?\" Evanora demanded, continuing to throw the attacks at the wall. \"You can't hide from me forever, Oscar Diggs! I WILL FIND YOU!\" Evanora charged a large amount of electricity and blasted it through the wall, finally breaking it open. Theodora held in her breath nervously as Evanora strode into the room, looking for both her and Oscar. \"I know you're here!\" Evanora shouted, pulling more electrical forces from her powers. \"Don't hide from me, you coward! I will find you!\" For a long moment Theodora just stood in the closet, soundless and motionless and full of fear. Despite all of her anger towards her former flame, she glanced up at Oscar to confirm that he was just as scared as she was. Finally, Evanora stormed out of the room, obviously assuming that no one was there. Once she was sure it was safe to go out, Theodora pushed open the closet door and walked out. She sank towards the ground, feeling as if she was drowning in water. How could it be that, earlier that day, she knew exactly what was going on and whom she could trust? Her world was being torn apart faster than the beat of her nervous heart. Oscar eventually came out from the closet and slowly approached Theodora. He reached his hand out awkwardly to her but didn't touch her, as if he was deciding whether or not to comfort her. \"Don't,\" Theodora said, answering Oscar's question. \"Just leave me alone.\" \"But I can't,\" Oscar said softly, sitting down beside the heartbroken witch. \"You're hurting now and-\"He looked at her sadly. \"I can't stand to see you like this, Theodora.\" The softness of Oscar's words managed to get Theodora angry enough to rise from her depression. \"Oh, so you care about me, huh?\" she demanded. \"What about when you left without telling me? What about when you decided to side with Glinda? What about Evanora?\" Theodora knew the last part had nothing to do with Oscar, but she couldn't help herself from spilling out all of her thoughts. She lost all of her composure and broke down crying; she didn't even care if anyone heard her. Oscar just sat there in silence as Theodora wept, not knowing how to help her. Finally Theodora stopped and turned to Oscar, her eyes full of tears. \"Evanora sent the flying monkeys after Glinda,\" she told him. \"Is she-\" She quickly cut herself off, too afraid to finish the question. She couldn't bear to say it. Oscar, knowing what she was asking, nodded at her sadly. \"Yes, Theodora,\" he said gently. \"Evanora is the real Wicked Witch.\" Theodora felt a terrible pain swell up inside of her. Somehow it was worse than discovering Oscar's love for Glinda. Her sister, the one she loved and trusted, had betrayed her. No, it wasn't a betrayal-that was when someone had worked with you and then committed treachery. Evanora was always the Wicked Witch. She had killed the king, pretended to act innocent, and even blamed Glinda for the crime. Theodora shook her head. \"I don't want to believe it,\" she told Oscar tearfully. \"I don't want to believe that she was behind it all, when in my heart I know it's true.\" \"I know,\" Oscar lamented, touching the witch's hand comfortingly. The kind, gesture caused Theodora to snatch her arm back, replacing her sorrow expression with rage once again. \"Stop that!\" Theodora snapped at Oscar. \"Stop trying to pity me when you really don't!\" Oscar stared at her with confusion. How could she go from sadness from one minute to anger the next? \"I do care about you, Theodora,\" Oscar began, not knowing what he had done to make her so vehement. \"Why would you care about me?\" Theodora felt all the rage she had been holding in spill out again. \"You never cared about me!\" \"Why on earth would you think that?\" Oscar asked, completely baffled. \"Don't play coy with me!\" Theodora snapped. \"Was it fun for you to play with my heart? Was I just someone for you to use?\" \"What are you-\"Oscar stopped midway in his sentence, realizing what she was talking about. Guilt filled his body like a ton of bricks, causing him to look at Theodora with remorseful eyes.\"I'm sorry,\" he said ruefully.\"I am so sorry, Theodora. I never meant to hurt you.\" \"But you did!\" Theodora retorted. She wasn't going to forgive him so easily-not after all he had done to her! \"Did you really love me, Oscar? Did you even mean anything you said the night we danced?\" Oscar stopped to honestly think about the question. \"I really do think you are beautiful,\" he told her gently. \"And the music box was a thank-you gift for all you had done for me.\" He smiled at her, hoping that she would soon calm down. \"If it helps, you're the first girl I've ever given the music box to,\" he admitted. Oscar's last sentence sent Theodora over the edge. \"Don't lie to me!\" she barked. \"I saw what you give You gave another one to Glinda!\" \"What?\" Oscar was completely baffled by this. \"Theodora, I just told you you were the only person I gave the music box to. Remember?\" \"Stop lying to me, Oscar Diggs!\" Theodora shouted at the top of her lungs. \"I saw you give the music box to Glinda. Evanora showed me-\"She suddenly stopped, remembering all that she had learned about Evanora. Did Oscar really give the music box to Glinda, or was her sister lying to her? No, Theodora thought may have been wicked, but Oscar wasn't any different. He was the reason she had almost taken the apple! Oscar, knowing that he would have a hard time making up for his mistake, began to speak again. \"I never had another music box, Theodora. Just one.\" He looked her straight in the eyes. \"It wouldn't have made much sense for me to carry more than one music box-where did you think I'd find random women to seduce while I was journeying a ballon?\" Theodora opened her mouth to retort but couldn't say anything. It didn't make sense, when she stopped to think about it. But how could Oscar-the same man who had broken her heart-be telling the truth? \"Evanora obviously lied to you,\" Oscar went on, glad that she seemed to be even-tempered now. \"She probably created the illusion so that you wouldn't trust me anymore.\" \"You already did that,\" Theodora spat, her again returning once more. \"You said we would be together and then left me for Glinda! You broke my heart!\" Tears began to make its way into her eyes. \"You made me lose trust in you, Oscar! Evanora just used it to her advantage,\" she added bitterly. Theodora's words broke into Oscar, making him realize the full consequences his actions had taken on. \"I know, Theodora. I made a horrible mistake. I should have never led you on when I had no intentions of taking our relationship further.\" He sighed, feeling a wave of regret like no other. \"I know I'm not a good person,\" he added, \"and you certainly deserve someone much, much better than me, but...I hope you can forgive me for my foolish mistakes-you are a much better person that I even hope to be.\" Theodora found herself surprisingly touched by his words. They were so soft, so genuine so spoken right from the heart. But does he really mean it? the witch wondered uncertainly. She had so many revelations that day that it was hard to distinguish the truth from the lies. \"How do I know you're telling me the truth?\" Theodora said cautiously. She was not about to let her heart get broken again; never again would she feel that kind of pain. Before Oscar could answer, however, there was a sudden scream from afar. He and Theodora both turned around and suddenly heard someone open the palace doors. Running back towards the closet, Oscar and Theodora heard the sound of footsteps marching into the palace. \"You will never win!\" a soft voice shouted; it sounded very familiar. Theodora quickly recognized it as Glinda's and didn't know what to make of that. Another voice-the sound of evil-laughed wickedly at the witch's comment. \"Oh, I think I already have,\" Evanora sneered cruelly. \"As soon as I find my sister and that pathetic excuse for a wizard, all of Oz will be mine.\" She paused. \"Lock Glinda up in the cellar!\" she yelled; Theodora assumed it was to the flying monkeys. Indeed, a group of screeches followed after Evanora's commanded and started flapping through the castle. Soon the voices became distant, until Theodora and Oscar could no longer her their voices. Oscar pushed the closet door open again and let out a breath. Theodora followed him, feeling dazed once more. \"They have Glinda,\" Oscar said, stating the obvious. \"We have to get her back somehow.\" He stuck his knuckles into his mouth, thinking hard. Theodora didn't understand why he seemed at a loss for plans. \"You're the Wizard,\" she reminded him. \"Your magic should be strong enough to save her.\" Oscar shifted uncomfortably. \"About that,\" he began, awkwardly. He stared down at the ground, as if it suddenly became more interesting. \"I'm not exactly what you would call a wizard...\" Theodora just stared at Oscar. \"I know that's a lie,\" she retaliated. But Oscar shook his head. \"It's the truth, Theodora. That is certainly nothing I would lie about.\" Theodora looked into Oscar's eyes. He didn't look as if he was lying; in fact, he looked as if he was telling the truth! Angered by this, Theodora shot,\"What's that supposed to mean?\" \"Well...\"Oscar stretched out the word longer than they needed to be before going on. \"I don't have magic, and I'm pretty sure pretending like I do doesn't qualify as a wizard.\" Theodora crossed her arms angrily at him. \"Another lie?\" she demanded, not being able to help herself.\"You must be allergic to the truth or something, Oscar!\" she snapped. \"How could you lie to an entire kingdom of people? We believed in you!\" Oscar cringed; it seemed the truth brought more guilt on him. \"I know, I know,\" he said quickly, wanting to defend his actions but not being able to. \"I'm sorry, Theodora.\" His face suddenly lit up. \"But I have an idea,\" he told her. \"It's the one I was going to do, actually, and it should still work.\" In spite of her exasperation with Oscar, Theodora raised her eyebrows curiously. \"What is it?\" she asked with much suspicion in her voice. \"You're going to have to trust me on this,\" Oscar insisted. \"Evanora could very well be torturing Glinda right now.\" Theodora suddenly remembered Glinda and nodded.\"Right,\" she agreed. She was still mad at him, but that could wait. There was much more at stake now.[Chapter 4] Oscar pulled Theodora into another room, one she had been familiar with. There was something different about it, however; for one, a giant contraption of was standing in the center of the room. Beside it stood several munchkins and a familiar winged monkey. They all stared at Oscar with shock written over their faces. Knuck had told the others that Oscar had planned to abandon him-he had asked for the Master Tinker to build him a hot-air balloon-but of course, Oscar had changed his mind and decided to stick to their plan to defeat Evanora. \"You!\" Finley exclaimed, his eyes widening in shocked. \"I thought you had abandoned us!\" Oscar grinned his signature smile. \"You really think I could leave you? Not a chance!\" Smiling at Oscar's remark, Theodora turned her attention back to the strange device. \"What is this?\" she asked. Oscar looked in Theodora's direction. \"That,\" he said presentably, \"is a projector. It's our secret weapon against Evanora.\" Theodora was still confused. \"What does it do?\" she pressed. She had never seen anything like it in her life. A mysterious grin spread across Oscar's face. \"You'll see.\" He glanced at the Master Tinker and gestured towards the machine. \"Start this thing up,\" he commanded. Nodding, the Master Tinker obeyed Oscar's command and switched on the device. In a mere matter of seconds, a hologram of Oscar was projected right outside the castle. It was almost an exact replica of him; the only difference was that it only contained his head. In a way he looked more intimidating, with just his face floating in midair. Theodora couldn't help but grin to herself. Oscar may have not been a real wizard, but she had to admit that it was devilishly clever. Oscar reached towards the contraption. He pulled out a microphone and winked at Theodora. \"Watch this,\" he whispered, and then he began speaking into the mic. \"FOOLISH WITCH! YOU CAME HERE TO DEFY THE GREAT AND POWERFUL WIZARD?\" Evanora, who was in the cellar with Glinda, turned around in shock. \"Who is this?\" she demanded. She glimpsed out the window and saw the image of Oscar's head. Her eyes widened in shock. \"What happened to you?\" she roared, running out to the open sky. \"I HAVE TAKEN ON MY TRUE FORM!\" Oscar declared. \"NOW I AM MORE POWERFUL THAN EVER!\" \"I'm not afraid of you!\" Evanora shouted, getting over Oscar's new terrifying appearance. She created a wave of lightning and fired it towards the hologram. Oscar's laughter boomed as the lighting soared right through his \"head\". \"YOU DARE TAKE ON ME? \"YOU CANNOT KILL ME! I AM IMMORTAL!\" Evanora's eyes burned at Oscar's holographic. \"I WILL KILL YOU!\" she screamed, flicking a hand towards him. A group of winged monkeys suddenly flew towards the hologram. The screamed and ripped and pecked at it, but the image didn't break. \"GIVE UP!\" Oscar shouted. \"YOU CANNOT WIN AGAINST ME!\" Screaming in rage, Evanora gathered as much energy as she could and threw it all at Oscar. It soared past it harmlessly, causing him to laugh in glee. \"I ALREADY WARNED YOU, SIMPLETON!\" Oscar bellowed at the Wicked Witch. \"NOW, YOU WILL PAY!\" All of a sudden, a series of sparks flew out into the sky. Evanora gaped and cowered back from them, afraid of what they might do to her. Theodora, who was just as unfamiliar with Oscar's form of attack, asked,\"What are those?\" \"Those are fireworks,\" Oscar answered. \"They're beautiful, but hardly lethal.\" He smirked mischievously. \"But Evanora doesn't know that.\" Another chain of fireworks shot into the sky, causing Evanora to retreat in the castle. Oscar put the microphone down, his voice thundering with laugher. Turning back to the others, Oscar beamed. \"Good show, guys!\" he applauded. \"Looks like our work here is done.\" Everyone started clapping-even Theodora. When it began to die down Oscar pulled Theodora to the side. \"I need you to find Glinda,\" he told her. \"I know where the cellar is,\" Theodora answered. She started to take off, but Oscar suddenly grabbed her by the arm. \"Be careful,\" he warned. \"Evanora's still out there.\" \"I will,\" Theodora said with a nod. She took one last glance at Oscar before leaving the room[Chapter 5] Theodora went through several flights of hallways before finding Glinda. She was locked up behind metal bars. Right below it laid Glinda's wand and the key. Bending over to pick them both up. Theodora inserted the key into the hole and clicked it open. Glinda stepped out slowly, looking at her rescuer wide eyes. \"Theodora,\" she whispered, seemingly at a loss of words. She knew how much pressure she must have had after all she had discovered, but there was also so much at state. By the way she had freed her, too, Glinda could tell that Theodora knew what was at stake now. Theodora handed Glinda her wand. \"Do you know where Evanora went?\" she asked urgently. \"I'm right here.\" Theodora and Glinda turned around and saw Evanora entered the room. Her eyes were filled with ferocity. \"You!\" she shouted, gesturing towards her sister. \"You...have ruined...EVERYTHING!\" Evanora suddenly shot a stream of electricity at Theodora, causing the unprepared witch to fall to ground. Gasping, Glinda rushed to Theodora's aid and stared down at Evanora. \"What happened to you, Evanora?\" she asked sadly. \"You've let your greed get so far that you attacked your own sister.\" \"She's not my sister anymore,\" Evanora said coldly. Theodora's tatic had worked. Evanora, shocked by her sister's sudden attack, lost her concentration on Glinda. Glinda used this opportunity to shoot a full-blown attack on Evanora. The evil witch fell backwards, landing on the ground. Glinda and Theodora lowered themselves as they approached Evanora. \"Give up, Evanora,\" Glinda said to the witch. \"Everyone knows who you really are now.\" Evanora turned to Theodora with pleading eyes. \"Please, sister!\" she begged. \"Don't listen to Glinda! She and Oz have conspired against you!\" \"You've lied to me too many times,\" Theodora said firmly. \"I trusted you, Evanora. I stood by your side all these years.\" She shook her head sadly. \"But you crossed the line.\" Theodora pointed her wand at Evanora. \"Surrender now and the consequences will not be so severe.\" Evanora suddenly realized Theodora would not side with her and her face changed from pleading to angry. \"NEVER!\" the Wicked Witch shouted. Suddenly, Evanora struck her wand, causing more lightning to fly out. It slammed into Theodora's chest, sending her flying to the ground. \"Foolish girl,\" Evanora sneered at her sister. \"You should have sided with me when you had the chance.\" She turned to Glinda, who had rushed to Theodora's aid. \"And as for you!\" she shouted at the, shooting her wand towards Glinda, \"YOU WILL DIE!\" Glinda saw the attack coming and deflected it with her own magic. The two energy forces slammed into each other, both forces trying to overpower the other. Glinda found herself struggling against Evanora's power; the Wicked Witch seemed to have more power. Glinda may have been holding up, but she could feel the power draining from her, her energy dying down. Evanora smiled wickedly at Glinda, her magic overpowering Glinda's. \"Power!\" Evanora cackled. \"Unlimited power!\" With a thrust Evanora forced the lightning as hard as she could against Glinda's magic. The force was enough to knock Glinda off her feet and onto the ground. Glinda tried to push herself back up, but she was too weak. Evanora had wiped all of the energy from her. Theodora, who was still on the ground, watched in shock as her sister approached Glinda. \"Poor Glinda,\" Evanora sighed, feigning sympathy. \"Looks like you couldn't win this battle.\" \"You...won't...win...\" Theodora suddenly got back on her feet, struggling to keep herself up. Evanora just laughed at Theodora. \"Oh, sister,\" she sneered, stepping away from Glinda to face her, \"Don't you get it? Good will never win.\" She formed a line of lightning around her fingers. \"Evil is much more stronger. There's nothing holding you back from using your full powers.\" \"You're wrong,\" Theodora shot, managing to get enough energy to form her own magic. \"Evil will always lose.\" Evanora smirked at her. \"We'll see,\" she whispered, and in a mere matter of seconds Evanora's lightning aimed straight at Theodora. But the younger witch was prepared for the attack; she used her own fiery magic to redirect Evanora's attack. The lightning swiveled over to the side, slamming right into the wall instead. Evanora's eyes widened in shock, but she quickly recovered and narrowed her eyes at Theodora. \"You will regret this,\" Evanora snapped, and she soon sent several streams of lightning at Theodora. Theodora managed to dodge most of them, but Evanora continued to conjure more. Eventually Evanora's powers were too strong for the younger sister and knocked her off her feet. Evanora glared at her sister as she stepped towards her. \"You fool,\" she spat. \"You cannot win against me! I will always be more powerful than you!\" Theodora was still weak, but she managed to push herself back up. \"No,\" she breathed. \"I will defeat you if it's the last thing I do!\" Suddenly the witch grabbed at Evanora's wand and tried to take it. Without her wand, Evanora was powerless. Evanora realized what Theodora was doing and gripped on her wand tight. \"Stop it!\" she growled, trying to push Theodora away from her. But Theodora wouldn't let go. For a brief moment the two sisters struggled there, lost in a battle of tug-of-war. Then Theodora, reaching out farther to get Evanora's wand, accidentally grabbed her pendant instead. The beautiful necklace fell to the ground and shattered into pieces. Theodora reached out as far as she could and accidentally pulled Evanora's pendant. Evanora pushed Theodora and backed away, looking at her sister in horror. Evanora suddenly backed away, her body shaking in horror. \"No!\" she screamed. \"Look what you've done!\" Suddenly, Evanora's youthful features were gone. Wrinkles began to form on the witch's once smooth skin, hands, and legs; her posture became weaker. Before Theodora knew it, Evanora had fallen to the ground and changed into an old hag. Theodora, gasping at her sister, just stared at her. \"That's your true form,\" she breathed, not believing what she was seeing. Evanora glowered at her sister. \"You ruined me!\" she shouted. \"You ruined my plan! You ruined everything!\" \"No.\" A voice suddenly spoke up, causing both Theodora and Evanora to turn around. Glinda had gotten back to her feet and approached Evanora very slowly. She narrowed her eyes at the Wicked Witch. \"Your youthful appearance was fake, just like everything else you've done,\" Glinda said simply. \"Now everyone will see you for who you really are.\" Her features suddenly became serious. \"Evanora, you are banished from the kingdom forever!\" Glinda declared. Suddenly, the windows made a shattering noise. Theodora and Glinda both turned to see more of Evanora's flying monkeys fly inside. The good witches ducked, but the monkeys were not headed for them. They turned around to Evanora and dragged their master towards the brokenwindows. \"THIS IS NOT OVER, GLINDA!\" Evanora shouted as she was being hauled out. \"I WILL HAVE MY REVENGE!\" Her threats became faint as she was taken away from the castle. Glinda sighed at Evanora's depature and turned to Theodora. \"Thank you for helping me,\" she said slowly. She frowned \"I know you thought I was the wicked one,\" she began, \"and I know this must be hard for you-\" But Theodora put a hand up to stop Glinda from going on. \"It's okay,\" she assured the good witch. \"Deep down, I always knew Evanora evil. I guess I never wanted to admit it to myself.\" Her shoulders fell as guilt suddenly filled her. \"I'm so sorry I believed her, Glinda,\" Theodora lamented. \"I should have known you would have turned against your father's own kingdom. Glinda put a confronting hand on Theodora's shoulder. \"It's alright,\" she said with forgiving eyes.\" Evanora had the whole Emerald City fooled.\" Glinda smiled softly. \"Come on. Let's go find the Wizard.\"[Chapter 6] Glinda and Theodora soon found themselves back with Oscar and his companions. When Oscar saw Glinda, he ran up to embrace her. Theodora found herself smiling as she watched the two of them hug. They obviously cared about each other, whether it was romantic love or not. And she was perfectly fine with that. \"I was so worried about you,\" Glinda whispered to Oscar, breaking out of the embrace. \"I thought you had abandoned us.\" \"I was going to,\" Oscar admitted,\" but I could never forgive myself.\" He suddenly smirked. \"Besides, that wouldn't make me much of a wizard, now would it?\" Glinda smiled compassionately at Oscat. \"You have the true heart of the leader,\" she declared. \"You will be the best king ever since my father.\" \"Well, it wasn't just me,\" Oscar insisted, gesturing towards his companions. \"I couldn't have done it by myself. Which reminds me,\" he added, a smirk playing across his face, \"I have some gifts for everyone!\" Theodora watched, smiling, as Oscar handed a gift to each person. After they had gotten their gifts, they left the room, one by one. When he had gone through everyone but the two witches, Oscar turned to Glinda with solemn eyes. \"You always believed in me,\" Oscar told her. \"You never gave up on me, and I can never thank you enough.\" He took a slight pause. \"Now I know this is a lot to ask for,\" he began, falling to one knee, \"and I know we haven't known each other for long, but Glinda, I love you. Will you marry me?\" Glinda smiled brightly at Oscar. She took a glance at Theodora, who grinned back at her, and turned back to Oscar. \"Of course I'll marry you, Oz,\" she said delightedly. \"Please, call me Oscar,\" Oscar insisted. \"It's my real name, after all.\" He smiled at Glinda before turning to Theodora. \"Theodora,\" Oscar began, looking at her with serious eyes, \"I know I don't have much to offer for you. But I feel like I must give you something.\" He took a small pause before going on. \"You have to be one of the most faithful people I have ever met. You were there for me, even when I had abandoned you. You helped me save the kingdom, and you fought your own sister despite the obvious repercussions. And for that, you hold a special place in my heart.\" Theodora felt her eyes tearing up, but wiped them away as Oscar continued to speak to her. \"I would like for you to become my advisor, Theodora,\" the Wizard proposed. \"Now, I know it's not that much, and I won't be mad if you reject the offer-\" Theodora suddenly threw her arms over Oscar and gave him a hug. \"Oh, Oscar,\" she gasped, forgetting to fight back her tears. \"Of course I'll be your advisor. I'd be honored.\" Oscar found himself laughing as Theodora continued to hug him. \"I had no idea my gift was so special to you,\" he admitted. Theodora smiled and pulled herself out of the hug. \"Anything I receive from you is special, Oscar,\" she told him. \"Glinda is right; you do have the true heart of a leader.\" She gave him a compassionate look. \"I think you really are the Wizard that was prophesied,\" she expressed. Oscar looked shocked. \"How could that be?\" he asked in disbelief. \"I don't have any magic, Theodora. \"You know that.\" Theodora, still smiling, held Oscar's hands in hers as she looked up at him. \"The prophecy never said you would have what we considered magic,\" she reminded him. \"What you did-creating that fake army, the fireworks-that was magic in your own way. It's even more special, because you had to create it on your own.\" Oscar felt a warm sensation run through his body. \"Looks like I pick my assistants well,\" he said with a hint of smugness. Theodora and Glinda just rolled their eyes at his joke. \"Maybe it's a good thing I'll be living with you,\" Glinda said, stepping over to Oscar. \"That will give someone to make sure your head doesn't get any bigger than it already is.\" Oscar pretend to roll his eyes at Glinda. \"You're not the boss of me, Glinda,\" he said, feigning irritation. \"I could be,\" Glinda challenged, a gleam running in her eyes. \"I am a witch, after all. I'm very powerful.\" \"I am the king, Glinda,\" Oscar pointed out. \"Besides, I'm not scared of you.\" \"Well, you should be,\" Glinda warned. Oscar raised an eyebrow at her. \"Oh, really? And why is that?' Glinda let out a laugh. \"Who's to say that I'm really a good witch?\" she challenged. Theodora smiled at Oscar and Glinda's flirtatious banter. \"Maybe I should leave you two alone,\" she said, turning to go the other way. \"I wouldn't want to disturb this, beautiful moment.\" There was a hint of sarcasm in her voice, but always admiration. They seemed to really enjoy each other's company. \"Are you sure?\" Glinda asked, turning to face her. \"We're not bothering you, are we, Theodora?\" She looked worried. Theodora shook her head. \"No, your Majesty,\" she said with a wink. \"I just thought you would enjoy some privacy.\" Oscar smiled at Theodora. \"See?\" he said, looking from her to Glinda. \"Don't I pick my advisors well?\" Theodora saw Glinda jab Oscar in the elbow as she left the room. She smiled to herself as she thought of the newly engaged couple together. Though it pained Theodora to think of Oscar not loving her, there was a large part of her that was happy. She had never seen a couple so happy before, and she was happy because of that. Deep down, she knew that Oscar and Glinda were meant for each other. And that was good enough for her. ","Summary":" Through the crystal ball, Theodora watched as Oscar and Glinda welcomed the Quadlings. She tried no"},{"Movie":"Oz the Great and Powerful","Title":"The Emerald Princess","Author":"Elsa the SnowQueen19","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9987400","Passage":"[Chapter 1] My first Oz the Great and Powerful fic! Hope you all like it! And please leave a review, I would really appreciate it :) The sound of a baby crying echoed in the Emerald City Palace. Oscar, who was holding his breath outside the chamber his wife was in, finally could take a deep breath when he heard the baby's cry. He stood up just as a midwife came out through the door; she was one of a few who knew that Oscar was actually still alive since Glinda needed her assistance. \"Glinda is asking for you, Wizard of Oz.\" she said before stepping aside to let Oscar pass through. There she was, sitting on the bed with pillows propped behind her, was none but Glinda the Good herself. She was covered in thin layer of sweat, her blonde hair stick to the sides of her face and forehead, and she was holding a white bundle in her arms, smiling happily and proudly. Oscar made his way to the bed, sitting beside his lovely wife. He moved a strand of hair away and kissed her forehead lovingly. \"Oscar, we have a daughter…\" Glinda whispered softly, looking down at her newborn baby in her arms. Oscar smiled and offered his pinkie to his daughter, which she gripped pretty tightly. \"She has a strong grip…\" he murmured, Glinda chuckled softly, kissing the top of her baby's head. \"You should invite the other in… I'm sure they're eager to meet her.\" Oscar nodded and got up from the bed, kissing Glinda's forehead once again before making his way toward the door and opened it, inviting their friends in. Master Tinker, Finley, China Girl, and Knuck all went in. China Girl, who had been the most eager to meet the new addition to their 'family' quickly rushed to the bed once she saw Glinda who was holding her newborn baby. The girl climbed onto the bed and looked over to see the baby's face. \"She's so cute and small, Glinda!\" Glinda chuckled and nodded. \"Yes, she is…\" \"She inherits her mother's beauty.\" Finley said, smiling at Glinda who smiled back. \"And of course the intelligence of her father…\" Master Tinker added, \"The new Princess has born,\" Knuck said, \"I shall blow a fanfare!\" \"Knuck!\" Glinda, Oscar, Master Tinker, Finley, and China Girl said simultaneously, fearing that the fanfare might wake the baby and made her cry. \"Not now.\" But hearing they all spoke around her made the little princess yawned and opened her eyes. Everyone looked down at her, meeting with her warm chocolate eyes. \"Awww… she's adorable!\" China Girl cooed as the baby's tiny hand reached up to China Girl's hand, which she gladly accepted. \"So what do you call her?\" Glinda and Oscar exchanged looks, smiling. \"Izzabelle…\" The Good Witch said, \"Izzabelle Justine Diggs…\" Oscar finished for his wife, kissing his daughter's forehead softly…[Chapter 2] Hey guys! Thanks for the lovely reviews! So this is chapter 2! Enjoy! The next morning the good people of Oz all cherished the birth of the new princess, the next in line to take the throne after her parents. They held out a big party in Emerald City and all Munchkins, Farmers, Quadlings, and Tinkers all gathered to see the new baby of Oz and Glinda. But of course the news spread out widely, even to the Wicked Sisters who had residence themselves in the Dark Woods. Theodora and Evanora, who was already given her young look back by her sister, were watching as the proud Oz in his spirit form and Glinda came up on the balcony with her holding their newborn child. \"We cannot let this happen, sister.\" Evanora said, \"The birth of the new heiress to the throne, this is not good.\" \"The child of Oz and Glinda must not let wandered around in Oz!\" Theodora declared sharply, \"We must get rid of that… that thing!\" \"We shall take a careful step, sister…\" Evanora said, \"We don't want Oz to defeat us again like last time.\" \"I know!\" Theodora snapped, \"We need to plan this carefully, but we'll make sure that Oz and Glinda would suffer forever by the loss of their child.\" She said, laughing maniacally. Back to the Emerald City Castle, as the night came in, Oz has asked the Munchkins to set off fireworks to light up the beautiful night sky. Baby Izzabelle squealed and gurgled happily in her Mother's arms, watching the firework show her Father given her for her birth. But soon enough, when no one expected it, the happiness would be ripped away harshly from the happy couple… I know it's short and not really exciting but I just don't want to spill the storyline just yet! So review so I will update this story![Chapter 3] Hey everybody! Nice to see you again! So this is chapter 3! Enjoy! It was a few nights after Izzabelle's birth and the good people of Oz were preparing themselves to rest, including the Royal Family. Glinda was just going to put her daughter into her white crib made by the Tinkers if it wasn't because Izzabelle's cry that prevent her to do so. For some odd reason the little Princess didn't want to be put down by her Mother, making Glinda had to stay longer in the nursery, rocking and shushing her baby gently, trying to soothe her. Oscar came into the nursery after hearing Izzabelle's unstoppable cry. He frowned as he saw his wife trying desperately to make their crying baby go to sleep. \"What happened? What does she want?\" Glinda turned toward Oscar who was standing by the door, haven't noticing him coming because she was too preoccupied by their baby. \"I don't know,\" she answered truthfully, \"She just drank and have no dirty diaper. She just can't stop crying…\" Oscar walked toward them. \"Oh, let me see her…\" he lifted Izzabelle up from her Mother's arms and held her securely with one hand while the other went to his back. \"Maybe this,\" he held up a music box in his other hand. \"Will help…\" He opened the music box and a soft instrumental tune instantly played gently. Izzabelle stopped crying then, and centering her attention to the music box in her Father's hand. Glinda watched as their daughter started to yawn and drift off to sleep. \"There…\" Oscar gently put Izzabelle into the crib and placed the music box on a table nearby so his daughter could still listen to it. Glinda smiled, \"I've told you, you will be a great father…\" Oscar turned to his beloved wife and grinned. \"Yes, I guess I am.\" The good witch smiled and took her husband's hand. \"Let's go to bed…\" Oscar nodded and led his wife out from the nursery, shutting the door behind him and made their way back to their bedroom, completely unaware of the danger lurking around them… ~O~ It was nearing midnight, and everyone in the Emerald Castle was asleep. Oscar and Glinda were cuddling together, sleeping peacefully with her head on his shoulder and his arms around her slender body. It was when their baby's cry from the room next door that woke the two. Glinda instantly sat up on the bed while Oscar kept lying down, trying to ignore his baby's cry. \"Honey, if she got a dirty diaper-\" \"No, it's not a dirty diaper.\" Glinda cut her husband's sentence quickly, still listening intently. The sound of something fell down and broke from the nursery made both of them jumped. Glinda swiftly stood up alertly. \"Izzabelle can't cause that!\" she grabbed her robe and rushed out with Oscar following behind. The Royal couple rushed to the white crib, and how surprised they were when they found it empty, there wasn't any evidence that their baby was there. Oscar panickly called for the guards while Glinda fell onto her knees by the crib, covering her face with her hands and sobbed quietly. Their life was perfect. She married with the man she loved dearly and together they had a beautiful daughter, a half of her and a half of him. But now all of that ruined, falling to pieces after just a few nights of holding their precious baby, she now lost her. Oscar came kneeling down beside his shaking wife, wrapping his arms around her broke down figure, letting her to cry. He was never seen Glinda that way, she was always being a strong young woman; she rarely broke down like that, not even after they wedded. But now, seeing her crumpled like this in their baby's nursery, it made his heart hurt. Was that because of him? Why he could never have a normal and happy life with the woman he loved most? Where was their baby and who could do such a thing to them? So...? How is it? Was it good? Bad? Need some improvement? Just tell me in your review![Chapter 4] Kansas, fifteen years later… \"Get back here!\" a big angry man shouted as he and a skinnier friend of his chased a young fifteen years old girl through the market place. But the blonde haired girl only laughed and kept running with her satchel bag hanging from her shoulder. \"In your dream, Edgar!\" she turned into an alley behind some stores. She spotted some empty crates stacked up against a wall and an idea crossed her mind. With the two men still chasing behind her, she climbed some boxes until she was standing on a wall before suddenly the empty crates magically fell onto the two men. She snickered as she watched them trapped under the crates before she took off running away. She walked into a house casually, putting her satchel bag on a couch before she walked into the kitchen. She was rummaging through the cabinets when someone cleared their throat from behind her. Turning around, she found a woman standing by the doorway with her arms crossed. She was blonde too and the fifteen years old girl seemed to have some similar resemblances from her. \"Oh! Hi Annie.\" The girl said, grinning. \"Don't think I don't hear what you did in the marketplace, Izzabelle.\" Annie said seriously, which made the girl's face dropped. \"Oh… you hear that huh?\" Izzabelle said, looking down to the wooden floor. \"Look I'm sorry. I didn't mean to-\" \"What were you thinking?\" Annie asked, cutting Izzabelle's sentence. \"Stealing from Edgar again?\" \"It was just an apple…\" Izzabelle said, trying to defend herself. \"But you steal it.\" Annie said firmly, \"Now I ask you again; what were you thinking?\" \"It just fun, you know… seeing his anger boiled up and his face red as a tomato when he noticed that I stole one of his precious apples…\" Annie sighed, \"Now I need to pay for it when I go to the market, plus the damage payment he would ask from me.\" \"Sorry…\" Izzabelle mumbled, The blonde haired woman nodded and sighed again. \"Don't do that again, okay?\" \"Okay…\" Izzabelle nodded before walking out from the kitchen and plopped herself on a couch in the living room. When Annie walked into the living room, she was greeted by books, pencils, and other small things floating around in the air. But she didn't look surprised or terrified at all; she was just sighed looked at Izzabelle who was sitting on the floor cross-legged. \"What I told you about using your power?\" \"… Not to show them in public…\" Izzabelle mumbled and the things in the air floated back to the places where they belong. She looked at the window and a flower floated in toward Annie. Annie sighed and took peace offering from the fifteen years old girl. \"Not to show them, exactly. And then why you used it a few seconds ago?\" \"But you know about my power… Why should I hide it from you?\" \"Because John doesn't know about it.\" Annie answered, \"You know it's dangerous if people know about what you can do, they only wanted your power for themselves and some wouldn't care about how to get it, okay? They could do bad things to you.\" She explained, sitting in front of Izzabelle and took her hand in hers. \"When I found you abandoned near that old circus caravan,\" \"Oz the Great and Powerful Caravan…\" Izzabelle mumbled for correction, \"Yes, Oz's caravan.\" Annie nodded, \"I know you're different and I need to keep you safe. I took you in and I know that you are destined to be my child…\" \"But you're going to have your own Annie…\" Izzabelle said; gesturing to her adoptive mother's distended stomach. \"But I would never leave you behind just because you're not my biological daughter… I love you like my own.\" The woman placed her hand on the girl's cheek lovingly. \"Now promise me that you won't be upset about it and not to show your power, okay?\" Izzabelle sighed softly and nodded. \"I promise…\" Annie smiled, \"Good. Now go to your room, I'll make you lunch.\" The girl nodded and stood up, walking toward her room. \"And don't steal anything from anyone ever again!\" Annie called, earning a grin from the girl before she shut the door of her room… Yea I know the timelines here are pretty... weird. But I think it's the best way for my story so... Anyway, review please?[Chapter 5] Hey, hey, hey! I'm back, I'm back, I'm back! Thanks for the lovely reviews guys! Enjoy this Chapter! It was one of the late times where when the other people were asleep, but Izzabelle was wide awake. She was lying on her bed with her eyes wide open. She looked out through the window in her room, sighing. She knew exactly why she can't sleep… it was her birthday. Her fifteenth birthday. And for fifteen years, she had no idea on who she was and why her real parents left her near that old circus caravan. She got up from her bed and walked to the window. Sitting on a bench nearby, she took an old music box on the table. She opened it and it played the gentle familiar tune. She placed it beside her as she looked at the night sky. \"Please… I don't know if you still going to hear me or grant my wish, oh the Great and Powerful Oz, but it's my birthday and… you probably already know what I'm going to ask you,\" Izzabelle said quietly, \"But I just want to know who I am and… and to meet my real parents and know the truth. Please… if you grant my wish I promise I would be a good girl…\" ~O~ \"Izzabelle?\" Annie knocked on the wooden door of her adoptive daughter's room. \"Wake up, dear…\" but receiving no answer, the blonde haired woman pushed the door open and walked in. The first thing she noticed was the soft instrumental tune from the music box on the table. Near it, half sitting on the bench was the sleeping Izzabelle. With one leg dangling over and her folded arms under her head, she looked like she was being sleeping there throughout the night. \"Wake up, sleeping beauty… happy birthday.\" Annie whispered into Izzabelle's ear, shaking her daughter's shoulders gently. \"Five more minutes, Mum…\" Izzabelle mumbled, shifting in her position before continuing her colorful dream of the unknown but strangely familiar land. The same exact dream she always got in her birthday. \"Five more minutes, then you must wake up.\" Annie reminded before she walked out from the room and shut the door behind her. But even after more than five minutes, there was no sign of Izzabelle waking up, which made Annie had to go back to her daughter's room. \"Izzabelle? Wake up, dear…\" Annie knocked on the door, but there was no answer. \"Izzabelle?\" she turned the knob and pushed the door open, but the blonde haired girl was not there and the music box was also gone. \"John…?\" Annie called for her husband, \"She's missing.\" So...? How is it? Is it good? Oh I hope it is! Please leave your review![Chapter 6] Hey! So I'm back! I really appreciate your reviews! \"Who is she?\" \"Where did she come from?\" \"Is she dead?\" Izzabelle could hear the hushed whispers around her. She yawned and shifted in her position. \"Five more minutes, Mum…\" It was silent for a moment, and she was glad about it. Until… she realized how hard the surface under her and how sunny the sunlight shone to her. It wasn't her room… Izzabelle blinked a few times and pushed herself up from… the yellow bricks? She sat up and looked around. It seemed really familiar… It looks like exactly the same as her dream! It was when she noticed the presence of two other strange people near her. A doll made of china and a… monkey with wings? \"Hey?\" the monkey, who apparently can talk, said. Izzabelle screamed in surprised, making the other two also screamed in shock. \"You can talk! You're a monkey with wings who can talk!\" \"Whoa, whoa, calm down…\" the monkey said, \"It's not like I'm gonna eat you.\" \"Finley's good.\" The china doll said, \"Oh great… now the china doll also can talk.\" Izzabelle said, \"Oh I know about that… I also know that he's finicky, sensitive, brave, sentimental, and talkative.\" She paused for a moment and frowned. \"Wait what? Did I just say that?\" The china doll just stared at her for a moment before clearing her throat. \"Uh… you can call me China Girl.\" Izzabelle smiled at China Girl. \"I'm Izzabelle.\" The second the word left her lips, both Finley and China Girl gasped. How the girl, this new girl that just appeared out of nowhere in Oz, could have the same name as the lost Princess? \"Uh… where am I?\" Izzabelle asked, \"You're… you're in Oz.\" China Girl answered, \"I think we should come with us, Izzabelle.\" Finley said, \"O—kay?\" Izzabelle stood up and followed China Girl and Finley along the Yellow Brick Road to the Emerald City… ","Summary":" My first Oz the Great and Powerful fic! Hope you all like it! And please leave a review, I would re"},{"Movie":"Another Cinderella Story","Title":"Another Twist in the tale","Author":"scottsman","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12087010","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Another Twist 1 Katie Gibbs was sure that she couldn't be happier. She had her recording contract with Kensington Records, she had her boyfriend Luke, and she was getting ready for yet another Concert on her first tour. That is what brought her to Arlington, Virginia. The only wrinkle that she could see was some crackpot who had been posting these weird, almost obsessive comments on her online message boards. Then to make matters worse, at her last concert in Cincinnati, Ohio, when she walked into her dressing room she found an almost psychotic love letter spray painted on the wall! Guy and Luke had been fit to be tied. The security agency that had been doing all the security for the Concerts up until then had been Canned! This meant that Katie was going to have to get used to a whole new batch of Security guards. Nothing else she could do but chalk it up to the list of things someone in her chosen profession has to put up with. After a sound check in the Auditorium and a little rehearsing, Katie was relieved to finally have a couple hours or so of down time before the concert. She walked into her dressing room and was relieved at the lack of graffiti on the wall. Then she saw something that made her breakout into a wide smile. There on the table was a long stemmed red rose and a note from Luke. The note said that he was going to walk around the building to check on the security set up for himself and that he would be back in a few minutes. Katie smiled and happily sniffed the rose. Just then she heard footsteps approaching in the hallway outside. \"Luke,\" she said running to the door and shoving it open. There was a loud Thump on the other side of the door and the thud of something hitting the floor. Katie peered around the door to find a tall guy about her own age with unruly dark hair laying spread eagle on his back holding his nose. Katie realized to her horror and embarrassment that she had hit him when she shoved the door open! \"I am so sorry,\" she said Rushing to his side as he sat up, \"are you okay?\" \"I think so,\" said the boy sitting up and shaking his head as if to clear it, \"you swing a mean door, lady.\" Katie turned red again. And the boy smiled. She grabbed his arm and helped him to his feet. \"I'm Katie Gibbs,\" she said \"Jason Steele,\" replied the boy \"If you don't mind my asking,\" said Katie, \"Why are you here? It's hours until the concert?\" \"My Uncle Ethan is the head of the new Security Company hired to protect you,\" replied Jason, \"He called me to come down here because his little daughter my cousin Sadie is one of your biggest fans and she was so determined not to be late to this concert that she stowed away in her daddy's car. She almost gave her babysitter a heart attack!\" \"What about her mother?\" said Katie \"it would have scared her too if her father had called her before the babysitter did to let her know what was going on.\" Replied Jason \"So anyway,\" continued Jason, \"I'm down her to look after Sadie while her dad's working.\" \"That's good of you,\" said Katie \"Oh we all love the little Munchkin even if she is a bit of a stunt puller.\" Jason said with a smile, \"and believe it or not, she'll generally behave better for me than she will for her babysitter.\" \"I'd love to meet her,\" said Katie \"Oh would you,\" said Jason, \"That would make her day!\" \"Sure,\" said Katie, \"Where is she?\" \"Uncle Ethan, said to come to the office.\" Replied Jason, \"This way.\" After closing the dressing room door, he led Katie down the hallway, around the corner, and down a flight of five steps to the arena office. When they walked in they immediately saw Sadie she was a wiry six year old tow head with blue eyes. She was laying her stomach on the couch against the wall playing on her tablet. \"Hi Sadie,\" Jason called out to her. When Sadie looked up and saw Katie Gibbs standing there next to Jason, her eyes nearly popped out her head. \"Katie Gibbs!\" she squealed. She jumped off the couch bolted across the room and threw her arms around the bigger girl, Katie graciously returned the hug. \"Hi Sadie,\" she said, \"Your Cousin told me you like my music.\" \"Oh yes,\" said Sadie, \"I'm your biggest fan! Wait, you know Jason?\" \"We've met.\" Katie smiled. Sadie turned to Jason \"Jason, is she your girlfriend?!\" \"Sadie!\" Cried Jason mortified. Now it was Jason's turn to blush. Katie laughed as she saw the blood filling Jason's face. \"No I'm not Jason's girlfriend,\" she said \"Why not,\" asked Sadie, \"he's good looking, and he's got muscles too, see.\" She grabbed Katie's hand put it on Jason's bicep. By now Jason was face-palming and his entire neck was red. \"Sadie, stop that!\" he protested As quick as she brought up the subject, she changed it. She ran back and picked up her scrapbook, in it was a copy of one of Katie's recent publicity photos. \"Will you sign this?\" she said \"Sure,\" said Katie On the picture she wrote: it was nice meeting Sadie, hugs and kisses, Katie Gibbs. While she was signing the picture Jason looked up to see his Uncle, a dark haired man in his mid-forties, standing there in the doorway that led to the inner office. \"How long have you been there,\" he said \"Long enough to see Sadie trying to play matchmaker,\" Chuckled Ethan. \"You could have stopped her,\" said Jason \"What,\" said Ethan, \"And miss seeing your face turn as red as your shirt?!\" Jason glared at his Uncle. \"You're no help at all,\" he said Ethan laughed again, And shook hands with Katie as Jason introduced them. \"I'll stay with Sadie,\" he said, \"Jason; you'd better walk Miss Gibbs back to her dressing room.\" \"Well, that was embarrassing,\" he said, when he and Katie were alone in the hallway again. \"No, no,\" said Katie, \"Sadie's adorable.\" Jason smiled. Just then, before either of them could say anything else they reached the door of Katie's dressing room and they found the door unlatched! As they good closer they could hear the sound of rapid footsteps inside. Jason held up a finger to his lips and flattened himself against the wall right next to the door. Katie followed suit. Jason cautiously eased the unlatched door open and they peeked around the door framed and looked inside. Inside Luke was pacing furiously and looking at his watch over and over again. Katie breathed a sigh of relief, \"It's my boyfriend, she said stepping around Jason and into room. Luke looked up and saw her. \"Katie,\" he said, pulling her into a hug. \"Where have you been? I've been texting you for twenty minutes!\" Katie ran over to the couch, pulled her phone out of her handbag, and saw all the messages. \"I'm sorry, Luke I went down to the office with my new friend Jason to meet a fan, and I left my phone here.\" She said apologetically. Jason cleared his throat nervously, \"Well,\" he said, \"I'd better be getting back to the office; it was nice meeting you Katie.\" \"Bye, Jason,\" she Replied, \"It was nice meeting you too.\" After Jason had gone Luke turned to Katie. \"Katie,\" he said, in an almost accusatory tone of voice \"What is going on here?\" \"What are you talking about,\" said Katie, \"I told you I went down the hall to the office to meet a fan.\" \"Yeah,\" said Luke motioning toward where Jason had been standing a moment ago, \"some fan. The minute my back is turned you sneak off with another guy!\" \"Luke,\" Said Katie beginning to get her hackles up, \"The fan I went to meet was Jason's six year old cousin Sadie! She was down at the office. And I didn't sneak off with Jason! we walked down the hallway to the office together! And why are you mad at me? Is it because, the person, that I walked down the hallway with, just happens to be a guy.\" Luke didn't answer he just looked away from Katie's searing gaze. \"Luke,\" said Katie, \"You are giving me the distinct feeling that you don't trust me!\" without waiting for an answer she walked over and stood looking out the window. Luke ran his fingers through his hair and sighed. Katie stood there thinking how in most moving scenes like this the girl would stand a window and cry or something similar but right now she was still too mad to cry. Luke's arms went around her. \"I'm sorry Katie,\" he said in much more docile voice, \"I guess I got a little jealous. I don't want to fight with you, but please be careful, for all we know he could be that lunatic that's been stalking you!\" \"Jason,\" said Katie, turning around and putting her arms around Luke \"Don't be silly, that guy doesn't have a vicious bone in his body.\" \"Ok probably not,\" said Luke, \"but it's hard to tell, psycho's can seem like nice guys until they slit your throat.\" Jason had taken Sadie out into the underground car garage at the south side of the building. During concerts and such this smallest and most seldom used Car garage was often cordoned off and used as the VIP entrance to the arena. They emerged from the elevator playing catch with a big blue ball. The only Car that was parked there now was the white stretched limo that Katie Gibbs had arrived in, so there was plenty of room to play ball. They had just gotten the game going good when Sadie suddenly stopped and pointed the Limo. \"Jason Look!\" she said, \"Somebody broke one the windows of that Limo!\" Jason turned and looked. She was right it looked like someone had walked up and smashed the window right out of the left passenger side door. \"Wait here, Sadie,\" he said, \"I'm going to take a closer look.\" Jason approach the car slowly mindful of the glass fragments we he got closer he saw something that made him stop short. He pulled out his phone and texted his uncle. JSTEELE: Uncle Ethan you'd better come down to the VIP entrance and take a look at this! There in the ground by the door was a framed copy of one of Katie's concert posters it had several slashes through it and scrawled on it with a red felt tip marker were the chilling words \"Mine or Nobody's!\" TO BE CONTINUED… Well there it is folks the first Chapter. If you like it please let me know, review, review, review, I thrive on feedback.[Chapter 2] Another Twist in the Tale 2 Chapter 2 Ethan Steele surveyed the scene before him. As the cops photographed the mess, dusted for fingerprints and so on. For several seconds he didn't say anything. Guy and Luke Morgan had appeared on the scene at Ethan's heels. Jason guessed that they must have been in the office when his uncle got his message. \"I can't understand it,\" said Ethan, \"How could this have happened? We only took the job two hours ago!\" \"Well I suggest you find out post haste,\" snapped Guy angrily, \"I'm not paying you to stand around and scratch your head!\" Jason stood nearby looking things over. Something was bugging him about the whole scene, but he couldn't quite put his finger on it. Sadie's mother Laura had arrived to take charge of Sadie Luke walked over to Katie who was standing nearby with her arms around herself and looking more than a little scared. He put his arms around her. She looked up at him and smiled. \"are you alright,\" he asked. She shrugged gently \"As well as I can be under the circumstances.\" She answered Jason shook his head as he and his uncle walked back inside. \"That guys got better moves than batman if he snuck past our security perimeter that fast!\" he thought. Jason's uncle Ethan was even more focused now. He made some calls and doubled the amount of security guards on the job that night. He even asked Jason to stick around. Jason stood in the wings watching the concert. Although he couldn't fully enjoy it as his uncle had him on the job so to speak. Watching for any out of place goings on back stage. His uncle figured Jason would draw less attention than a uniformed security guard and he meet see something that they wouldn't. And there was still something bugging him about that broken window. It kept going around and around in his head! As Katie was performing the last song of the show. Jason slowly turned all the way around scanning the area for any potential problems. Just as he was turning back to watch the stage he felt a familiar tingling in the back of his neck. Then he flashed to a vision of the main anchor cable holding up one of the light racks, over the stage, about to snap. These \"visions\" were a gift he'd had for as long as he could remember. They worked kind of like Peter Parker's spider sense and warned of danger! Turning around he hurried behind the stage and bounded up the ladder to the catwalk. He raced along the catwalk and reached the steel cable just as it snapped. He caught the cable just as it snapped, and setting his feet, held the light rack in place. This tremendous physical strength was his other gift. It had been around as long as his sixth sense. Jason had discovered early on that he could, at will, become however strong he wanted to be. His parents said he had these gifts because he was meant to do what no one else could do. That certainly seemed to be the truth tonight as he stood there holding an eight -hundred- pound light rack in place, by the anchor cable, while Katie finished the rest of the song. A few minutes later the song ended, Katie thanked her fans and she and her band walked off the stage. When the stage was empty Jason let go of the cable and the light rack abruptly crashed to the stage with the sickening clang of crashing metal, covered in a shower of sparks!\" Katie jumped and grabbed Luke. The whole audience recoiled like one body and there were several screams of fright! Jason slid down the ladder from the catwalk and came running to the stage. His uncle came running down the aisle. Ethan bounded up on stage and looked at the light rack then at Jason. He gave Jason a look as if he realized Jason must have been holding that thing all this time. Jason gave a subtle nod. Ethan called the police and began looking over the mess. Guy showed up just then demanding to know what just happened, while Ethan tried to pacify him with the fact that the only casualty was a drum set. Jason kept looking around. Now in the light he could see the cable a lot better. The cable had been deliberately cut part way through probably with a hacksaw. He made a mental note to go back up on the catwalk and check for filings on the floor around the other end of the cable to be sure. The he saw something else scrawled across the main bar of the light rack itself, in blood red ink, were the same ominous words from before. KATIE GIBBS, MINE OR NOBODYS! TO BE CONTINUED…. There it is, Chapter two of this mystery, PLEASE READ AND REVIEW. ","Summary":" Another Twist 1 Katie Gibbs was sure that she couldn't be happier. She had her recording contract w"},{"Movie":"Another Cinderella Story","Title":"sparks fly","Author":"Daydreamer221","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7507130","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own Another Cinderella Story nor any of it's characters. I have no connection to the making or any of its productions. No money is being made from this. This fic is only for my joy in writing about this couple. No copyright infringement is intended. Sparks fly Whenever he touches me. This electrifing feeling comes over me. It's the best feeling ever. He's all I think about. All day. My heads full with nothing but his name. I can't get him out of my head. I can finally see. That he's right there beside me. I'm not alone. I hope he never let's me go. Because I will never let go of him. I desperatly need him. He truly knows who I am. Who I'm not. And who I want to one that accepts me for who I am. No words could discribe the way I feel about way he lookes at me. Everyword he says. It takes my breath away. I lie awake at night in my bed and miss him.I know I'll see him tommarow. How foolish of me. But I miss his arms around me. I wish he was there. I watch the night turn light blue. But it's not the same without him. Then I look at my hands and feel sad. Because the spaces between my fingers are right were his fit perfectly. When I think of him I don't feel so alone. As many times as I blink I'll think of him. Everytime our lips meet. I feel whole again. Like his lips are supposed to be there Everything he does makes me smile. When I'm sad. He knows excactly what to do. Ten seconds later I find myself laughing my heart out. When he smiles. Oh that heart melting smile. The one that Melts my heart into a puddle of goo. His ocean blue eyes. I could get lost in them for hours. Heck even for days.I would never get sick of them. I can't imagine my life without him anymore. All these signs mean I am despratly and unconditionaly in love with him. I can't help it! But it feels so damn good. I wouldn't trade it for anything in the world Sometimes I wonder. Does he feel the same about me?[Chapter 2] Hey guys! I've been wondering if you guys still want some more updates,especially since no one posts anymore or is interested in this movie,but if a good number of you still wants updates i will get back to posting more :) I'd also like to apologize for not posting anything for a while, these past 2-3 years have been really mentally exhausting for me, and its finally back to normal! Please don't forget to leave a review telling me your opinion :) and feel free to send me a private message (or leave a review) if you would like to make any suggestions, or if you want anything specific to happen in the story- it'll definitely give me some ideas ;) ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own Another Cinderella Story nor any of it's characters. I have no connection t"},{"Movie":"Oz the Great and Powerful","Title":"Oz and Glinda: The After Story of Love","Author":"Glinda-Oz-Forever","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9488459","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Oz and Glinda: The After Story of Love Disclaimer: I Do Not Own Oz the Great and Powerful or The Characters Chapter One: The Proposal As Oz walked down the hallway of the Emerald Palace, he remembers his journey to Oz and how he met the love of his life, Glinda the good. Oz has been in Oz for five months now, and he hopes to soon make Glinda his wife. He proposed to her two months after his arrival, and he couldn't have been more pleased when she accepted his proposal. He still remembers the night he got down on one knee, and presented the ring to her. Oz was sitting in his room, staring at the ring he had gotten to ask for Glinda's hand in marriage. He was planning on asking her after supper, but he was too excited to wait. He got up from his bed, and he went to find her. He found Glinda in the library, looking for some kind of book on a high shelf. She found what she was looking for and came down, and Oz came behind her as she got down from the ladder, and wrapped his arm around her, making her jump a little. She turned around to see who it was, and had a smile on her face after seeing that it was Oz. \" I thought I would see you at dinner later, is something the matter?\" Glinda asked, starting to sound worried. \"No nothing is wrong, I just wanted to see you,\" Replied Oz, \"I wanted to ask you something, now I was going to wait until after supper tonight, but I have to ask you something important.\" Glinda looks at him, and she says, \"Yes, go ahead.\" Oz begins to get nervous, but he puts those thoughts of nervousness to the back of his mind. He gets down on one knee, and shows her the ring. She was speechless when he did this, not expecting him to do this yet. Then he began his speech, \"Glinda, before I came to your land, I was a selfish, conman, who repeatedly broke the hearts of many girls, but with you, I feel like I started living when I met you at that graveyard. Glinda, you changed me into the man I am today, and that man wants to make you his wife,, his life partner, his soul mate. Glinda, will you make me the happiest man in Oz, and marry me?\" Glinda just stared at him, and all of a sudden, a huge smile spread across her face, and she flung herself at him, and wrapped her arms around him, chanting \"yes\" to him. \"Yes, I will marry you Oscar! I would love to marry \"I love you to Oscar.\" I will continue this story. I don't know how long it will be, but i will complete it. i am hoping to get some reviews for my chapters. i will continue to write the story even if you don't review it. Glinda-Oz-Forever[Chapter 2] Oz and Glinda: The After Story of Love Disclaimer: I Do Not Own Oz the Great and Powerful or The Characters Chapter 2: Wedding Plans Glinda was in her happy place as she stared at her engagement ring. She couldn't keep her eyes off of it, letting her mind wonder off in a day dream of her wedding, even now as she plans said wedding. Ever since she was a little girl, she had always dreamed of what her wedding day would be like. It saddens her to think that her father will never be able to walk her down the aisle and give her away to the man she loves, and is tying herself to him by marriage. She's never told Oz that she cries in the middle of the night at times when she has the dreams of her father at the wedding, but she knows that he can probably hear at night if he's awake. Maybe she's even woke him up by her crying. When he sees her in the morning he almost always has a sad smile on his face if she's cried the night before. She has a dress picked out, someone to officiate the marriage, a flower girl (China Girl), a ring bearer (knuck), and the music (the Munchkins). Oz got his own tux, of course with the help of Finley. The bakers were making the feast as well as the three layer wedding cake. There was only one week left until the wedding, and she's still wondering if she should just walk herself down the aisle, but she wants someone to give her away. As she thinks of it, she thinks of the person she wants to give her away, and she knew she could find him in the thinker workshop. The master tinker was the man who helped rebuild the land of Oz, and had even said that her father would be proud to see the woman she became. She wanted him to be the one to walk her down the isle to Oscar, to her new future. I made the promise that I would continue the story and I am. I hope that those of you who read this and enjoy it will continue to read it. I will keep my promise to the readers who enjoy this fiction.[Chapter 3] Oz and Glinda: The After Story of Love Disclaimer: I Do Not Own Oz the Great and Powerful or The Characters Chapter 3: The Wedding Today was the day Glinda had dreamt of since she was a little girl; her wedding day! She couldn't be happier than she was linked arms with the Master Tinker, getting ready to make her entrance to walk to the man she was about to marry. China Girl started walking and throwing yellow rose petals around the floor, making it to the end of the isle. It was time for Glinda to start her way to down the aisle, and she couldn't be any more nervous than she was walking towards the hall. She rounded the corner, and there he was. Oz. The man she was walking to, to start their lives as husband and wife. Glinda had to steady herself so that she wouldn't run down the aisle to him, because if the Master Tinker wasn't linked arms with her that was most likely what would happen. Oz could not keep the smile off his face that appeared once he saw his soon-to-be wife walk towards him, in a dress that did justice to her in every way possible. She soon joined him at the end of the aisle, and they took each others hands; turning to face to Minister. Once everyone in the audience was seated, the Minister began the ceremony. \"Dearly beloved, we are gathered here to witness the union of Glinda the Good and Oz Diggs. Now, before they begin their vows, does anyone here object to this marriage?,\" the Minister pauses to see if anyone objects, \"Seeing as no one objects, groom, would you like to begin the vows?\" asks the Minister. Oscar begins his vows,\"Glinda, since the day i met you in that graveyard, I knew that deep down, i loved you. Everything we have been through, every obstacle we have faced, my love for you grew even more. From this day on i promise to stand by your side supporting you, helping you, and loving you as it should. Glinda, i can't imagine anyone i would rather marry.\" As he ends, Glinda has silent tears falling from her eyes. She doesn't realize until it's her turn to say her vows. Glinda regains steadiness into her voice, trying to hide the uneasiness from the crowd. \"Oscar, when i first saw you, i felt a kind of love that i had never felt before. When I'm with you, i feel safe, protected, and loved. I promise to you that i will forever be faithful to you, you never have to worry about the strength of my love towards you, because my heart is yours, forever. You are an amazing and loving man, who i am very happy to have as my husband. I am yours forever.\" Everyone is brought to tears by both of their speeches, moved by the love they share for each other. \"Everyone, it is my pleasure to introduce to you for the first time, Mr. and Mrs. Oscar Diggs!\" announces the Minister. Everyone is on their feet cheering for the newly wedded couple. Now, I saw my first review today, so here is the next chapter. Thank you so much for the review, I can tell by it that you enjoy the story. I hope that you will continue to read it as I continue. I have asked someone to beta for me, so I may have one soon. Please continue to review on the future chapters. I'll be posting again tomorrow, I promise. Yours Truly, Glinda-Oz-Forever[Chapter 4] Author's Note I'm very sorry that I haven't been writing the new chapters recently, but i have had a very busy life right now with school, family problems, and my boyfriend breaking up with me. I am currently writing the new chapter and will continue writing them in my spare time. I will have the new chapter out before next Sunday, I promise that will happen. Sincerely, Glinda-Oz-Forever[Chapter 5] Oz and Glinda: The After Story of Love Disclaimer: I Do Not Own Oz the Great and Powerful or The Characters Chapter Four: After the Wedding Oz carries Glinda over the threshold of their bedroom, and brings her over to the bed. He places her down on the bed and removes her dress, and stares at her completely flat stomach. He removes his jacket and shirt, returning down to Glinda's level and they begin to make out. Glinda awoke the next morning with the sheets surrounding her, looking next to her to see her new husband next to her, asleep. She was happy, happier than she's been since her father was killed. Oz began to wake up, and when he opened his eyes, he saw his beautiful wife. \"Good morning my beautiful wife.\" He greets his wife. \"Good morning Oscar.\" replied Glinda, \"How did you sleep?\" asked Oz. \"Great, happy that we're finally married.\" She answered. They began to kiss again and they started where they left off the night before. Two Weeks Later Glinda was walking around the palace, thinking of how it was amazing marriage was. She thought of what could happen later on in their marriage. She wondered what Oz would think if she told him that she was thinking of the events that might happen later on in their marriage. She wondered what their children might look like, how they would call her mommy and Oscar daddy. It made her happy to think of what could happen in the next two or three years. Oz was lying in his bed, thinking of his beautiful wife. He wondered what she was doing right that moment, picturing her as she was the night before, and all he could think of was what she would look like with their child within her womb in a few years. He knew that the decision was completely up to Gilnda, seeing as it's her body, but he couldn't stop his mind wondering to the future, his future with Glinda. I am very sorry that it's been so long since I've posted, but I have been so busy with school, work, and getting over my boyfriend breaking up with me, but I will be writing the next chapter after posting this one. I hope you all enjoyed this chapter, I enjoyed writing it for all of my readers. Sincerely, Lanna[Chapter 6] Oz and Glinda: The After Story of Love Authors Note Dear Readers, I am so sorry I have not updated since last year. My schedule has been crazy busy what with school and band. I will be putting up a new chapter after I have posted this note to all of my followers. Thank you all so much for the reviews you have given me, and I promise I will keep up with the story. If any of you have ideas about what I should write in a chapter, please let me know. Sincerely yours, Glinda-Oz- Forever[Chapter 7] p style=\"text-align: center;\"Authors Note/p p style=\"text-align: left;\"Ahhhhh, I'm alive! Hello my fellow readers; sorry I've been MIA, but I haven't exactly had time to write recently. I've had major writers block and a hectic schedule accompanying it. I'm writing this to let you know that it may still be a little while for an update chapter for this story, but I have a new idea for another story, and right now that's all I can think of, so there will be a new story from me, and I will eventually continue this story. Sorry to all of the people waiting on me to continue, but my hearts not in this story right now, but I'll eventually get back to it. Thank you for reading, and hopefully some of you will enjoy my new story coming up, it will be completely different from this story and the source material is an awesome anime/manga! Thank you! /p p style=\"text-align: left;\"Sincerely, /p p style=\"text-align: left;\"Glinda-Oz-Forever/p ","Summary":" Oz and Glinda: The After Story of Love Disclaimer: I Do Not Own Oz the Great and Powerful or The Ch"},{"Movie":"Another Cinderella Story","Title":"An Obsessed Fan","Author":"CalvinHobbesGatsby","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13202032","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I DO NOT OWN A CINDERELLA STORY: ONCE UPON A SONG. THIS IS INSPIRED BY ACTUAL EVENTS. A BIG SHOUTOUT TO SCOTTSMAN. I WOULD ADVISE YOU TO READ HIS STORIES. February 8, 2013. Los Angelas, California. It was half past noon and Katie Gibbs was still asleep in bed. She had been at an amazing party last night to celebrate the release of her first album: Once Upon A Song. It had been a late night and she had not gotten to bed until half past one AM. When she finally did wake up, her nostrils were assaulted by the smell of blueberries. She sat up and saw Luke Morgan: her boyfriend of one year, carding in a tray of blueberry pancakes and a glass of orange juice. \"What's this?\" Katie asked, her voice filled with delight as Luke gave her one of his signature smiles. \"Oh, I thought that I would just bring my superstar some breakfast in bed.\" Luke said as he set the tray on Katie's lap. \"Thank you.\" Katie said as she kissed Luke on the lips. \"You're welcome.\" He replied. As Katie ate, Luke flashed a goofy grin. \"What's going on with you?\" She asked. \"My dad rang a couple hours ago.\" Luke explained. \"It's about Once Upon A Song.\" \"Is everything ok?\" \"No, stores are having a hard time keeping it on the shelves. It's selling like mad! Over 20,000 copies so far.\" Katie was struck with disbelief. \"It just came out last night!\" She replied in shock. \"That's the speed of business my love.\" Luke said as the two exchanged Eskimo kisses. \"I can't believe this!\" Katie exclaimed. \"My debut album is flying off the shelves, Gail and Bev are out of my life forever and I have an amazing boyfriend. It all kind of seems to good to be true, you know?\" \"I can feel that. It's brilliant!\" Luke agreed as he climbed in bed next to his beloved. \"You deserve every bit of it Katie.\" She smiled as they snuggled up close, feeling as if they were in top of the world. WHEN YOU ARE ON TOP OF THE WORLD, THERE IS NOWHERE TO GO BUT DOWN. REVIEWS NEEDED AND APPRECIATED.[Chapter 2] I DO NOT OWN A CINDERELLA STORY: ONCE UPON A SONG OR ANOTHER CINDERELLA STORY. Febuary 8, 2013. Los Angelas, California. As Katie Gibbs's star was rising, Dylan Cunanan's world was falling apart. His parents had disowned him for coming out of the closet as a gay man. His sister had no room to take him in and his \"friends\" in the music business had abandoned him. Dylan had always wanted to be famous, but it had never panned out for him. The closet he came was making a few acquaintances in the business. Cunanan was always coming up some cockamamie scheme to make it big. His latest plot was to go to teen sensation Joey Parker and attempt to start a fan club for his girlfriend: fellow superstar Mary Santiago. She had been open to the idea, until she and Joey actually met the man face to face. Once Mary had seen Cunanan for the creep that he was, she begged Joey to get rid of him and he had. JP's manager/best friend, Dustin: aka The Funk, had told him that they were not interested. Needless to say, Dylan had not taken the rejection well. On the day that Katie's solo album, Once Upon A Song, was released, Cunanan showed up at the flat that Joey shared with Mary. He waited outside for two hours until The Funk showed up with his girlfriend: Mary's best friend Tami. As they walked inside, Dylan revealed himself, \"Hey Funk!\" He shouted as Dustin turned to face him. The Funk got Tami inside before he turned to face Cunanan. \"What you doing here man?\" He asked as Dylan stared him down. \"I've been trying to get in touch with JP, but he doesn't return my calls. So, I need you to tell him to pick up his damn phone when I call.\" \"Can't do it man. My man and his girl have made it clear that they don' want you around, so you ain't around.\" \"You can't throw me away like a piece of trash!\" Cunanan roared. \"Why not, that's what you are.\" The Funk countered. \"Now get the Hell out before I call the cops.\" As he ran into the house, Dylan was enraged. \"Go to Hell, ALL OF YOU!\" He shouted as he passed by Tami's van and in one swift motion, keyed it. Dylan Cunanan vowed that no one would ever reject him like that again and get away with it. REVIEWS NEEDED AND APPRECIATED.[Chapter 3] I DO NOT OWN A CINDERELLA STORY: ONCE UPON A SONG. Los Angeles, California. The day that every changed for Katie Gibbs started out like any other day. It was late afternoon when Dylan Cunanan arrived at Kensington Records. It had been a week since he had been cast out by Joey Parker and he was determined not to be thrown back into obscurity with the other losers. There were two types of people in the world: Wannabes and Gonnabes. In Dylan's mind, he was a gonna be and he refused to be treated like a wanna be. He walked into the lobby and found that the receptionist was not at her desk. Dylan looked over and saw a portfolio on the desk hat showed Guy Morgan's appointments for that day. A plan formed in his mind and he took a sharpie from the drawer and scribbled D. CUNANAN. 3:45. He then sat down in a chair and waited for the receptionist to return. she did return five minutes later and greeted Dylan. \"Welcome to Kensington Records, have you been waiting long?\" She asked cheerfully. \"Not at all.\" Dylan replied with equal gaiety in his voice. \"I have an appointment with Guy Morgan, I hope i'm not late.\" The receptionist checked the portfolio. \"Mr. Cunanan?\" \"That's me.\" \"You are right on time, let me just buzz you in.\" She said as she turned on the speaker. \"Mr. Morgan, your 3:45 is here.\" \"Oh, I didn't think I had a 3:45. Oh well, send him in.\" Guy Morgan replied through the speaker. \"Mr. Morgan will see you now.\" The receptionist said as Dylan made his way into the office of music mogul Guy Morgan. \"Ah Mr. Morgan.\" He said as he shook Guy's hand. \"Dylan Cunanan at your service.\" \"Guy Morgan, Kensington Records. Please sit down, Mr. Cunanan.\" He said as the two men faced each other. \"So, how may I help you?\" \"Well, I talked on the phone with your secretary about a proposal that I thought you might be interested in.\" Dylan replied. \"Really? Lucy never said anything to me about it.\" \"She probably just forgot, I had to rush the call unexpectedly, but she said that she would pencil me in for an appointment.\" \"All right.\" Guy relented. \"Let's hear this proposition of yours.\" \"When I first saw Katie Gibbs performing at the Wellesley showcase, I knew that she was going to be a huge star, despite what occured with her step family.\" Dylan stated. This was in fact a lie, Dylan had not been at the showcase. \"Ah yes, one of the worst moments of my career, getting had by a headmistress.\" Guy sighed. When the story of what happened with Katie and Bev went public, Guy became the butt of many jokes. \"Anyway, I am telling you Katie's debut album is flying off the shelves and her fans are growing by the thousands.\" Dylan continued. \"What is your point, Mr. Cunanan?\" Guy inquired. \"My point is that I want to form the first official Katie Gibbs fan club.\" He stated proudly. \"I would very much like your endorsement.\" \"And I would legitimize this because...\" \"Because it will bring in money. Official members will pay a one time fee of twenty dollars and in exchange they will receive a membership card, a piece of memorabilia signed by Katie herself, a newsletter detailing all things Katie, and a list of all her upcoming concert dates; and for the cheapskates, they can sign up to be honorary members for no charge and they just get the newsletter and the list of concert dates.\" \"This is a lot to take care of and I don't think that we have the time for this...\" Guy started to say. \"You won't have to worry about a thing.\" Dylan interrupted. \"I'll handle the business and the mailings and all the other stuff.\" Guy had to admit that he was impressed with the young man's enthusiasm. \"What's in it for you?\" Guy asked. \"What do you get out of this?\" 'Well, you would have to declare me fan club president.\" Dylan replied. \"And...I would like some special access, maybe backstage passes, a meet and greet with our shining star.\" Guy thought about it for a minute and then relented. \"Done. Welcome aboard Mr. fan club president.\" Guy said as the two men shook hands. \"Thank you Mr. Morgan, you will not regret this.\" Dylan replied. Eventually though, he would. NEXT TIME, KATIE IS INTRODUCED TO HER NUMBER ONE FAN. REVIEWS NEEDED AND APPRECIATED. ","Summary":" I DO NOT OWN A CINDERELLA STORY: ONCE UPON A SONG. THIS IS INSPIRED BY ACTUAL EVENTS. A BIG SHOUTOU"},{"Movie":"A Goofy Movie","Title":"Teh epik blackian whosn starving atm","Author":"mudkip to ashes","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13068170","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Pippepipitfffppttttftt aa ther be a waman in africka an yesterday she said thet I am not very cool so I sed \"STOP IT U STUPIT MANCHILD LIBTARD FEMINAZI SNOWFLAKE I WILL DEVOUR YOUR LEFT HAND'S PINKIE'S FINGERNAIL AND THROW YOU INTO THE PIT!\" Teh womon then went and had a ptsd and died the end But not haha you thought, thot! Here's wot happened next: she then got up and started squatting down like a lol fr*cking autist lmao and her hair turned bright orange and she said \"ohahoyayo me me big boy now you WILL taste my wrath in all 27 flavors\" and I cried. This was the most intense event in the entire history. Little did she know though, was I had a seCRET WEAPON ON ME RIGHT NOW!!! Ok so what happeen next was I took out my Big Ben (Shapiro) and he devoured all of the colleges in Africa WHOLE. The lady was so TRIGGERED and she said \"oh no pls don't! All of these education systems were all our poor starving African children (trademark symbol) had!\" \"That's about 1 gamillian feminazi retards rekt\" and brought the rest of my army which consisted of these hot and sexy men: Elmo, Dora, Alexander jones the great, biggybigbigmanwithbugpoopoohole, and my grandma. And also big smoke, big man 2, and 27 year old woman. ","Summary":" Pippepipitfffppttttftt aa ther be a waman in africka an yesterday she said thet I am not very cool "},{"Movie":"A Goofy Movie","Title":"Stand out","Author":"SpideyMoon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13108705","Passage":"[Chapter 1] SpideyMoon owns nothing but her own OC characters and her ideas so please don't copy any of my fanfics without my permission ok? Roxanne sees him at College. The End. ","Summary":" SpideyMoon owns nothing but her own OC characters and her ideas so please don't copy any of my fanf"},{"Movie":"A Goofy Movie","Title":"Mac n' Cheese","Author":"IZZY-CHAN13","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12795783","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"So, what is it?\" The 19-year-old turned his back on his elder, so Bobby couldn't help but inquire further, \"You said that I guessed wrong about you two?\" \"There is nothing going on between us, just the same old rivalry as usual.\" Max had taken great care not to raise his voice with each passing syllable. When it was safe he turned his head over the shoulder, \"What the hell makes you think that I'm 'having an affair' with that guy?\" The redhead crossed arms and swiveled his body to face the dorm's entrance, anxiously awaiting the return of the third musketeer. A wandering hand latched onto his scalp under the mini-side mohawk and stayed there, hoping to avoid a sudden migraine. He just wasn't used to addressing this issue. He shook his head for the fourth time as the Goof smiled, \"Are you gay or something, Bobby?\" The other's focus suddenly sharpened, \" What the hell?! \" Removing the eclipsed sunglasses—The black pit of his orbs threatened to sink more into the exotic shade. \"Why would you think that, Max?\" The boy finally turned around, \"It's the same answer I gave you earlier, yeah? So stop asking if it's not your business! \" Sputtering, disturbed to the core by such a misguided accusation, \"I'm just looking out for you, Max! I thought we were friends! I want to help! \" Something tugged and pulled at Maximilian's heart, still malleable even as it hardened like steel; he had a certain senior to thank for that. The face remained like stone with that strange smirk. Robert felt chills go down his spine at this lack of reaction. Since the beginning of September, he had noticed something was wrong with his once-closest friend. Back then, during the summer, the particular depression was dismissed as a phase. The sudden elation during the following months after the \"jumping incident\" gave rise to chronic suspicion. Those suspicions were confirmed after Halloween night; Max had deliberately harmed himself! He saw the gash on the kid's side and the shallow cuts circling his wrists as clear as day… But the answer to the question \"why?\" remained forever suspended in the air. Bobby had a gut feeling to share with a reluctant PJ that their best friend trying to strangle the Gamma jerk in a classroom was no isolated incident. He found himself just gawking in growing disbelief, all with an air of concern that Max readily took note of… He was nearly moved. Despite the label that had just been slapped on him, the Pauly Shore canine went in for a tight hug, sighing, \"Look, I just want you to be okay.\" As a gloved hand brushed through messy black hair, Max convulsed and broke away from the embrace; something in him was screaming! A forbidden thought seeped its way into his split mind. He hoped that the color wasn't draining from his face at Bobby's alarm, or worse—if he was going red. He was pacing back to the bedroom, with the other calling behind him, \"Max!\" The door was pushed into place as another weight pressed back, \"What is wrong with you?!\" He never planned on telling him. Or anybody else. \" Leave me alone! Please!\" \"Yeah real mature , kid!\" Out of sight, the 'kid' bit his lip long enough to make it bleed as suitable punishment. After several frustrating attempts at barging into the locked room, Bobby threw his arms up and stomped out of the dormitory, slamming the door behind him, \"You stupid freshman! \" Unknown to Mr. Zimmeruski, this would be the same day that Max would really attempt to end his life. A girl peered into the glassed hole through rounded lenses and caught a severe fish-eye view of a fidgeting Goof reaching for his keys— \"Psst, he's here! He's back!\" Stacey sprinted back to her seat, evermore excited now that the Troop was almost back together, save her good friend from another campus… Bobby was feeling more distant than ever before. He continued to look down at his gloves, speculating on their existence again. He stood up from his seat about ready to avoid contact at all costs, tugging at the collar of his black-and-white striped sweater feeling guilty of so many things. The Beret Girl looked up at him from PJ's cuddle with a questioning look. Her boyfriend had only scratched the surface of the tension between Mr. Zimmeruski and Maxie, who was beginning to turn the knob. It looked at this point that he would have to fake it until he made it— All in unison at his arrival, \"Welcome back, Goof Boy!\" Bobby leaned over her with a weighty hold on her shoulder. An annoyed motion with her head, go talk to him . The guy pursed his lips a little after Stacey reintroduced herself, \"Hey there, Max Goof! Long time no see!\" \".. Hey, Stace.\" Hand motionless in the air as everyone got in a loose circle around him to give their share of affection. Something that he had to get used to—after his encounters with the senior whom he shared a strange, fulfilling weekend with… PJ slapped his hand into Max's palm in a bro-type of way, making up a new handshake on the spot as the third of the musketeers approached, clearing his throat, \"Hello, Maximilian.\" Much to his surprise, the 'boy' smiled in gratitude. Max was taken aback with yet another embrace, making his heart race. Not much thought was put into it as the last time. The girls snatched him away from Zimmeruski after respectful request to show him that he was dearly missed. After the weekend at his \"old man's\" house, he didn't feel so isolated in this world as before. But still. Bradley. It wasn't until after the girls were gone that Bobby tried to speak to him again. PJ was taking his sweet time escorting his girlfriend home. Stacey tagged along, chatting all the way through about their high school lives. She even mentioned a certain redhead whom Max was once \"deeply in love with\" to the point of putting on a show for her… Robert tiptoed into the room after a soft rap of his knuckles on the panel. It was dark; the light from the living room revealed a slumbering creature hidden underneath a cotton comforter. \"Hey, Max.\" Shaking shoulders gently; the other groaned, \"What is it?\" Now awake, he stared into the sparkle of his friend's orbs, \"Bobby.\" He's still pressing on you ain't he, Maxie Boy? He preferred that he wouldn't sit so close, \"move over,\" shoving him to the other end of the mattress—\"What's the matter with you?\" The boy finally sat up, draping his legs over the edge. The guy laughed nervously, \"I can't help it; you're like a little brother or cousin to me sometimes, you know?\" \"By two measly years!\" Max had never thought of his friend viewing him as a brother, much less 'little'. Now being half serious, \"It doesn't matter to you if it's Uppercrust, though.\" The kid curled his lip, mind wandering to the beginning of the conversation on the way back to the college campus… You're kidding me, right? .. No. Max, I'm not. There's something, that... I.. … Bradley. Wh-Why? The young man focused on the road ahead, jaw jutting in and out in obvious internal conflict, gripping Max's hand to the point where he could almost crush it. \"You miss him already don't you?\" Goof Boy looked at him, feeling betrayed, \"Are you still going to talk about that?\" Hesitant, \"I need to know what happened that day— On the defensive, \"He insulted me, that's all!\" Max wished he would get up and leave, but to no avail. Pondering, the other was almost smiling at an inside joke, \"Not a smart idea following him around— A brow raised, \"What?\" Bobby's train of thought changed tracks to not reveal that he and PJ had been spying on the kid for a while before the classroom incident happened. \"You're not involved with him in that way, then?\" In uncanny confusion, Max scratched at the back of his head, \"… No, I'm not.\" Not anymore, as Mr. Uppercrust said at least. Eyebrows then scrunched together in response to his current life events, \"Would it matter if I was?\" \"I don't want to see you getting hurt,\" not wanting to answer a crucial question. Max's frame nearly collapsed. Bobby rested a hand on his shoulder hesitantly, knowing what the sudden embrace did before, when they were alone, \"Just to let you know I don't swing that way, man—so don't expect any favors!\" In the way he said it, he was trying to get his friend to crack a smile. In a weird way, Max felt relieved—a bit safer than before from the last vision he had of them in heat... Max taking him over indefinitely. He couldn't understand why this would show up with all of the other \"bizarre attractions\" poking all around. Still, there was a question in his eyes, starting with Bobby's persistence of wanting to be so close, especially when no one else was around. The canine picked it up, \"Ya know how parents and siblings get real close at home? They can't do it around strangers, because they get the wrong idea…\" Mulling it over, biting his tongue in bitter anxiety. \"Especially when they look unrelated.\" Max's body suddenly tingled with a strange emotion that had nothing to do with a stray licentious thought. \"That's why guys can't express their feelings out in the open.\" This still wasn't enough to answer questions nagging at the back of the Goof's strange mind, but for now this was something to consider for the long run. Pulled into a warm, strong hold, the kid held on tight, trying to erase the last vision from his memory to replace it with something that seemed better… \"I don't want to take advantage of you, Max. I can't stand seeing you hurt; none of us do.\" Not that he really fuckin' cares, Mr. Zimmeruski. \"Hey you two!\" Eyes snapped back open. PJ turned on the bedroom light, grinning, \"I'm glad the fight's over.\" Bobby let go, a bit flustered; PJ laughed, \"It's okay; my mind's clean.\" Max nearly put on a face like a sad puppy abandoned by its owner, partially in a way to make himself laugh out loud, but that never happened, \"Hey, Peej. It's good being back.\" A rare genuine smile appeared on his face. His best friend offered a hand to him, \"Wanna watch a late night movie, since you're up?\" Bobby gave one last glance directly into the Goof's reddened eyes. He rubbed at them to get rid of the lack of sleep, and then some— \"Sure… only if I get to choose it, that is.\" ","Summary":" \"So, what is it?\" The 19-year-old turned his back on his elder, so Bobby couldn't help but inquir"},{"Movie":"A Goofy Movie","Title":"A Goofy Recession","Author":"run with all of the scissors","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13082857","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The nineties were a simpler time. The Berlin wall had just come down and the air was easier to breathe in. The American dream was a reality for many young people; many more who had decided to enrich their life with a college education. When Max went to college he was going to make something of himself. To be the first in his family to get a PHD, would be a landmark. Nobody told him that there was impending economic crisis. By the time he graduated in 2007, it was one year in that 100,000 dollars of debt and no job that he realized he would have to move back in with his father. And upon calling his father, telling him that he could no longer afford his apartment because being laid off from K-mart couldn't cut it; Goofy, too, had a confession to make. \"Uh-Hyuck, oh Maxie,\" Goofy laughed nervously, \"I had to sell the house, 'cause I couldn't afford to make the payments no more.\" \"Dad, where are you living?\" \"I'm living at Pete's house, Maxie. I bet Pete wouldn't mind you coming to stay with us, son.\" After losing his own job, Goofy had to work at subway. Life had gotten harder and was missing meaning after Sylvia died. Turns out drinking soda and eating pop rocks does kill you. Now Pete, PJ, Goofy, Max, and Bobby were going to live under the same roof. Five bachelors. 2 homosexuals. 157 countries. Only one can be the iron chef. A/n: pls don't call me gae ","Summary":" The nineties were a simpler time. The Berlin wall had just come down and the air was easier to brea"},{"Movie":"A Goofy Movie","Title":"Shallow Seas","Author":"SPN221B","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12184116","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello everyone, and welcome to the most depressing story you will ever read! So I'm new to this fandom, but hopefully you all will enjoy, and please review! Thanks! He was gone. He's been gone for some time now. And I miss him. He was my best friend. He was my dad. I loved so much, but I had treated him like a jerk, when it should've been him doing that to me. I was the jerk, not him. He went out of his way to make sure I was always happy, always well feed and rested, that I never needed anything. And how did I repay his kindness? With hatred and anger. And now it's over. All that love was gone, and I was empty. I had no more tears to cry, no more love to give. I can't even bare to think of all the things I did to him. How I ignored his calls, found friends to hang out with on the holidays that had always been him and me, I even didn't invite him to my wedding. Though I should've. Because the next day I got a call from the hospital, asking if this was a relative of Goof. When I said yes, I was leaving Roxanne in an airport, driving as fast as I could. My dad had had a heart attack. No one knew why, but he wasn't going to recover. So I was praying that he was still alive when I got there. Thankfully he was, but just barely. I knew that if I wasn't quick though, he wouldn't be. The receptionist at the desk saw me and told me which room to go to. I guess my panicked face and mood made her know something was up, skipping the four other visitors. After that I rushed up six floors of stairs, barely making it up the seventh. I had three more to go and decided to use the elevator. I was a floor away when it stopped. And tons of people got on, pushing me off. I turned back to the stairs, when I heard over the intercom people being called to my dad's room, to help remove life support. I don't even remember going up that last flight of stairs, or navigating the hall ways. I only remember pushing past three or four nurses, and stopping them from taking my dad. \"No! You can't do this! He will get better. He the strongest person I know!\" I shouted, confusing them all. One nurse stepped up. \"Sir, I need to ask you to leave.\" he said. \"No.\" I answered. \"I'm not leaving my father.\" \"Oh... Are you Maximillion Goof? Goofy Goof's son?\" I nodded, not able to speak. They all filed out, saying I had twenty minutes. I turned to my dad and my lip trembled. He was breathing and his eyelids fluttered. \"Ma, Maxie?\" he asked weakly. I smiled softly. \"Yeah. It's me dad. It's me.\" \"You came.\" \"Of course I did dad. You would do the same for me. I love you daddy.\" a tear trickled down my face, falling on my dad's. It had been a long time since I called him that, and I think that was what he was waiting for. For me to say those four simple words. He wanted to know that I loved him. I always knew he had loved me, but never made it clear to him. And now I regretted it forever. \"l love you too son.\" his breathing kept getting shallower and I was getting more nervous. \"I'm sorry.\" He looked at me weakly. \"For what Max?\" \"That, that,\" I stuttered over the words, before they came out like a rush of water. \"That it took me so long to admit that I love you. You were always there for me. And I couldn't even take the time to return a phone call. And now you're dying and I can't fix this. This is all my fault, and I never deserved to have a father that was as great as you were. I never deserved any of the time and love you poured into me. And I'm sorry that I wasted your time. I understand if you hate me.\" \"Hate you? I would never hate you Max. You're my son, my flesh and blood. We all make mistakes sometimes. All that matters is that we fix them. And you just did. I love you so much son. And I forgive you.\" he whispered, before passing peacefully, taking one last breath. \"I love you too daddy. I love you too.\" I cried. I watched as they took out life support, even though he was already gone. How many times did I wish for him to be out of my life? How many times had I yelled at him him the words I hate you? And now he was gone. He was gone forever and I had no reason to be happy. None at all. He was finally out of my life and it was all my fault. I flopped down on the chair next to my dad's lifeless body and cried. I just cried. So yah... If by some random chance you have read my other stories you may have noticed they can be extremely sad and/or depressing. Well hope you enjoyed! Please review and look out for the next chapter! Best Regards, PFT3000 ","Summary":" Hello everyone, and welcome to the most depressing story you will ever read! So I'm new to this fan"},{"Movie":"A Goofy Movie","Title":"After Today","Author":"IZZY-CHAN13","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12754829","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It's been a couple of weeks since my dad left to spend the rest of his happy life with the librarian, Ms. Mar-pole-ey. Er, I mean Marpole. Wasn't her name \"Sylvia\" or something? Whatever. I'm glad that he found the right one after so long. I really am! It's been a while since I had a mother. Heh heh. Man, the sun's making me kinda tired. I shuffle to the blinds and mess with the drawstrings until the orange light disappears from the room. The cotton feels good on my nose, cushioning my fall to the bed, \"You did good, Max. You did good.\" I wrap arms around my pillow and bury my face in there for a minute, trying to get a wink of sleep… \"Hey Max! \" I let out a tiny groan as the wheat field disappears from my view again. Thrown back into nothing but a black hole, my hands reach for the edge of the mattress before I push my hand out of the cushion. My muzzle made a funny looking imprint, from what my half-shut eyes could see, \"Yeah Bobby,—I yawn, \"What is it?\" My aching neck won't support my skull; my head fell into the pillow again. Another groan. I really didn't want to get up this time. \"What are you lying around for? Come on Max the night is young—He's shaking my shoulders again. Okay. So you may be asking, have I been plain lazy since we beat the Gammas at the X-Games? \"Fine! I'll get up on my own thanks!\" The blood rush to my brain knocks me out of balance. Well, no. I'm having a good summer so far. The rigorous practice cut itself down to a casual joyride. The same adrenaline drives me to greater heights, literally! And that look on his face—A laugh wakes me from my dry spell. Popularity soaring since we won. The trophy that my dad can show off to everyone— I'm feeling good right now! Oh wait. The feeling's gone. Dammit. \"Aw. Look at the little champion. He's studying.\" The book is knocked out of my hands. I whirl my head up to glare straight into dark blue pools. His Gamma Geeks start laughing. All I want to do is punch 'Bradley Uppercrust the Third' in the face. My teeth grit and I stand up, keeping my eyes level to his. \"Max. Ignore them. Sit down.\" PJ's tugging at my shirt. The ex-X Games King kept that smug little smirk, chuckling at his oh-so-clever stunt. I know he hates me for beating him , fair and square. \"Is there a problem, Baby Goof?\" \"Yeah, Brad . I think there is.\" Peej stood up and gripped my shoulder. I turn my head as he's shaking his own side to side. \"Dog Boy needs his biscotti friend to calm down? What a loose cannon!\" Tank looked at me differently from the others. He knows that we saved him. But even as we let bygones be bygones, I can't forget that he's on the other team. The Gamma House became, and still is, the sole target for hate, rancor. We could never be friends, even if we tried. \"I think we've had our daily fix. Let's pack it up!\" Much less with their retard of a leader… I thought they kicked him out? I growl and settle down on the stone bench. Apparently not. \"Are you all right, Max?\" I forgot to mention my ravings and rants throughout the preparation of the X-Games. Every other day I'd have something to complain about; usually the subject revolved around Uppercrust. Bobby, at some point, got himself entertained with other aspects of the college life. He's more interested in checking out girls than hear my bitching. It's embarrassing really. So now the only one that puts up with my frustration is my buddy Peej. Since we were kids in Spoonerville, we'd have the best of times—the worst of times and everything in between. Both of us put up with our overbearing fathers until we graduated from high school. Ha ha! And my dad decided to spend a year here to finish his education. I should have noticed a lack of a diploma when I was 11. But to be honest, if it wasn't for him, we would have been disqualified. I'm glad he got through my \"get your own life\" phase. That was the lowest point I ever had with him since that camping trip… Back when, I was in… I'm a guy like every other. I got hormones. And when you look at a pretty girl you can't help but stare at them as they walk by. It's their fault for wearing shorts and skirts. I know what the ideal woman is from knowing PJ's mother. Debbie was a crazy, ugly looking cousin, but turned out to be a bombshell from what I could remember. Getting all cleaned up for her and everything. Heh heh heh. And then there was her. Roxanne. She was beautiful, inside and out. The wheat field in my dreams under that light blue sky remind me of her… That summer at the end of my sophomore year marked the beginning of our relationship. \"Puppy Love\", my dad would say as a joke. My feelings for Roxanne were strong even as we spent our last days together in senior year. Like any couple we had some fights, usually because there was something on her mind that she would never tell me, no matter how many times I asked. But then I would see it in her eyes, something was wrong. Eventually people were noticing my growing talent in skateboarding and other athletics, and they told me, \"Max you're so good! Have you ever checked out the College X-Games?\" \"No!\" I'd tell them. Then they told me to watch ESPN. So I did. I was floored by all the cool stunts they were doing. The Gammas were the best. I admired the X-Games King at first. He was everything I ever wanted to be: A superior athlete with decent looks, above everything and everyone, admired by all. Popular! I found out too late that he was a jerk. A complete jackass. Back to Roxanne before I crack. \"I got a scholarship for college! Can you believe it?!\" The tightest hug I ever gave her before spinning her around; I was just getting taller than her, and I think I almost choked her from the enthusiasm \"Max! Put me down!\" \"Oh Roxanne this is what I've always dreamed about!\" \"It's all you've been dreaming about?\" \"Yeah, what . . . ?\" I didn't know what to say after that. Her head stayed on her chest. The only thing I could do was kneel under her and give her a kiss on the lips. Hers were shaking, and I felt a tear on my cheek… \"Mmmph.—Ha… haa.\" It's happening again. The excitement was too much—I had to wake up. It began to throb again; l locked my knees together to get it to stop. There are some nights when I love my hormones. And then there are others when I hate them. Dreaming about your first love, now at a time when you get the basics of \"that\", is kinda disturbing. It seemed, back then, we were too good for that. And even now, I respect women. I swore not to let my primal instincts take over before marriage. And then have kids of our own. I'll make sure not to overprotect them like my dad did… But, maybe, even that… \"Nggh!\" What the hell was that?! I shot up in my bed before wringing my hands at the warm cloth. I kept on throbbing and throbbing. It wouldn't stop! It won't stop! I fell off the bed and I hear Bobby snort in his sleep. I clamber up to my feet and nearly stumble into the bathroom. I'm careful to click the door shut and turn on the fan before I curse at myself and see my red cheeks in the mirror, \"Calm down!\" Please calm down! Was it because I kept on obsessing over—?! \"Max you're so stupid—I hate this!\" I didn't care what hell time it was. I took off everything I had and delved into a cold shower to get rid of all the sweat— Just perfect! \"Just fuckin' perfect.\" I don't think they heard me with my head buried in my crossed arms. \"Cheer up buddy. You're not the only one with freaky dreams.\" I never told them exactly what I dreamed about. \"Yeah Max don't let it ruin your day!\" I sit up, \"But what if it is?!\" Our professor glared at us three before clearing his throat. Lucky me to have Brad in the same class this summer session. I can see him from the corner of my eye, smiling at our interrupting of the class. I can't wait when he graduates next year. Good riddance. I groan and bury my head in my arms again, not even paying attention to our lecture on Freudian Theology—or whatever the hell that old man was blabbing on about. He's not the same guy as last year, but man his voice is so boring! God! It took forever until I heard the shuffling of papers and the shutting of notebooks. The zipping of backpacks and the click of tote bags. The light shone through the windows on the chalkboard, orange and a muddy green. I'm all ready for bed, \"Max.\" Peej tapped on my shoulder, \"Time to go.\" I let out a sigh before reaching down to get my pack, \"I'll catch up with you later.\" I'm dead tired. My friend gives me a strange look and shrugs his shoulders, \"If you catch up, I'll be at the Bean Scene. Bobby said he'd be at some free rock concert around campus.\" \"I think, I'll just go back to the dorm and sleep.\" \"But that's all you've been doing lately!\" \"I don't sleep very well.\" I push myself off of the desk and sway around for a bit before regaining balance on my sore feet. \"Suit yourself. Um, do you think that we should, I dunno, go out on a road trip during the weekend or something, get some fresh air?\" I sigh deeply and look away from him, \"It's fine, Peej.\" We were the only people in the room. And now I was the only one. The sun was setting even lower, but I kept on staring at nothing. The screech of a nearby car outside snaps me out of my trance. I trudge up the steps and push the door open. I must have tripped on the bottom of a post because the next thing I knew I was on the ground, chin hitting the concrete, \" Ouch! \" I can see a shoe in front of my face and it threatened to kick me— I roll out of the way quickly and jump off the ground to see an all-too-familiar silhouette, red-orange shining the side of his prissy sweater— \"What the hell do you want?!\" I wasn't so tired anymore. \"What I always wanted to do since we met— The collar of my shirt's pulled up to his giant chin, \"beat you.\" I push him off me and block a blow to my jaw. I came under and punched him in the stomach—It was almost satisfying until I felt my back rammed up against the wall, the back of my head was about to go numb— \"Make this easy for the two of us, freshman . Get the fuck out of here. Transfer out of this campus so that I never see your mug again.\" My eyes widen. I never heard him swear before. \"Because, the next time I see it—the next time when we're all alone—I'll break it in!\" The grip is suddenly released and he whirls around and leaves, but not down the stone steps. Like a thief he disappears 'round the corner of the building. My shallow breathing made my heart pound violently, for more reasons than one. I shake my head and wrench onto my pack's strap and practically run down the steps, grating my teeth together and only wanting to see Brad in a pool of his own blood— \"oof!\" The flutter of papers and a couple of books— \" Watch it! \" I growl. I'm about to push this guy to the ground—this guy with red hair… Dammit, it's a girl. Despite my sudden poisonous fantasies I kneel down begrudgingly to help pick up after her. Our hands touch, and through my glove I feel a wonderful warmth . . . A warmth. \"I'm sorry.\" \"It's okay.\" Our eyes peer up at one another. They lock. Her face is in shock. I recognize that beauty mark anywhere. \"Roxanne.\" I breathe—my heart beat even faster than before. Something caught in my throat, but I didn't care— \" Roxanne! Oh!\" I knock her down on the bare sidewalk with a big hug, careful not to hit her head. All the feelings from the past washed over me in an older body—a taller body—she felt like a child in my arms, \"Max?!—I let her go so that she could catch her breath. I stand up and take her hand in mine lifting her off the ground and giving her a more civil embrace, \"It's so good to see you again I can't believe it!\" A finger comes in between our lips. \" . . . Is it really you?\" more sad than happy. \"Yeah, Roxanne! It's me—Max—don't you remember me?\" I broke into a humored smile. \"I do.\" Didn't she used to be more bubbly and excited when we saw each other? \"What are you doing here I thought you had gone to another campus?\" I can't even pause between my words; I felt elated. Her hair got shorter. She's covering more of her skin too. Her shorts became loose jeans. \"I did, Max. Stacey moved up here with her family and decided to transfer over. I came with her to visit for a couple of days. This is my last night.\" \"Well how is she? Why are you walking around here by yourself? You were trying to find me, weren'tcha?\" A playful nudge on her shoulder, like old times. She finally smiled, \"I didn't think I would find you. At all.\" Then she slowly hung her head, again. A lump caught in my throat again; I had to swallow it down. \"Roxanne.\" My fingers cup her chin and raise her brown eyes to mine. I want nothing more than to kiss her again, \"I'll take you to the dorm. Come on.\" I pick up her stuff and offer her my arm to wrap herself around. \"I'm fine, thanks.\" She's walking ahead of me. \"You're walking the wrong way!\" I laugh. \"Oh. Sorry.\" \"Don't be!\" Cappuccino's almost ready. I tell the machine to work faster under my breath. From the corner of my eye I can see Roxanne prodding at the scone I got her, \"Did I catch you at a bad time? Period maybe?\" I chuckle at my own joke. It seemed easier to be myself around her, not having to carry around my façade of the goody-two-shoe kid on campus. I was more mischievous towards her as we reached our senior year together. But I'd always draw the line wherever hands were concerned. I wouldn't dare touch her inappropriately, even now . . . Coffee's done. Damn she's silent tonight. Like before we had an argument. I'd always ask her, \"What's wrong?\" \"Nothing.\" \"Are you sure?\" \"I'm sure.\" \"Roxanne…\" I forget about that endless cycle, \"So how's your dad? College done you in yet?\" \"He's fine. College is good. I'm getting good grades…\" \"Higher GPA than mine, I bet!\" Then she grins. I wish it could stay. I feel like reminiscing, \"Did you miss me?\" \"Did you , miss me? \" I never noticed the bags under her eyes, like we suffered from the same spell of insomnia. The way she asked me the question made me nervous. \"Of course! Wh- What makes you think otherwise?\" The hand holding the mug begins to shake, \"ow!\" The hot water went into my gloves. \"Are you all right, Max?\" Roxanne's holding my hand in hers. I'm about to melt, \"I've always missed you.. I still dream of the field.\" \"What field are you talking about?\" I bite my tongue down; I had let my sophomoric fantasies slip out of my big mouth. Her brows come together. I'm not liking her expression right now. \"Look Max. I'm not surprised if you've gone and seen other girls. I don't care if you still see them after I'm gone.\" What? \"Roxanne—The chair scrapes the floor as I find myself kneeling before her—\"Don't go. Not yet.\" \"But I'm not leaving yet. Max, what are you doing?\" My lips were pressed against her knuckles, palm, wrist. In a blur my eyes look up to her face before making contact with her own. As I stood up I took her by the waist and held her close, letting myself get lost in her scent. \"Max! Stop it! \" She's wiping her mouth, her pupils shrunken down. Roxanne's trying to get away. \"Please don't go. But what do you mean I can't see you again?\" \"A lot's been going on and I can't take you with me!\" \"Roxanne, please—I'll even transfer out of this campus— A sharp slap—\"Come back to your senses, Goof!\" I let go, shaking. She's petrified in fear… of me. \"Roxanne. What have I done wrong now?\" \"It's not what you did! It never was!\" I choke on a gasp. Why am I crying? I wipe my tears before she sees them— \"I know I did something wrong Roxanne! If you would just tell me!\" You never tell me! The umber flared into lava under the iridescent lights, \"Max!\" I see her leaning on the kitchen counter for support, lips shaking and face pale as if she were about to throw up, \"I was raped! \" \"No. No, you weren't.\" I couldn't understand why a chuckle was coming from my own throat. \" Max! Listen to me!\" I'm lounging around on the couch and stifling my laughs. All of a sudden Roxanne's right next to me, \"Max— mmph! — \"No. You're too good. You're an angel.\" My right hand runs forever through her hair, dark and tight. I hear a sob within my chest, I feel the tears. Lying on top of me, my angel wrapped her arms around my neck and spoke, \"Max . . . Do you remember? When everyone told you how good you were, in skateboarding.\" I can only give her a kiss on the head, \"Yeah.\" \"I got jealous.\" Of who? \"Of your passion.\" \"Why didn't you tell me? If I ignored you because I got caught up in sports, you could have told me.\" I turn over so that our eyes are the same height from the ground. We're pressed against the couch, holding onto each other for dear life. \"I got depressed for a while… and then… he— \"Hey Roxanne. How 'bout Stacey's party?\" \"We were juniors, Max, when it happened. I was so stupid to let him comfort me, hold me. Because, at that point, I wasn't getting any of that from you. You kept on obsessing over some 'Bradley Uppercrust'— In a pool of his own blood. \"Roxanne. Don't mention that name again. I don't want to hear it.\" Her eyelids raise a bit and she nods her head, \"Okay.\" I finally got a kiss from her dry lips, covered with salt. I didn't want to hear the rest. Good thing, because she was never going to tell me. It was her turn to comfort me when I burst into tears when the truth sank in… \"I want you—I want to be with you forever… Marry me.\" My eyes blur over and fog out as I held on tighter . . . Marry me. \"Please don't go.\" My arms are wrapped around my pillow. The sun shone yellow on my bedroom wall. Lazy eyes scanned the nightstand. The analog clock reads 7:20AM. I could hear the snoring of my roommates. I stare at the ceiling for the longest time before stretching out my arms and legs—one of them got a severe cramp, \"ff—- owow ow—\" I let the blood circulate so the pain would go away. All that was just a dream. I groan and sit myself up on the bed. After standing I stretch out even more and breathe in as much oxygen as I can. I exhale and shuffle to the bathroom, turn on the faucet and rinse my damp face. The cold water burned my cheek. It stung, \" What? \" Face wet, dripping of all the sweat and tears I shed, I spot a red mark in the mirror right where her hand had struck. Was I still in a dream, or in a living nightmare? ","Summary":" It's been a couple of weeks since my dad left to spend the rest of his happy life with the libraria"},{"Movie":"A Goofy Movie","Title":"Roxanne's Story","Author":"bennovotny","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12430416","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1: Charlie 1 Hey everyone, this is Roxanne, Max's girlfriend from \"A Goofy Movie\". Since the film was told through the point of view of Max and his dad, I decided to write a little bit about myself and \"AGF\" from my perspective. I mean come on, I was the tritagonist of the entire film, and I only got to speak for what, five minutes? I moved to Spoonerville, a suburb of New York, from New York itself with my parents about a year ago. I hated leaving New York-the sights, the sounds, just the whole business of it all. I especially miss Central Park, which was just down the street from our three-story brownstone on West 83rd Street. Spoonerville is ok, but it's nothing compared to living in The Big Apple. My mom never appears in \"AGF\" because she's working all the time. She is a senior partner at a Downtown New York law firm. I can't say I know exactly what type of law my mom does, but I do know she has a lot of famous clients-Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, Sebastian from \"The Little Mermaid\"-pretty much anyone who is really big in the Disney universe. She graduated from Harvard Law School magna cum laude, top of her class, valedictorian and all. I look up to my mom for all of her achievements. I mean, who else can say that their mom graduated from Harvard, of all places? Still, that doesn't mean that we get along all the time. My mom can be extremely strict. I feel that she's always keeping an eye on me making sure I don't get into trouble even though I haven't done anything that would even remotely put me in juvenile hall. I guess I'm sort of biased towards Daddy cause he pretty much lets me do whatever I want. Daddy used to work as a security guard at McDuck Tower back in New York while back but he got injured on the job. I know you probably don't like Daddy that much because of the way he treated Max. He can be so overprotective sometimes. But he's really not that bad once you get to know him. He can actually be very sweet. 2 There's also something else you should know about me, and that is I have an older brother. Had an older brother. Charlie was the best big brother a little sister could have. Most big brothers view their little sisters as a nuisance, but not Charlie. He was my rock. I could always knock on his door down the hall and talk to him about whatever was going on in my world. I must have sat on Charlie's bed a million times going on and on about whatever stupid problem I has having. But Charlie would listen. And he would try to cheer me up. And he would always say something that would make me smile. If it wasn't for Charlie, my name wouldn't be Roxanne. A few days after the day I was born my parents wrapped me up and took me from home from the hospital. My crib was ready, my room was covered with wallpaper of bunnies, ducklings, and baby lambs, and I had lots and lots of toys. But there was one thing I was missing, and that was an actual name. As my mom went through a list of names I screamed like crazy. I'm sure I screamed the loudest when she came up with Marta, which is just like her name Martha except without the H. Meanwhile, Charlie who was seven at the time was practicing on the piano. All of a sudden he starts playing \"Roxanne\"by The Police and I began to smile and laugh. That's when my parents decided that Roxanne was the name for me. It's kind of like how Beethoven got his name now that I think about it. What's even more amazing is that Charlie didn't even have the sheet music for the song. Here was this seven year old kid, and by just looking at the keys was able to imitate a song he had just learned on the radio. Music was Charlie's life, his desire, and his passion. His dream was to become a music superstar, traveling the world, performing in front of billions of people. From the time I turned 1 Charlie would sing to me on my birthday. And it would always be a different song, so whenever my birthday was just around the corner, the thing I anticipated the most (besides the presents of course) was which song my big brother would sing. It was Charlie who introduced me to Powerline. One day he burst into my room with this new album and placed it on my record player. It was from this new artist named Powerline. Nobody on our block knew who he was, but Charlie was convinced he was going to be the biggest mustical artist the world had ever known. Listening to the opening music was very uplifting, and then there were the lyrics. Got myself a notion And one I'll know that you'll understand To set the world in motion By reaching out for each other's hand All of a sudden I felt like dancing. I got up and just started dancing around. Just me and my big brother dancing throughout the entire song. We danced throughout the entire album. And then we danced to it again. And again. Until my mom told us we had to go to go to bed because it was already midnight and we had school the next day. Now whenever I get stressed or have a bad day I just put an album on my record player and let the music control me. I hope to become a professional dancer someday. That is my number one dream. 3 Charlie died one late October morning when I was nine. I woke up that morning to old time swing music. I came downstairs and there was Charlie dancing with mom in the kitchen. Charlie looked a lot like the Fonz, what with his greasy slick black hair, leather jacket, blue denim jeans and black boots. My mom looks a lot like me, except her hair is short and the same color as Charlie's, and she wore a blue pantsuit. As soon as Charlie saw me he swooped down to pick me up. He held my tiny hand and we started dancing to the music. \"Hey kiddo! Did you get taller last night?\" I giggled. \"Oh I think you did\", he said smiling. \"And more beautiful. I'm gonna have to hire a few bodyguards to keep all the boys away\". \"Now Charlie, there will be plenty of time for boys\", said mom as she placed bacon and eggs for me on the kitchen table. \"Where's Daddy?\" I asked. \"He had work early this morning\", said my mom as she poured herself coffee. As I dug in Charlie sat down next to me. \"You got a type? You know I started to have a type at your age\". Charlie was very popular with the ladies. They adored him. He wasn't necessarily what I would call a \"ladies man\", but he did have a lot of girlfriends. Some of them were cool, some of them were mean, but what they all had in common was that Charlie was the greatest. I gulped the eggs and thought for a moment. \"I guess I would want someone who could sing and dance as well as Powerline, but it's not like that will ever happen.\" My mom's coffee mug crashed onto the floor. \"Oh my God!\" screamed my mom, her eyes wide and her fingers to her mouth. \"The jury selection for Mr. Toad's case! It's in 10 minutes!\" \"Mom relax\", said Charlie. \"Don't worry about it, I'll take Roxanne to school\". \"Will you? Oh, thank you so much Charlie you're a lifesaver\". As Charlie and my mom were talking all my 9-year old self could think was-YAAAAAAAYYY! The Thunderbird! The Thunderbird! I get to ride in the Thunderbird! Charlie drove this gorgeous yellow 1955 Ford Thunderbird convertible, and I loved it. I loved the wind blowing through my hair and seeing the beautiful moon glow as the car drove throughout the night as the two of us sang along to whatever was on the radio. Often Charlie would take me to a drive through movie, and we would watch the movie in the Thunderbird along with our burgers, fries, and milkshakes. I raced down the steps outside and got to the car before Charlie did. He put the keys into the ignition, and with the push of a button the top slowly came off. I closed my eyes and felt the cool breeze across my face as the car careened down the street. The leaves were beginning to fall, a few of them on my face, which caused me to giggle. Halloween was just around the corner, but I was still undecided about what I was going to be going as. I thought about going as Madonna, but Mom thought that was too inappropriate for my age. I still had a few days to come up with something. Charlie parked the Thunderbird right in front of PS 407 just as the bell rang. I jumped out and was running to class when Charlie called out to me. \"Yo, Roxanne!\" He got out of the car and took off his leather jacket. \"I want you to have this\". He kneeled down in front of me, laying the jacket across my shoulders and putting my arms through the sleeves, I was speechless. I had always wanted a leather jacket just like Charlie's. \"Wow\", he said. \"You look like a rock star! Wait till all the boys see this!\" \"But Charlie, you love this jacket\", I said. \"Besides, I think it might be a little too big\". \"Nah, you'll grow into it kiddo\", he said. \"I don't need it anymore\". He tilted his head to a small puddle. \"Go have a look\". I went to take a look at myself. Although it was a little big, I thought the jacket looked pretty cool on me. For fun I did a little modeling pose. The bell rang again and I ran to Charlie to give him a great big hug. \"Thanks big brother\", I said. 4 My leather jacket was a huge hit at school that day. At lunch a ton of kids came up to me to ask me about it. How much did it cost? Where did I get it? Was it made of real leather? My jacked was all anyone could really talk about. That is, until we heard the sirens. We all rushed to the fence to see a cop car racing down the street, its sirens flashing in broad daylight. And then another cop car rushed by. And then another. And then at last an ambulance rushed past us, so I knew something terrible had happened. But it never crossed my mind that it was something that would affect me. 5 After lunch Mrs. Lane was lecturing the class about fractions, emphasizing that we would be tested on it the next day. \"Ms. Reed!\" she shouted at me in her thick Eastern European accent. \"Quit passing notes in my class and solve the problem on the board!\" Hey, I thought, I wasn't passing notes in class, Jessica Stein was the one who started it. I just happened to have the note in my hand when she was looking. But nobody dared argue with Mrs. Lane. I have no memory of what the problem was that was on the board. All I remember was that I got it wrong. \"Ay yay yay! You kids and you're stupid computers!\" Whenever we got a question wrong, she always blamed it on the \"stupid computers\". I went back to my seat embarrassed. Just as Mrs. Lane was about to ask another student to solve the problem, Ms. Kniss, one of the school counselors, came into the room. I thought Ms. Kniss was very pretty. She seriously could have been a model. \"What are you doing interrupting my class?\" asked Mrs. Lane while angrily pointing her ruler at Ms. Kniss. Ms. Kniss walked over and whispered in Mrs. Lane's ear. As she did so, Mrs. Lane's expression transformed from one of anger to one of shock. She dropped the ruler to the floor. I thought I saw them both looking over at me. \"Roxanne, can you come with me to my office?\" said Ms. Kniss. Shouts of \"ooooohh\" and \"Roxanne's in trouble\" and laughter filled the class as I left it. I could hear Mrs. Lane shouting at the other kids to pay attention as Ms. Kniss and I walked down the hallway to her office. To me it was a long walk to the guillotine. My heart pounded hard inside my chest. I had never felt so nervous in my whole life. I knew that I was in trouble, but what was I in trouble for? My mind drew a blank. Ms. Kniss was quiet the whole way to her office. She turned on the light and we stepped inside. \"I have some chocolate chip cookies\", said Ms. Kniss as she closed the door. \"Would you like some?\" I was now really confused. Why was she offering me chocolate chip cookies if I was in trouble? I nodded. She went to a tray of cookies that were on her desk next to her computer. \"Ms. Kniss, am I in trouble?\" She looked over at me sympathetically. \"No Roxanne. You're not in trouble\". I was so relieved! There was nothing to worry about. \"Would you like some milk to?\" she asked. \"Yes please!\" You never have to ask a kid twice whether they want milk and cookies. I tore right into the cookie right when she set it down on the tiny round desk in her office. She pulled up a chair to sit with me. \"Is that a new jacket?\" she asked. \"Do you like it? It's my big brother's, he gave it to me this morning\". Ms. Kniss suddently became very silent. \"Y-you're brother gave that to you?\" I nodded happily. \"What time?\" \"Right before school started\", I said. \"Why?\" She got up and placed a Kleenex box on the desk. The room became very tense. I could tell something was not right. \"Ms. Kniss? What's going on?\" She sighed and gently took a hold of my hand. \"Roxanne, something, something happened to your brother\" . \"Something happened to Charlie?! Oh my God, is he hurt?\" Ms. Kniss looked me straight in the eye sympathetically. \"Roxanne\", she said with a tear in her eye, \"your brother is dead\". I was dumbfounded for a moment. I couldn't believe it. It just seemed so unreal to me. \"No, no, he can't be dead\", I said shaking my head. I was starting to get emotional. \"Your mom just called me. Roxanne I am so sorry\". I began crying. I couldn't believe my big brother was gone. \"Did mommy say how Charlie died?\" I looked up at her. Her face looked uncomfortable. \"Um, she did\". \"Was it an accident?\" I asked. \"Roxanne, this is very hard for me to tell you\"- \"WHAT DO YOU MEAN IT\"S HARD FOR YOU TO TELL ME?\" I screamed. \"TELL ME WHAT HAPPENED TO MY BIG BROTHER!\" I got off the chair and threw it over. I was fuming. Ms. Kniss bent down and put her hands on my shoulders. \"Roxanne\"- \"TELL ME WHAT HAPPENED TO CHARLIE!\" Ms. Kniss used one of her hands to brush back my hair. She sighed before continuing. \"Roxanne, do you know what a suicide is?\" I shook my head. \"A suicide is when someone ends their life intentionally. Roxanne, Charlie…your brother…he intentionally ended his life this morning\". I was very still, but the inside of me was like a raging storm. \"How?\" I asked quietly, my eyes completely welled up, shaking with rage. She sighed again. \"With a gun\". \"WHY WOULD HE DO THAT?!\" I screamed as I threw the plate and glass against the wall. I was now on the floor, wailing. \"WHY WOULD YOU DO THAT CHARLIE?! WHY WOULD YOU KILL YOURSELF?!\" I felt a large paw on my shoulder. I looked up to see Daddy, and by the look on his face I could tell that he also received the news. I went straight into his arms, sobbing into his chest. He carried me all the way to the car. I was too weak to move. The cop cars and the ambulance that had rushed past the playground were now parked right in front of our house. A few neighbors had come outside wondering what was going on. \"Rex! Roxanne!\" Mom rushed over and embraced us. She drove back home when she realized she forgot her legal briefs and was just about to walk out the door again when she heard the gun go off. I saw a black body bag being carried on a stretcher inside the ambulance. The body that had once belonged to my big brother. I ran towards it. \"Roxanne!\" my mother called out to me. I threw myself onto Charlie, and rested my head on his chest. \"I love you Charlie\", I said crying, my tiny fingers digging deeply into the leather. I had not told Charlie I loved him that morning, and it was killing me inside. \"I love you, I love you, I love you\"… The paramedics took me off the body bag and placed it inside the ambulance. \"NOO! WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!\" I screamed. \"I HAVEN'T SAID GOODBYE YET!\" The ambulance ran off down the street. I ran after it, but Daddy grabbed onto me. \"CHARLIE!\" I screamed. \"WHY DIDN'T YOU SAY GOODBYE!YOU NEVER SAID GOODBYE!\" I was now lying in the middle of the street. My whole world was shattered. 6 It puts a chill down my spine knowing that Charlie was so happy and carefree that morning because he had finally made the decision to end his life. Charlie kept his depression a secret from everyone, including my parents. I wish he would have told me about it. I wish he would have told me he was thinking of killing himself before he did it. I would have told him how much I needed him and how sad I would be if he did something like that. Didn't he understand that he could always knock on my door just like I could always knock on his? I couldn't go back to school for the rest of the semester. When my classmates heard about what happened they sent flowers and stuffed animals and homemade sympathy cards. I even got chocolate. But nothing could relive the pain of knowing that I would never see my big brother ever again. I started seeing the school shrink regularly when I came back. But it was dancing that was my real therapy. Mom enrolled me in an after school dance program. I had always wanted to join a dance program but I never thought I would be any good. Now it was no longer something I desired, it was something I needed, needed to keep my sanity and composure in check. I wish I had joined a dance program before Charlie died, because I know in my heart he would have been to every performance. The leather jacket still hangs in my closet. I haven't worn it since the day Charlie died. But I still keep it because it reminds me so much of him, that he was actually here on this Earth, that he was my big brother who loved and cared for me and believed in me. Mom ended up selling the Thunderbird. I was so mad when she did that, and still am to a degree. She kept telling me we'll get you a new car when you get your license, blah blah blah. But it wasn't about me getting Charlie's car. I didn't feel comfortable about there being a complete stranger driving the Thunderbird. It didn't feel right that someone would benefit from his suicide. The firsts are always the hardest-your first birthday without him, your first Christmas without him. My birthday was especially hard because I was so used to him singing to me, but now I would never hear his voice again. After a while time passes and it's not as painful, but I still tend to get a bit grouchy around Charlie's birthday and the anniversary of his death. Except for Stacy, nobody at Spoonerville High knows that I have an older brother who committed suicide. Although she is a chatterbox, Stacy is my best friend because I can tell her anything and she will keep it a secret, just between the two of us. There must be a million things I've told her that I've never told anyone else. That is why I think she was elected student body president. Because people know they can trust her. Charlie would have turned 21 on Saturday. But thankfully Stacey was going to throw a huge party that day, so that would help me get my mind off things. Powerline was doing his first concert in two years, his first since the molestation allegations (which are totally bogus by the way) so for every kid at school, heck every kid on the entire planet, this was a must-see event. Stacy told me there would be dancing at the party, and suggested that I bring a date. As the last day of school approached I still didn't have someone to go to the party with. But I knew exactly whom I was going to ask. ","Summary":" Chapter 1: Charlie 1 Hey everyone, this is Roxanne, Max's girlfriend from \"A Goofy Movie\". Since "},{"Movie":"A Goofy Movie","Title":"Second Glance","Author":"SilentOutcast666","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12432620","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"I still can't believe that you and I will sophomores next year.\" Stacey walked with her fraternal twin sister down the sidewalk, whose hair was a messy black and her figure was a bit wider. \"Yeah I know. It felt like yesterday we just started high school huh?\" Skylar playfully tilted Stacey's hat forward. \"Hey! Stop it. It's annoying enough at home.\" \"Alright alright. Fine. You're no fun you know that?\" She fixed her two sizes too big black t-shirt and stopped to retie her sneakers. Stacy groaned. \"I thought you tied them before we left?\" \"I did! Or at least I think I did.\" She sighed. \"Didn't mom tell you to wear a proper fitting shirt? An extra small?\" \"Shh..\" Skylar stood back up and fixed the belt on her baggy jeans. \"Hey. They match.\" She gestured then smirked. \"So do you have any plans for next year?\" \"Actually yes. As student body president, I think it would be a great idea to promote unfilled positions. And I know just the person to ask.\" \"Who? Oh no. No no no no no! Count me out.\" Skylar walked quicker down the sidewalk. \"Oh come on. It will be fun.\" Stacey ran up to her. \"Passing out flyers, writing columns in the school newsletter, and you'll love the whole outcome of it. Trust me. 'You know who'..\" Stacey quoted with her fingers. \"..might read them and notice how great of a writer you are.\" She slyly smiled. \"What are you talking about?\" Skylar lightly blushed and her sister rolled her eyes. \"Come on Sky. I'm talking about Max.\" Her sister dreamily sighed then shook her head. \"We're just friends remember? Besides, He likes Roxanne. I'm not forcing pressure on him.\" \"It's not pressure at all. Even if it was, you aren't the jealous type remember?\" \"Good point.\" They both shrugged while walking onto the school grounds. \"But you'll need far more than a makeover if things do even out.\" \"I do not! I look like a boy. So what? Don't judge a book by its cover. I'll see you in homeroom.\" \"Fine. Just don't be late. I'm not going to cover you this time!\" She called out. Skylar ran over to her group of friends. \"Hey guys. What's up?\" \"H..Hey Skylar. Cheese?\" Bobby offered her a can of cheddar cheese. \"Uh no thanks.\" He shrugged and squirted it in his mouth. She rolled her eyes and lightly smiled at Max, who did the same. \"Did you bring the camera PJ?\" He nodded. \"This had better work. If my dad finds out, this summer will be my last.\" \"You worry too much. This will be the best end of the year assembly ever!\" PJ gulped. \"Have you seen my dad? He's huge!\" \"Oh come on. He can't possibly get mad at a sweet and innocent girl like me.\" She made a puppy dog face and fluttered her eyes. Max smirked. \"I don't think he'd buy that. Even my dad can't talk to him without stammering.\" PJ grabbed Bobby by the shoulder towards the school building as he noticed Skylar nervously taking her phone from her pocket. \"So uh..Do you have any plans this summer Sky?\" \"Not really. My mom just wants me to stay off of the sofa so I don't know. How about you?\" \"Ah I don't know. Maybe go down to the skate park or something.\" He shrugged. \"The world is getting duller by the minute. Oh well. Tag. You're it.\" She playfully shoved him and ran into the school. Max laughed and went to chase after her when he saw Roxanne slowly approaching him. \"Hi Max.\" She softly smiled. \"Oh..H..Hey.\" He quickly blinked. \"So uh..Do you have any plans this summer?\" \"Actually yeah. My parents and I are traveling out of state for a reunion. A whole week. It's at one of those camping grounds with a lake for swimming and everything.\" \"That's cool.\" Max tried to respond cooly. \"I hope you have fun.\" He sighed and dragged himself into the building. \"Great. Why did I even bother asking in the first place?\" Max walked into homeroom just as the last bell rang and sat across from Skylar. His arms rested on the desk and he lay his head down on them. While the teacher was taking attendance, She blinked and took out a small paper ninja star from her pocket, flicking it at him. Max sighed as it landed against his arm. \"Skylar Kress?\" She rolled her eyes and lazily rose her hand. \"Max Goof?\" He did the same. Skylar lay her head on her arms too. \"Hey. You alright?\" Her voice was above her usual monotone. \"No.\" He glared then sighed. \"Okay. Roxanne said she's having this family get together or whatever after school's out. It's out of state.\" His glare dropped. \"Oh I see. The week will go by before you know it.\" \"I hope so.\" \"Hey. I know so.\" The bell rang minutes later and they both stood up. *Will all Freshman students please report to the auditorium* A voice announced over the loudspeakers. Skylar smiled. \"Good luck. You'll be great.\" \"Thanks. And I know.\" Max winked as they were lost in a crowd of students once the auditorium door opened. \"Kress!\" She turned her head. \"Over here!\" Her body sat in one of the chairs behind one of the guys who liked to tease her. Kevin. \"What?\" \"Well look at you. I wouldn't have recognized you man.\" \"Shut up. You know I'm a girl.\" He shrugged. \"Touché.\" The students quieted down once Stacey walked onto the stage and stood behind a large podium, testing the microphone. \"As student body president, I just want to say like \"yea\" to all of us for a really neat year.\" Skylar clapped along with the other students then rolled her eyes as a nerd was hollering at her. \"You'd think they'd pull together the connection by now that they have no chance.\" Kevin muttered. \"I know right?\" \"And also that I hope you can all attend my totally amazing end-of-school party next Saturday to watch the Powerline concert live on Pay-per-view.\" Stacey continued followed by cheers from the students. \"Thank you. Thank you very much. And now, without further ado, Principal Mazur.\" She walked behind a red curtain. Kevin, Skylar, and a few other students 'booed' as he tested the microphone. Principal Mazur rolled his eyes and cleared his throat. \"Thank you Stacey! And good morning boys and girls! You know, every year on the last day of school, I have several youngsters approach me and say, \"Principal Mazur, What can we do to not waste our summer vacation? We don't want to waste our free time sleeping or visiting friends...\" \"Then maybe you shouldn't have given us so much homework!\" She almost shouted. \"They can't comprehend that kind of stuff remember?\" Kevin turned back to her. \"Silly me. I completely forgot.\" They both snickered. \"How about..Science Slumber Parties?\" The group of students continued to protest but stopped as the spotlight blacked out. \"Yes!\" She whispered. \"Wha? Hey?\" The curtain rolled up to reveal a huge screen, which later revealed Max. \"I'm not going to..\" Before he could finish, Bobby opened a trap door in which Principal Mazur fell through. Max began lip syncing to Powerline in a full cosplay. Skylar smiled. \"Some people settle for the typical thing. Living all their lives waiting in the wings. It ain't a question of if, just a matter of time before I move to the front of the line. I watch you watching every move that I gotta believe that I got what it takes!\" Max tripped on some wires and broke through the screen. He noticed Roxanne in the audience and smiled. \"If I make you stop and take a look at me instead of just walking by. There's nothing that I wouldn't do if it was getting you to notice I'm alive.\" Skylar squinted her eyes noticing Bobby placed a hook on Max's pants and clapped. He flew around the auditorium now only caring about the attention. The music began to play. \"To stand out above the crowd. Even if I gotta shout out loud. 'Til mine is the only face you'll see. Gonna..\" \"Yes!\" Skylar rose out of her seat as Max's hand was going to touch Roxanne's but didn't. The music died and the lights came back on. The group of students protested louder but stopped as Principal Mazur removed Max's glasses. \"Ah!\" The rope failed to hold him up and he fell onto the ground. Skylar clenched her teeth and looked away. Instead of obeying the rules and carrying on to her next class, She hid behind a wall as two hall monitors left down the corner behind them. She blinked and quietly walked past a group of lockers. 'If I were the principal's office, Where would I be? Ah here we go.' The girl peered through a window and saw Bobby in a chair making a replica of The Leaning Tower of Pisa out of, what else?, cheese. PJ nervously twiddled his thumbs. 'Where's Max? Oh no. Don't tell me he was sent home already.' Skylar smacked her forehead. 'He did fall from a bit of a height. Try the nurse's office.' \"Do you have a hall pass missy?\" She turned around and took out a green piece of paper with nothing on it, considering they never actually check it and work their job around a student's own honesty. \"That was close.\" She whispered and walked inside to find Max sitting on a table with a scowl. \"Hey.\" \"Yeah hey.\" Max drawled. \"What happened?\" \"What do you think happened!? First I was humiliated in front of the whole school. Roxanne now only sees me as another clone of my dad or something, and now since Bobby couldn't hold onto the stupid rope, I think my arm is broken.\" Although still hurt from his words, She placed a hand on his shoulder. He sighed. \"I couldn't think of a lousier way to end a school year. I still have to face my dad.\" She blinked then patted him on the back. \"If you have to get a cast, Can I be the first to sign it?\" Max couldn't help but laugh. \"Sure. Just nothing girly on it.\" \"Well Max, It seems that from the little stunt you and your friends pulled, your arm needs to be put in a cast for the next month and a half. Meaning no skateboarding, no swimming, no amusement park rides, and no rough housing. The more bed rest the better.\" A female nurse held out his right arm and wrapped it in a cast. He rolled his eyes as he could barely move his fingers. \"Do I have to go back to class?\" \"Well considering there is only two minutes left of the day, you don't have to. But I'll have to call your father.\" \"Great.\" He sulked once the nurse had left. \"And now I'm without a hand.\" He tried to flex his fingers against the bandage but couldn't. \"What else can go wrong?\" The school bell rang and students charged down the hallway. PJ and Bobby squeezed through the crowd and landed face first into the office. \"Ah there ya went! How'd it go?\" \"Don't you 'How did it go?' me! Because you couldn't hold the rope, my arm is busted! And you two are going to help me through it for the next month.\" \"Next month?\" They both replied with wide eyes. \"I uh..would love to help a pal out..but uh..I promised PJ I would teach him some new skateboarding tricks.\" \"Y..Yeah. And I promised Bobby I would..help him with some Powerline choreography.\" They both slowly backed up then ran down the hall. \"Are you serious!? Can this day get any worse? I have chores to do, job applications to plan out..\" \"I could help you out. My parents want me to get off of the sofa anyway remember?\" She hummed. \"Really?\" \"Well yeah. Isn't that what true friends do for each other?\" Skylar replied irritated and picked up his backpack, holding it on her other shoulder. \"I can carry it Sky. I have another arm.\" \"I know. But better be safe than sorry.\" She sent Stacey a text saying she would be home a few minutes late. Max sighed and carefully walked beside her. \"You know what I think would hit the spot?\" He shrugged. \"I don't know.\" Skylar smiled. \"Come on Max. You remember. The two Ps?\" \"Oh! Now I remember! Pizza and Powerline!\" \"That's my boy.\" The girl sighed as she checked the school cross walk. \"It's on me. But I do have one request.\" \"Uh oh.\" \"The nurse did say to be careful so maybe we should find something else to do so you don't start dancing.\" Max sighed. \"You have a point. We'll find something.\" Skylar handed him his backpack once they reached his house. \"Anything is possible. I'm going home to pack one of my bags and I'll be right back.\" \"Cool. See ya then.\" He waved with his other hand. The front door of the house opened and his dad ran out in a panic. \"Are you alright Maxie? Gawrsh I drove as quickly as I could home and..\" \"It's alright dad. I'm fine. Besides, Skylar and I are going to order pizza and take it easy.\" He sighed in relief. \"Well I can't wait to meet 'im. No better way to end the school year with yer best bud.\" Max blinked. \"Uh dad?\" Goofy went to the car to take out a brown bag of groceries. \"Yeah Maxie?\" \"Skylar is a girl. She's Stacey's sister. Roxanne is going out of town for a week. Bobby and PJ left me hanging.\" \"Ouch. Well I'm sure she'll get ya right back on your feet.\" He laughed and walked into the house. \"Hey Max! I'm back.\" Skylar walked down the sidewalk with her backpack and a travel bag, giving him a salute. \"I thought you were hanging out. Not camping out.\" He chuckled. \"Hey. I didn't want to leave you stranded.\" \"Well that's true. But you'll have to ask my d..\" \"Well dang it. I forgot to pick up milk.\" Goofy huffed then lifted his head. \"Is that your friend Maxie? She's awfully cute.\" \"Dad!\" Max blushed in embarrassment. She covered a smile with her right hand. \"Hi Mr. Goof. I'm Skylar. Nice to meet you.\" She held out a hand. \"Do you need help with these bags?\" Skylar set down her things and walked to the trunk of the car. \"Erm..Sure. That is awfully..\" The girl carried a twenty pound bag in each hand and into the house. \"..nice of ya.\" He blinked. \"I'm sorry for the inconvenience Mr. Goof, but is it alright if I stay the night?\" \"Why sure ya can!\" He hugged his son with one arm at his side. \"Gawrsh. I did the same thing every summer when I was Maxie's age. Why my best buds and I..\" \"Uh..Dad..\" Max stammered and gently pushed him away. Goofy laughed then scratched his head. \"I went on rambling again didn't I? Sorry 'bout that.\" Skylar pick up her belongings again. \"It's alright. Max and I will be in his room.\" She kindly took his backpack too. \"Remember 'bout the other rule son.\" Skylar smirked. \"Dad!\" Max whined. \"Max.\" Goofy sternly spoke and folded his arms. \"When a girl is in the house, never close the door or else.\" His son drawled. \"That's right. Now have fun.\" She helped Max up the porch steps and held the door open. \"Hey. Skylar listen. I don't want you to feel like I can't care for myself.\" \"Yeah I know. I just want to help you through a speedy recovery since the guys rage quit on helping you.\" He sat on his bed and watched her unroll a purple and grey plaid sleeping bag. It was a typical teenage boy's room. Laundry all over the floor, empty soda cans on the shelves, stuff like that. It didn't bother her that much, since her room from time to time would get the same way. \"So what kind of pizza should we order?\" \"I dunno. Maybe just pepperoni. Onions too if you want.\" Skylar nodded and took out her phone. \"You got it.\" Max sighed started to daydream about Roxanne. After setting up her sleeping bag, Skylar walked out of the room unnoticed into the kitchen. She dialed the number on her phone but didn't press the call button yet. \"Mr. Goof?\" \"Yes?\" Goofy lifted his head from one of the lower cabinets but hit it on the shelf. \"Ouch. I told myself time and time again to look before you lift.\" He rubbed the top of his head. \"What can I do for ya Skylar?\" \"I'm sorry. I just wanted to ask if you would like to share a pizza with Max and I.\" She softly smiled. \"Gawrsh. That's nice of ya. Nah.\" He continued to put away the groceries. \"You kids have fun. But thanks.\" \"Okay.\" Skylar walked back to Max's room to find him sitting up with his eyes closed and head down. She set her phone on a shelf and sat next to him. \"Hey. You okay?\" \"Yeah. I'm just a bit bummed out. I mean I didn't want the school year to end like this.\" \"Yeah I understand. But hey, summer vacation is three months. Meaning you have the whole half of it to do whatever you want.\" She picked her phone back up to order. \"What kind again?\" \"Pepperoni. Medium. Well half of it anyway.\" \"K. Fries?\" Max rolled his eyes then laughed. \"What kind of question is that?\" \"Hey I just wanted to make sure okay? You seemed so depressed I thought it wasn't worth asking.\" She giggled then phoned the pizza place. He tried to sit up and Skylar extended a hand. \"..Alright. Thank you.\" The phone hung up. \"Thanks.\" \"No problem.\" She sat down in his place. \"You have a cardboard cut out too?\" She looked over at a Powerline stand up. \"Wha?\" He turned his head. \"Oh. Yeah. Cool right?\" Skylar walked over next to it and copied it's pose. Max laughed. \"That was pretty good!\" \"I try.\" She sighed and tried to stop herself from blushing. \"Hey uh. Where's..\" \"Down the hall and take a left.\" \"Thanks.\" She hurried down and closed the bathroom door, letting her cheeks fall a deep red. 'You like him more than a friend Sky. Admit it.' Her sister's voice teased her. \"Shut up Stacey. No I don't!\" She sat on the floor and quickly fanned herself, trying to relax. \"Okay. Okay. I'm fine.\" She stood up and left back to his room. Max's dad was talking about something but Skylar couldn't catch on to what it was. But she overheard the words 'clean room.' Her eyes shut and she hid behind a wall. \"I don't have feelings for him! I'm going to prove you wrong once and for all sis!\" Skylar whispered in embarrassment. The doorbell then rang. \"I'll get it.\" \"Nah I got it.\" Goofy walked out. \"Oh. Thank you Mr. Goof.\" He laughed. \"No problem.\" Skylar shrugged and walked back into the room. \"Hey there you are.\" \"Yeah I'm back. I kinda panicked thinking about what would happen once my parents see my report card. Let alone my clothes.\" Max shrugged. \"Why? What grades did you get?\" \"Uh. I think it was four A's and one B-. The B- obviously coming from math class.\" \"You got a B-?\" His jaw dropped. \"I got like a C or something. Can you help me improve next year? So..\" \"Sure.\" Skylar almost immediately answered and took her notes out of her bag. \"The key I use is to always make sure that the notes you take are legible.\" Her red binder opened. \"I see. But where do you find the time to write so neat?\" \"Well I practically scribble in class then recopy them at lunch.\" \"Cool. Mind if I try that?\" \"Not at all.\" She smiled. \"Here ya two go. I need to run back to the store and get milk.\" Goofy set the pizza box and two cans of soda in between them. \"Thanks dad.\" Max smiled. The front door opened then closed. Skylar helped Max open his can of soda then opened hers. \"Cheers.\" She held it up. Max lifted his and blinked. \"For a Mazur-free three months.\" \"Haha. True that.\" They clicked cans then drank from them. \"I wonder what would happen if nobody invented soda.\" \"I don't know. Maybe everyone would go extinct.\" Skylar laughed. \"Come on. No one is going to die from not having soda.\" \"How do you know?\" \"Because you don't.\" She picked up a slice of pizza with vegetables. \"That is the worst reason ever.\" Max blinked. \"No it's not. I'll tell you what's even worse. Teachers giving out more homework just because it's a Friday.\" \"Oh yeah.\" By the time they finished talking, there were only two pizza slices of each toppings left. \"Best idea ever.\" Skylar picked up the box and bowed. \"Another soda?\" \"Nah I'm good.\" \"K.\" She took the empty cans as well. \"Sky?\" \"Yo?\" \"Thanks.\" He smiled. \"Hold that thought.\" She walked to the kitchen, opening the fridge as she heard the front door open. \"Max? Maxie? Oh.\" Goofy cleared his throat. \"Hiya Skylar.\" \"Hi.\" \"Almost didn't recognize ya.\" He scratched his head and placed the carton of milk in the fridge. \"My mom wouldn't either.\" She giggled and fixed her shirt. \"You two were starvin' huh?\" \"Yeah.\" She ran back to Max's room. \"You were saying?\" He sighed. \"I meant to say thanks Skylar. For sticking by me and stuff.\" \"No problem. What friends do.\" Max pulled back the blankets on his bed and lightly kissed her on the cheek. Skylar heavily blushed in surprise and turned to him. \"Wh..What was that about?\" \"Actions speak louder than words right?\" He shrugged with a crooked smile. \"Very true.\" She nodded and took her sleepwear out of her bag. \"I'll be right back.\" \"I'm in deep sludge.\" Max whispered and let a hand fall down his face. \"I can't believe I did that.\" \"Everything alright Maxie?\" His dad leaned in the doorway. \"Uh..yeah. I'm fine dad. Skylar and I are going to hit the hay.\" He opened his dresser drawer and took out a set of short sleeved blue pajamas. \"Need some help with that?\" \"Please?\" \"Alrightly.\" Goofy walked in and helped his son dress and lay down. \"Night Maxie.\" Max yawned. \"Good night dad.\" Goofy smiled and left. Skylar walked back into the room wearing grey sweatpants and a black tank top. \"Hey.\" He blushed. \"What?\" \"It's just weird to see you look like a girl for once.\" She rolled her eyes and snuggled into her sleeping bag and took out her pillow. \"I heard that one before.\" She turned off the bedroom light. \"Night Max.\" \"Girl.\" He snickered. \"Shut up!\" Skylar closed her eyes. ","Summary":" \"I still can't believe that you and I will sophomores next year.\" Stacey walked with her fraterna"},{"Movie":"A Goofy Movie","Title":"Síntomas","Author":"Rosie R. D","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12498953","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ok, este es un one shot de la transición a Max a la adolescencia, e incluí a Roxanne porque la vi en algunos cómics de Goof Trop y dije \"ah que va, la pondré\" y aquí está xD. En los cómics no se le ve tan tímido con Roxanne, así que me hizo pensar que cuando ya se encontraba madurando, ya ella no era simplemente \"la chica que quería impresionar\", sino la chica que le gustaba y no quería parecer torpe frente a ella. Por lo que le dejó de hablar por vergüenza. Bueno, solo eso, ojalá les guste... Desvió la vista hacia la ventana intentando parecer lo más casual posible, los dedos de sus manos jugaban ansiosamente entre sí sin razón aparente, mientras, podía sentir como la temperatura subía cada vez más en el área de su rostro, tiñendo sus mejillas por completo de un color rojo que, rogaba, no sea notorio a simple vista. Tragó saliva, intentando parecer normal, pidiendo mentalmente no parecer un tonto frente a ella. Todo menos eso. Se dispuso a entretenerse con el paisaje para calmar sus nervios. Esto nunca le había pasado antes, fue un golpe tan repentino que aún lo estaba procesando en su joven mente de doce años, es decir, todas estas sensaciones eran tan extrañas y desconocidas para él, no imaginaba qué era lo que le pasaba, todo era muy confuso, ¿por qué le pasaba esto ahora?, ¿y con ella a su lado?, ¿ella tendría que ver con todo esto?, ¿estaba enfermo? Miró de reojo a la niña de su misma edad que, sentada a su lado, sostenía sus libros con una expresión alegre en el rostro, mirando la ventana al lado de ella. Quizás ella era la culpable. Quizás Roxanne lo estaba enfermando. No imaginaba como esto era posible, no era la primera vez que se sentaba al lado de Roxanne, ya habían ido en el mismo auto varias veces, y a veces le invitaba unas galletas a la hora de receso, o iban caminando juntos a casa. No tenía idea de cómo es que ahora algo tan simple como su presencia lo tuviera tan inquieto, y que su padre estuviera al volante no ayudaba, porque, bueno, Goofy no era el más apto para manejar, así que aparte de sentirse incómodo, tenía miedo de salir volando por la ventana. Mejor no pensarlo. No se dio cuenta de que había volteado su cabeza por completo para mirar a Roxanne, quien también se volteó y lo descubrió en el acto, haciendo que Max se sonroje un poco más de lo que ya estaba. Creyó que le diría algo, pero Roxanne solo sonrió, jugando con su cabello y poniéndose algo roja también. Max quedó aún más preocupado, sentía algo chistoso en el estómago, como algo revoloteando en el interior, ¿más síntomas de enfermedad?, ¿esto era grave?, ¿la linda sonrisa de Roxanne le provocaba todavía más cosas?, no podía pensar. Roxanne rió un poco y él volteó inmediatamente. \" ¡Tonto, tonto, tonto!, debiste parecer un rarito mirándola tanto tiempo \" Max todavía tenía dudas en la mente, pues, muchas cosas estaban cambiando... la torpeza de su padre cada vez lo avergonzaba más en vez de divertirlo, ahora prefería estar encerrado en su habitación escuchando música o tocando el bajo, odiaba el nuevo apodo que le habían puesto en la escuela, \"Goofito\", también ya se le dificultaba hablar con las chicas, especialmente con Roxanne, ahora no podía ni dirigirle palabra, enmudecía ante solo el hecho de tenerla en frente. No podía ni pensar en parecerse a su padre, le disgustaba la idea de parecerse a él cuando crezca, detestaba la risa que había heredado, también notó cambios de humor repentinos, en un segundo podía ser el más feliz del mundo, y al otro deprimirse inexplicablemente, junto a más cambios embarazosos... ¿Qué demonios le estaba pasando? Admitía que le gustaba Roxanne, su cabello rojizo era grandioso, su rostro era tan tierno, sus manos eran suaves, sus ojos eran preciosos, y su actitud… oh, era tan linda, ella siempre era amable con él, aun si actuaba con torpeza. La cosa era que antes estaba bien con todo esto, reconocía que le gustaba mucho y siempre hacía cosas para impresionarla, o hacía planes con PJ y Bobby para ganar su interés… pero ahora… no quería estar a su lado mucho tiempo, no porque ya no le gustase, sino porque lo invadía una gran sensación de vergüenza, sentía que haría algo mal y ella se reiría de él. Y, como ahora, sentía todos esos síntomas atormentarlo, el aumento de temperatura, las manos sudorosas, los cosquilleos en el estómago, ¿podría alguien volver todo a la normalidad? —¡Ya llegamos, ahyuck! Max suspiró aliviado, había aguantado todo el viaje con Roxanne hasta su casa, en cuanto ella se fuera, él volvería la normalidad. —Gracias Sr. Goofy.—Dijo la niña pelirroja, abriendo la puerta.—Perdón si le causé problemas. Mientras Goofy le decía que no era ningún problema llevarla a casa sana y salva, Roxanne dirigió sus ojos a Max, quien seguía sonrojado y mirándola de reojo. —Y… gracias Max.—Sonrió, dándole un beso en la mejilla y saliendo del auto. Max pudo sentir los síntomas más fuertes y su corazón acelerado, solo que ahora no pudo evitar que una sonrisa boba apareciera en su rostro. Su padre arrancó el auto. Vio a Roxanne por la ventana de atrás, ella lo despedía con la mano mientras entraba a su casa, él tan solo acariciaba la mejilla en que lo había besado. Aun no sabía qué le estaba pasando, pero ahora no se preocuparía por eso, de todas maneras, ¡recibió un beso de Roxanne!, y con eso era el más dichoso del mundo. ","Summary":" Ok, este es un one shot de la transición a Max a la adolescencia, e incluí a Roxanne porque la vi e"},{"Movie":"A Goofy Movie","Title":"Patinando","Author":"Rosie R. D","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12485813","Passage":"[Chapter 1] —No es tan fácil como parece, ¿huh?—Rió Max Goof. El parque era definitivamente uno de los lugares favoritos de Max, le gustaba venir cuando tenía tiempo libre o cuando necesitaba pensar un rato, pues, nada era mejor que inhalar un poco de aire fresco y estirar las piernas, con la brisa golpeando tu cara, poder oler el aroma de las flores, ver el cielo azul echado en el pasto, ¡era fantástico sentirse libre!, sin ninguna preocupación encima… No era que se quejara (o quizá sí), pero la universidad había comenzado a ponerse un poco más dura con él, con todos esos trabajos por hacer, libros para leer, una exposición pendiente para la otra semana, sin contar el trabajo grupal y un ensayo. En resumen, la universidad le estaba pateando el trasero, lo bueno era que se estaba esforzando porque esta no lo repruebe, hasta ahora sus calificaciones eran decentes, pero tenía que mejorar en cálculo, eso sí. Pero vamos, no era tiempo de pensar en ello. —¿Admites que no es tan fácil como creías?—Sonrió con sorna, mientras la pelirroja a su lado se apoyaba en él para no caer. —Solo estoy calentado.—Respondió Roxanne, sonriendo también. Roxanne, al igual que Max, gustaba mucho del parque, e iba con él cada vez que podía, era un lugar bello a su parecer, y pasaba buenos momentos allí. Muchos buenos momentos. La universidad no había tenido piedad con ella tampoco, pero por lo menos agradecía estar cerca de Max en la misma universidad, todo parecía ser más fácil con él a su lado, aunque el trabajo académico los tuviese repletos hasta el cuello, siempre encontraban un tiempo para estar juntos. Y en momentos como ahora, disfrutaba la compañía de su novio, aunque este se riera de su torpeza (aunque, para ser sincera, él era normalmente el torpe, pero eso lo hacía ver más tierno aun). —¿Calentado?, llevas así más de una hora.—Rió Max. —Solo estoy algo oxidada.—Dijo Roxanne intentando enderezarse. —¿Desde cuándo no patinas? —Quizás… desde los diez años. —En ese caso, estás muuy oxidada. Ella rió avergonzada mientras Max la ayudaba con su postura. —Intenta inclinarte un poco y mantener el equilibrio. —¿Así? —Sí.—Le contestó, aun tomándola de las manos—¿Segura que no quieres practicar primero en una colchoneta?, no quiero que caigas contra el pavimento. —Puedo hacerlo.—Insistió ella—Es como andar en bicicleta, nunca se olvida. —Vamos, solo admite que no es tan fácil como decías, Roxie.—Le dijo con el nombre que solía decirle de cariño, haciendo que se sonrojara levemente. —Es fácil. Ya lo estoy dominando. —Se nota.—Se burló Max. Roxanne le hubiera dado un pequeño golpe si al menos pudiera ponerse en pie. Esta mañana, mientras almorzaban en el campus junto a sus amigos, Max le decía a su equipo que tenían que practicar más duro que nunca, ya que se acercaban las finales de los X-Games y se toparían con equipos más rudos que los mismos Gammas, y la suerte del Equipo 99 no dudaría mucho, por lo que tenían que ponerse las pilas y entrenar como si no hubiera mañana. Ante esto, PJ y Bobby estuvieron de acuerdo, hasta que Max mencionó el horario de entrenamiento, ¡con ese tiempo no tendrían tiempo ni de ir al baño! —¡Pero Max, eso es demasiado tiempo!—Exclamó PJ, ya sintiendo el cansancio por adelantado. —Debemos estar preparados, no quiero que nos aplasten en la competencia.—Max dijo con seriedad. —¡Pero también tenemos la universidad!, ¿cómo lograremos entrenar y ser responsables al mismo tiempo? —No creo que sea problema. —¡Todo se puede con una buena organización!—Habló Stacy, quien estaba sentada al lado de Bobby. Su voz era alegre, pero PJ apostaba a que ella no sabía cómo eran los entrenamientos con Max. —¿Ven?, Stacy sabe de lo que hablo. Además, si pueden encontrar tiempo para dormir durante clases, pueden encontrar tiempo para esto. —No somos los únicos que duermen en clase.—Mencionó PJ, Max desvió la mirada. —Tranquilos chicos, que ya encontraremos una solucio-ón.—Dijo Bobby con su tono despreocupado de siempre. —Oh vamos Max, no creo que debas ser tan duro con ellos.—Le dijo Roxanne a su novio, poniéndole una mano en el hombro suavemente. —Lo siento, pero es que son las finales y… —Es solo patinar, podrán hacerlo.—Sonrió ella. Aunque Max no hizo lo mismo, él enarcó una ceja. —¿Solo patinar? —Bueno...—La pelirroja jugó un poco con su pelo antes de hablar—¿Sí...? PJ, Stacy y Bobby creyeron que se iba a armar una pelea entre los dos tórtolos, pues para Max era más que solo \"patinar\", y se preparaban para un berrinche por parte del chico, y Stacy se preparaba para los balbuceos de Roxanne. Pero para sorpresa de todos, Max sonrió y rió un poco. —¿Crees que podrías hacerlo?—Preguntó a su novia, mientras esta vez ella enarcaba una ceja. —Supongo que sí.—Respondió, algo dudosa. —Bueno, pues demuéstralo.—Desafió Max juguetonamente.—¿Hoy en el parque? Roxanne pensó, devolvió la misma sonrisa y tono de voz. —Por supuesto. —¿Qué te parece esto?, si tú me demuestras que cualquiera podría hacerlo, elegiremos democráticamente el horario de entrenamiento, pero si no lo logras, el tiempo de PJ y Bobby queda a mi elección.—Extendió la mano—¿Es un trato? Todos en la mesa observaron cómo Max y Roxanne estrechaban sus manos. —Es un trato. Por su parte, PJ y Bobby se miraron el uno al otro, preocupados del resultado. Roxanne ya casi lo estaba dominando, ahora solo necesitaba de una mano de Max para movilizarse y ya no se caía tanto como antes, a este paso, quizás le gane la apuesta a Max de todos modos. —Lo estás haciendo bien.—Le dijo Max, felicitándola. —Gracias.—Respondió ella—Te dije que podía hacerlo. Pasearon un rato más por el parque, hasta que la pelirroja se le ocurrió la idea de soltarse del agarre de Max, quien al sentirlo la volvió a tomar de la mano nuevamente. —Whoa, whoa, ten cuidado Roxie. —Creo que ya puedo sola, Max.—Dijo—Solo suéltame. —¿Estás segura? —Sí, muy segura. —Bueno…—Max dudó un poco—Está bien. En cuanto la soltó, vio a Roxanne avanzar un poco por sí sola, su cara sonreía emocionada mientras avanzaba poco a poco por la acera, Max se sintió orgulloso y feliz por verla disfrutar de sus \"primeros pasos\" con los patines. No le importaba si perdía o no la apuesta, Roxanne era feliz, y eso era lo que importaba. De pronto, cuando parecía que por fin ella estaba dominando los patines, se desvió del camino, perdiendo el equilibrio, Max corrió hacia ella pero no llegó a tiempo, por lo que Roxanne terminó cayendo en el pasto. —¡Roxanne!, ¿estás bien?, ¿te duele algo?, ¿necesitas que te lleve al hospital?—Dijo preocupado yendo a verla, se puso a su lado. —Estoy bien, solo fue un buen susto.—Trató de tranquilizarlo, mientras se sobaba un poco. —¡Lo lamento!, soy un tonto.—Se disculpó Max sintiéndose culpable, ¿cómo pudo dejar que Roxanne se cayera?, que idiota. —No, no, no. Tranquilo.—La pelirroja lo tomo de las manos.—No eres un tonto, creo que debí pensarlo mejor antes de ir por mi cuenta.—Rió un poco. Vio que Max aún seguía decaído y decidió darle un beso en la mejilla—Está bien, ya pasó. Max sonrió al igual que ella, los besos de Roxanne siempre lo ponía mejor. Acercaron sus rostros para darse otro beso, esta vez en los labios, ya estaban a unas cuántas pulgadas, pero, antes de que pudieran hacerlo, fueron interrumpidos por unos silbidos… —¡Hey Ma-ax!, ¡que buen entrenamiento, ehh! Eran Bobby, Stacy y PJ, quienes al parecer habían venido a ver quién ganaba la apuesta, Stacy rió un poco y Roxanne se avergonzó, mientras PJ y Bobby le daban miradas pícaras a Max, sonrojándolo por completo. La parejita se encontraba teñida con un color rojo hasta las orejas, los habían encontrado en pleno momento romántico. —¿Y quién ganó la apuesta?—Preguntó PJ. Max y Roxanne se miraron y sonrieron mutuamente. —Roxanne ganó.—Dijo Max—Ella siempre gana. —Oh Max... Los dos rieron y compartieron un tierno beso, después de todo, ¿de qué vale ganar una apuesta?, besar los labios de Roxanne ya eran suficiente premio para él. ","Summary":" —No es tan fácil como parece, ¿huh?—Rió Max Goof. El parque era definitivamente uno de los lugares "},{"Movie":"A Goofy Movie","Title":"Max & Roxanne 1st Date","Author":"UNTdallas20","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12483499","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Max is bold. Roxanne is italicized. Max and Roxanne walk into a valley of flowers. The flowers are just starting out to bloom for the spring. There are Dandelions everywhere. As Max and Roxanne walk through the valley holding hands, the dandelions begin to fly off into the wind. Max looks at Roxanne and smiles. \" Close your eyes.\" \" Why should I close my eyes?\" \" I have a surprise for you.\" Roxanne did have Max said. Max guided Roxanne to a red and white checkered blanket with a brown picnic basket sitting on top. \" Open your eyes.\" Roxanne opened her eyes. She was astonished. \" You did this for me, Max?\" \" Yes. I wanted you to feel special for our first date.\" Roxanne's eyes lit up. She hugged Max and then sat down on the blanket. They ate their picnic and talked. \" I have always liked you, Roxanne.\" \" I have always liked you too Max. I was always shy to talked to you.\" \" I always thought you would not like me because I was not popular.\" \" I do not care about you not being popular. I only care about how cute, daring, and funny you are.\" \" Hearing you say that makes me feel good. I love you, Roxanne.\" \" I love you too Max.\" ","Summary":" Max is bold. Roxanne is italicized. Max and Roxanne walk into a valley of flowers. The flowers are "},{"Movie":"A Goofy Movie","Title":"A Goofy Fan Fiction Story","Author":"PerkyGoth14","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12481197","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: RP with AnnaleaseTurner A youngish light brown-haired girl looked over at her sister. She was wearing a blue shirt with a darker blue T.A.R.D.I.S on, agrey cardigan and dark grey leggings. \"Hey, Stacey, I'm gonna go look for Max, alright?\" She asked her sister, nervously pushing her glasses up. She, like her sister, wore glasses and had braces, but she usually wore her hair up in pigtails unlike her sister. The other girl named Stacey wore her hair down as she was getting ready for a big presentation as she looked in a small mirror that she kept, she wasn't all about good looks, but wanted to look good for today in specific. \"All right, I gotta get ready myself anyway.\" she then smiled back to her sister. \"Good luck, Sis, not that you'll need it.\" the first girl said. She then went to find Max and her friends, having planned to help Max win over Roxanne. P.J, or Pete Junior, was looking around nervously. He didn't feel like this was going to work. \"Thanks, I'll see you there.\" Stacey smiled as she then went to the auditorium. The girl grinned then noticed P.J. \"Hey, P.J.\" she smiled in a merely friendly way. \"Hey Sarah...\" he muttered worriedly looking around still. Max seemed to be running late a little to school as he was mumbling to himself in embarrassment and shame. Sarah looked at P.J. \"It's going to be fine, P.J... I mean, Max shouldn't be recognized until he wants to be.\" she told him. P.J sighed and nodded. \"Yeah.\" he says, trying to calm down, he wanted to help his best friend out after all. \"She finally talks to me and I choke!\" Max groaned to himself. Hearing Max's voice, Sarah went over to him. \"Hey, are you okay?\" She asked him. \"I finally had the chance to talk with Roxanne, but I blew it.\" Max groaned to himself. \"Hey cheer up... She's not going to be able to say no after your performance.\" Sarah told him, giving a comforting one-armed hug. \"You think so?\" Max replied. Sarah nodded. \"I'm as sure as there are braces on my teeth.\" she grinned, showing said things. Max chuckled lightly to that. \"You seen Bobby?\" he then asked. \"He's supposed to meet us for this.\" \"I think he should be here in a minute... He's gotta bring the tech from the Tech Lab.\" Sarah told him. \"Right...\" Max nodded to that and played with the combination lock from the locker behind him. PJ came over and joined them at the lockers. Sarah smiled at her friend. Suddenly they were blinded by a bright light. Max and PJ flinched from the bright light, but Max could make out slightly who was responsible. \"Bobby!\" Sarah shook her head as once the light turned off Bobby seemed to be drinking from the drinking fountain through a straw. \"Bobby, why the straw, buddy?\" She asked, grinning. PJ looked relieved, it was just Bobby. The estranged boy turned his head and smirked as he sipped from the fountain. \"Slurpage~\" PJ looked at the Tech. Sarah chuckled. She had Bobby's favorite cheese spray in her bag for Max to give to the boy. Max wanted to take it, but then Bobby stopped him. \"Dude, need fundage, bro.\" Bobby reminded. \"Oh, yeah, your fee.\" Max then remembered once he got the cheese spray. \"Thanks, Sarah.\" Sarah smiled, though she blushed slightly. Bobby took it and saw what it was. \" CHEDDAR! \" he then cheered before squirting the cheese into his mouth. \"Cheddar Whizzy!\" Max and PJ recoiled in disgust of that. Even Sarah cringed at that. \"Guys, we better get a move on.\" she said, looking at her watch. PJ still looked nervous. \"Let's do it, ladies!\" Bobby cheered as there was an announcement in the auditorium by Sarah's sister who was student body president. Sarah sat at the computer to do the special effects. PJ was walking about to get used to working the camera. Stacey was making her final announcements. \"I'd just like to say thanks for everybody for making this a fun year.\" she then concluded as the students cheered for her. Bobby was doing his part with the mechanics while Max looked nervous while he was in costume. While the principal was talking, Sarah put the finishing code in and then went to the lever that would activate the trapdoor. PJ put a thumb up to show he was ready. Stacey let Principal Mazur have the floor as no one seemed to cheer for him. Bobby smirked as he waited for the right moment as the lights cut out and Max was about to show off what he could do in order to impress the girl in school he liked. As the screen went up and lights dimmed, Sarah pulled the lever, then laughed. PJ was filming Max for the video. The students gasped at that. Bobby laughed rather wickedly with Sarah. Max did his best dance moves until he tripped over a few cords and the students were given an exciting concert instead of a boring speech from their principal. Sarah smiled. Roxanne was gazing at Max in surprise, but also a shy love. She looked happy too. Max eventually tripped, but the crowd seemed to explode in cheers and excitement. Sarah watched happily, though wistful, as Roxanne reached a hand up to Max as he 'flew' about on a rope. Roxanne smiled up at him, reaching a hand for his. Max then reached out his hand for Roxanne as that seemed to work out very well for him. Suddenly the music bugged out and Max was stopped, spinning before he hung on the rope. Roxanne looked surprised. \"Crud.\" Sarah whispered. PJ looked worried, seconds before his airway was blocked a few seconds by an arm around his neck. \"Look, it's the Goof boy!\" a boy called out much to Max's humiliation after the principal removed his funky sunglasses. \"We're busted~...\" Bobby seemed to chuckle as he held PJ in his arm. Roxanne looked shocked a moment then bit her lip shyly and secretly pleased that Max would do something like that for her. Sarah looked almost as worried as PJ, her mom and Stacey wouldn't be happy with her. PJ struggled a little. The next thing the four responsible knew, they were going to be sent to the principal's office and have their parents called. What a last day of school this turned out to be. Stacey was surprised herself. Sarah sat between Max and Bobby, PJ already being talked to in the principal's office. \"Mom's gonna kill me... Or ship me off to boarding school.\" she muttered. PJ came out looking devastated. \"My dad's gonna crush me!\" He gasped out. Max seemed nervous, but not as much due to how much of a pushover his dad was kind of. The secretary seemed to hum the Funeral March as PJ was being handled first. \"Hey, PJ, detention.\" Bobby chuckled after making the 'Leaning Tower of Cheesah'. Sarah looked at the secretary with wide eyes through her glasses. PJ walked off, going to do what he had to do. \"Robert Zimmeruski.\" the principal firmly called for his next victim. \"Uh, coming!\" Bobby called nervously, then handed his can over to Max. \"Max, guard this with your life.\" he then went to the office door to meet the principal. Sarah then heard Stacey's voice and cringed. Roxanne was walking with her friend, clutching her books to her chest. When they entered the office, she noticed Max and stared at him. Max sulked in his chair, blocking out all his surroundings. \"…With all those kids in my head, the place will be like a sauna, so I'm all freaked out, but then I thought 'Like use it!'\" Stacey said. \"So my theme is going to be \"Powerline Goes Rainforest!\" Too much?\" She notices that Roxanne is not listening to her, but staring at Max. \"Roxanne, are you even listening?... Oh...\" she then smirked and decided to make her friend talk to the boy. Roxanne tried to resist, though it didn't take much. She cleared her throat when she stood next to him. But ended up having to do it again, before shrugging as that time didn't work either. Sarah looked nervously at her sister. \"Tap him.\" Stacey whispered, though it was loud enough for Roxanne to hear. Roxanne tapped Max's shoulder gently. Max was surprised, so he slightly jumped up and he looked shyly to see Roxanne there. He then saw he made her papers fall to the floor, so he decided to help her out. Roxanne went to her knees to pick up her papers, meeting Max's gaze as their hands touched on a sheet of paper they both reached for. Max looked surprised as their hands seemed to touch each other. \"I-I'm sorry...\" Stacey seemed to smirk to this, but then glanced to see her sister in the office as well. \"I-It's fine,\" Roxanne said softly, and stood up. \"Looking forward to the party next weekend?\" She asked. \"Uh, yeah...\" Max replied sheepishly. Roxanne smiled at him. \"I thought it was great what you did.\" she said softly. \"Yeah...\" Max said lazily at first before he then smiled once he noticed what she said. \"Yeah?\" Roxanne nodded, smiling. She hoped he would ask her to be his date to the party. \"Um... It's from Powerline's newest video.\" Max said as his mind seemed to scramble due to being with the girl of his dreams. \"Yeah, it's going to be in his concert.\" she smiled. \"I know, Stacey's showing it at her party.\" Max also smiled. Sarah blushed and smiled sheepishly, waving at Stacey. \"You got in trouble too?\" Stacey sounded surprised. Sarah looked up at her sister. \"I wanted to help Max do something to impress Roxanne...\" she said quietly. \"Oh?\" Stacey seemed to smirk. \"Well, I'll tell you this; it worked.\" Sarah smiled slightly. Stacey patted Sarah on the head. \"I'm not sure how Mom will react, but I'm glad you guys did that.\" Sarah shivered at the thought of how mad their mother would be. \"I'll try to talk her down...\" Stacey offered. \"Thanks...\" Sarah said softly. As Sarah had almost injured the principal, she had been sent home early from school. She had been told off by her and Stacey's mother, and told that after a talk with Mr. Goof that she would be going to the Goof's for the summer. Her mother thought she needed a good fatherly male role model. Stacey was a little worried about her sister, but she did not object because it might be worse for her or Sarah if she did anything. So as Max arrived home, there were two people carrying camping stuff. \"Hiya, Max.\" Goofy greeted his son. \"Goin' somewhere, Pop?\" Max asked casually as he seemed to have a wonderful last day of school and was excited about the party. \"Yup, going fishing.\" Goofy smiled at his son. Sarah helped tie the stuff to the roof. \"Well, uh, when you get there, drop me a line,\" Max said before noticing someone else there. \"Sarah?\" \"You're coming too, silly!\" Goofy told him. \"Oh, and Sarah is joining us too.\" he added. Sarah looked at Max, looking a bit sad but managed a smile. \"Hey, Max.\" she said. \"Huh?\" Max asked. \" Us ...?\" \"Yes, we're going on a fishing trip, me, you, and Sarah.\" he smiled. He then got Max into a life jacket, and fishing hat. He held a box in his hands. Sarah was already in fishing gear, thanks to Goofy taking her shopping to get some, with permission from her mom. \"Fishing...?\" Max looked like he was going to be sick. \"We're going fishing?!\" \"Yup, and there's something else too.\" he smiled, blowing dust off the box and handing it to Max. Sarah sighed softly and got into the car. Max looked curious of the box. \"This was passed from Goof to Goof to Goof.\" Goofy said, grinning happily as he opened it. Max looked to the object inside of the box. \"A stick?\" Goofy frowned slightly, but not angry or sad. \"It's a fishing pole.\" he then smiled as he fixed it up and handed it to Max. Max took it, not really sure what to say. \"Uhh... Thanks, Dad, but I'm not sure if I can go... See, there's this party-\" \"There'll be time for parties when you're older.\" Goofy told him, tapping him on the head carefully with the map he was holding. Max really didn't want to do this. Goofy tried to convince Max to come peacefully. Max still seemed to refuse before he looked to Sarah. \"Are you really gonna do this?\" \"Mom's orders.\" Sarah told him quietly but offered a tiny unsure but reassuring smile. \"Oh...\" Max replied as he sulked about this trip. \"Man, be lucky your mom's not as weird as my dad.\" \"I like him, he's a lot nicer than mine was.\" she said softly. Goofy got into the car and set them off driving. \"At least he was normal...\" Max muttered about his overly eccentric father. \"Goodbye house, goodbye, mailbox... Goodbye, pile of broken wood!\" Goofy said as they drove off. \"Well, goodbye hopes. Goodbye, dreams. Goodbye, Roxanne...\" Max sighed, but then remembered something. \"Roxanne...\" he then got his father's attention as they were on the way to their vacation with their guest. \"Dad, we gotta make one stop real quick, I have to talk to someone!\" \"Well...\" Goofy started, about to miss the turning to Roxanne's house. Sarah was reading a comic she had smuggled from her house. Max then grabbed the steering wheel to make sure the car ended up in Roxanne's driveway so he could have a word with his not-so secret crush. Goofy smiled at Max after they parked. \"Don't be too long now, Maxie.\" he said. Sarah looked almost scared, her glasses askew and her comic haphazardly thrown on the seat next to her. ","Summary":" A/N: RP with AnnaleaseTurner A youngish light brown-haired girl looked over at her sister. She was "},{"Movie":"A Goofy Movie","Title":"Our Rope","Author":"IZZY-CHAN13","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12760752","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Oh no.\" The throat contracted with fingers pulling at the collar of a white dress shirt. He was just feet away from that accursed entrance. Feelings of nervousness mixed with anger made Bradley hesitant to press the call button. Rather, a fist hit the surrounding wall of the Uppercrust Estate. I don't want to be here. He must have been under the influence to finally comply to Tank's suggestion to \"spend time with the old man\" after so long. The right hand man was right in assuming that the leader was more or less losing ground in his sanity, him going so far as to threaten his own teammates for illegitimate reasons. It had been months after that post X-Games lecture where the whole Gamma team was present at Alphonse's command, via jet plane. The words from his mouth did nothing but ruin the dignity the corrupt team had left, and if that wasn't enough he told the rest of the team to get out of his office to speak with his own son after a threatening phone call to the College Board. Even though he saved the Gammas from being kicked out of school, the way he handled the already fragmented relationship between him and Bradley was uncalled for. It brought the young man to the brink of tears, only to become enraged when a particular word was spoken, \"coward.\" I just wanted to tell him before that.. I wanted to talk to him, about… \"Master Bradley?\" Startled at first, he looked away from the dirt on the ground into bright eyes. He then set off a playful glare, to which the other responded with a laugh, \" Bradley. \" With a snap of his fingers, \"Open the gate, Yoli.\" Once the brief formalities were out of the way, they embraced one another, \"Look at how tall you've gotten, mi'jito!\" \"And you're still beautiful.\" with the warmest and possibly most genuine of smiles. The unexpected dialogue sunk into the head servant's blushing face before she laughed again, \"Oh no, Bradley; I'm ancient!\" \"No, no you're not..\" His trailing off signaled Yoli to lead him into the estate. \"Where are the rest?\" \"The garden— \"Don't take me there;\" She blinked. \"I'm not ready. How about letting me say hi to your people first?\" Everyone stared at the casual stride, hands in pockets with the thumbs sticking out. Eyes shimmering however indifferent the gaze seemed. Murmurs replaced the chatter, \"It's the young prince.\" \"Bradley Uppercrust the Third.\" Much too old to be having his cheeks pinched by elderly women, young ones swarmed to his sides, greeting him with \"pleasures\" and \"lovely afternoon\". Parents and guardians alike kept close watch, but they had no clue just what this supposedly sheltered boy was capable of. He never bothered to shake hands with anyone throughout his superficially warm welcome; their hands could have been smeared with spilled wine or bits of hors d'oeuvres for one. Second, he figured that if he wasn't the son of a rich man, they probably would disregard his presence to begin with. Just saving them the trouble. The faces Bradley talked to now, after the kitchen crowd, were vague in their appearance. The bodily shapes and the varied colors they wore against the floral backdrop were his only focus. It was a distortion of current reality—an artist's dream of chaos condensed in a civil crowd. In the abyss he finally saw a familiar countenance above him, and it was the one he could barely stand, \"I'm glad you could make it.\" From a raised wooden deck overlooking the area, Alphonse Uppercrust reached out the hand not holding a wine glass with a whisper only Bradley could hear, \"The Prodigal Son returns.\" Still intimidating, and hanging around with figures of the highest financial caliber of the times. The young man was pulled up on the platform and was greeted once again by the strongest of handshakes that he couldn't avoid, \"How are you, lad?\" A gruff yet jovial tune matching another man of large stature with a matured beard. \"Ah—fine as ever!\" Not letting his wincing from the pain in his comparably thin hand distract from conversation with the rest of said figures, he grinned and nodded his head pretending to be invested in whatever they asked him about. Half honest answers were given to anything college related; but the grades he reported were all true—high marks. A made up explanation as to why he didn't attend any of the nearby private schools over a state college hundreds of miles away was, overall, convincing. Alphonse did not either concur with what he was saying, nor did he correct whatever falsities might have arisen. He spoke the least after his son's arrival. With half-moon glasses glinting in the sun, a scrap of a smile would appear now and again that Bradley never took notice of. The young Uppercrust was too preoccupied with wanting to abandon the socializing. \"It was a pleasure meeting you all. Father.\" Absentmindedly bowing his head, he hopped off the deck suddenly in need of a long drink. Only faintly buzzed, Bradley found himself walking and glancing at his surroundings of the interior of the estate, trying to make connections between then and now. His father's tastes in decorating were just as dreary as ever. The silence and darkness of the sprawling hallways was a welcome change. It was funny really; to stick Uppercrust in a crowd of college students was nothing of a challenge for him. But anxiety levels rose considerably with older people around, for no apparent reason that he could see or understand. If he listened hard enough, faint echoes of years gone by would creep into his mind. It was best to keep on walking despite the chills running through his spine. Taking another deep sip of sangria, just about finished with the glass, Bradley held it up to his eye level. Gasping—He thought he saw a figure moving through it. Who's there? Despite better judgment he walked deeper into the shadows, glass in hand. The initial fright for a ghost of the past subsided once he saw a recognizable shape: the hour glass figure with a seductive voice. \"Hello there.\" Count on Uppercrust to make the first move; he hated it the other way around, \"What do we have here?\" \"I was waiting for you to escape.\" Granted, the young man knew very little of this woman peering up at him expectedly. On campus, this would have easily resulted in yet another anonymous affair—to want that in his hometown now was a different matter. There was something about her that left his mood sour, realizing that he was being pulled closer by the tie, \"Stop that.\" \"You're not fooling me, Bradley. I remember the rumors about you in King's Academy—They even dubbed you 'The King' in some circles!\" Eyes widened when repressed memories leaked through. \"Why're you holding out on me, I wonder?\" Preventing himself from growling in frustration, he took a firm hold of the girl's wrist applying pressure by the second. He couldn't even tell if this behavior was a catalyst for fear or a turning on with this girl; all he could do in his own home was whisper in an icy tone, \"Out of my way, gold digger.\" Her moment's hesitance was enough time to break the wine glass against the wall to see if she would finally use her common sense and leave him alone to wander. When the third floor was reached, he spied on the party through a curtained window, rolling his eyes in a flamboyant way. He kept there, forehead pressed against the pane for a minute to feel a rush of adrenaline staring down at picked cleavage before boredom quickly set in. With a sigh, he let go of the curtain and walked on. At the stretch of newly draped carpet leading to his old bedroom, Bradley felt himself tense up more than usual, pacing down the hall to reach its end, passing by the strange meeting room better known as Dad's office. Right then a pang of nerve shot through the neck, but no one was around to have caused it. It was self-imposed stress, and nothing more. Expecting the room to be musty, the faint smell of Pine Sol initiated a mixed reaction. Part of it was a deep gratitude that his existence was acknowledged at all; the other was a deep-seated anxiety that, with the clean up, something intimate to him could have been discovered. He looked to the wall and shelf on the right and saw that the plastic over canvases was only lightly dusted. Only a few people in the household would know how attached he was to the paintings. Finally being able to look at them after so long, he underwent the usual self-critique. There were elements that he left behind in his progress that were not missed, but others begged to be restored—such as softer colors and little outlining of the forms. He saw the raven, a stray tree, imaginings of fantasies and nightmares, and the woman of roses with the dove in her palm. It was just as awe inspiring as he first completed it some five years ago. Nearly spotless of any imperfection since then. Since then… Carefully, it was lifted up to eye level. The open gilded window let the afternoon sun pour through, creating a spotlight for her image. Out of habit in the sacred silence, when other thoughts did not dare disturb him, the young man fondly remembered the warmth that only she could give. No other woman, no matter how hard they tried, could compare to her naturally angelic disposition. So innocent. Yoli came up to his side, \"She looks just like your mother.\" Bradley nearly dropped the wooden frame. He noticed a burning sensation on his cheeks, \"Yeah. That's my mother, Lillian.\" Hands on hips, \"I know what her name is, silly!\" A chuckle from him gurgled dead in the throat when a sudden seriousness replaced her usual joking self, \"I had to clean up a mess in the downstairs hall just now. There's no little relative or pet that I can put the blame on, so..?\" Lips pursed for a split second, \"That's mine; must have been drunk or something. Being clumsy me.\" Shrugging his shoulders before putting on a concerned look, \"You should have made me clean it up for you; I'm sorry.\" It seemed that another half-honest answer convinced his audience. \"Well, it's fine now.. May I?\" Referring to the canvas still in his hands. It was placed in her care, she looking it over with glazed eyes, \"She was a good friend too.\" He was too young at the time to really catch that connection; he hoped that the word from her mouth wouldn't have affected him deeply as it did right now, \"Was she your best friend?\" In a questioning look, \"I can't say that; we were from two different worlds me and her. But being far away from my family and childhood friends, I considered her one. Tried to help her any way I could.\" A veil of sadness concealed the Puerto Rican's face, looking inward at elements of the past that she could better comprehend than the white young man standing next to her, \"I tried.\" She gently put the canvas back in its place against the wall, gave a little breath of air and then smiled at Bradley to ease her own pain. A strange jealousy mixed with curiosity of what she knew led to a number of questions raising themselves to the surface and up to his tongue. But by the way his \"nanny\" carried herself now, it seemed best to leave it alone. \"Are you making any friends at college, Bradley?\" A childish impulse would have been to bolt out of the room to avoid this sort of interrogation—\"Found that special someone yet?\" This was asked much too often. Just standing there in the setting sun, stiff and unable to move, believing that his feet were cemented to the floor. As discreetly as possible, he grated his teeth holding back an outburst. \"Bradley?\" A hand touched his. \"No. I haven't. Too focused on my studies for that.\" Orbs in his sockets gone steely. He did catch up on said studies as he could, but he could never confess of the guests involved with him in one of the most degrading ways imaginable. To put it lightly, he would be just as empty during the activity as before it started. Physical affection of that sort was no longer satisfying to him, beginning to feel revulsion towards it all. But again, she never had to know, \"I think coming across that 'special someone' would be detrimental to me, Yolanda.\" When her full name was spoken, the tone went severely unchecked. The woman drew her hand away, shrinking back, \"I thought that only your father was capable of that.\" That what? Scrunching his eyebrows in confusion as she began to leave the room, \"Wait. What do you mean?\" \"I didn't want to see you getting bitter as he did, that's all.\" What did I do? Blocking her in the hallway, \"Yoli.\" Her eyes averted away from an attempt at mirrored sorrow. Cradling her chin, \"Auntie?\" The tight hug might not have been enough for its length; his father was coming up the stairs looking worried. If not worried, then ticked, \"Son.\" \"See you later, honey.\" Running fingers in Bradley's hair before paying her respects to her owner and heading down to the next floor. Talking to his father now was the last thing he wanted. Bradley gave Alphonse a disdainful glance before heading back to his room where he planned to stay for the rest of the afternoon and evening. As he swerved in the opposite direction, his father clamped down on his shoulder to which he held back a gasp, \"Bradley.\" \"What do you want?\" He couldn't help but feel nervous under his perceived apathy, never bothering to look back at Uppercrust Senior. \"I want to have a chat with you,\" Alphonse motioning his head down the hall to that dreaded office, \"Come along.\" They could barely make eye contact. An effort was made to break the ice during the lethargic pace, \"You certainly took the time to clean up for the occasion. You look good.\" \".. Thanks.\" \"I'm glad you're doing well in your classes?\" It sounded as if Alphonse was still in disbelief that his son's focus on academic pursuits had all but vanished. The son felt a faint tinge of contentedness that his father actually cared to listen to his ramblings on the deck, but it soon diffused away after catching sight of the checker patterned floor. All he could say was a faltering note, \"yeah.\" Both fell silent for a minute upon entering. As if he had been mulling over what he had to say, Alphonse cleared his throat, \"Aren't you going to tell me what happened?\" \"What are you talking about?\" Bradley already had an idea. The old man placed a hand on the office desk, leaning against it slightly, \"I saw the daughter of Leopold outside, separated from the group at the party. Seemed that she was crying a little before then. Didn't give me any names, but I figured you had something to do with it.\" Damned women ruining everything. \"Oh. Her.\" A delicate smile for the odd hilarity suddenly building up inside him, \"If you must know she was trying to put the moves on me—\" pausing to see if his father understood the language, \"trying to seduce me.\" Then he lowered an eyebrow, \"And I didn't do a damn thing to her.\" Finding himself relishing in telling the truth more than he should have, Bradley twisted it to his advantage, \"I bet if you were in my shoes you would have complied, seeing as you've brought women home before.\" Heavy silence. Alphonse breathed heavily, \"I have. But I've told you long ago: I stopped doing that.\" His son scoffed, and he was compelled to add on, \"Just find a more respectful way— \"What the hell do you know about respect?\" Now loading his verbal gun with snippets of childhood memories—the intensifying of green in his father's hazel eyes gave the all-clear, \"You treated Lillian like dirt—a secondhand doll before she died. Then you beat on me for God knows how long!\" He didn't give time for the other to respond, his hand going out with a flair as he asked, \"Did Yoli ever find out about that?\" A joyous laugh from down below, outside, disrupted the mood. Alphonse shook his head once, wondering if any part of the child he knew was still buried in this angry rebel, \"No.\" Voice rising at every other second, \"How does a good woman like her and Lillian end up under your roof? How could they respect someone like you?\" The man crossed his arms over a black suit, responding in a stern tone, \"I'd prefer you call her 'mother'. She was my wife, not yours.\" Completely ignoring the implication, the son boldly reduced the large distance between them in stride, until he got up at his father's face, \"Did you really love her, Alphonse? \" The question rocked the older man to the core, but there was still some patience left in him, \"Of course I did,\" Against a leer of suspicion, \"and I still do.\" Lillian was much too painful of a subject; the interrogator was too close for comfort, \"Let's not— \"Not what?\" Now standing straight up, needing to cut off to another subject for more reasons than one, \"Tell me about college, Bradley. So you're not doing all the things I thought you were last time, right? \" This territory went way out of bounds. Bradley looked at him dangerously, dead in the eye, \"Of course not.\" And you never have to know. Alphonse's voice might have cracked halfway with a higher pitch than usual, during a desperate shot at humor mixed with mounting frustration, \"Then perhaps I have raised you well!\" \"Bullshit!\" Alphonse removed his glasses and set them on the desk in a brisk manner, \"Watch your tongue, boy.\" The fists glued to the young man's sides threatened to commit yet another assault at his old man—this time the father was quick to notice, \"Don't you dare!\" Alphonse still had a strength that the other could never possess. He squeezed at the arms in the air, struggling in vain to make their blow. Mouth still working, Bradley shouted never caring about who was within hearing range, \" You don't give a fuck about me and her! What have we ever done to you?! \" Finally a growl escaped Alphonse's lips. It would have been much easier to throw Bradley off and onto the ground and that would be the end of the inquiry. Or whirl him to the side of the desk. Every possible fighting move in his mental library had to be resisted at this crucial moment, \"Let go of it, Bradley. What's done is done.\" Eyes widened. Adding a tone of authority, \"You have to stop living in the past.\" The room awash with deep orange skies, sun lowering into the horizon. Pressured arms began to go limp in the father's grasp. Bradley took in a shaky intake of air, images of his father in an inferior, beaten position still reeling, the kind that begged for mercy. \"I'm sorry.\" You're not. \"No, you're not!\" Prying himself away, he found his glare directed not at his current enemy but at the floor under his feet. Anger at his father overshadowed a sliver of years gone by. \"You didn't care.\" Despite the poisonous accusation, he knew deep down that this was not the case… \"The one time I needed you, you weren't there.\" Nightmares rushed to the surface of the conscious mind. A growing pity took on Alphonse's impatience, having an undeniable fear of what his own son could do—not just to him but others as well. He realized that words were never going to convince his son no matter how hard he tried. But showing physical affection after its polar opposite was an even bigger challenge. At this point, there was nothing else to do. Despite their cold relationship for the past fifteen years, the last few months were unbearable lying in his son's absence. What are you doing? Bradley Uppercrust wanted to collapse; he needed to die in his father's arms as he didn't expect this sincere action from his own father ever again. Even as he tried to pull himself away from the embrace his old man just held on tighter. No. No..! A hand brushed through his sandy brown hair. The kid didn't understand why his heart pounded so frantically or why he felt his cheeks go so red—not out of a misplaced perversion, but of a childlike longing to be truly loved as he was supposed to be all this time. While an inner voice cried out for forgiveness, another with an extreme vengeance stamped itself onto the first until it choked. I'm supposed to hate you! It's all your fault! \"LET GO!\" It was then and there that he wished time would reverse for just a split second. The inner conflict left the boy shaking, and his father seemed more crestfallen than ever. There was nothing else to say. Alphonse obeyed the command and merely distanced himself as the room became darker. He then picked up the lenses on the desk, fitting them on before walking towards the exit with his shoulders slumped. Turning his head to face the product of his love for another one more time proved to be unbearable. A syllable failed to form, and he disappeared. \"… What have I done?\" For more time than he could perceive, the young man stood there unable to comprehend what had just happened. In less than an hour, he had driven off the last existing people that were intimately linked to his secret past. In the oncoming evening, the voices of the guests from outside only got louder and happier. No doubt that the people working under them were also enjoying the life that he could never have. He took a seat in father's regal chair behind the desk, feeling it over with calloused hands. He stared with strained eyes at a growing obscurity in front of him. There was no point in breaking down now if he couldn't have a shoulder to cry on. Looking at the liquor cabinet against the wall on his side, which promised a distraction from the cruel world he believed he was a part of against his purest wishes. He hoped that the flask he chose had enough to knock him out cold. To you, mother. ","Summary":" \"Oh no.\" The throat contracted with fingers pulling at the collar of a white dress shirt. He was "},{"Movie":"A Goofy Movie","Title":"Don't Even","Author":"IZZY-CHAN13","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12754697","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I can't stay here. I can't take any more of this imprisonment. I need to get out. Blindly I splash a glob of red ink onto the stretched canvas. Hot air escapes my quivering lips. I can barely breathe. I find myself searching for that box again… There's got to be something better tasting than this crap. I open a gilded window to let the thin trails slither out from my lit torch. Only when I can think clearly again I look back into the depths of my private studio. Well, actually, it's my bedroom. My dad's refused to set aside one of the countless rooms in the house for my only source of pleasure in this strange world. I take a deep token before coughing again; I keep on smoking to ease the mental tension, \"I want to get out.\" This is only wishful thinking. I've always thought about running away, but then… I look at the stretched canvas again, running fingers across my mother's hair, deep red. I prop my hand's tips to the background and prod continuously and haphazardly to create blossoms on the leave's green. Wiping the ink away, cigarette still in my mouth, I take up a brush and dip it into oil paint, watching it create wild blue streaks around her, above her for the sky… A dove in her palm takes on a definitive look. I fight myself from changing her into an angel, wings and halo and everything. She needs to be alive. With the color still drying I place the half finished work next to a raven, the yellow of its eyes staring me down. I try not to trip over a small stack of blank paper and pens on the floor, backing away to observe the rest. A myriad of senseless patterns and shapes and many hues overwhelms me. Yet, here in the isolation of my own little world, I'm home, away from Home. I can't just leave my art here! … I need more paint. \"Master Bradley?\" \"Don't call me that, Yoli!\" putting out the light against the window sill and striding across the hardwood floor to reach the door. I open it and poke my shagged hair out, \"Something wrong?\" It's a shame that my father would take this wonderful, exotic woman and reduce her to nothing more than a servant out of many in this estate. The afternoon sun glistened on dark mahogany braids and shone on her deep tan complexion. I barely paid attention to the direction of the corners of her bright red lips, \"Bradley! You been smoking again?\" She smelled the tobacco on me and within my room. No use trying to hide anything from her. Yolanda knows about life far more than I ever will. \"Yes m'am.\" I about scoffed at my sad attempt at formality, \"He doesn't care what I do.\" Her face nearly fell, \"Don't say that, mi'jito.\" She places her sweaty palms to my face. I just realized I'm about her height now. \"I'm sure he loves you very much. He just can't show it well.\" … You've got to be kidding me... I feign a smile. \"Can you bring your dirty clothes to the laundry room for me?\" She never buys it. Sometimes I wish she could. I need to work on my acting skills. I force a part of my head through the iron gate and play \"jail time\" with my hands gripping the bars. You think I'm playing? Getting out is not as easy as asking, \"Hey Dad—can you let me out? I wanna go somewhere.\" It's harder when you've developed the inability to make close friends that can bail you out. Whatever they spin about my dad, whatever wealth he might have—how famous he is among those big company names—I don't care. Not about what he has. Not what he is, either. I let go of the bars and whisk my way back to the mansion. My personal Alcatraz. What I wouldn't give to visit that place; we're all the way on the East Coast. New England. The place itself, where I live (unfortunately), is rather secluded. Walled in, whitewashed concrete slabs covered with ivy like an infestation. Nothing but trees with fallen leaves—a meadow practically—for a good 5 miles all around. It would be easy to follow the paved road to civilization… My dad would freak. He always wants me home, besides time away at school. His excuse? \"I won't lose you like I lost your mother.\" I'm smiling now, peering up at the cotton clouds, shot with the brightest pink imaginable. It was almost nauseating, had it not been for the warm orange ribbons leaving their marks as well. Yeah; good plan, Dad. I don't want anything to do with you. A small breeze brushes my hair; it's in my eyes, \"pfft!\" … It's gotten chilly. I can't be back in there. Not now. I finally spot a foreign car parked next to our own on the opposite side of the gate… Not back there. \"Why are you here again?\" That wasn't actually said; it was just thought out loud. A buxom woman settled in a seat a far ways next to me, I shuffling farther away. She let out a tiny pout before trying to get on my good side again, \"Please, Bradley—let me get to know you this time\" I pull my hand away from hers, burning holes into her being with a leer— \"You know me very well. I don't want you here!\" This faceless lady flushed like the rest of them before distancing away, just in time for the host's entrance. \"Is my son giving you any trouble?\" I turn away from his stern face. \"Not at all\" she giggled. Makes me want to— Calloused, rough hands run through my hair. I can't tell whether he wants to harm me or comfort me, \"Bradley. Pay your respects— One of the servants rolled in with the dinner cart and gave me a knowing look. I can't look my father in those soiled, mossy eyes. I bite my lip. \"She's our guest.\" \". . . Yes, Sir.\" My appetite was long gone. My energies were spent on this lady. It was obvious she wanted to gain his intimate trust. \"Business meeting\" or not, she was a flirt. \"Elaine\" needs to get out of this house now, before she gets any ideas. Any attempts to reach me were answered by my cold shoulder. I'd only talk to her openly if he happened to be there at the table with us. I could see Elaine getting annoyed with me now. Finally; she should be going home … It was now a quarter past ten—long after our mundane meal. I've been spying on them ever since they left the dining room, after helping out wash some of the dishes (there was little else to do). What could my dad see in her? What chance could she have to be a replacement for— True to his word, they were talking about the adult world of business and nothing else, sharing their third glass of wine together. While wondering how he could ever control his drinking in front of his guests, it was time for this Elaine to leave. But not without a goodbye kiss. He returned it on the cheek before leading her out the door and into the yard; I stayed behind. To see what they might be doing now would be devastating. \"Bradley?\" Yoli startled me, \"Why aren't you in bed?\" \"I don't have curfew.\" My baggy eyes weren't helping my cause. \"Tomorrow's a school day, young man.\" The light's still on in my room; I can't sleep. I felt a need to continue the painting of my mother. My angel. The reason why I exist! … There was no right to take her away so soon. If she had been there longer, \"things could have gone differently.\" I had forgotten to check the time on my red digit analog clock. \"Kid.\" My skin crawled when he opened the door. It was far too late to hide away my work, which my dad caught sight of. Clearing his throat, \"She told me how rude you were being, Son.\" This was typical of most women. With their sweet deceitful wiles. It made me sick. Alphonse Uppercrust is only a foot away from my perch on the stool. He strode past by me and felt around my open window, \"What's this?\" I continue dabbing the color back into Lillian's face. The gilded pane is shut just in time, \"What are you doing?\" \"Painting.\" He grabs my collar to force eye contact—\"No, kid.\" holding the discarded torch in front of my face, \"Where'd the hell did you get this? At school? On the street.\" My face is stone; I dare not say a word just yet... \"Was it from one of them? \" \"You got a lot of nerve, Dad—bunching up your servants with criminals.\" He nearly threw me off the seat; I made it much easier on him and landed on my feet. He was right; a servant did sneak it to me, but only with a hefty bribe attached. We are filthy rich, after all. \"You,\" he breathed, \"have a lot of nerve to be talking back to me , Bradley Uppercrust. Don't forget where you came from, and don't forget who you're destined to become—I had to laugh at this new scrap of a monologue— \"I came from Hell, and I'm destined to become another You? Not a chance—What now? You're going to hit me again after 3 accident-free years?!\" Dad was livid, hand raised and my back against the wall. The sight of my art to my left assured me that everything was going to be all right. I'm just glad he was still relatively sober for those moments. \"… Son, I'm trying.\" No pity from me this time. \"I really am.\" The hand goes down on my shoulder where he keeps a strong grip, \"I'm not doing that anymore, the affairs. Don't worry. I've learned to control my fleeting emotions— Except when you're drunk —\"Are you ever going to forgive me?\" My neck still craned to see past his façade; I'm trying to see past the reddened eyes and the watering of his sockets—\"No, Dad. Never.\" I wrench myself away from the wall and, out of personal rebellion, I fish out that box of independence, imagined freedom… 3 years of not hitting me when he's sober. That's a good record. I'm sure he felt bad after… I could see the dejectedness in his whole frame as I continued breathing in toxins, \" What? You drink. I smoke. It's only fair. \" Immediately he resumed composure; weakness is not an option in this household if you want to survive for 16 years. \"Know what, kid? I understand what you want now. You want to follow what the outside world has to offer. The common folk? I'll tell them to unlock the gate. You can get out of this house whenever you'd like. No restrictions. No curfew—I'll let you live your own life!\" I've kicked off my shoes and sat in my bed, close to the backboard. My eyes and ears are open wide to this titillating information— \"You've proven that you're so mature now. Let's all hope you make the best of it!\" The slamming of the door shocks the hallway. I'm puffing out rings and singing a little tune to celebrate a premature victory. ","Summary":" I can't stay here. I can't take any more of this imprisonment. I need to get out. Blindly I splash "},{"Movie":"Another Cinderella Story","Title":"Moments","Author":"Gabriella Somerfield","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10113594","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Moments – Declaration \"WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON?\" asked Joey, clearly outraged. Mary – his girlfriend Mary, had just appeared in the dinning room with a tray of drinks and in a grey maid type coat. She handed out the drinks and ran to get one for Joey's mother. As Dominique ordered her to the first course Joey grabbed her arm. \"What is going on?\" he asked. \"She's getting the first course,\" said his mother. \"No she's not what's going on?\" he asked. \"I'm the maid,\" mumbled Mary. Joey took a deep breath before turning to Dominique. \"You take her in after she's lost her mother and you make her the maid,\" he said. \"What's it to you?\" asked Dominique. Joey stood up and turned to Mary. \"Go and get all of yours things,\" he said. Mary nodded and ran out of the room. \"What's it to me?\" he asked. \"She's my girlfriend, she's not working for you, she's not living her anymore and I'm not doing a duet with you.\" Mouths gaped at the declaration, everyone was speechless as they tried to process that information and no one spoke apart from Dustin. \"From here on out I'm Joey's only manager. I think we're done here,\" said Dustin. \"Too right man,\" answered Joey. Eyes followed them as they left the room. Review Please Gabriella Somerfield[Chapter 2] Moments -Long Time No Kiss \"Ow oh!\" \"I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I was looking I just,\" apologized Mary, as Joey Parker crashed to the floor with her. Mary was in school, by her locker and she had just turned and crashed into pop superstar Joey Parker who had come back to the hills for his senior year. Joey got to his feet offering his hand to Mary and once she had gotten up. Natalia showed up. \"Hey Joey long time no kiss,\" said a voice, coming up behind them. Joey turned and found his face being pulled towards her pink painted lips. Joey pulled back, jumping back. \"Wow what are you doing?\" asked Joey. \"You can't call me back?\" asked Natalia. \"I was on tour in Japan and I dumped you,\" said Joey. \"But that was so long ago,\" sighed Natalia, stepping forward and resting a hand on his chest. Joey pushed her back lightly. \"Yes Natalia it was a year ago. I've moved on,\" said Joey. \"Moved on to who?\" asked Natalia. Joey smiled, reached out his hand and a small hand was put into it. Everyone gasped as Mary stepped forward and was pulled to Joey's side. \"Her?\" asked Natalia, in shock. \"Yes her,\" said Joey. \"Why her?\" asked Natalia. \"She's, she's a nobody.\" \"She's an amazing dancer and I lover her,\" answered Joey. With that he turned and kissed Mary. Review Please Gabriella Somerfield[Chapter 3] Moments – The Video \"Have you seen a girl here that can dance like you've never seen a girl dance before?\" asked Joey. \"Actually yes. It's funny because you're looking at-\" \"Oh I love you so much, Joey,\" gushed a voice. Mary and Joey turned to see that the twins had started playing Mary's old video to Joey. \"And you are totally kissable.\" \"This is for you.\" \"This can't be happening.\" \"Is that you?\" Mary started to run off. \"No, it's okay.\" \"Really?\" asked Mary, turning round. \"Joey's she's a freak!\" shouted Natalia. \"So you really think I'm totally kissable?\" asked Joey. \"Are you making fun of me?\" asked Mary. \"No, no I think it was really cute,\" smiled Joey. \"I was eleven,\" answered Mary. \"That makes it even cuter,\" whispered Joey, as he reached forward to cup Mary's face. \"JOEY!\" shouted Natalia. All sounds, all the world faded away as Joey pulled Mary towards her, one hand cupping her face as he guided to his. His other hand wrapped around her waist. Review Please Gabriella Somerfield ","Summary":" Moments – Declaration \"WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON?\" asked Joey, clearly outraged. Mary – his girlf"},{"Movie":"Another Cinderella Story","Title":"I'm Nothing Like Cinderella","Author":"Devils-lil-dancer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9593968","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 'Sup? My name is Spencer Pierson, I am 18 years young and I was born in Woodbridge, Virginia. My mother died and then my father got married to a witch of a woman and her evil twin daughters. Then he passed away as well leaving me with them but now I can leave them. I still have the necklace now, it's a heart locket with a key attached to it. I wear it every day because its all I have of my mother. So I pushed myself in school and made sure that I got straight A's so that I could get a scholarship and leave my horrible family and Ireland behind. I got my scholarship and I moved to London to go to the University of Roehampton, for English and dance. Dance is my passion and I plan on getting a job at the closest dance studio so that I can pay for all of my bills. Anyways, my favorite color is orange and I love to dance. My favorite flower would be lily's and my favorite animal would be a parrot. I am might be a dancer but I am more of a tomboy than anything, for I love baggy clothes and wearing boy clothes 'cause they are comfy. Also I love to make string bracelets and anklets 'cause it gives me something to do on my free time. I have to go bye![Chapter 2] Alright, so I am changing this story a little bit considering the fact that it was moving a little too fast and about the fact that I am American... born and raised. Therefore, don't know anything about England, what they do, what schools, they have, etc. SO if anyone would like to be my beta that is British that would be wonderful otherwise I will work on this on my own and hopefully not embarrass myself or yah know somehow make fun of the Brits in some shape or form. So thanks and the chapter will be up soon. Thanks for listening to my rant! :)[Chapter 3] Alright so the first chapter doesn't really change cause my beta said that it was fine... i just added some stuff to it to make it more interesting. I hope you enjoy! Chapter 1: Welcome to London! A small smile broke out on my face as I exited the airport and into the busy streets of main London. I quickly hailed a taxi and said, \"University of Roehampton,\" he nodded his head and drove there. When we pulled up I smiled slightly as I paid the driver and hopped out of the cap, bringing my dance bag and suitcase with me. I didn't have a lot of clothes or money but I knew that everything would change now that I am away from my hateful 'family.' You see for about five years I lived with a family that hates me and used me as a slave for their own personal reasons. However, I didn't let them push me down because I wanted to pursue my dream of becoming a professional dancer and having an English background. So I made sure that all of my grades were perfect and that I didn't get into any trouble. I dragged my suitcase behind me and quickly walked into the reception area and walked towards the desk. \"Excuse me,\" I said softly and the woman looked at me then back at her screen. \"Um… I'm Spencer Pierson and I need my key for my room.\" I swiftly said, licking my lips nervously as I looked at her. \"Ah, yes, Miss Pierson, you are late,\" she said looking at me as if I were a troublemaker. \"I know but my family tried to make me stay home,\" and its true they even locked my bedroom door, so I had to climb down from my room in the attic with my bag and suitcase. I road my skateboard all the way from my house to the airport; where I had to re-buy my ticket since they shredded my first one. \"Here is your key, timetable, and map of the school, and your roommate is already here and in her room.\" She said not even looking up from her computer at me. \"Thank you,\" came my soft reply as I grabbed everything and quickly walked over to the elevator, no lifts, that's what they call it! to my room, dragging my suitcase behind me. When I found my room, I quickly put my key in and opened the door. I found my roommate sitting on the couch reading a magazine. She looked up with a smile on her face but when she saw what I was wearing, she raised an eyebrow and turned back to her magazine, ignoring me as if I wasn't there. 'Great,' I thought, rolling my eyes as I walked into the other room and threw my trunk on the bed. I started to unpack all of my clothes into the dresser, once everything was put up I set my trunk at the edge of my bed, and then I started to put my toiletries where I could in the bathroom that I had to share with my roommate. Then once all of that was done I walked back into my room and set my dance bag on top of my trunk. Then I started to hang up my pictures/photographs on the wall above my bed. A sigh escaped my mouth and a small smile came to my face as I thought, 'I'm finally free, they can't order me around here.' I looked up when I heard someone open the door and talking going on in the living room. Then I clicked my tongue and pushed myself up off my bed. I grabbed my keys, slipped my room key on the ring, grabbed my skateboard, and then I walked out of my room, towards the dorm door. I was about to open the door when someone say, \"Hey.\" Sighing I slowly turned towards the person and raised an eyebrow as in saying, 'what.' \"I'm Samantha, Samantha Jenkins, what's your name?\" my roommate asked watching me from where she sat on the couch. I crossed my arms over my chest and answered back, \"Spencer, Spencer Pierson\" I said shortly. She nodded her head, pushed herself off the couch and walked over to me,then she held out her hand. \"What do you say we start over? i mean I didn't welcome you here at all. What do you say roommate?\" She asked. I bit my lip and slowly nodded, I shook her hand and smiled slightly as she pulled me towards the couch. She pushed me down and sat next to me so that she was facing me. I adjusted myself so that I was facing her, making sure that she wasn't going to pull anything. \"So... what is your favorite color?\" she asked and I raised an eyebrow at how she started. \"What?\" she asked, seeing the look on my face. \"It was awkward! What was I supposed to say?\" She asked looking offended, then she laughed lightly, \"so, what is your favorite color?\" I thought it over and spoke softly, \"Orange... what bout ya?\" I asked as my Irish accent came out a little, while mixing with my American accent. \"Of course, it's pink and purple,\" she said while flicking her hair. I mean I could see that because all she was wearing was pink and purple. I mean I'm wearing pants because I don't like wearing shorts, unless it's dance. I smiled slightly and nodded my head as was started to talk back and forth and before I knew it she had to leave. I looked down at my watch, grabbed my skateboard, and waved as I got up, opened the door and walked out of the building. Once I was on the sidewalk I sat my skateboard down and skated off down the road. After awhile I came across a dance studio, I stopped and but my lip thinking, 'should I or should I not.' Finally, I decided and I kicked up my skateboard walking towards the door. I opened the door; the bell rang above me as I walked in. \"Hello,\" I called and I was about to leave when I saw someone call out 'hold on.' I waited by the front desk and I smiled when I saw a woman probably in her late 50s walk towards me. \"What can I do for you dear?\" she asked smiling slightly at me and I gave her a small smile back. \"I was wonderin' if there were any teachin' openin's.\" I quipped and her smile got even bigger. \"Yes, dear I have ballet, contemporary and hip hop classes that need a teacher because our teacher that taught those classes went to another studio. What is your name and have you taught before?\" She questioned getting out a sheet on paper from behind the desk. \"My name is Spencer Pierson and I was a student teacher at my other studio in Mullingar. I am in collage now at Roehampton to become a professional dancer,\" I said back to her as I looked up at her. \"Well my name is Carol and I need you to fill out this application so that I can give it to my manager and see what she says.\" I nodded my head and grabbed the clipboard with the application attached and a pen from the counter. I filled everything out and handed her back the application. \"Alright I will call you when I talk to my boss.\" \"Thank ya,\" I said softly while smiling softly, she just nodded and smiled. I grabbed my skateboard and left the shop with a smile, it was small but it was there. Then I quickly skated home when I saw that the sky was getting darker and less people were out. When I got into my dorm room it seem that my roommate was gone, which didn't bother me any, I mean she's nice but he will probably only be an acquaintance. I took my shower, brushed through my hair and pulled it back into a messy bun, took my contacts out and put my glasses on. Then I slipped on my pajamas, grabbed my book, and slipped under my covers with my lamp light on making the room brighten up. About two hours later I heard the door open and a drunken laugh come from in front of my door as my roommate stumbled to her room. I rolled my eye and as I was reaching up to turn my light off, my cell phone went off. I leaned over, after I put my book up and unlocked my phone. I bit my lip as I clicked on the messages box and low and behold it was my step-mother. She said that, \"I needed to get the next flight home because I was not permitted to go and leave.\" I just rolled my eyes, plugged my phone in and turned it off, and then set my glasses on my nightstand table. I closed my eyes and let myself fall into the black abyss of sleep. Sooo... what do ya think? ","Summary":" 'Sup? My name is Spencer Pierson, I am 18 years young and I was born in Woodbridge, Virginia. My mo"},{"Movie":"Another Cinderella Story","Title":"Another Cinderella Story Continued","Author":"katnissandpeetaaretoocute","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11341520","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Another Cinderella Story or do I claim too; my work below is merely just a continuation of the film in my eyes. Credit goes to the author for creating and inspiring me to write my own fan-fiction. Since this is the first time I have ever wrote/published anything I would appreciate it if you kept that in mind! \"Mary?\" \"Yeah\" \"Can you plug my phone into the stereo for me\" \"Of course I can\" Of all the songs he could've picked, he happened to pick ours. That got me thinking. As if any of this is real right now, Mary wake up... why are you doing this to us? That's when it hits me that I'm actually free . 'You're the new classic; you're the new PYT, stands for paid young taking on the world from the driver's seat...' \"As much as I love this, where are we going to stay Joey?\" \"Do you not trust me at all, I got this all planned out. What's my name?\" \"Joey Parker...\" \"That's right now what's my name?\" \"Joey Parker\" \"Now one last time, what's my name?\" \"Joey Parker, the second best dancer in the world!\" For that Joey starts tickling me, so like any girlfriend would do to stop their boyfriend from tickling them I silence him with a kiss. \"I will never get tired of kissing you.\" \"Good cause I wouldn't want you too.\" Holding that in mind I settle into my seat, it's been a long day. \"Mary, wake up… were finally here!\" \"Joey what are all those girls doing outside the car park?\" \"I have a slight suspicion that it's something to do with Dominique. Let's forget about that for now though, so I can show you our new place .\" \"You mean your new place.\" \"No, I'm serious, this is our new place. I will eventually have to go back on tour soon and I want you to be safe while I'm gone.\" \"Thank you.\" I say not mentioning the fact that they have dorms on campus of Manhattan's school of dance. After Joey gave me an in depth tour of 'our' new place. He mentioned ordering food, something that I would never say no to. Calling for Chinese did not take long at all, even better I had time to go see if Joey was still showering. \"Joey where are your DVDs?\" \"One second...\" Joey's POV Putting on a pair of bottoms, I realized that I forgot to bring a top into the bathroom. It's not like Mary's going to care right? Turning the corner into my bedroom, I find Mary. \"Joey... ummh, there you are.\" \"Mary Santiago, are you checking me out?\" \"Pfttt no.\" \"Really?\" I say walking towards her. *Buzzz* \"I should go get that, don't wanna to keep the delivery guy waiting!\" \"Hahaha sure you don't, cash is by the table next to the door.\" \" Righttt , I knew that.\" After eating the food and placing a film into the DVD player, Mary and I settle down into the couch. Eventually going our separate ways to sleep for the night. For some reason, I wake up to hear thrashing in the room next door... MARY! \"Mom please don't go, don't leave me. STAY. You can stay.\" \"Mary wake up, it's me... your fine. You're safe; everything's going to be okay.\" I hate to see her like this. It doesn't help that she's such a deep sleeper, I'll never be able to get her to fully wake up from this nightmare that she's having. So I call Dustin, regardless of the time. \"The funk is here, its 3 am in the morning what do you want? Speak fast.\" \"Its JP, Mary's having this really bad nightmare and she won't wake up. Is Tami there?\" On the other end of the line, I hear Dustin waking Tami up. \"Joey, what's wrong!? Mary's okay right?\" \"She won't be if she stays in the sleeping state that she's in for much longer.\" \"She's not waking up!?\" \"MOM, DON'T GO.\" \" Not again! From what I know, I mean whenever Mary used to be like this her dad would sing to her, that is before the douche bag left.\" \"K, thanks for the help Tami. I gotta go .\" \"Mary, you're the new classic. You're the new PYT, stands for paid young taking on the world from the driver's seat. You look so fantastic...\" All of a sudden, out of the corner of my eye. Mary wakes up with pools of tears running down her face. \"Mary look everything's going to be okay. In a week's time, you'll be starting Dance school in Manhattan. You're going to make your mother even more proud than she already is. Heck, you're making me proud, and I've only just come into your life. You have nothing to worry about.\" After about half an hour of reassuring Mary that everything's going to be fine, along with a bunch of hugs and tears. Her eyes start to close, yet she forcefully pushes then back open over and over again. \"Mary you need to go to sleep, would it help if I stayed with you?\" \"Would you?\" \"Of course, what are boyfriends for?\" Lying in bed, staring out into the night sky I managed to stay up thinking. Maybe it's time that I start writing some new songs. After all, Mary being my Muse has helped me more than ever, she deserves to have a whole album dedicated to her. Mary's POV Turning over I see Joey lying awake next to me. \"Morning\" \"Morning, you okay now?\" \"Thanks to you, yes\" \"Want to go out to get something to eat?\" \"Sounds good.\" Thankfully, it doesn't take me or Joey long to get ready. Although getting outside of the apartment is going to be harder than it looks. \"Joey paparazzi are surrounding the building… what are we going to do?\" \"We are going to go outside, and walk through the crowd as if no one wants to see us. The paparazzi are most likely going to play up the fact that you are officially my girlfriend, but who cares? As long as we're happy then that's all that matters.\" \"Mary, Joey over here!\" \"Mary!\" \"Mary over here, sources have mentioned the fact that your mom's anniversary is coming up. How do you feel about her not being here?\" \"Your mom passed away... Isn't superstar Dominique your mother!?\" \"Joey, I can't do this.\" \"Mary, it's okay! They're just trying to get something out of you.\" \"You have no family left is this correct?\" \"Why does this matter to all of you? I can't help it.\" Tears start endlessly running down my eyes and I can't stop them. I do the only thing that I can think of, with that in mind I push my way through the crowd and run… In the background I hear Joey calling my name. I can't wait though ... I really hope that you guys reading this thought that it was okay. Saying that I just wanted to apologize for constantly changing the point of view, and also for the fact that the whole story is basically comprised of dialogue. Remember that I'm completely new to this so please tell me what I might be doing wrong or really just anything like that, I don't exactly have that much of a plan as to where this story is going to go... so if you have any suggestions then don't hesitate to comment. Please review if you have the time![Chapter 2] Disclaimer: I do not own Another Cinderella Story or do I claim too; my work below is merely just a continuation of the film in my eyes. Credit goes to the author for creating and inspiring me to write my own fan-fiction. Since this is the first time I have ever wrote/published anything I would appreciate it if you kept that in mind! For a while, I don't stop running. I feel my phone going off repeatedly, but that's not enough to push out the image of my mother. As the sky starts to turn into night I pace myself into a slow run, my vision going all blurry. Only once have I felt this way before, of course, Dominique didn't help me. I feel myself starting to faint... So I put my hand out towards the ground trying to break my fall. The only thing I manage to break before I black out turns out to be my wrist. My eyes re-open slightly to a bright light. \" Joey? Joey... Where am I? \" Well, my voice is hoarser than I thought it would be. Joey's POV All day, all day I let her be alone thinking that she would be okay. I should've known. Why would the paparazzi do that to her? Waiting by the phone for Mary to call me back, the last thing I expected was a nurse from the hospital concerned about her. Then it hit me, the girl I loved was currently lying in a hospital bed all alone. \"Dustin, are you there?\" \"Yep, we're almost at your place... Then we can find Mary. Don't worry JP I'm sure she's safe.\" \"I'm at the hospital; you should bring Tami over here.\" I let her down, it's the last thing I wanted to do. \"Joey Parker, I'm Susan. When the paramedics found Mary, she was extremely dehydrated to the point where we had to put a drip in her arm. As I imagine anyone would do upon falling down, Mary put out her hand to break her fall. Now in that process her wrist snapped quite unusually, our specialist looked over it though. It's in a highly protected cast now, luckily for her we imagine that her wrist will heal without needing surgery. Although for Mary this will mean that she can't dance for a while. If she even tries to do anything with her left hand, you're going to have to take over and stop her... It's very important that you do so.\" \"Okay, can I see her now?\" \"Of course, she's been saying your name repeatedly for the past hour or so.\" \"Mary?\" \"Joey?\" \"I'm sorry I let you down. I should've listened to you. It's all my fault that the paparazzi were ambushing you and not me...\" \"Joey stop its okay, I'm fine.\" \"You're in a hospital bed how can you say that?\" \"I grew up experiencing many types of pain that I had to learn to endure; I have a high tolerance for things like this.\" \"Don't move. I've just got to do something real fast and then I'm yours.\" Putting a hallway of complete distance between me and Mary... I make a phone call. \"Hi, is this Manhattan's school of dance?\" \"Hello there. Yes, you are correct, how can I help you?\" \"Your new student, Mary Santiago. She's supposed to start next week, yet she can't... She's currently lying in a hospital bed with the nurse on duty telling me that she's going to need quite a bit of time to heal.\" \"Dance class starts next week.\" \"You don't understand, Mary learns things a lot faster than you'd expect. Give her, however much time that she needs, and I'll host a concert with your students as my backup dancers... Including Mary when she gets back.\" \"That could work, I'll be in touch. Tell Mary to feel better soon.\" Entering the room I see Mary looking all flustered. \"Don't try to move your wrist Mary. It needs time to heal.\" \"But dance, what am I going to do about school?\" I can't take it for much longer; this girl really knows how to pull on my heartstrings. Enclosing her in a hug, I tell her about the deal I made with her new dance teacher. \"Mary!\" \"TAMI, what are you doing here?\" \"I heard what Dominique said to the paparazzi, so I went around to the house and just about lost it.\" \"Just about lost it, is that what we're calling it now ?\" \"Dustin?\" \"Hey, Mary… Brought you some flowers. Before I forget, JP can I have a real quick word with you?\" \"Do we have to do this now; I told Mary that I wasn't going to leave her…\" \"Tami's here I'll be fine. I think I might get some sleep anyway. After you're done with your talk, can we go home?\" \"Not until the nurse says so.\" Why is it that best friends always know what each other are thinking? \"Dustin, I know what you're going to say. And I'm not leaving Mary right now; ever since we've been in New York she's been non-stop thinking about her mother. I'm not going to add more stress factors to her life.\" \"Most I can hold everyone off is another month, after that we have to go.\" Dustin seemingly went back into Mary's room whilst I held back for a while. \"The nurse just ran into me in the hall. She's decided to keep Mary in overnight; they want to monitor her hydration levels. Apparently it was really bad when she was brought in… here are the keys to our apartment. You guys are welcome to stay in the guest bedroom.\" Leaving Mary and Tami here, whilst Dustin and I are forced to go back on tour is going to be hard. How am I going to tell the girl I love that I have to leave for 6 months to travel around the world? Better yet, how am I going to make her stay in dance school and not follow me? Sorry that this chapter was kind of short, hopefully you enjoyed it though...?[Chapter 3] Disclaimer: I do not own Another Cinderella Story or do I claim too; my work below is merely just a continuation of the film in my eyes. Credit goes to the author for creating and inspiring me to write my own fan-fiction. Since this is the first time I have ever wrote/published anything I would appreciate it if you kept that in mind! Oh and just a heads up that the characters may be a little bit OC due to my lack of writing fan-fiction. :) Mary's POV \"Mary Santiago, would you like to go home... That is on one condition?\" \"Yes! Wait what's the condition?\" \"I get to carry you to the car because the nurses said that you'll be feeling weak even though they gave you a drip. Plus I mean you went on an extremely long run... It's just for the best?\" \"Fine, you know you're starting to sound like Tami right?\" \"Hahaha so be it!\" \"Joey are you sure that you're going to be able to lift me up, I'm pretty heavy?\" \"You're not backing out on me are you?\" With that Joey painlessly picked me up, and carried me through the doors into the car park. \"Wait where's the paparazzi?\" \"Gone, Dustin tipped them off early this morning.\" \"K...\" With that in mind, I fall asleep, right before we even get to the car. Joey's POV For the past few days, at least since I brought Mary home, she's been acting strange. Maybe I'm just more transparent than I think I am... Either way it seems like she's obliging closely to the nurse's orders. Mary has not lifted a finger around the house recently. Although each night before dinner she's started locking herself in her room for about an hour, not even Tami is allowed in. Mary's POV Being secretive doesn't feel like the right thing to do, but all of them are being that way towards me. I know that Joey has to go on tour. But why now, why does this have to happen when everything finally feels right? With silent footsteps, I climb out of the apartment's window. Just because I have a broken wrist doesn't mean that I can't still dance. So step by step I make my way to the roof, allowing the cold feel of the metal steps to hit the heel of my feet. Without even realizing it an hour passes by, the New York City skyline is looking inevitably beautiful at this time of night. Multitasking between looking at the pretty view, my feet dance around the area never missing a beat. \"So this is what you've been up to for the past few days?\" I stop moving in my tracks, knowing that I'm going to be given a lecture on why I should listen to nurses. \"Don't stop!\" \"No, it's fine; I was just working on my tango.\" \"Need any help?\" \"Would you?\" \"Of course, how could I not dance with my beautiful girlfriend?\" Joey being the gentlemen that he is offers me a hand, smoothly pulling me towards him. After a while of peaceful silence, I decide to tell him about what's been on my mind. \"You know, I would've never of thought that I'd have a chance to leave Dominique's house... Let alone live in New York. I know that you're going to have to leave in a couple weeks. Go back on tour with Dustin. You should have just told me, Joey.\" \"How could I, everything feels right at the minute. Us living together… being in a relationship. I didn't want this news to change anything, put a strain on our relationship. How could I leave you behind, Mary?\" \"Well it's quite simple actually; you see sadly couples have to be away from each other sometimes. Fortunately, as it's us something tells me that we'll be fine. Thank God it's only 6 months. Plus I've been thinking, when dance school is on break, I'll come visit you.\" \"You really have been selflessly planning this out haven't you?\" \"I didn't want you to just leave and forget about me, as we both know that you will be surrounded by loads of different pretty girls.\" \"See now that would never happen.\" \"You say that but…\" All of a sudden I'm silenced by the presence of fingers placed upon my lips. \"Mary stop. I love you, only you. No one else.\" Before I'm able to process what Joey just said he continues to speak. \"We should probably head back, at least before anyone else is to 'stumble' upon your hideout.\" \"Piggyback me to the stairs?\" \"With pleasure.\" A month appears to slip away faster than either Joey or I thought. With that in mind, we don't waste a day apart. The good news off this all is that the nurses say I will finally be able to have my cast off. I can start dance school before Joey leaves! What did you guys think then?... If you have the time then please write down your thoughts of the story into a review, maybe I'll even send you a preview of the next chapter! ;) ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Another Cinderella Story or do I claim too; my work below is merely just a"},{"Movie":"Oz the Great and Powerful","Title":"Oz the Great and Powerful II: The Return of the Wicked Witches","Author":"bluecinderella4","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11478069","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Don't ask me how I got this idea because I have no definite answer. My guess is while making some observations on how Oz: The Great & Powerful's Glinda bore some similarities to Odette, a story idea was born…in the form of a very detailed outline that pretty much covered every story aspect to tackle. Let's get a few things clear: no, this is not based off of the first Swan Princess movie. Instead, the plot was borrowed from the 3 rd one, Mystery of the Enchanted Treasure/Kingdom (the title varies but my video says 'Treasure'). So if you haven't seen it then you can expect some spoilers. Also take note that I have fit this story to Oz: The Great & Powerful canon so some major adjustments had to be made. The biggest two? Because I had to include both wicked witches, the sisters share the villain role (which in the third Swan Princess movie was Zelda). And this story won't feature Uberta & Roger's subplot. God I hope I didn't confuse anyone in this new fandom. Basically if you're familiar with my work then you'll recognize that I take one medium and set it to another medium all the while keeping characters and continuity from the first medium. I'm not so good at explaining. Anyway, that's enough from me. Let's just get on with the story. A figure in a cloak walked center through the city with a flying monkey on its right and a little girl made of China on its left. That cloaked figure was Oscar Diggs, the prophesized \"Great and Powerful\" Wizard of Oz who was believed to have \"shed his mortal shell and taken on an ethereal form\". It's not like anyone noticed him though. Every Emerald City citizen (as well as Winkies, Quadlings, Munchkins, Gillikins, and other characters from the various locations of Oz) had been distracting themselves planning for the upcoming celebration. \"Geez, I don't think I've ever seen so much green,\" Oscar commented as he watched various Emerald City citizens put up decoration after decoration after decoration. \"Is all this really necessary?\" \"Hey, it's a party in your honor,\" Finley, Oscar's flying monkey friend, put a strong (sarcastic sounding) emphasis on the pronoun. China Girl, Oscar's other companion, nodded her head in agreement. \"The town wants to celebrate your first full year as Wizard of Oz.\" \"And it's first full year free from the wicked witches.\" \"Yeah, but,\" Oscar watched as Munchkins stood atop one another to put up a streamer, \"a little color variety wouldn't hurt.\" \"Yeah, well you're dead; you don't really have a say in party decor.\" \"But you forget, Monkey, that I never said I was dead. I said I had 'shed my mortal shell and taken on my true ethereal form'. In fact: Oscar is going to make a triumphant return during the celebration.\" \"And how are you gonna convince the hundreds of Ozians who saw you 'shed your mortal shell' that you've put it back together?\" \"Relax, I've got it all worked out. See, Glinda's going to make her big speech to the crowd and then introduce 'The Great and Powerful Wizard of Oz'. That's when I come out as Oscar, and explain that I have spent most of the year using my powers to duplicate my mortal form…with Glinda's help of course.\" \"Of course,\" both Finley and China Girl remarked in unison. Oscar scowled at them. \"I am perfectly capable of performing magical tasks without Glinda, thank you very much.\" Finley and China Girl's 'are you serious' looks conveyed the response to that statement. \"Okay maybe perfectly is a strong word.\" \"And besides,\" China Girl made sure no one around her except Finley and Oscar were listening before she whispered, \"you don't have magic.\" \"Well…technically Oscar doesn't have magic; but that doesn't mean that the Great and Powerful Wizard of Oz doesn't.\" \"But he doesn't.\" \"And we're keeping that our little secret.\" China Girl put her palm to her forehead. \"I think I'm confused.\" \"Let's talk about something else,\" Finley suggested. \"I'll open a new topic: what exactly are we doing?\" \"I volunteered us to help with town decorations,\" Oscar casually responded. \"This is considered helping? Walking around just looking at everything?\" \"Yes: we're supervising.\" Finley glowered at him. \"Look, if we stayed at the castle we'd definitely be put to work on the cleaning crew.\" \"What's wrong with that?\" \"Well it doesn't seem like such a chore for you; you can fly. I'm a mortal man.\" \"So?\" \"Mortal men don't do cleaning.\" \"Yeah, but Oscar-\" \"I know you're all for helping and what not-and that is very noble of you, Monkey-but it'd be rather pointless to have me there and just get in the way. The cleaning works a lot faster if Glinda just waved her magic wand.\" \"But Oscar-\" \"So if you want to help fly up and hang a banner, be my guest.\" \"Oscar!\" \"What?\" Finley flew up and whispered something in his ear. Oscar chortled at him. \"Oh, come on, Finley, you're being paranoid; no one's going to find those.\" \"Find what?\" China Girl questioned. \"Just some stuff I need for my magic. I keep it in a special room so that nothing happens to it.\" \"What special room?\" \"You think I'm really going to tell you?\" \"I promise I won't go snooping. Is your special room in your office? The throne room? Your bedroom? The kitchen? The bathroom?\" \"You can keep guessing 'til your blue in the face, but I won't tell you.\" China Girl gasped and put her hands to her face. \"My face will turn blue?!\" \"No, that's just an expression we use where I come from. Guessing too much won't actually turn your face blue.\" \"Then why do people where you come from say that?\" Oscar shrugged. \"We have a lot of weird sayings where I come from.\" … Meanwhile in the Dark Forest, Theodora, the Wicked Witch of the West, stood in her castle over a bubbling cauldron. \"The spell is almost complete, Sister,\" she spoke to an old crone standing nearby. \"Soon, your powers will be restored to you.\" \"I admit, I had my doubts,\" Evanora (the Wicked Witch of the East) made her way to the balcony, \"but Mother did always like to be prepared for circumstances like this.\" \"Your decision to hide out in our safe-house was a truly brilliant idea.\" \"This was our first home. It was the home where we were bestowed our gifts. It seemed only fitting mother should hide the spells here.\" The cauldron boiled. \"It's time.\" Theodora held out her green hand, \"I need your emerald ring sister.\" Evanora removed the ring from her hand and stared at it. \"The only thing I was able to escape Emerald City with.\" \"And now it shall be the source that holds all of your powers.\" \"As well as my beauty?\" \"If we followed the instructions carefully and gathered the right ingredients.\" Evanora scoffed. \"My, Sister, you sound so sure.\" \"You're better suited for conjuring spells than I am! This doesn't require magic; you should have been the one doing this!\" \"I can not! I could not have touched the spell's ingredients. The power restoring spell must be prepared by someone of my blood. Besides,\" Evanora slowly made her way toward the cauldron, \"someone had to search the castle for the spells.\" Theodora growled. \"If only we could have escaped with our forbidden spells.\" \"They are more than likely long gone. If Glinda had found those spells she would have destroyed them by now.\" Evanora sighed. \"Though it would be grand to have the formula for the power to alter.\" \"And the power of creation.\" \"And let's not forget-\" \"The power of instant death,\" the sisters finished together before cackling to themselves. \"Here,\" Evanora passed the ring to her sister. Theodora took the ring and dropped it into the cauldron. Immediately after there was an explosion and a burst of emerald green light shot out from the cauldron and encompassed the castle. The sisters watched in amazement as the light disappeared and a drinking goblet appeared in the center of the room. Somewhat uncertainly, Theodora took the goblet and passed it to her sister. \"Drink this.\" Evanora took the goblet, put her to her lips, and swallowed the potion. Once she drank every last drop, her face was of pure disgust. \"I had no idea it would taste so bitter.\" \"Do you feel anything, Sister?\" \"Only a dreadful after taste\" Evanora handed her the empty goblet. \"You must have made a mistake.\" \" I must have?\" This time Theodora scoffed. \"Surely that last remark was the mistake.\" \"You were the one who-\" Evanora suddenly stopped and put her hands to her throat as she began to choke. \"Evanora?\" Theodora showed genuine concern for her sister. Gasping for air, Evanora fell to the floor. Reaching up for her sister, she managed to choke out, \"My hand.\" Two things had taken effect on Evanora's right hand: her wrinkles were disappearing and her emerald ring reappeared on her finger. \"The spell, it's working!\" Evanora brought her hand back to her throat as an excited Theodora watched the spell's effects continue (including Evanora's gray hair returning to its former brown). Evanora tried to choke out some more words before going limp and falling face down onto the floor. \"Sister?\" Theodora quietly called her name before slowly moving toward her sister. When Evanora made some sort of movement, Theodora backed away. \"Evanora?\" Evanora, her beauty restored to her, looked up at her sister. \"Theodora, you've done it,\" Evanora rose to her feet and twirled around. \"My beauty has been restored to me.\" \"So? I made this potion so that your magic would return and we could take our revenge on the wizard. What good is this potion unless-\" Evanora put her finger to her lip to silence her sister. When she had Theodora's complete attention, Evanora magically created a streak of emerald lightning in her hand. \"Well, Sister,\" Evanora had a Cheshire-cat grin on her face, \"I believe this is cause to celebrate.\" \"A peculiar choice of words; you know very well that those foolish creatures will be throwing a celebration soon in honor of their wizard.\" \"No. They'll be celebrating our return.\" Evanora held out her hand for her sister to take. \"Come Sister, I believe it's time to put our plans into actions.\" Merely a setup chapter; I had to find a way for Evanora to get her powers back. And the castle that the sisters have taken residence in is supposed to be the Haunted Castle from The Wizard of Oz in case you couldn't tell. Continuity is a friend and I'm trying to keep it. I also tried to pay homage to the scene in Snow White & the Seven Dwarfs (the movie that inspired Wizard of Oz ) where the Evil Queen drinks the potion. Character List : Oz/Oscar: Prince Derek. The male protagonist who will have to face dark magic despite not having powers of his own. Glinda: Princess Odette. The female protagonist always caught in the middle of good vs. evil and beloved ruler of her kingdom. Evanora & Theodora both take on the role of Zelda, the evil sorceress who wants back the supposedly destroyed formula to the Forbidden Arts (which is like the equivalent of dark magic). There may also be a hint of Rothbart in there, but I'm not sure yet. And basically Finley, China Girl, Tinker, and Knuck take on the roles of the animal sidekicks. I kinda have them alternating parts so that's why I just grouped them together . Okay, so have I screwed this up so far? Feel free to leave any feedback.[Chapter 2] Don't really have much to say. You'll hear less and less from me as the story goes on (thank God). Anyway, here's the next chapter. \"It appears Mother left behind a veritable treasure trove,\" Theodora noted as the sisters searched their castle dungeon. \"Though I doubt it's anything of real worth to us.\" \"On the contrary,\" Evanora was holding a large crystal ball similar to the one she had used in the Emerald City, \"this will be our access for seeing what's going on in the Emerald City among other places. Theodora, be a dear and fetch me a dagger.\" \"A dagger?\" \"Anything with a sharp edge will do, really.\" \"Sister, I don't-\" \"Do as I said,\" Evanora carried the orb up the stairs as her sister stayed behind confused. … \"It is rather peculiar how I'm not more familiar with this palace,\" Glinda was talking with the Master Tinker as they entered the throne room. \"It always seems there's something new to discover.\" \"Well your highness has stayed at her castle in Quadling Country a long while,\" Tinker reminded. \"Perhaps too long a while,\" In a moment of quiet remembrance, Glinda slowly ran her fingers against the arm of the throne. \"This was once where my father sat as king.\" \"And now where you will sit.\" There was a brief moment of silence. \"I meant what I said: your father would have been more than proud of you.\" \"Thank you Tinker; but I still wish he was here with me.\" \"Your father may not be here with you, physically, but he will always be with you in spirit.\" Glinda smiled at the tinker. \"And you'll always have the love of the people of Oz. Plus you've got a good support system here: you've got me, you've got Knuck, you have the China Girl and the flying monkey, and of course you have-\" as if on cue, Oscar entered the throne room… …and Glinda lit up the moment he did. \"Oscar!\" Oscar went over to her and bowed. \"For the most beautiful witch in all of Oz,\" he magically produced a bouquet of flowers for her. \"Oh,\" Glinda breathed as he gave her the flowers, \"they're lovely.\" \"Not as lovely as you, of course.\" \"Why Wizard, you're such a charmer.\" She set the flowers on the throne. \"And I suppose you got them for me so that I'd overlook you not helping prepare for this celebration?\" Oscar feigned shock. \"Why Glinda, I'm shocked that you would think that.\" She quirked a brow to him. \"Okay, yes that's partly true; I could never lie to you. Those flowers are also a way for me to show how I much I truly appreciate you.\" \"And I do appreciate the gesture.\" As they leaned in for a kiss, Glinda suddenly pulled back. \"What?\" Oscar was put off guard by her maneuver. \"I sense danger.\" \"With a kiss?\" Oscar wasn't being serious. \"With the witches,\" but Glinda was serious. \"Oscar, they're going to come back! I just know they are; I can feel it!\" \"I don't see how that's likely. You took away Evanora's magic when you destroyed her necklace thing.\" \"But Theodora-\" \"-can only scare us. You were able to determine the source of her magic is anger and all she can do is some parlor tricks and make those fireballs that can't even kill us. Weren't you the one who told me that witches can't use their magic to kill?\" \"There was a way.\" \" Was ?\" \"Before you destroyed it.\" \"Destroyed it?\" \"When you burned all of the wicked sister's possessions the day that I put up the protection spell.\" \"Yee-ah,\" Oscar nervously rubbed the back of neck. \"That uh…that killing spell…what exactly was it?\" \"It's one of the three Forbidden Spells,\" the Tinker indicated his presence to Oscar. \"Spells that should never be, but are. All Ozians know of the legend of the Forbidden Spells.\" \"And it was believed that the sisters found them,\" Glinda continued explaining. \"That's probably how they were going to kill me when they held me captive in the town square.\" Oscar looked confused. \"Need I repeat what we just established about witches not being able to use their magic to kill.\" \"Not unless they use the Forbidden Spell that brings instant death.\" \"Instant death?\" \"The Forbidden Spells are the power of alteration, the power of creation, and the power of instant death.\" \"The first two out of three don't sound that bad.\" \"But they have no limitations. You can alter anything, including living creatures. And with the power to create…there's no telling what you can create from thin air.\" \"Like a weapon?\" \"Or even a monster; you can create living things.\" \"So it's like those spells are only bad when put into the wrong hands?\" \"No good can ever come from those spells.\" \"We don't know that.\" \"And we never will since you destroyed them.\" \"Okay but, and this is hypothetical, let's say that I didn't destroy them.\" \"But you did.\" \"But let's pretend for a moment that I didn't .\" \"Oscar,\" Glinda caught onto him, \"what are you hiding from me?\" \"Who says I'm hiding anything?\" \"You don't need words to convey your message. I understood everything from how you spoke, not what you spoke.\" \"Glinda-\" \"Tell me the truth, Oscar. Please.\" The two seemed to have forgotten the tinker until he cleared his throat. \"If you'll excuse me: I'll give you two some privacy so that you can have your little…discussion,\" Tinker bowed to them before fast-walking out of the room. \"Huh,\" Oscar tried to switch subjects, \"I kind of forgot he was there.\" \"Oscar, please,\" but Glinda decided to remain on focus, \"what aren't you telling me?\" Oscar sighed. \"Follow me,\" he led her toward the back of the throne room. \"I literally stumbled upon this room by accident after I tripped and fell against the wall,\" he pushed a part of the wall away to reveal an entrance to a hidden chamber. Glinda cautiously entered. \"What is all this?\" \"This is my secret room. The only one else who apparently knows about this is Finley because he was there when I discovered it.\" Oscar made his way over to a table where a sinister looking chest sat. \"I found this among the witches' possessions,\" he didn't need words when he gestured for Glinda to open the chest (which she then did). \"I didn't really understand what they were until our conversation in the throne room.\" A stunned Glinda looked up at him. \"These are the formulas for the Forbidden Spells.\" Glinda couldn't bring herself to even touch the notes. \"Why do you have these?\" \"I figured they were notes for spells and I thought maybe I could learn to use them.\" \"Oscar, no!\" \"Now that we know what they are, maybe we can use the power of these spells for good.\" \"Oscar: nothing good can come from those spells.\" \"But Glinda, we don't know that. I mean, maybe we can do some good with the altering and creating spells. I mean, just so long as the wicked witches don't get a hold of the notes, right?\" Glinda turned her back to him. \"Glinda?\" \"How could you?\" Her voice was barely above a whisper and even though she wasn't looking at him, Oscar could tell she was trying not to cry. \"To be fair, I didn't know what these spells did and-\" She quickly turned and faced him, \"You're not capable of change.\" And with that, Glinda started to walk away. Oscar blinked back confusion before chasing after her. \"Wha-\" he set the chest with the spells back where he found it, \"what are you talking about?\" \"I was foolish to think you were completely changed. Once a con man always a con man.\" Her words stung. \"And what hurts the most is what you said to me before all this.\" Oscar tried to think back on what he said. \"How could you say that you would never lie to me when you've kept this secret?\" Now he remembered. \"Why is it that I should believe you, when you won't believe me?\" \"Glinda,\" Oscar took her hands in his and made direct eye contact with her, \"whether these spells are destroyed or not, the witches can't hurt us. And even if they tried, I promise I'll keep you safe from any danger. There was a brief bout of silence before Glinda responded, \"Why don't I believe you?\" She pulled her hands out of his and left him standing alone in the throne room. With a solemn sigh, Oscar slumped onto the throne. \"You can come in now, Monkey,\" he called. Finley, who had been standing outside of the throne room and witnessed Glinda leaving, reluctantly entered. \"I hate to be the one to tell you so,\" he began, \"but I did tell you to burn those notes the moment we found them.\" \"Why does she even think we're in danger?\" \"I don't know,\" Finley flew over to his friend, \"but witches seem to have a sixth sense about things like that. If Glinda believes the wicked witches are coming back, I'd take her seriously.\" He noticed Oscar deep in thought. \"Whatcha thinking about?\" \"She doesn't believe I'll protect her.\" A beat. \"I get the feeling that she doesn't think I love her.\" \"I know it's none of my business…\" \"Then keep your mouth shut.\" \"…but maybe if you would just ask the girl to marry you, already-\" \"Whoa! Whoa! Who said anything about marriage?\" \"Well excuse me for thinking that if you love someone, you marry them.\" \"That's not how it always works, Finley.\" Oscar took a moment to reflect. \"I guess I'll just have to prove to Glinda that I still love her.\" \"That marriage idea might be proof enough. Ooh, maybe if you actually followed through on destroying the notes for those spells…\" \"Did you not just get done saying this was none of your business?\" \"I thought maybe if I could help-\" \"You want to help?\" Finley nodded. \"Here's how you can help,\" he waited for Finley to lean in closer as if Oscar was about to tell him a secret. \"Don't help.\" Finley frowned at him. \"Why don't you go bother someone else?\" \"Because you're my friend and you clearly need the help.\" \"The last part of that statement is false.\" \"Are you sure it's not the first part?\" \"Please Finley, I don't want, or need you mad at me too.\" Finley didn't say anything. \"I do appreciate your willingness to help—and I thank you—but I think this is something I need to do by myself.\" \"Then why didn't you just say that in the first place?\" \"I thought I made that clear without words.\" \"No, not really. I'd recommend you work on your communication skills.\" Oscar showed Finley to the door. \"Goodbye, Monkey.\" \"Now that's a good choice of words because I got the message.\" Oscar rolled his eyes at him before shutting the door. … Evanora winced a little as she poked her finger with the dagger that her sister retrieved for her. Once she started bleeding, she placed her fingers over her crystal ball and let her blood flow onto it. Theodora understood now: in order for the crystal ball to work, it needed the blood of the person who would be accessing it (Evanora). The sisters watched as the orb clouded and soon gave them viewing access into the throne room of the Emerald City palace. \"Well, Sister,\" Evanora began, \"it seems as though we're making progress.\" \"How maliciously wonderful,\" Theodora watched Oscar exit the throne room, \"but it appears our timing is off.\" \"You underestimate what this crystal ball can do,\" Evanora waved her hand over the orb and the image projected inside of it appeared to rewind. \"It can show us anything, anywhere, at any point in time.\" She ensured the orb stopped at a moment where Oscar and Glinda were in the Emerald City palace's throne room. \"Is that…\" Theodora was stunned by this revelation that she was at a loss for words. \"This happened at an earlier point in time. Now let us listen to their seemingly private conversation.\" With another wave of her hand, the sisters were able to hear the discussion Glinda and Oz were having before they left the throne room. As Oscar began leading the way, Evanora waved her hand to ensure the crystal ball would follow them. \"Where is he leading her?\" Evanora watched closely. \"It appears to be a secret chamber in the throne room.\" Her eyes widened in excitement as Oscar picked up the chest and showed it to Glinda. \"Sister! Sister, it's the spells!\" \"What?\" \"The formulas for the Forbidden Spells!\" \"The fool didn't destroy them?\" \"No! They're there and they're intact. Granted, he's burned all of our other possessions, but not our forbidden spells!\" \"We can get our spells back?\" Evanora faltered a bit. \"Not personally, no,\" she watched Oscar set the spells back. \"We can't access them while they're in the Emerald City.\" \"And no one will bring the spells to us.\" A sudden idea came to Evanora. \"Or will they?\" \"Sister?\" Evanora hurried back down to the dungeon. \"Sister!\" Theodora followed. \"I thought I saw it somewhere,\" Evanora was searching a collection of spells their mother had left behind. \"Saw what?\" \"A section devoted to the controlling spells. Perhaps an answer lies somewhere among those formulas.\" Evanora flipped through the pages until she came across what she was looking for. \"The options here are severely limited.\" She perused through them. \"The only one we seem to have any chance with is to gain control of an animal.\" A wicked smile flashed across Theodora's face. \"And I think I know which animal.\" Thought it best to stop there.[Chapter 3] Okay, there's a bit of a delay. I'm almost done w/ school before heading out on externship and I had to get a lot of stuff (namely Excel related stuff) done so that I can study for finals. I apologize, but for the people who are actually reading this and getting invested, they deserve a reason why it's not being updated. That's really all I have to say. Just gonna jump right in to the story… \"It should be secure,\" Master Tinker was making adjustments to a cable, \"but we still need to test it before the kids try it tomorrow.\" He turned to face Knuck. \"That's why I asked you here.\" \"You brought me here on official orders to be an experiment!?\" Knuck was (obviously) not pleased with this. \"I want to make sure it's safe before the little girl playing the wicked witch uses it.\" \"So why me? Why not use China Girl? She is a little girl after all.\" \"True, but she's too small and you're roughly the size of a child.\" Knuck growled at that. \"Come on: these little kids have been working hard on their show and they want to make it special for everyone.\" \"Fine,\" Knuck grumbled his way over to a marked 'X' on the makeshift stage in the town square, \"but I have better things to do with my time.\" Tinker suspiciously raised his eyebrows to the dwarf. \"Like what?\" \"Like…\" Knuck noticed a figure in a cloak walk about town with a flying monkey in a bellhop uniform beside him, \"…like help the wizard.\" Knuck whistled at the Wizard to get his attention. Once he had it, Knuck gestured for the Wizard to come over to him. \"Hello Sourpuss,\" Oscar greeted. \"My name is Knuck!\" \"Can I ask what you're doing?\" \"No!\" \"He said one of the things he had to do was help you,\" Tinker informed the Wizard. \"It doesn't require reaching for items on a shelf does it?\" \"Hey!\" \"The opportunity permitted itself and I couldn't resist.\" Knuck muttered a few choice things under his breath. \"Is there anything you need Wizard?\" \"Actually,\" Oscar lowered his cloak and sat on a nearby prop chair, \"I could use some advice.\" \"On?\" \"He needs to get in good with the good witch,\" Finley phrased Oscar's predicament in his own unique way. \"He got Glinda upset and he wants to know how to make it up to her.\" Tinker and Knuck exchanged a glance before they simultaneously said, \"Marry her.\" \"Now see, that's what I said.\" \"Monkey, please,\" this was a semi-polite way for Oscar to ask Finley to stop talking. \"I don't think that solution works for my problem.\" \"You never know until you ask her,\" Knuck commented. \"Yeah well marriage doesn't exactly solve any problems where I come from; sometimes it even makes things worse.\" Oscar took a deep breath. \"Glinda thinks I lied to her.\" \"Didn't you tell her you could never lie to her?\" Tinker pointed out what Oscar had told Glinda in the throne room while Tinker was in earshot. \"But he can lie to everyone else though,\" Finley added. Oscar glared at him. \"Okay, I'll shut up. Continue.\" Oscar did. \"No, I can't ever lie to Glinda.\" \"But you did,\" Knuck reminded. \"I didn't necessarily lie: I just…I just omitted some crucial information.\" The Tinker became serious. \"Wizard, does this have anything to do with the Forbidden Spells?\" \"So you heard all that earlier?\" \"Oh, no wonder she's mad at you.\" \"You found the formulas for the Forbidden Spells?!\" Knuck asked this with a hint of worry and excitement. \"Were they among the witches' things?\" After Oscar responded with a nod, Knuck gasped. \"But you told us you burned their possessions!\" \"Ah-ah-ah,\" Oscar held up his finger for accentuation, \"I said I burned the witches' possessions. I never specified what those possessions were.\" \"Oscar,\" Knuck gestured for Tinker to help him down. Once he was down, Knuck marched over to Oscar, \"you have to destroy those!\" \"Did you guys ever stop to think these spells are evil only because of the person who casts them?\" \"Every Ozian knows nothing good can come from those spells.\" \"So Glinda keeps telling me.\" \"She's a witch Oscar: they have a sense about these sorts of things. You have to destroy those notes.\" \"Preferably before you apologize to Glinda,\" Tinker added. \"Me?\" Oscar seemed dumbfounded by this. \"Why should I have to be the one to apologize?\" \"She did nothing wrong!\" \"But-\" \"If you're not going to propose to her, then at least you should apologize to her.\" Oscar took a moment to reflect on their advice. \"Alright, fine; I'll apologize.\" \"And the notes?\" \"I'll destroy them after the celebration; you know to sort of mark the occasion.\" Tinker shook his head disapprovingly. \"Hey, the notes are safely hidden. Even if the witches did get a hold of them—which they can't thanks to the protection spell—it wouldn't do them much good to use 'em.\" Oscar lifted his cloak. \"Come on Monkey let's go…Monkey?\" After promising to remain silent, Finley did in fact remain quiet; perhaps a little too quiet. It was at this point that everyone realized Finley was gone. … \"Come back here!\" Finley was chasing a shiny, gold ball toward the edge of the Emerald City. He followed it as it rolled toward the poppy field. Finley then watched as the ball stopped rolling and began to bounce through the poppies. \"What the?\" Finley was flying by this point (because walking through the field of poppies was not a good idea) and he remained in midair watching this strange sight. \"I knew there was something magical about this,\" he started to fly toward the bouncing ball. \"No ball is that shiny.\" Once out of the fields, the ball resumed rolling in the direction of the forest. \"Hey!\" Finley landed in the woods and headed after the ball. He kept on foot for a few more feet until the ball came to a stop. For no reason, it just stopped. \"Well that's weird,\" Finley noted as he picked up the ball. He began to inspect the little round thing. \"Where did you come from?\" \" Finley\" \"Huh?\" Finley began looking around. \"Is someone there?\" \" Finley ,\" the same unfamiliar voice seemed to whisper his name again. \"What the-\" \"Monkey!\" this time Oscar's voice was faintly heard calling for his friend. \"Oscar!\" he put the ball into his bellhop pocket and flew off toward Oscar forgetting about the voice that first called to him. Evanora stepped out from behind the trees. \"I must commend my sister's plan,\" a smirk splashed across her face; \"I suppose she was right about dumb animals being attracted to shiny objects. Hmm,\" the noise Evanora emitted was a cross between a chuckle and a scoff, \"I guess this explains why the Wizard is infatuated with Glinda.\" … When night fell in Oz and its citizens were all asleep in their beds, a select few were not. While it was a given the wicked witches were wide awake in the dark forest, the third witch—the good witch—was also awake at the palace in the Emerald City. Glinda stood on the balcony lost in thought when her peace was interrupted by someone clearing his throat. Turning around, Glinda discovered who it was. \"Oh,\" she seemed somewhat cool and distant toward him. \"Hello Oscar.\" \"Can't sleep?\" Oscar made his way over to her. \"No.\" \"I guess it's partially my fault, huh?\" Glinda didn't respond. \"Listen: I've been given this a lot of thought and, though I hate to admit this, I was wrong,\" Glinda turned to him. \"Even if I tried to use those spells, there is a chance I could become mad with magical power. I don't want to run that risk. I don't want to hurt you. After the celebration, I'm going to destroy those notes.\" \"After the celebration? That's two days from now!\" \"Technically, since it's past midnight it's-\" \"You're not going to destroy those notes any sooner?\" \"How am I going to find the time if I'm busy helping everyone get ready?\" \"Oscar-\" \"Nothing is going to happen.\" There was no immediate response from Glinda. \"Hey,\" he cupped her chin in his hand and brought her face toward his, \"Everything will be alright, trust me.\" Glinda pulled away and faced in his opposite direction. \"In all honesty, I don't know why I should.\" \"I meant what I said,\" he took her hands in his and gently turned her in his direction. \"I would never lie to you Glinda. And I promise, I won't keep any more secrets like this from you. Please, you have to believe me.\" There was another brief pause before Glinda let out a deep breath. \"Okay Oscar, I believe you.\" Oscar grinned. \"Well, I guess that's a start.\" \"How can I believe you're going to do this?\" \"Well, I figured this time I could use an audience. You can think of it as a close to a great celebration.\" Glinda smiled at him. \"Come on, I'll walk you back to your room; we both really should get some sleep.\" … \" Finley ,\" the voice calling to the flying monkey was keeping him awake. \"Leave me alone,\" he cried out as he tossed and turned in his bed. While he did that, he heard a loud 'THUNK' and his eyes sprang open. The source of the noise was the golden ball falling on to the floor. \"I probably should put you somewhere safe.\" As Finley bent down to pick it up, a green fog appeared on the ball. \"What the-\" \" Finley ,\" the voice was coming from the ball. Finley dropped the ball like a hot potato and began chattering in fear like a monkey (hey, that's what he was after all). The ball called out his name one more time and then green smoke started to pour out of it and encircle him. \"Monkey!\" Oscar was knocking on Finley's door. \"Monkey, you okay in there?\" Getting no response, Oscar opened the door. By this time the smoke had cleared and Finley was lying on the floor near his bed. \"Finley,\" Finley opened his eyes and looked at Oscar, \"are you okay?\" \"Huh?\" The monkey rose to his feet. \"Yeah, I'm alright, it was just a bad dream,\" he picked up the ball and put it in his pajama pocket. \"Are you sure you're okay?\" \"Yeah. Sorry I woke you. I'm fine, really; you should go back to bed.\" \"Okay, goodnight Monkey.\" \"Goodnight Oscar.\" After Oscar closed the door behind him, Finley waited about a minute before leaving his room. As quiet as he could, he flew to Oscar's secret room and took the chest with the notes for the Forbidden Spells. \" Good monkey,\" the voice praised the primate, \" Now take this chest to the edge of the Emerald City in near the forest.\" Wordlessly, Finley obeyed. \"Return to the Emerald City for a good night's rest. When you wake: you will remember none of this.\" Finley nodded before he flew back to the palace. Once the close was clear, Theodora stepped out from the shadows. \"At last,\" she picked up the chest and cackled menacingly as she rode on her broomstick back to the castle. Stopping there because story wise, this is probably the best place to stop. I'll try to keep this updated more frequent than this, but until then, we're accomplishing some story here.[Chapter 4] Done with school, moving on to externship so I should have some more time to work on this fic. I mean, it's not like there's much left plot wise—the Swan Princess 3 wasn't that long and I take out a subplot or 2, so we've got at least 3 chapters to go—so I might be able to get this done a little bit quicker. But this next part is still kind of a setup chapter. Don't misunderstand, things do happen, but it's mostly setting events in motion for bigger things. To compensate, I tried to add an Oz/Glinda moment. I hope that suffices. Anyway, here's the next part. Flying as fast as she could on her broom, Theodora returned to the haunted castle with an equally fast landing and sprinted inside to join our sister. \"The Forbidden Spells, Sister!\" Theodora set the chest down in front of them. \"They're ours! At last they're ours again!\" Theodora cackled. Evanora couldn't help but let out a small chuckle as well. \"And brought to us exactly the way we left it; without even a magic protection spell or a stupid, mortal lock.\" \"What fools!\" Evanora put one hand on the chest. \"Come Theodora, let us open it together.\" Theodora placed her green hand on the opposite side of the chest and the sisters opened it together. \" Now the spells are ours again,\" Evanora picked up the first spell and looked it over. \"The power to alter,\" she handed the first parchment to her sister. \"The power of creation,\" she passed that one to her sister as well, \"and of course, the power of-\" Evanora's eyes widened. \"No!\" \"What is it, Sister?\" \"This!\" Evanora gestured to the gaping hole on the third page of the formulas. \"Someone has torn off the last half of the instant death spell!\" \"NO!\" Evanora quickly looked over the other spells. \"Yet the other two spells remain intact. This does not make any sense.\" She stomped over to the crystal ball. \"There must have been something we missed during that conversation in the throne room.\" \"We can witness that scene again?\" \"We can witness any point at any time of any person; provided of course it is within the boundaries of Oz.\" \"That is why the crystal ball never showed you the Wizard's origins in his homeland?\" \"Why would that be of interest to me?\" \"Perhaps there was something where he was from that we could use against him someday.\" \"Doubtful,\" Evanora waved her hand and the prior scene of Oz and Glinda in the throne room replayed. \"Well, we've discovered that our 'Great and Powerful Wizard' seems to think the Forbidden Spells can be used for good. That must be the reason why he kept the first two spells intact.\" \"Then he was the one who tore the instant death spell!\" Theodora growled and hurled a fireball in anger, narrowly missing a pair of ruby red slippers. \"Do be careful around mother's possessions, Theodora.\" \"You're just referring to those slippers. You always did have a fancy for them.\" \"Yes, but the silver ones she gave me suffice. Regardless, when you're not using your magic for vengeance, do be careful around our things.\" \"He destroyed what we wanted most!\" \"Then we'll just have to do the same.\" \"Sister?\" \"You have given me a brilliant idea, Theodora.\" \"I have?\" \"Remember when you suggested that the Wizard's homeland held something we could use against him one day?\" \"Yes.\" \"That day has come.\" \"It has?\" \"He took something beloved of ours, now we take something beloved of his. And we don't have to look any further than the palace of the Emerald City.\" … Glinda gently tapped on Finley's door. \"Finley,\" she called to him before tapping again, \"Finley, are you alright?\" Getting no response, she slowly opened the door to find the monkey still asleep in his bed. Making her way over to him, she gingerly shook Finley until he woke with a scream, startling them both. \"I'm sorry, Finley.\" \"Glinda!\" Finley quickly pulled his covers over him, \"Glinda, what are you doing in here?\" \"I just wanted to wake you. We let you sleep in long enough this morning.\" \"Sleep in?\" Finley looked out the window. \"Oh, gee, sorry, I had no idea what time it was.\" \"That's alright. It was Oscar's idea to let you sleep in. Apparently a nightmare kept you awake.\" \"A nightmare?\" Finley took a moment to think. \"I didn't have a nightmare last night.\" \"You didn't?\" Finley shook his head no. \"You must not remember it.\" \"I guess not,\" he began scratching his head. \"Huh.\" \"What's the matter?\" \"I don't remember anything from last night. I went to go to bed and I fell asleep, that's all I remember.\" \"Oscar heard you screaming and when he checked on you, you told him that you had a bad dream.\" \"Really?\" Glinda nodded. \"I don't remember that happening.\" Finley shrugged. \"Then again, I don't really remember anything when I'm sleeping, do I?\" he was the only one who laughed, but soon stopped when he realized that. \"I'll get ready now.\" \"Thank you, Finley,\" Glinda left his room. As Finley went to change into his bellhop outfit, he couldn't help but feel something strange in his pajama pocket. \"What's this?\" he picked up the mystery item. \"A ball?\" He had a puzzled look on his face. \"When did I get a ball?\" … \"So it's an 'everything must go' deal?\" Oscar asked Glinda as they headed to the ballroom. \"Not so much 'go' as 'be cleaned and ready for the celebration',\" she corrected. \"Okay, but what do we have to clean in the ballroom?\" Glinda opened the ballroom doors and it became evident to Oscar. \"Oh.\" \"We mainly use this room for storage,\" she led the way into the messy room. \"Yeah, I can see that.\" \"Father was never one for formal parties. Most of his things are in stored in here.\" Oscar noticed a sword in a display case. \"Like that sword?\" \"Father's prized possession.\" \"Then why isn't it on display in the throne room?\" \"Everybody who comes to the castle always goes to the throne room. Not only was Father afraid someone may steal it, but he thought that displaying his prized item was being a bit show-offish—he was a rather humble man.\" \"But it's just a sword and unless it's the sword from the stone, I don't see how it's special.\" \"Any good ruler of Oz knows that there may come a time where you'll have to lead your armies to battle. As a young prince, Father was trained how to do so. This was the sword he chose on his first day of training.\" Glinda moved closer to display case. \"He wielded this sword when he saved a maiden in the forest from a dangerous beast.\" \"Let me guess: the maiden was your mother?\" Glinda nodded. \"Of course, they met after he slayed the evil beast. Mother was trying to escape, but she had quite literally stumbled onto the poppy field. Once the beast was slain, Father found Mother and woke her up.\" \"With a kiss?\" \"No.\" \"Well, that usually works in other fantasy stories.\" \"He woke her with snow.\" \"Snow?\" \"Snow has the power to awaken any victim of the poppy field.\" \"That's good to know; I'll keep that in mind. But if she was unconscious and he didn't wake her with a kiss, how did they fall in love?\" \"When they first looked into each other's eyes.\" \"So it's kind of a love at first sight thing?\" \"I suppose.\" \"That kind of thing exists in fantasies.\" \"Can that not happen in your world?\" \"Oh it can, and usually does, but it hardly ever works out. Where I come from, we have something called infatuation . It's forming an instant attraction to someone the first time you see them, but not falling in love with them. At most, it's an intense admiration. To really fall in love with someone takes time.\" \"Have you fallen in love before?\" \"Well I've been infatuated many, many…many times before.\" \"But you've never fallen in love?\" Oscar blew out a breath. \"I thought I was in love once.\" \"What happened?\" Oscar took her hand in his. She let out a small gasp, but when she looked into his eyes, any surprised feelings she had vanished. \"I met you.\" She had a smirk on her face. \"So I'm more than an infatuation then?\" \"Much, much...much more,\" he started to lean in for a kiss, but was interrupted by a blaring horn outside the open door. \"They always seem to have perfect timing,\" Oscar bemoaned. Glinda bit her lip to hold back a laugh. \"I'm not interrupting, am I?\" was there a hint of suspicion in Knuck's voice? \"What do you want, Sourpuss?\" \"My name is Knuck!\" \"Honestly you two, be nice to each other,\" Glinda chided. \"Yes, Knuck, what is it?\" \"Business in the throne room; citizens have gathered to ask Glinda for her approval on the final preparations.\" \"Oh my, I had forgotten that was this morning. I'll see to it right away, Knuck.\" Knuck bowed to Glinda before shooting a suspicious glare at Oscar \"I'm sorry Oscar, but this is something I must do. I'll try to be quick so that I can help you clean the ballroom.\" \"Uh Glinda,\" Oscar gestured about the entire room. \"Who's going to help me clean this while you're gone?\" \"Why Knuck, of course.\" \"What?\" both the wizard and the herald were surprised by this. \"And it's an official order.\" Knuck sighed. \"Yes, Glinda.\" \"Thank you,\" she gave Knuck a kiss atop his crown. \"Hey!\" Oscar was stung by that. \"Don't I get one too?\" \"Clean the ballroom and then we'll resume where we left off,\" with that, Glinda left. Oscar scoffed. \"The things I do for that woman.\" Knuck raised his brow to Oscar. \"The things you do?\" … \"China,\" Finley caught up to China girl, \"China,\" he showed her the little gold ball, \"is this yours?\" \"No,\" China responded, \"but it's shiny. Where did you find it?\" \"I must have found it in town yesterday, but then forgot about it. This probably belongs to someone in the city, and they're probably wondering where it is.\" \"I hope whoever lost it isn't too upset.\" \"You and me both. I guess I'm going to go return this to whoever lost it.\" \"Hey, can I come with you? The grownups won't let me help prepare for the party, and I want to do something.\" \"Sure, I could use the company.\" \"Can I ride on your back?\" \"Why don't we try walking first?\" \"You're no fun.\" ... Evanora and Theodora finished an incantation from the second spell. Once completed, there was a brief effect, and soon they had the power of creation. \"Think of what we can do with this power, Evanora,\" Theodora formed a streak of fire in her hand. \"The power of creation also creates numerous possibilities,\" the fire took on the form of a dragon. \"Hold off on creating vicious beasts until tomorrow's celebration,\" Evanora reprimanded. Theodora ceased the fire in her hand. \"What I need you to do now is prepare for the power to alter.\" \"Why did we not use that spell first? It is the first one after all.\" \"Yes, but even if we did alter ourselves, we could still never pass through to the Emerald City. Disguises would do us no good. We need that instant death spell to instantly destroy that magical barrier, among other things.\" \"And how do you propose we get the other half of that spell? The Wizard has most likely hidden it!\" Using the power of creation, Evanora made an inked feather quill and parchment paper appear out of thin air. \" Dear Wizard ,\" the quill began to write what Evanora was saying. \" We have kidnapped your beloved Glinda. If you wish for nothing to happen to your sweetheart, meet us at the Great Kells near the Vinkus River with the missing piece of the Forbidden Spells .\" Once finished, the parchment rolled itself up like a scroll. \"Take that message to the Wizard at the Emerald City palace.\" The paper began to fly off. \"And I,\" Evanora created a floating, green ball of light, \"will take care of Glinda.\" *cue dramatic music* DUN! DUN! DUN![Chapter 5] Nothing to say. Next chapter. Master Tinker led Glinda to the stage in the town square. \"The director wanted final, final approval from you,\" Tinker explained as he showed off the set. \"It is a rather creative set,\" Glinda observed. \"Is it done?\" \"Almost, it needs a few final touches.\" \"Is that why you brought your wagon cart?\" Glinda used her wand as a pointer when she gestured to a wagon cart filled to the brim with supplies. \"You can never be too prepared,\" he went over to the cart and picked up a carrot. \"I keep lunch here too,\" he fed his purple colored horse a carrot, \"for me and for my equestrian pal here.\" \"Well the set is coming along very nicely.\" \"Thank you. What more do you have to approve?\" \"Thankfully not much. Once everything has been approved, then I can return to the palace and help the Wizard.\" \"And if you don't mind me asking: how are things with you and the Wizard? Considering everything that's happened, I was just-\" \"He has agreed to destroy the spells after the celebration. That is all I have to say on the matter.\" \"Well good,\" the Tinker reached for a supply from his cart, \"he sure does take his time though.\" \"Don't bother her with something stupid,\" Glinda and the Tinker could hear Finley's approaching voice. \"It never hurts to ask,\" and there was China Girl's. She was the first to come into view with Finley close behind. \"Hi Glinda. Hi Mr. Tinker.\" \"Hello, China,\" Glinda warmly smiled. \"And hello to you too, Finley.\" Finley quickly waved back to her. \"Hi Glinda.\" \"And what brings the two of you out here?\" \"Finley found something and he's trying to give it back,\" China explained. \"Oh?\" \"Only problem is, nobody's seem to lost it,\" Finley concluded. \"Lost what?\" \"This pretty, shiny ball!\" China seemed rather excited as Finley passed the ball to Glinda. Glinda carefully ran her fingers over the ball. \"Finley,\" there was a bit of a nervous edge to her voice, \"where exactly did you find this?\" \"I don't remember,\" Finley told her. \"I must have found it yesterday when I was in town with Oscar.\" Tinker spoke up, \"Maybe you found it when you took off?\" \"When I took off?\" \"You don't remember?\" Finley shook his head. \"Me, you, and Knuck were talking with the Wizard when at some point he noticed you were gone. When he asked where you were, you sort of treated it as if it was no big deal.\" \"I…I really don't remember any of that. I don't even remember how I found that ball.\" \"So it doesn't belong to anyone in town?\" China inquired. \"Can I call dibs?\" \"No!\" Glinda sounded panicked. \"No, this must be destroyed!\" \"Uh…okay...am I missing something?\" \"It's the wicked witches.\" \"I think I'm still missing something.\" \"I gifted this to Theodora when we were children. This belongs to the witches!\" China gasped. \"They must have a plan.\" \"That involves a shiny, little, toy ball?\" The next response Finley got was the citizens of Emerald City breaking out into a cacophony of chaos. Tinker pointed to the trouble. \"I think it also involves that flying, green, magic light ball.\" \"Well that seems a little more their style.\" China Girl clung to Glinda's dress. \"What do we do?\" \"Quick!\" Tinker ushered them toward his wagon cart, \"we'll outrun them.\" He helped the ladies into the wagon cart, took the reins, and drove off as fast as he could. Amidst the fleeing, Finley flew into the carriage and cowered beside the ladies. \"Hold onto something back there!\" the (now orange) horse picked up a little more speed. \"Glinda, what is that thing?\" \"And how do we stop it?\" Finley added. \"I don't have the answer to either of those questions,\" Glinda honestly replied. \"That's assuring.\" \"I've never seen anything like that in my life.\" \"Why does it keep following us?\" China frantically questioned. \"Tinker,\" Glinda called to the Tinker, \"we need to throw that thing off track. Keep driving until it's lost us. Do not go to the palace!\" \"Yes, Ma'am,\" Tinker did as he was told and quickly (and rather unexpectedly) turned in the opposite direction. Unfortunately, this didn't really have much of an effect. \"Maybe it's chasing you because you're magic,\" Finley suggested. \"Try fighting that magic with your magic.\" \"What other options do we have?\" Glinda asked aloud as she reached for her wand. She flicked her wand and a burst of bright light shot out and zapped the green menace. Any victory was short-lived, however. The green light instantly reformed and resumed chase. When Glinda tried again, she got the same result. \"I can't destroy it!\" \"Maybe the Wizard can!\" China suggested. \"We have to go back for the Wizard!\" A metal snapping noise soon frightened China enough to climb onto Glinda. \"What was that?\" \"Chain's broken!\" Tinker was referring to the chain that connected the horse with the wagon. As the (pink colored) horse continued galloping off, the wagon cart was still going uncontrollably fast. \"I'm not sure how to stop this thing!\" \"I do!\" Finley yelled. \"Let the wagon crash and seriously maim us!\" \"You can fly out of here!\" \"Oh yeah, like this is the perfect time for thinking clearly!\" Glinda rose to her feet. \"We're getting off this wagon now! Finley, help fly Master Tinker to safety!\" \"You got it, Glinda,\" Finley went to do as he was told. \"China Girl, are you holding on?\" China Girl tightened her grip on Glinda before nodding. Glinda waved her wand to make a safe sort of bubble base for her and China to land on. Immediately after Finley saved the Tinker, Glinda jumped onto the base as the wagon cart came to a crash. She and China Girl bounced off the base and rolled onto the ground where the green ball of light was ready to catch them and fly them off toward the Dark Forest. \"Oh, this isn't good.\" Finley turned to the Tinker. \"What do we do?\" \"You find out where that ball is taking them and I'll go get the Wizard.\" \"The palace is on the other side of the Emerald City. You really think you can get back there quick enough without your wagon cart, or your horse, or your cane?\" \"Then once you find out where that green light is taking them, you tell the Wizard! Now go!\" Finley flew off toward the light. … \"Glinda,\" China was still clinging to the good witch, \"I'm scared. Can you use your magic to take me home?\" \"I need you to stay with me,\" Glinda spoke softly to her. \"Together we'll be able to find out what the wicked witches are up to.\" \"I'm afraid of what they'll do.\" \"So am I.\" The ball of light carried them toward the Haunted Castle. \"China, hide somewhere in my dress where the witches can't see you. I may need your help later.\" China Girl nodded and hid in the back of Glinda's dress as the orb flew into the Haunted Castle. \"Glinda,\" Evanora was there to greet her, \"how lovely to see you again.\" When the light ball landed, Evanora snatched Glinda's wand and then used her magic to chain Glinda to the wall. \"I wish the feeling was mutual.\" \"I must say: Theodora and I are rather upset that we were not invited to this grand celebration. Why should you go when we cannot?\" \"Is that why you brought me here?\" Evanora said nothing in response and examined her fingers. \"The Wizard will come for me.\" \"Yes, well, that much was predictable,\" she made her way over to a counter. \"Though he does seem to take his time when it comes to important matters such as, oh I don't know,\" she held up the chest with the notes, \"destroying the formulas for the Forbidden Spells.\" Glinda gasped. \"So in all honesty, you're here so that the Wizard and I can make a trade. He'll get you back once he returns the missing piece to the notes.\" \"Oscar will never give you that piece.\" Evanora let out a fake, defeated sigh. \"Oh no, whatever am I to do?\" \"Perhaps he'll give the piece to me,\" this voice was obviously Glinda's, but Glinda didn't say anything. \"Confused?\" Evanora asked Glinda. \"You won't be much longer.\" Evanora tilted her head toward the shadows. \"You can come out now, Theodora.\" Theodora, or rather Theodora perfectly disguised as Glinda, stepped into the light. The Real Glinda gasped in horror. \"Oh I know, I can't stand the sight of you either.\" \"How are you doing this?\" the Real Glinda questioned. \"It took a while,\" Evanora began, \"but Theodora and I were able to restore my power and beauty to me.\" \"And then we devised a plan to take back the Forbidden Spells,\" Theodora continued. \"Thankfully, that oaf of a wizard was selfish enough not to destroy them. But since he wasn't using them, Theodora and I figured we might as well put them to good, or rather evil use.\" \"And we can work wonders with the power to alter. Evanora and I are also rather skilled on the powers of creation. And I can't wait for you to be the first to see how powerful we'll be when we have the power of instant death.\" Glinda stayed strong. \"You'll never get away with this; good always wins.\" \"Poor Glinda,\" Evanora pretended to pout, \"so simple, so naïve.\" She turned to her sister and nodded. Theodora nodded back, held out her hand, and caught her broom. With a cackle, she took off toward the Great Kells. … Back at the Emerald City palace, Oscar and Knuck were nowhere near finished with the ballroom. \"These 'union breaks' you speak of are really helpful,\" Knuck complimented. \"Well, you can't expect one to work all day without having some period of rest,\" Oscar noted. \"Have we really done any work today?\" \"Sure we have. We've straightened up a little.\" Knuck quirked a brow to him. \"Don't worry: we can just say we didn't know where we should move most of her father's things. That also makes us seem considerate.\" \"Maybe we should make an actual attempt.\" \"We're still on break, Sourpuss.\" Knuck growled at him. \"Maybe if you wore that smile I gave you more often…\" Oscar was distracted by a scroll flying toward him. \"What the?\" It flew right into his hand. He shared a confused glance with Knuck, who merely shrugged back in response. \"You think it's from Glinda?\" \"Whatever it is, I think it's for you.\" Oscar unrolled the paper. \" Dear Wizard, we have …\" Oscar's face blanched. \"No!\" \"What?\" He threw the message aside. \"The witches have Glinda.\" \"What?!\" Knuck picked up the paper and read the first portion of the witches' message. \"Oh, no! No! How? They're not allowed in the Emerald City! How did they get the spells?\" \"I don't know, and I don't have time to worry about that now.\" Oscar pushed open the library doors and marched over to one of the many shelves. \"Your Mastering Magic book?\" Oscar opened the book and removed a torn off piece of paper. \"What is that?\" \"I tore off most of the formula for the instant death spell. That's what they're after.\" \"And you're going to give it to them?!\" \"I'm not going to risk losing Glinda.\" \"But they can't kill her! With that spell, they can!\" \"I faced the wicked witches once and I can face them again. Sourpuss, look in this library for a map. I need to meet them at the Great Kells near the Vinkus River and I have no idea where that is. Somewhere outside the Emerald City boundary, no doubt.\" \"And somewhere where they can probably use their powers.\" \"Powers? Evanora has no power and all Theodora can do is create fireballs that can't kill unless they've activated the instant death spell, and they haven't. I can be better prepared this time; they've seriously underestimated me.\" \"Or maybe we've underestimated them!\" \"Just look for a map,\" Oscar left the library and raced back to the ballroom. \"Sorry Glinda, but I have to do this,\" he picked up a nearby object and used it to smash the display case open (instead of opening the display case door, but now wasn't really a time for rational thinking). Once open, he took Glinda's father's sword and looked for a scabbard to hold the weapon. He found one after tearing through the ballroom (creating a bigger mess in the process) and ran back to the library. \"Got a map?\" \"Got one,\" Knuck handed him a map. Oscar snatched it and stored it in his pocket. \"Wish me luck Sourpuss,\" he took off. \"Good luck Wizard,\" Knuck stood there waving goodbye, \"be careful. And my name is Knuck!\" Ooh, what's gonna happen next?[Chapter 6] I think it's best if I just continue. Evanora was pacing throughout the Haunted Castle. \"What is taking them so long?\" When the opportunity presented itself, China Girl came out of hiding. \"Glinda,\" she whispered for the good witch's attention, \"Glinda, I can help! I can get you your wand and we can warn the Wizard it's a trap.\" She quickly hid when she saw Evanora turn toward Glinda with a sneer. When Evanora resumed her impatient pacing, China continued. \"When that flying, green light took us, it also took something else.\" \"What?\" Glinda inquired. China Girl held up the troublesome, little ball. \"The witch's ball?\" China Girl nodded and rolled the ball down the stairs toward the dungeon. Of course, the noise caught Evanora's attention. As the wicked witch made her way down the stairs, the little China Girl retrieved Glinda's wand. \"I got it!\" She handed it to Glinda. Glinda used her want to free herself. \"Come on, we have to warn the Wizard.\" \"There's one thing we have to do before we go,\" Glinda went to get the notes. \"They can't have the power of instant death.\" \"Right!\" \"Ready?\" China nodded as she ran closer to Glinda. \"Very well, let's go ho-\" Glinda was cut off by a sharp lightning hitting her hand. This maneuver made her subsequently drop her wand. \"Go home?\" Evanora took Glinda's wand. \"I don't know how you've done it, Glinda,\" Evanora obviously did not notice China Girl, \"but I'm going to make sure it won't happen again.\" She inched closer to the helpless witch. \"You know, our taste in attire is very similar; we seemed to have taken inspiration from our fine, feathered friends. I, the raven, and you,\" Evanora casted a transformation spell on Glinda, \"the swan,\" the result of this change had turned Glinda from a human into a swan. \"But it's still not a good look on you. Perhaps if I…\" Evanora trapped the swan in a cage, \"…ah yes, I do prefer this look on you; the little bird in the cage.\" She set Glinda's wand in its original resting place. \"I'd like to see you try and get it now, Glinda.\" … Oscar had ridden a (green) horse toward his destination when he heard some rustling in the trees. Jumping off the horse, he instantly drew his sword. \"I know you're out there.\" He moved closer to the noise. \"Show yourself!\" \"Wizard?\" Glinda emerged from the clearing with her hair a mess, her dress tattered and dirty, and her shoes completely worn out. \"Glinda?\" Glinda ran into his arms. \"Glinda, how did you escape?\" \"There's no time to explain. The witches, they're too powerful.\" \"What? How?\" \"I don't know. You have to stop them; they'll destroy everything.\" \"They won't do much good without this,\" Oscar showed her the missing piece. \"You are a fool,\" Glinda snatched the piece from him and turned back into her true self. The effect of this transformation made Oscar stagger back and the (now red) horse run off in fear. \"Boo.\" \"Theodora!\" \"Hello Wizard,\" Theodora greeted. \"Did you miss me?\" \"Where's Glinda?\" \"Nope?\" She shrugged. \"Well, I can't say that it hurt my feelings; I didn't miss you either.\" \"You've got what you wanted; now give Glinda back.\" \"No can do,\" Theodora summoned her broom and started to ride off. \"My sister and I have agreed that Glinda is the perfect test subject when we try out the power of instant death.\" \"NO!\" When Theodora flew off cackling, Oscar gave chase. Not only did she soon lose him amidst the trees, but he tired himself out rather quickly. \"Wizard!\" someone else was also flying through the forest. \"Monkey!\" Finley landed at Oscar's feet. \"Oscar, I know where they're keeping Glinda. Follow me, I found a shortcut.\" \"Great!\" \"Just out of curiosity: how long can you hold your breath underwater?\" … Evanora bounded to the balcony with excitement when she heard her sister's cackling in the distance. \"You have it?\" Theodora triumphantly held up the piece. \"I have it!\" Evanora let out a gleeful cackle. \"Oh, this is too marvelous!\" Theodora noticed the swan with the tiara in a cage. \"It seems as though you've kept yourself busy while I was gone.\" \"I thought we could destroy two things at once; the bird, and its cage.\" \"But a swan?\" \"Her outfit always did remind me of that pathetic creature. And since Glinda herself is a pathetic creature, I figured this form would be better suited for her.\" Evanora brushed this off. \"But enough stalling; let us activate the greatest forbidden power of them all.\" Too immersed in what they were doing, the sisters failed to notice the two intruders (one of whom was soaking wet) sneak in from behind. \"Glinda,\" Oscar was quietly calling for her while trying not to make too much noise with his wet shoes. \"Glinda!\" \"Wizard!\" China Girl gestured to them for her hiding place. Quietly, Oscar and Finley crawled over to her. \"Oh, thank goodness you're here.\" \"Where's Glinda?\" China Girl pointed to the cage with the swan in it. \"What did they do to her?\" \"I think it's fairly obvious they turned her into a swan,\" Finley's remark earned a disapproving glare from Oscar. \"Shutting up now.\" Oscar made sure the witches were still busy as he went over to the cage. \"Glinda?\" the swan looked at him. \"Glinda, is that really you?\" the swan, unable to talk, could only nod. \"Hang on, I'm going to get you out of there,\" he pulled out her father's sword. \"I kind of borrowed this without asking, sorry; I'll fix the display case when this is over.\" He used the sword to break the cage open. Coincidentally, the witches had just finished activating the instant death spell just as Glinda flew out of the cage. Evanora activated her lighting, Theodora activated her fire, but when they turned around to kill Glinda, she wasn't there. \"Hey Uglies!\" this got the witches' attention to turn to Oscar. \"Ha, ha, made you look.\" \"YOU!\" The sisters were less than thrilled to see him. \"I take it you didn't miss me either?\" \"Rest assured,\" Theodora aimed a streak of fire toward him, \"we won't miss you again!\" Despite being paralyzed with fear, Oscar managed to duck out of the way as the spell made its effect on some of the witches' things. Evanora made an attempt, but Oscar dodged her too (and more materials were destroyed in the process). But when he dodged another strike, he lost footing and landed rather uncomfortably on his side. \"Some 'great and powerful' wizard,\" Theodora taunted as she lit up another streak of fire. \"I am going to enjoy this.\" Before Theodora could fire, she was caught off guard when Glinda the swan attacked (and of course the result of the Theodora firing her spell destroyed more of the witches' stuff). Theodora growled in frustration. \"I'll get you for that Glinda.\" \"No, Sister,\" Evanora created a lightning streak. \"I'll handle Glinda; you can kill the fool.\" Theodora turned to the Wizard. \"With pleasure.\" China and Finley watched with horror from their safe hiding place. \"Finley,\" the frightened girl began, \"what do we do? We've got to help them somehow.\" \"But what can we do?\" he questioned back. \"Glinda is the only one who can use her wand, and I'm pretty sure the Wizard doesn't have any tricks up his sleeves.\" \"Maybe there's a way to reverse the Forbidden Spells.\" \"Not unless you take away the magic of the one who casted the spells. That's how Glinda stopped Evanora the first time.\" \"So what can we do?\" \"Watch helplessly and hope our friends don't die.\" \" That's the plan?\" \"It's the only one I've got at the moment!\" Theodora headed for Oscar, ready to strike. Fortunately Oscar rolled out of the way in time. When Theodora tried to go after him, she slipped on the wet spot on the floor Oscar left behind. She caught her balance a little, but the palm of her right hand landed on a wet spot on the floor. When the water touched her skin, she let out an agonizing scream. A bewildered Oscar watched in amazed puzzlement as the palm of Theodora's hand began to scar and burn. An idea quickly formed in Finley's mind. \"I think I have another plan!\" He pushed China Girl in the opposite direction. \"Find me a bucket or something you can pour water into. Hurry!\" \"Sister,\" Theodora was in pain, but knew not to cry, \"my hand!\" \"I haven't got the time for that now,\" Evanora kept firing her lightning streaks of death, but Glinda kept avoiding. \"Once I kill this thing, I will take care of you.\" Evanora waited for an opportunity to strike at Glinda. When she thought she had it, she aimed for the swan. \"Goodbye Glinda.\" \"If you want to kill her,\" Oscar got in between the swan and the witch before Evanora unleashed her spell, \"you'll have to go through me.\" \"Alright,\" she increased the size of her lightning, \"but you asked for this.\" When she threw it at the Wizard, he tried to use the sword like a baseball bat, but seriously miscalculated. His miscalculation turned out to be a blessing in disguise, however. Oscar was only getting ready to swing, so Evanora's lightning hit the middle of the sword. The lightning reflected off of it and created an immediate result: the death lightning had hit Evanora, killing her instantly. \"NO!\" Theodora screamed as she watched her sister fall lifeless to the floor. Oscar seemed incredibly dumbfounded by this. \"Holy cow, that actually worked!\" The living wicked sister knelt over the dead wicked sister's body. \"Evanora,\" she held her sister's limp frame in her arms and gasped. \"My sister is dead.\" \"So I guess your instant death spell does work.\" Theodora let her sister fall to the floor and angrily rose to her feet, turning to face the Wizard as she stood. Then she let out a powerful banshee scream that made everybody cringe. \"YOU!\" her finger was pointed to Oscar. \"You killed my sister!\" \"In my defense, I did not know that would happen.\" \"I swear revenge!\" \"Now, now, let's not be so hasty-\" \"You killed the only person I love,\" Theodora quickly turned her head toward Glinda. \"Now I'll just have to do the same. And this time, I am not going to hesitate.\" Oscar immediately turned to Glinda. \"Glinda, go! Get out of here!\" She started to fly away. Theodora then unleashed a stream of destroyer fireballs. \"Destroy Glinda!\" She commanded. The fireballs flew in all sorts of directions, some even passing the flying monkey in a bellhop outfit carrying a beaker of swamp water. Finley did a double take \"Did I miss something?\" \"Finley!\" Oscar called to his flying friend. Finley instantly flew to Oscar's side. \"Leave the water with me. Go and make sure those fireballs don't get Glinda.\" \"Got it,\" Finley gave a fast salute before taking off. \"I don't know why you're so determined to protect her,\" Oscar didn't realize Theodora was behind him. Still, he turned around ready to face her while holding the beaker of water behind him. \"After all, you will soon be joining her in death.\" Using his free hand, Oscar reached for his sword and pointed it at the witch. \"Do your worst.\" \"Alright,\" Theodora shot a tiny streak of fire at an open space of the sword's handle, instantly destroying the sword. A stunned look splashed across Oscar's face. \"And that was merely a demonstration.\" \"Well…it demonstrated alright.\" Oscar tried to be as inconspicuous as he could as he adjusted the beaker of water behind him. \"What do you think you're doing?\" \"Like you, I also have a little demonstration. Quick question: do you know what you get when you combine two Hydrogen elements with an Oxygen element?\" \"What are you babbling about?\" \"You get a nice little creation called,\" he poured the contents of the beaker onto her face, causing her to scream in agony, \"water!\" \"You cursed fool, look what you've done!\" Oscar watched in wide-eyed awe at what was transpiring. \"I'm melting! Melting!\" Theodora continued to cry out as she turned into nothing more than a puddle with her wrinkled clothes resting beside it. China Girl carried Glinda's wand with her as she went over to Oscar. \"You killed the wicked witches.\" \"I honestly did not think that would happen,\" Oscar admitted. \"I thought it'd cause her to lose her powers.\" \"Well, it kinda did.\" \"Point taken.\" \"You really are the most wonderful wizard of Oz.\" When he didn't immediately respond, China Girl looked up at him. \"What are you doing?\" Oscar was looking around. \"I don't get it.\" \"Get what?\" \"Whenever evil witches or warlocks are destroyed, everything affected by their magic goes back to normal.\" He continued his observations, \"but nothing's changed.\" \"Oscar, look,\" China used the wand to point to a shadow flying slowly toward the balcony. \"It's Finley!\" The two ran out to the balcony to greet the flying monkey. A solemn looking Finley landed on the balcony. \"He looks sad,\" she noted to the Wizard. \"Finley?\" Oscar slowly made his way over to his friend, \"Finley, what happened?\" Finley turned his head away. \"Where's Glinda?\" \"Oscar...\" Finley sighed, \"Glinda...Glinda's gone.\" \"No,\" China gasped as she put her free hand over her heart. Oscar tried to remain steadfast, but it was obvious he was about to break down. \"What do you mean gone?\" \"She…\" Finley couldn't find the words to say, \"…one of the fireballs…it …\" another sorrowful sigh, \"…she couldn't get away.\" \"No!\" Oscar refused to believe it. \"Oscar, I'm-\" \"No!\" China put a tiny, comforting hand on Oscar's leg. \"Wizard-\" \"NO!\" Oscar let out a mournful cry and began destroying anything and everything in his path while his somber friends watched with tears in their eyes. Eventually, Oscar fell to his knees and wept over his lost love. Suddenly, and without warning, he rose to his feet and began digging through the destruction. \"Oscar?\" Finley flew beside his friend. \"Oscar, what are you doing?\" \"I'm going to bring her back.\" \"You can't Oscar, she's gone.\" \"She told me you could create anything with the power of creation. I'm going to use that power to create her life again.\" \"It's not going to work that way!\" \"YOU DON'T KNOW THAT!\" \"NO, I DON'T!\" Finley took a deep breath to calm himself. \"I don't.\" There was a moment of silence between the two of them. \"I'm really gonna miss her too, Oscar, but I think the best way you can honor her is to destroy those spells.\" \"If I had done that in the first place, none of this would have happened.\" Oscar shed a few tears. \"Glinda was right: no good can ever come from the spells.\" \"Wasn't she always right?\" this got a small laugh out of Oscar. \"You know that's what you gotta do.\" Oscar nodded. He placed the chest with the spells and any other remaining possessions of the witches in the center of the room. Before he started the impromptu burning ceremony, he looked toward the heavens. \"If you can hear me Glinda…I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.\" He lit a fire, and set the items aflame. Backing away, Oscar and his companions watched as the fire turned green and swirled all around. \"Is it supposed to do that?\" Finley couldn't help but ask. As the fire died down, it appeared to take on a form. Once it had completely ceased, standing in the center of the room, was Glinda, back to normal, and still as beautiful as ever. It was an event that mirrored the first time Glinda revealed herself at the cemetery, right down to the looks on their faces. Only this time, Glinda was smiling. \"Hello Wizard,\" she greeted. A disbelieved Oscar cautiously made his way over to her. \"Glinda?\" She met him halfway, but didn't say anything. Uncertain of what to do, Oscar cupped her face in his hand. \"Is it really you?\" A lone tear ran down her cheek before she nodded. \"Yes?\" She closed her teary eyes and nodded more excitedly. Oscar pulled her into his embrace and held her tight. \"I'm so sorry.\" \"I know,\" she whispered. \"I thought I'd lost you.\" He loosened his grip and let her back away enough so that he could stare into her brown eyes. \"I don't know what I would've done without you.\" She tenderly brushed his hair back and gave him a kiss on his forehead. \"I love you,\" he whispered. Her smile widened. \"I know.\" She took his hands in hers, \"I love you too.\" \"Aww,\" the two friends in the background swooned as the witch and wizard leaned in for a kiss. An irritated Oscar did a slight turn to look at China Girl and the flying monkey. \"Nice timing, guys.\" NOT THE END! One more chapter left.[Chapter 7] Last chapter! Glinda stood center at the Emerald City palace behind a large green ribbon to address the crowd of Ozians before the festival began. \"Good people of Oz: today marks not only a celebration of our land, but a celebration of the defeat of the wicked witches. No longer will they keep us in fear.\" The crowd cheered. \"There are so many wonderful things to see and do today and rather than delaying the celebration, I will bring out one last surprise before we commence.\" Glinda stepped aside to let Oscar step out. She offered him her hand and led him forward to the stunned, yet excited crowd. Oscar held up his hands to silence them. \"Yes. Yes, good people it is I, your Wizard, in my true form. Glinda and I have spent a great deal of time in the palace restoring my original glory so that I may be a more active, involved ruler and be of more help to you fine people. Besides, if I wasn't in my human form,\" he gestured for Finley to fly a large pair of scissors of to him, \"I wouldn't be able to do this,\" Oscar cut the ribbon. \"Let the celebration begin!\" The public roared with delight. Glinda placed her hand on his shoulder. \"Well done, Wizard.\" An excited China Girl hurried over to them with a brief entourage of friends following behind her. \"There's so much to do, I don't know where to start! Oh Wizard, what should we do first?\" \"Whatever you want to do,\" Oscar replied. China Girl looked a little upset. \"You're not going to spend the day with us?\" \"Not the whole day, no. I'll try and spend some time with you guys, yeah; but there are some things I need to take care of first.\" Oscar left the group. \"Well,\" Finley began, \"I think I'm going to play some games.\" \"Yes, well I have little time for enjoyment before I go backstage for the dress rehearsal,\" Tinker informed them. \"So I'd be much appreciative if someone would be kind enough to bring me my lunch later.\" \"I want to get my portrait painted!\" China seemed to get over Oscar's absence rather quickly. \"Ooh, and visit the petting zoo! Oh, and I have to get a balloon!\" \"I'm going to sign up for the obstacle course.\" Knuck proudly stated. This garnered some chuckles from some. \"What is so funny?\" \"You in the obstacle course,\" Tinker answered back. \"Hmmph!\" Knuck stomped his foot. \"I am going to sign up and I'm going to win.\" The laughing got louder. \"Oh be nice,\" Glinda chided as she knelt to Knuck's level. \"Don't let the others sway you from doing what you want, Dear Knuck. If you know you can enter the obstacle course, then go and do so.\" \"Thank you; it's nice to see someone is a decent person,\" Knuck proudly marched off to sign. \"Glinda,\" Tinker approached her, \"you know he doesn't stand a chance.\" \"I do,\" Glinda admitted, \"but his heart his set on competing. I always agree that following your heart is a smart decision.\" \"Plus you never know unless you try.\" \"Exactly…but I never actually said that he would win.\" Tinker couldn't help but chuckle. \"Well, Knuck in the obstacle course is sure to be quite a sight. Let's hope I can see that before I go help the little ones with their show.\" He gave a slight bow. \"I'll see you later, Your Highness.\" Glinda nodded to him before he left. \"So now what?\" Finley asked. \"Is it just going to be the three of us?\" Glinda sighed. \"I only wish it were that simple. I promised the people that I would make an appearance at every event, and there's so much to do. I am truly sorry we won't be able to spend much time together.\" \"We understand.\" China hugged Glinda. \"We're just glad you're okay.\" Finley also gave the good witch a hug. Glinda patted both their heads as a sign of her appreciate. When they let go, she gently nudged them toward the festival. \"Well go along and have fun now.\" She watched them excitedly hurry off toward the celebration before exhaling. \"So much to do, and so little time.\" … Glinda's statement was accurate. Time did seem to fly when they were having fun and it had been quite a fun filled day of merriment. It was no surprise that when everything was said and done, they all returned home tired… …and with various new items. China Girl did get her balloon, her portrait, and a few stuffed animals and trinkets. Finley also got various prizes from the games he played. Tinker (having missed lunch) came home with an assortment of food. And while Knuck didn't win first place, he did place third and came home with a medal, some ribbons, and a bronze trophy (and Tinker repeating the phrase \" I still can't believe it \"). One person who didn't come home with anything was Oscar. In fact, he hadn't come back at all. He went off and that was that. \"I hope the Wizard's alright,\" China said to Glinda as she was being tucked in. \"I'm sure he is,\" Glinda assured the little girl. \"The witches cannot harm him. He probably lost his way again. There are some parts of Oz he is not yet familiar with. Perhaps he went off to explore.\" \"Maybe,\" China Girl yawned, \"but if he's not back tomorrow, we should assemble a search party.\" Glinda let out a small laugh. \"I suppose we should.\" Glinda kissed her index finger before placing it on the girl's face. \"Goodnight, child.\" \"Goodnight Glinda.\" \"Sweet dreams,\" Glinda closed the door slightly and made her way down the hall. She stopped when she noticed the ballroom doors were open and the room was lighted. Entering the ballroom, she let out a surprised gasp. The room was clean. Oh, and Oscar was in the ballroom too. \"Surprised?\" \"Is this where you were all day?\" \"No, I…I had a few errands.\" \"Oh?\" Oscar presented a flower to her. \"Oh!\" \"I thought it'd be best if I found the most beautiful flower for the most beautiful woman.\" \"It is lovely.\" \"Yes, and it's the nicest looking one I found that wasn't alive or poisonous.\" \"Where did you find this?\" \"Near where I landed when I first came here. I would've brought it to you at the show, but I did sort of get lost on my way back.\" \"You did not follow the Yellow Brick Road that led to the Emerald City?\" \"You really ought to label your Yellow Brick Road. I took a wrong turn somewhere and when I heard something growl, I turned back in the right direction.\" \"Cleaning this room, finding a flower, and getting lost took you the whole day?\" \"There were a couple of other things I did.\" \"Oh?\" \"And I'm not going to hide anything from you ever again. You deserve to know that I went back to the witches' castle.\" \"What?\" He held up his hands in defense. \"But for good reason. At first I went back to make sure everything of theirs was destroyed—they are by the way—but then I found something, and I thought you should have it back.\" \"Back?\" The next thing Oscar presented her with was a crudely glued sword. \"I came across bits and pieces of your father's sword and I tried to put it together as best I could. Granted no one can ever use this sword ever again, but it was mostly for display anyway so…\" Glinda just stared at the sword. \"Glinda?\" Glinda set the sword down and hurled herself into (a somewhat startled) Oscar's arms. \"You really are the most wonderful wizard of Oz.\" \"Eh, I try.\" When they let go, Glinda walked around the ballroom with the biggest grin on her face. \"I can't believe you did all of this.\" \"This isn't everything.\" \"It isn't?\" He shook his head. \"Really, this is all too much already.\" \"I love you Glinda.\" A puzzled look was etched on Glinda's face for a moment. \"I love you too Oscar, but-\" \"And after everything that happened with the witches-\" \"If you're doing this because you feel as though you have to make it up to me, you don't. You're the hero. You defeated the witches, you destroyed the spells, and now you did all of this.\" \"It's not enough.\" \"Of course it is.\" \"No; none of this is enough to show you how much you mean to me.\" \"Why do you think that?\" \"It's just…when I lost you…I realized just how much I took you for granted. In the last year, I never once told you I loved you until you…\" he couldn't bring himself to use the word 'died'. \"I knew you loved me. You didn't have to do all of this prove that you do.\" \"Now see, that's where you're wrong. I did these things for you because I wanted to. And I'm doing this,\" Oscar got down on one knee and pulled a ring from his pocket, \"to prove that I love you.\" \"Oh, Oscar.\" \"Will you marry me?\" \"Of course I will.\" Oscar slid the ring onto her finger, took her in his arms, and spun her around. When he brought her down, he had her in his embrace. \"Thank you.\" \"You don't have to thank me.\" \"Do you know who you just agreed to marry?\" \"Yes, but does he?\" Oscar laughed at that. \"I do not understand why you're thanking me for that after all that you've done for me.\" A smirk formed across Oscar's face. \"Maybe there's something I'd like in return.\" Glinda raised an eyebrow. \"Oh?\" \"Do you remember the last time we were in this room together?\" Glinda nodded. \"I believe you promised me something once I cleaned the ballroom.\" \"Did I actually use the word ' promise '?\" \"Okay, then consider it as a way of repaying me for the gifts.\" Glinda shrugged. \"If you insist.\" Oscar became serious as he gazed into her eyes. \"I do.\" The way he said it seemed as though he was marrying her already. \"I love you.\" \"And I love you.\" After that, Oscar finally got his long awaited kiss. I figured 'and they lived happily ever after' was too much of a cliché. Besides, don't most good stories end with a kiss? Well, that's it from me. I hope you enjoyed this fun little fantasy. Peace out! ","Summary":" Don't ask me how I got this idea because I have no definite answer. My guess is while making some o"},{"Movie":"Donnie Darko","Title":"Remember Me","Author":"AniOchevetOtcha","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5978076","Passage":"[Chapter 1] October 3rd 1988 Have you ever felt like you're stuck in a tennis ball, and every time you say something, you grow? It feels like I'm being hit back and forth, and every time I scream there is less and less room for me to breathe. I scream in pain, until I shout, until I cry, until I whisper, and then nothing. I'm helpless. I'm helpless, being tossed back and forth over a court of fucking fire, and the players think they are trying to help me. My best friend serves me to my girlfriend, she hits, he hits, she hits… this goes on for almost a month. Sometimes there were other players, my mom, therapist, sister, teacher, and friends. They all thought that I needed their specific help. I didn't. I knew what had to be done. I could have done it so differently, perfectly. I wouldn't have been so tortured, and hurt. They wouldn't have been so hurt… The only thing that I really know right now is that the sky opened up yesterday. The sky opened up and killed me, so that they all could live. I'm dead, right? I should be, but every so often, I know this sounds weird, but… I hear this very monotonous beeping noise. Everything is black, but there is this beeping noise. It's soft, but every hour (or, at least I think it's an hour) it grows louder and louder. \"Frank, what is that?\" No answer, \"Frank?\" I look around me, but everything is dark. Where is he? I need him. I'm alone, and scared, and cold. The therapist said it would just be me and him, right? So, then, where is he? \"Frank!\" I shout. Nothing, just the beeping. I walk. I don't know if you can call it walking, or floating, but it's all the same. Nothing around me changes, so I give up and sit down, cradling my head in my arms. \"Frank, I'm afraid.\" My nose stings, telling me that I'm probably crying. \"Fuck.\" I hate this. I've been stuck in here for way too long, my head hurts, I'm hungry, and I need a jacket. Wait. I'm hungry? How can I be hungry? You know, maybe I'm in Hell. I hear that down there, you can eat and eat and you still won't be full. But why would I be in Hell? I saved everyone. Didn't I? \"I'm sorry,\" my head whips up. \"I left you alone…\" I get up slowly, \"I didn't mean to.\" \"Frank?\" he's… not in the costume. \"Why are you…\" \"I have… some good news.\" The corners of his mouth turn up in a slight smile, but it also looks hurt. \"You… are alive.\" He chuckles, and starts to walk away. The darkness dims into white, and I feel like I'm being pushed backwards. \"Frank! Frank, what's going on? Where are you going! Don't leave me alone, you fuck!\" \"Wake up, Donnie.\" I fall. I keep falling, and I never hit ground. My head hurts immensely, my stomach growls, my nervous system completely floods over into my mind, and thunderous pain crashes in my chest. I can feel people's eyes on me. I hear voices, but I can't make out the words. They're fast, flying across my line of vision. It's blurry, but there are three figures standing by me, talking, one of them… is crying? \"'Vrythin's okay.\" I try to talk, but it comes out as a whisper. They hold my hand, tighter and tighter. \"'Vrythin's gonna be okay.\" I smile a little, and rest. Finally.[Chapter 2] October 4th 1988 I'm in intensive care. The wood punctured my stomach and left lung, but nothing else. It didn't go very far in. It's a miracle that I am still alive, I saw a picture of the aftermath, and Jesus , did I look horrible. I nearly puked. My sister is sitting next to me, talking to me about Harvard, and how square it's going to be there. She's heard that there aren't many parties, at least, not the kind we like. Bottom line, there's no booze, and no chronic. I don't really smoke, but she does. A helluva lot, too. I'm not paying attention though, my mind is on other matters. \"Elizabeth?\" I ask, interrupting her. She looks at me, questioningly. \"…What's your boyfriend's name?\" She laughs, as if I just made a really perverted joke. \"That's it?\" I raise an eyebrow, \"You've been lost in your own head for almost two hours, and that's what you ask me?\" \"I'm just trying to make sure of something.\" \"Well, I don't see how this fits in to anything that has happened.\" She motions with her hands, quickly. \"I mean, you nearly get your lung ripped out the other side, and you want to know about my love life ?\" She scoffs. \"Look, I just-\" My voice catches in my throat as a tall, tan boy of maybe 19 walks into my room. Elizabeth gets up and hugs him. They kiss for a split second, and she sits again. \"Hey babe.\" His voice... I try to say something, but nothing comes out. I have cotton mouth, and a really, really bad case of heart flutters. \"Donnie, this is Frank.\" The brunette waves her hand to him, \"My boyfriend.\" She turns to him, \"Ready to go? I'm done here.\" He nods. \"I…\" I can't talk. \"…Lizzy, can I talk to him for just a sec, I'll be right out. Here's the keys, don't change the tunes.\" He tosses my sister his car keys and scoots her out of the room, closing the door behind her. \"How are you feeling?\" \"I… Is it really you?\" I reach out, my hand actually touches his eye. No water wall, nothing. \"I can…\" \"Donnie.\" He brushes my hand off, \"I don't… remember.\" He looks at his shoes. \"Grandma Death… she told me about what happened, she told me that it might take years to remember, the same for Gretchen.\" He flips his long, chocolate brown hair out of his face, his eyes look sad. \"Gretchen-\" \" What ? You don't remember any of it?\" He shakes his head, \"Nothing?\" Again, he shakes his head and looks at me for the first time since he's walked into the room. \"Y… You… I… okay,\" I tear up, \"I can wait.\" \"I'm so sorry.\" Oh God … \" Don't … apologize to me, not like that.\" My shoulders tremble a bit, \"You don't need to apologize.\" I look sternly at Frank. \"I don't deserve it.\" \"Why?\" There it is. It's so simple, so blunt. Why don't I deserve an apology? I shot you. That's why. I shot you, even after you showed to me how sorry you were. None of that comes out of my mouth, though. \"Nothing… nothing.\" I press the up button on my chair and adjust my seat. I fidget, biting my bottom lip lightly. \"So you and Elizabeth are going together?\" He smiles and nods. \"How long?\" \"Two months last week. She's great.\" He seems so happy… why does my heart hurt so much? \"I'm glad for you, Frank. You two look good.\" I glance at him, he's smiling thoughtfully at me. \"Why do I feel like I know you so well?\" he says, softly. Man, this is hard… His hand sits on my bed rail, thumb rubbing back and forth. I focus on it. \"You were my best friend.\" I laugh, it comes out sad. My eyes close and I hear him sigh in thought. \"Don't worry. I still have…\" Well, no one. Not really, anyways. I have the guys, but they didn't have my back like Frank did. They wanted to run away that night when Seth jumped us... \"Donnie,\" I look up, he's gotten closer, \"I do remember one thing.\" I perk up a bit, and he clears his throat. \"I wake you up, and tell you that the world is going to end. You ask me why, and then we walk together to the golf field. We sit on a dune for a while, just looking at the sky, and then you tell me… you tell me that you want me to protect you.\" My heart aches, and I frown a little. Frank is still staring me down. \"Is this my fault? Was I not protecting you?\" \" No !\" I say a little louder than necessary, and he jumps back a bit. \"No, no, no, no . This isn't your fault. Please , no. You dropped Elizabeth off and actually beeped the car a lot. I think you were trying to get me out of there…\" He sighs, relieved. \"Well… I'm glad that I didn't fuck up.\" He smiles widely, and puts his hand on mine, \"You feel better, okay? I want to talk more. A lot more.\" He gets up to leave. \"Frank?\" \"Yeah?\" he turns around. \"I'm sorry.\" \"Why are you sorry?\" he asks quietly. \"You'll remember.\" He smiles sadly, gives me a small salute, and walks out.[Chapter 3] October 6th 1988 \"Ugh,\" I'm so bored. All I can do is sit here, check out (ugly) nurses, and watch one of five channels on the small television in the corner of my room. CNN, Family, ABC, the home channel, and something with nuns on it. Middlesex really doesn't spare it's luxury, does it? I turn on the TV, and switch it from nuns, to ABC. Richie Rich is on, I hate this show, but whatever, Scooby doesn't come on until around eight, and by then I'm conked out on pain meds. I lean back and take a sip from the cup of water they gave me. There's too much ice in it, and my teeth ache. Two days ago, my friend Frank visited me I smile, thinking about it. He looked so… normal, not menacing like he usually does. He actually sounded caring and concerned, not wispy and evil. He's perfect now, with both eyes. He doesn't remember any of that, thank God. I don't think that he'd talk to me ever again if he found out. I wouldn't blame him, it was a horrible thing to do in the heat of the moment. I need to think before I do something. Especially with a gun. I don't know why, but I really want to talk to him more. It's like that feeling you get when you meet someone really great, and you never want to stop talking to them. My heart hurts every time I think about that confused expression he gave me, his sad eyes, his hand gently resting on mine… No. Stop, Donnie. But I don't. I smile wider and keep thinking about that day. I know I shouldn't, because he's untouchable. Completely straight, and with my sister. It's sick, you're disgusting Donnie. I know I am, but he makes me sick like this. He always did. Him, and his perfect smile, deep voice, and soft hair that hangs just past his chin. I'm not going to stop, thinking about him gives me the best feeling in the world. It might be mean to myself, but just the thought of him makes me get the chills. Someone knocks on the door, and I'm pushed out of my stupor. I lick the drool off of my lips; when I'm focusing on something I forget to do even the simplest of motor functions. I flick the TV off, snuggle into my covers, and try to appear as ill as possible. \"Come in,\" I croak, innocently. It's Frank, bringing me my school work. We've agreed that he'll bring it to me every two days, and tutor me on what I've missed. He smiles brightly at me, struggling to carry both backpacks through the small doorway. The doctors say that I'll be in for about two weeks, that's… five visits. I slouch over at this realization. \"Hey, will you still see me after I'm better?\" I ask, quietly from behind the sheet draped over my mouth. He blinks, stopping halfway in the doorway. \"What kind of question is that? I'm not even in your room yet, and you miss me?\" He chuckles, \"I must be really good.\" Frank brushes his shoulder off after putting the bags down. \"Don't flatter yourself,\" I blush, \"I'm just…\" \"Being clingy?\" I fake laugh at his joke. He smirks at me, and gets my books out of my bag. He drops them on the side table, and sends my cup of water flying. It crashes on my crotch, spilling all over the place. \"Oops.\" he deadpans. \"Frank…\" I look down, and then back up at him, \"I'm going to kill you.\" I lunge at his neck with two open hands. He grabs them and squeezes, hard. \"Whoa, killer!\" he laughs harder, \"I'll fix it, I'll fix it!\" the brunette lets go of my hands and runs out to get me a change of clothes, and probably bed sheets. Fucking bunny-man… Ugh, it's so damp. I'd never actually choke Frank, but this is really embarrassing. I mean, it looks like I pissed myself, and my bed is soaked. I have to sleep on this, you know! I may be really monotone, but I have a shitty temper. \"Ug,\" I try to get out of bed. My stitches hurt like hell, and even the smallest amount of movement from the waist up sends searing pain through my lung. \"fuck Frank.\" I mumble. Getting far enough on the bed, I swing my legs over the side and try to steady myself. I haven't actually stood up on my own yet, so I have some trouble trying to balance on both feet. I push myself one inch off of the bed before falling back. I try again and make it about halfway up before Frank comes in, running to my side. \"I can do it myself.\" I whine. \"My ass you can do it yourself.\" he sets my down in the beige chair next to my bed. \"Oh, Donnie…\" he frowns, \"Your stitches are bleeding.\" he grabs a paper towel, wets it, and hands it to me. I undo my gown from the top and he winces, seeing the stitching in my skin for the first time. I dab at the blood lightly. \"What were you thinking!\" I freeze. ' What were you guys doing in the middle of the road? What were you thinking ! ' I blink, and look up at him. \"I'm sorry.\" My vision blurs with tears, \"I'm so-s-sorry.\" My shoulders start to shake horribly. \"Frank, I'm so sorry.\" \"Whoa, whoa, hold on.\" he puts his hand out, afraid to touch me, \"Come on man, I didn't mean to yell at you. Don't cry, Donnie? Donnie, come on.\" he pats my back. I lean into his chest and he starts to rub his hand in a circle. \"Everything's okay.\" he shushes me, \"I'll still protect you.\" I laugh into his shirt, \"O-okay.\" \"Okay? Cool?\" he leans back and looks at me, \"You're so young… how can someone so young be so troubled?\" I shrug. \"Some people are just born with tragedy in their blood.\" I smirk, and wipe my chin of tears. \"…what?\" \"Gretchen told me something like that once.\" I offer. \"I think I understand what she means now.\" he takes this in for a moment, and then looks me straight in the eyes. \"Donnie…\" he hesitates, \"you're soaking wet,\" he laughs a little bit, and ruffles my hair, \"change, okay?\" I nod. He hands me the new gown and I ask him for a pair of fresh boxers from my suitcase. He does as told and turns around so I can have some privacy. I undress quietly, and as fast as possible as you can in a chair. It's difficult, but I get halfway without help. \"Uh, can I have some help with tying this?\" he glances over his shoulder, and seeing that I'm decent, turns around to aid me. He holds up the garment and I slip my arms through the holes, \"Ugh. These things are so annoying. They feel like paper.\" he grunts, sympathizing, and ties it in the back. \"There you go, kiddo.\" he pats my shoulder, \"You want me to do your sheets?\" \"Sure, if you want.\" he smiles and gets to it, \"Hey, can you hand me my vicodin?\" he tosses me my pills and I pop two in my mouth. \"Thanks.\" he takes them from me and sets them back down on my table. \"Sorry if I start to act weird, they get me really whacky.\" \"More than you are already? Oh joy.\" he spreads my top sheet on and claps his hands together, \"Done!\" Frank turns towards me, proudly smiling. \"Now… it's about five. Let's watch something for about an hour, and then I'll let you go to sleep, alright?\" God, why is he so nice to me. Maybe it's just because I'm Liz's little brother. Seeing my expression, the tan boy leans down to look me in the eyes. \"You okay? Is something wrong?\" he helps me back into bed, I wobble a little bit on the way, but I get situated eventually. I put the cover back over my mouth and chew on it. \"Why are you being so nice to me?\" I close my eyes, waiting for an answer. He gulps, and rubs his hands on his jeans. I can tell that I've put him in an awkward position. \"You're a good kid, Donnie. I wouldn't want anything to happen to you. You saved my life, didn't you?\" No. Yes, I don't know. \"You saved everyone. I mean, you're a hero. Just…\" \"No one knows it, right?\" I take a quick look at him, he's staring intensely at me. Those deep brown eyes… he blinks and lays on the bed next to me. \"You deserve recognition that no one seems to be giving you. And… I think there's something between us that is just making me want you to be happy.\" He looks at the ceiling, \"Is that weird?\" \"N…no. I want you to be happy, too.\" I uncover my mouth and scoot over, giving him more room. He takes it gladly, and puts his arm around my shoulder. I shiver. \"I am happy.\" he smirks at me, and grabs the remote. \"Now, what do you want to watch?\" his hair flips over his shoulder and he turns the TV on. I don't buy it, but I chuckle at him and think. \"How about… Married with Children?\" I laugh, he won't get the joke, but the least I can do is try to jog his memory. I always felt like he was watching me, even if I couldn't see him with my own eyes. He makes a face at me, and doesn't change the channel. It'll come on in a few minutes. I sigh, and lean my head into his shoulder, getting sleepy. The meds are kicking in. \"You have a nice face.\" I giggle. \"You're high, Donnie.\" he pats my head. \"No, well, yeah, but I still like your face. You're pretty.\" he looks down at me for a second, and then back at the screen as the show comes on. \"Do you think you and Liz will get married?\" \"…\" he thinks, \"No,\" Frank mumbles, \"your sister is great and everything, but she's not someone that I have a really good connection with. You know?\" Christina Applegate walks on screen and I stifle a laugh. \"She's such a fuckass.\" I grab his hand from my head and wrap his arm around me, \"Well, if you two don't work out, I call dibs.\" \"I…What's a fuckass?\"[Chapter 4] Dream of My Love(s) I had a dream while laying in his arms… I had a dream about Halloween night. Reliving those moments where I realized what I had just done. I was stuck; I was stuck between two people I loved and they were both dead because of me. If I had not gone looking for Cellar Door, Gretchen would've never died, and I wouldn't have shot him. I can't believe I did that. It hit me after he fell to the ground with that look on his face… this is what he was so sorry for. ' Why did I do that? Donnie, you fucking piece of shit .' I dropped the gun, dropped to my knees, and cried. I had an honest cry with myself for once. I looked at Gretchen, still as beautiful as ever, her skin still glowing with her last breath of life. God she was so perfect; her face was made of gentle curves and angelic features. Hair, draped over her right cheek, I brushed it aside and kissed her for one last time. I could have sworn that her lips were still warm. I looked at Frank, still as handsome as ever, his skin bronze with life that didn't have a chance to be fulfilled. He was perfect, but in a way so separate from Gretchen. He was strong featured, with the most gorgeous hint of Oriental blood in those glaring, venomous eyes. They controlled me in the way that Gretchen never could. I crawled to him and lifted him of the curse that he had been bound to, the suit. ' Why do you wear that stupid bunny suit?' ' WHY DO YOU WEAR THAT STUPID MAN SUIT?' Oh. I leaned him up against his beloved car, \"I'm so sorry.\" I pressed my lips to his forehead and stroked his cheek. \"Thank you for taking good care of us.\" I called the police, and looked at him for one last time. He looked so... Tortured. ' IT'S TIME.' I smirked sadly, took Gretchen into my arms and passed Menacing Frank with a longing look. \"Frank?\" He looked down at me in response, \"Was falling in love with you part of the plan?\" He moved his head back up, and I took it as my cue to leave. I got maybe 50 yards before I heard a soft whisper from behind me. ' DONNIE...' I turned my head to look at him, he took his mask off and was smiling at me, 'YOU'RE WELCOME.' I grinned, he grinned, we were both, finally, at peace.[Chapter 5] October 8th 1988 \"So X equals negative B, plus or minus radical B squared, plus negative four times A times C all divided by two times A.\" Frank sighs, again explaining a math concept to me that I missed in the past week. \"Can you try this problem?\" I look down, 'No,' but I press my pencil to paper and try anyways, it makes him happy, so why not try. It's Saturday, I shouldn't have to do this, but he's making me learn on the weekend. I guess I have nothing else better to do, considering how crippled I am. The sun isn't out, though. I wouldn't want to waste a sunny day, even if I have to drag all of the machines with me I'd rather just sit outside than in here. This place stinks like sweaty dick and old people. It's crawling with them, too. The old people, not sweaty dicks, I mean, that would be weird. Like pink caterpillars. I burst out laughing, thinking about this. Frank gives me a look. What the fuck is wrong with me? I shake my head at him, and continue working. \"Uh… there will be two answers to this one, right?\" he nods, \"I'm stuck.\" I say, and twiddle my pencil in my mouth. The brunette snatches it, wipes it on his shirt, and teaches me how to factor the huge number in front of me. He circles the answer and holds the pencil out to me. \"…oh.\" \"Uh huh, you make it harder than it needs to be.\" Well, I can't concentrate when you're sitting so close to me… you smell like aftershave and fresh cut grass. It's rather distracting. I stick my tongue out at him and try it on my own. \"So, not to side track you or anything, but did you ever get caught for flooding the school?\" \"You remember that?\" I raise an eyebrow, not looking at him. I think I have the answer… no. Crap. \"Yeah.\" he puts simply, and shifts positions, making my bed shake a little bit. \"You have to think about the highest perfect square…\" he mumbles, looking at my paper. I grunt and erase what I've written and look at him, he senses this and meets my eyes, \"Why'd you make me do that, anyways?\" he tilts his head, \"Flood the school.\" \"Oh,\" he looks back down and nibbles on his forefinger, \"Gretchen.\" Frank licks his lips nervously, \"I was supposed to make you talk to her some way,\" he closes his eyes in frustration, \"I don't know why, though.\" his fingers massage his temples slowly. \"Does it hurt?\" \"What?\" \"Remembering.\" he blinks and looks at me, then nods a little. \"Sorry… don't try to, then. I can just talk if you want. Maybe help you remember?\" His eyes soften and move to the ceiling, as if he were trying to stop crying. \"Do you want one of my pain pills?\" his fingers drum on my text book, and he tentatively nods. \"…kay.\" I smile and wiggle a little to be able to reach my pills, I open the bottle, sift one out, break it in half, then decide to just give him the whole thing, \"Here,\" I drop the halves in his hand and give him my water, \"It'll take maybe ten, fifteen minutes for them to kick in.\" Frank gulps them down with water and clicks his tongue on the roof of his mouth. \"Bad aftertaste.\" he shivers, \"Like chalk.\" I nod and laugh a little bit, \"Are these like, horse tranquilizers ? They're huge .\" \"Oh stop complaining, you'll be better than better soon.\" I poke his side with my elbow and he twitches away from me, grinning. \"Well, if I'm even half as cooky as you were the other day you might not want to be in the same bed as me. You were so weird , man.\" his long hair bounces around his shoulders, catching the light perfectly. It looks so soft… oh there my attention span goes again. \"I'm always that weird.\" I shrug, \"I just keep it inside.\" he scratches his ear with his shoulder. \"I dunno, dude. Whatever you say.\" \"Anyways, I'm supposed to tell you that story, right?\" he nods and reclines on my bed. \"Okay, it was the sixth, and it was raining out…\" I continue the story for a good half hour until his Motorola starts ringing, it's Liz. They were supposed to go out tonight for dinner, apparently he missed his time for picking her up. I could hear her screaming over the small phone. Man was she pissed. Frank held it far away from his ear, staring at me with this blank face that I couldn't put any emotion to. He mouths something along the lines of, 'Save me.' I wink and start to whine, \" Frank , my stitches hurt so bad , I think I'm bleeding . FRANK! Help me! I need someone to get me to the sink !\" Liz shuts up and he smiles in relief. \"Okay, yes I'll be home as soon as possible. I'll tell him. Love you, too. Bye.\" he hangs up and stares at the phone, then breaks into horrible laughter. \"That was great, kid.\" he gasps for air, \"I can't believe she fell for that.\" Frank makes this 'hoo' noise, trying to calm down. \"A-huh, uh, anyways, your sister says get better.\" \"Do you really love her?\" I don't know where that came from, but my new set just came in, I guess. This could turn very wrong, very fast. He's almost half a foot taller than me, and probably 30 pounds heavier. I look down immediately, not wanting to see his face. He sighs, \"It's more complicated than that. I thought I did, but ever since this whole situation, I'm starting to doubt everything that I know.\" his thumb traces circles on his knee, the denim wrinkles along with the motions. \"I'm remembering things that I don't think could happen. Feelings that I don't understand.\" he clenches and unclenches his fists. \"Donnie, I feel like…\" he holds onto a thought, teeth biting his lower lip, both fists facing upward, and then he lets go, \"never mind.\" he shakes his head, and smirks. \"No, what?\" I ask, clinging onto every word. \"It's stupid.\" \" Nothing you say is stupid.\" his head tilts up, eyes wide at how raw my words came out, \"Look, do you want to know something?\" I mess my hair up, and make a grunting noise, \"Okay, when you were a… whatever you were, you never talked to me. You always just nodded or moved your head , or answered me with one word sentences. It was so frustrating ! No matter what I asked you, no matter how complex the question, you always just stared at me in silence ! Then one day I finally get you to let your guard down a little bit, and it was fantastic , I actually felt like you accepted me as a friend. I could hear you , not that evil monotone that you were infected with… Frank,\" I grab his hand, \" everything that you say to me is important. Nothing that you say, will ever, ever be stupid.\" I breathe in and let go, closing my eyes. \"…\" he looks at his phone, it's 5:33 pm. Thunder rages outside, and the lights flicker a little. My TV turns off. \"I should go.\" he doesn't look at me. \"…Okay.\" I let my head bow and I bring my knees to my chest. \"Say 'hi' to my sister for me.\" he gets up and walks to the door, opens it and hesitates. \"What?\" Oh, please say something. Please… please… I feel so stupid. Frank opens his mouth, closes it, and purses his lips, \"I'll see you Monday.\" the door closes behind him with an extra loud 'click,' this time. \"Fuck…\" I start to shake. \"FUCK!\" I sob, and throw my text book at the door after him. I hate myself so fucking much right now. ' Don't leave me alone, you fuck!'[Chapter 6] October 10th 1988 I'm having that dream again, shooting him. This time, however, no smiles are exchanged, just blood. Just all of the blood pouring out of his eye. I feel sick, I want to throw up, I'm sobbing uncontrollably, fuck, fuck, fuck . I'm screaming now, I'm screaming fuck, I'm screaming God, I'm screaming for mercy, and most importantly I'm screaming his name. Between sobbing and screaming I hear someone very far off saying something to me, I'm being shaken, and I bolt up in bed and start to cry for real, still shouting his name, my voice hoarse from the pressure. I can barely catch my breath, and snot is covering my upper lip. Whoever is sitting next to me is freaked out, and shifts away from me, I don't realize it's to get me a tissue. I grab at it and wipe my whole face off, still shaking like a cold puppy. I sniffle, and dab at my eyes, trying to clear my vision. \"Augh, God… I'm so sorry.\" ' FOR WHAT?' I freeze, that voice. Chills are sent up and down my spine, and I turn to look. It's a man in a suit, with a scary mask that is all too familiar. My mouth stretches into a big smile and I start to cry again, \"Is that really you?\" ' I WILL BE,' he tilts his head up to the ceiling and thinks, 'ONE DAY.' My stomach drops a little, but I still smile a little bit. He's sitting on the edge of my bed, not looking towards me. I lay upright, and try to figure out what he is looking at. My hand reaches out to his back. \"Frank?\" It hits his fur with a soft 'pat.' \"Why can I touch you?\" ' CAN YOU TOUCH HIM?' his head tilts back down and he waits. \"I don't know anymore.\" I sigh, and rub my hand back and forth over his shoulders, the fake fabric feel so soft against my left palm. \"I want to,\" I shrug, \"but I think I did something wrong. I think I opened up too much too fast.\" Frank nods slowly, and turns around, bringing one knee up onto the bed. \"How is your eye?\" Frank lowers his head and lets me slip his mask off, it's still damaged. \"You haven't changed a bit…\" I bring my fingers from his shoulder, to his cheek, just letting it lay there for a moment or two. He leans his head into my touch, and I push forward, \"Frank?\" he blinks and looks up at me. \"Did you ever love me?\" his eyebrows relax and he closes his eye again. ' DONNIE…' Frank smirks like he usually does, and hesitates, 'I CAN'T ANSWER THAT.' my eyes start to sting, stomach feeling even sicker. \"Why!\" I whine, \"Why can't you ever tell me anything? You never give me a straight answer! Will I ever be able to get anything out of you?\" he looks a little shocked, \"You don't act like you even care. At all.\" he sits up abruptly and pushes his finger into my chest, I inhale sharply. ' DO NOT EVER SAY THAT AGAIN.' I'm kind of scared, and it must show because his face immediately softens, 'I'M SORRY.' his shoulders fall a little. ' I DO CARE. I WANT TO TELL YOU EVERYTHING, DONNIE. BUT IT ISN'T MY PLACE TO.' he grabs my hand and leans back into it, breathing in deeply, with a small smile. I understand what he means, but I don't think I'll ever find out. Frank Anderson couldn't have left sooner, like I was diseased. I don't think he'll be coming back. I'm fine, right here, with Frank. My Frank, the Frank that has always been here. Always seen everything. I pinch his chin in my fingers and make him look at me, he smiles wider, with me and I move down to kiss his forehead. \"I missed you.\" He pulls away. 'I'VE BEEN WATCHING YOU.' \"Like anything has changed,\" I chuckle, \"that should creep me out, but I'm flattered.\" ' I NEED TO WORK HARDER.' Frank takes his gloves off and cups my face, 'I CAN'T STAY.' His smile falters, but comes back. I nod, \"Yeah, but I don't care. You'll always be with me.\" he grins, \"I'm not going to let go if you're not.\" His hair is glistening like it always was, and he smells just the same as I left him. \"Frank…\" I breathe out and rub my thumb across the bottom of his left eye. \"Please tell me the truth,\" we're maybe two inches away from each other now, breath hitting faces, noses grazing, eyes blurring but also focusing so hard on what's in front of us, \"I need to know.\" ' DONNIE.' \"…alright.\" I loosen my grip on him, and his tightens. I lean forward, and kiss his cheek. His grip tightens even more, as if he needs this more than I do, I bite my lower lip, \"I love, you.\" His hands soften and bring us together. My eyes close, and we're connected for the longest five seconds I have ever lived. I pull back, and blink, Frank looks at the floor and smirks. ' IT WAS PART OF IT.' \"What?\" ' THE PLAN.' I grin, and suppress a laugh. \"You're evil.\" I lean in to kiss him, for one last time. WE lay together then, for a long, long time. Me, on top of his chest, stroking his fur. Him, petting my hair down. I can finally touch him, and it makes me happier that I have ever been. Eventually, though, I nod off and when I wake up, he's gone. As if he's never even been here. The tissue is still on the floor though, covered with my snot. I feel bad for whoever has to clean up after me. The phone rings, \"Hello?\" I pick it ip and quip, happily. The side effects of cuddling with him are still in tact. I'm giddy. \"Hi… Donnie, something happened to Elizabeth.\" ","Summary":" October 3rd 1988 Have you ever felt like you're stuck in a tennis ball, and every time you say some"},{"Movie":"A Goofy Movie","Title":"Gather Wood","Author":"IZZY-CHAN13","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12754746","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"They're here, Dad.\" A foreboding figure stood alongside the boy and peered through the glass, \"That they are.\" He putting the curtain back in place, \"Got everything ready?\" A couple pieces of luggage on the bed, all sealed up and neat. The kid stuttered, \"Y-yes.\" A twinge of pain made him grimace as he picked up the bags on his own. Any normal boy would ask for help from his father. Maybe he wanted to prove his own strength. \"Bradley.\" Stopping at the entrance to the room, he dared not say a word. \"Remember to behave.\" A nod to the wood and carpet of the floor signaled that he understood. Another kid plopped next to his nervous wreck of a friend, grinning excitedly, \"It's so cool you're coming with us!\" Said friend smiled in return, however soft it was, before looking out the car window, the world tinted gray and blue, halfway wishing… \"Is Mr. Uppercrust going to see you off, Bradley?\" To avoid being rude, the boy answered the older Goof, \"He's busy. It's okay; we can go now.\" Buckling his seat belt now eager to leave. To be as far as possible from this estate. The black pup was psyched to have a friend accompany him after being told that his closest friend, P.J., would be unavailable during the summer break. Pete deciding to drag the whole family to a barrage of otherwise enjoyable locations and events. It was the foul businessman's chance to get away from the \"germ-ridden\" Goofy and his delinquent son. Surely this would affect the other boy negatively. Max prodded at the younger Uppercrust's shoulder and got a quick yelp in response. \"Whoa there!\" having to jump back to the other side of the car. Goofy was humming a tune, oddly too focused to notice his son's outburst. \"You okay, Brad?\" \"Uh—Uhm..\" Bradley rubbed at his arm to come up with a good excuse, \"I was sleeping. At least, about to.\" The boys were more than halfway there, to the campsite recommended to them by a friend of Alphonse's. 'Alphonse' being the name of Bradley Uppercrust's father. Goofy was assured that it was a beautiful place. By the sight of looming mountains, babbling creeks, lush green forest, and fresh morning air surrounding them and the road, the man's word was true. Bradley rolled up the window to not catch a cold; he wasn't used to being outside for that long. Outside home and school… He still wondered if he could take being in the city where his dad worked or even in the taken-for-granted comforts of suburbia. The young canine turned his neck to see that Max had given up on getting his attention, gazing out his own window. He felt.. weird. He was the older one by two years, yet he felt like the baby for being so inexperienced in childhood fun and interaction. He lacked the fearlessness and spirit of most kids their age and, needless to say, it isolated him. On that note, the way he communicated appreciation and concern was absent at worst and awkward at best. \".. Max?\" His hand reaching out to the middle seat cushion between them, \"Was there something you wanted to tell me?\" Knowing that Max didn't like having his dad involved, he kept his voice low. The other gave a shrug, still facing away, \"I forgot.\" Bradley went into a slump before the other dog turned around and laughed, \"I'm kidding!\" \"Heh, oh.\" He perked himself up and was all ears. \"What's the first thing ya wanna do there? Swimming hiking bike riding?\" Giggling nervously out of embarrassment, \"Whatever you want first, Max. But don't you think we should set up the tent before all that?\" \"Oh yeah,\" the other looking bored for a split second, \"that.\" The older Goof looked behind him, \"Do you boys want to make a pit stop? There's a store coming up ahead and I need to fill up the car with gas-il-leen.\" \"Yeah Dad, but could you keep your eyes on the road before you get us killed?\" Brad cringed at his friend's behavior towards his father. He wouldn't try \"correcting\" his own for anything. \"Okie Dokie.\" Back to driving as if nothing said was an insult. \"Bradley, we gotta stock up on s'more material.\" As if Goofy never interrupted. \"Uh, yeah.\" What was a s'more? Max Goof kept on tapping his shoe, ready to run around like a certain blue hedgehog, \"You almost done?\" Bradley poked his face out of the tent, \"Yeah.\" \"Well come on then!\" Pulling at his arms through the opening and to a stand. Both had a change of clothes for the upcoming hike. Tents took long enough to set up; Goofy so happened to be wrestling with his for quite some time until they detangled him out of that mess. Being a novice, Brad could only observe father and son working on the smaller contraption. A rather light breeze ruffled their hair. Right now the temperature was at a low 70˚ F. It was ideal that it stay this way. \"Max; your tennis shoes are untied.\" The boy that said it got down on his knees to try and do his friend a favor. The other was quizzical, easing him aside, \"Don't bother, Brad. I got it.\" Getting down himself, his friend scooted further on his bare knees, bruising up a little from the pressure. The older observed the knots being formed and pulled for a few seconds. \"There we go.. Brad?\" \"Oh. Yeah..\" Refusing Max's hand to push himself up. \"Now. Now can we go?\" \"Alright, we can.\" Holding onto the straps of a heavy load. Sooner or later it would be digging into his shoulders. Max had so much vitality in comparison. He carried his own like it was nothing but a knapsack. Bradley gave a small sigh at making these observations, not wanting to get himself down on a special weekend. The sun was just above the forest, the sky now showing orange for a new day. Goofy was supposed to go with them, but then realized sooner or later that it would be lunch, so he stayed behind and got himself ready at the grill with spices and fresh veggies. He found out pretty quick that Bradley was not as picky as his kid was. Heck, little Bradley was fond of watching the Goof cook. Since it always turned out delicious he had to know how the magic in an otherwise chaotic kitchen was done. Max started on the trail through a small clearing within their local flora, his friend idling behind. Said boy saw a foot tapping and he picked up the pace. The air was wonderful. Still a bit cold but not like how it was on their car ride over here. The clouds parted and after about a half hour of trekking or so the sky went baby blue. The older boy was at peace as wind rustled the leaves and through his chestnut hair. So much at ease that his eyelids began to droop listening to the sound— \"Brad come on!\" \"Coming.\" The illusion interrupted. Minutes turned to an hour, two hours. Atmosphere thinning with each step on the elevating path. Every time Uppercrust wanted to just enjoy the moment, the Goof would zip by him as if it were a race, \"Really?\" \"Don't want to be caught by the animals right?\" As if instilling worry into the guy would have him pick up his feet to keep in sync, \"Heh heh; they gotta eat too.\" Several minutes followed before stepping onto stone; cragged rocks were a small obstacle for the little Goof. The other struggled running out of air, \"I—uh—need to,\" the last couple words a faint whisper. Sweat trickling down his forehead, Bradley took a seat on the flat top of a boulder, setting his pack down with gratitude. Max saw his sorry state and smiled at him in good will, following suit. The platform was wide enough for both. Max took a swig of water with zeal, \"ah!\" Droplets rolling off his chin onto his shirt made Bradley's need for cleanliness spike, \"Egh.\" He looked away from the sight and took out his own canteen. The boy took his drink in sips and peered downward. Patches of slate, tan—having to squint his eyes—sea green, lavender.. \"So glad that I'm not afraid of heights.\" Their feet suspended just a little over a cliff but luckily secured by the slab which served as a solid step. Max followed his gaze and spied on a hawk going off into the distant hills. \"Hm. You wanna find the biggest n' baddest roller coaster sometime then?\" \"Nooo.\" Hoping the very idea wouldn't give him vertigo, \"That, later. Maybe someday.\" \"Pfft.\" Capping his container methodically. By the end of their hike, near the campsite, Bradley was falling short of breath, \"Ah!\" As if he would collapse. \"Aw come on Brad it's not that bad!\" \"I'm gonna die!\" Being pricked by mosquitoes wasn't helping. The once benevolent sun glared down onto them and streams of sweat were a sure result of it. The weight of the pack threatened to topple him over, knees shaking. Max laughed at a face which exaggerated the ailment—mouth gaping open and eyes buggy, brows up at the forehead. \"How, come, you're still alive?\" \"I'm used to camping, Bradley—duh.\" Allowing his friend's arm over his shoulder, \"Hold on, almost done. And food's about ready.\" The agreeable scent reached their nostrils, but what Brad really needed was a drink. He had finished whatever was in the canteen about an hour ago. Down the trail a ways off Goofy was waging war with a black bear smarter than average. He was up a white pine tree with a foil tray of just cooked hot dogs with bacon wrapping. Poking the animal's nose with a stick got it to bellow violently—\"Yow!\" Legs lifted Goofy to the top where he began swaying in the air, \"Sorry but these are for the boys!\" Another roar could be heard but it was feeble in comparison and sounded of one of absolute exhaustion, which got the bear's attention. Bradley fell face down into the dirt. Still groaning in frustration at himself for being a total wuss, and too tired to realize that a giant furry thing was sniffing his hair. With little movement Max had snatched a medium-sized, raw silver fish from his dad's morning catch and dangled it in front of its nose. The bear grunted in question and lifted its eyes up to the shimmering treat, \"rwr.\" \"Follow me.\" Keeping a distance of at least ten steps, \"That's it mister.\" Eager, it clamped its jaw around the specimen right before it was dropped and hobbled off with it. For good measure Max followed the beast carefully with two others and positioned them on a fallen log that was in its path, \"Bon appétit.\" Goofy had clambered down, shaky in setting the tray on the fold-out table. He noticed a turtle—No; Brad was still stuck there. \"This sucks.\" The overall stringiness of his frame and lack of developed muscle made using his arms to lift himself off the ground futile, \"Help.\" The older Goof got next to him and flipped the oversized thing over so that Uppercrust could slip out. \"Oww..! Th-Thanks, Mr. Goof. I mean, Goofy.\" \"No problemo, Charlie.\" Brad giggled but coughed halfway. Max came back with a bunch of edible berries cradled in the fold of his shirt, \"Figured to take some before he did.\" Confused, Bradley had to ask, \"who?\" Getting a massive gulp of water from their reserve. \"A bear.\" Brad spat out, \"B-Bear? There are bears here?!\" The adult peered over his food counter realizing fish had been taken, \"Well I'll be darned. Guess we gotta go fishin' again.\" \"Later, Dad—Bradley! Seriously get out of that tent!\" Spying on a bag of marshmallows, a thin pale hand reached inside only to have it slapped, \"Hey!\" \"Those are for the s'mores!\" \"But it was already open!\" Rubbing hand lightly almost pouting. \"How else are we gonna get them out? Magic?\" Bradley folded his arms, \"Warn me next time.\" The camping novice was having all kinds of bad luck from falling into the freezing lake at getting perhaps their biggest catch of the day that got away to being stalked by bees and other such insects after being coated with free-falling syrup. There was a close encounter with that same bear that developed a fondness for Maxie's generosity. Goofy would have something to say about it but stopped dead in his tracks at a look the creature gave him, 'I'm keeping my eye on you.' Standing up high and giving the gesture with its paw. At that point Brad about fainted. The day was finally winding down and Bradley was glad to have had a chance to bathe alone to get the stink off. Truth to tell after that oddball dinner of steak spaghetti, chickpea salad and half of a peanut butter sandwich, he was still hungry. Rather than piss Max off he picked up a handful of the washed berries in anticipation of the s'mores he kept on blabbing about, popping said berries in one by one. Tangy sweet juice could easily stain his shirt but Brad figured out that staying neat and tidy outdoors was a lost cause. \"Soon, Bradley.\" Giving a smile that seemed as if Max was hiding something of an esoteric nature. The other boy rolled his eyes, \"Okaaaayy.\" The buddy was literally treating the preparation like a ritual. An offering of graham crackers to the fire gods in a crumpled section of foil. The small slabs of chocolate and marshmallows in their own makeshift bowl. Spindling branches at the ready. Blue orbs doused with warm light saw an acoustic guitar leaning on the stump where Goofy was sitting, \"Are you just going to play it, or will you sing too?\" \"That's up to you.\" Grinning toothily. Bradley hummed already finding nighttime to be much more manageable, \"Tomorrow night; I'm sure you sound great but I want to save it for later.\" Overall the young teen preferred instrumental anyway. \"Okay, strumming only.\" The black pup clapped his gloved hands together, \"We are ready!\" To add to the atmosphere Bradley started a mock chant; baby blue squinted over and Goofy glanced over, \"Huh?\" \".. Yama Oyama..? What I'm helping.\" A little smirk. \"Weirdo.\" Sticking on a marshmallow to one of the fanned out ends of the stick to roast over the fire, \"Put the rest on, brother.\" Uppercrust did just that and was given the branch to hold over the heat, \"but not too close or you'll char the wood!\" Max kept Brad's arm and flimsy wrist steady. It took both hands and the genius method of standing up on a chair to not have the fire pit consume the puffy things, caramelizing slowly until they got close to brown then approaching black. \"They're done, Bradley!\" The older boy got down gingerly and saw another pair of hands with crackers and chocolate clasp onto the sticky goodness before pulling it out, \"This,\" holding it out to the initiate, \"Is a s'more!\" Ah. Looked like a crunchy sweet sandwich. Max gave it to him and took the branch to get the rest out, \"Enjoy!\" By then Goofy had finally settled on a tune after much deep pondering with hand to chin and glancing upward. A chord and a bit of fine tuning with dexterity showcased the potential of his talents; before they knew it he had started and the soothing melody satisfied Bradley the most. Violins of a faint memory of his mother, father and a theatre were replaced by something rustic, bold and optimistic. Teeth took hold of the s'more, napkin ready to catch the crumbs, and a bit of an ooey gooey piece, \"Mm!\" Okay maybe too sweet and maybe really bad for him but it was a \"commoner's\" quirk like this that made him feel more connected with the so-called lower crowd. \"Thank you, Max.\" The black pup downing his second, \"No prob! Take another one.\" Bradley did but gazed off a little into the flames before looking upward. The tops of the trees managed to escape illumination and the tufts stood black to blue. Head back down to bob a little in appreciating the music until before Goofy took a well-deserved break for dessert. \"You play great.\" At this point beaming. \"Thank ye kindly.\" Lowering the brim of his fishing hat studded with a nerd's lures of various colors; a curiosity to that of the kind man that wore it. In place of acoustic were the little hoots and tiny screech that resembled that of bats; they couldn't be too sure as not a single animal was in sight. Thinking a ways ahead, Bradley expected to hear the howl of a great wolf—a pack of wolves, later late evening. Instead of letting fear show he munched on the second without breathing until it was finished. A bit of contemplative silence for a while. \"Hey—want me to tell a scary story?\" \"Sure, M— \"No!\" Covering his ears. He knew that the stories that Max told without censorship such as his dad could be borderline disturbing. Perhaps way too many video games and movies. Another disadvantage of camping over staying at home. Sleeping on the uneven and hard ground was terrible! The makeshift cushion seemed to help some. The younger kid was confused as to why Bradley wouldn't change along with him—It was a boy thing to do, right? He didn't smell that bad or anything. In respecting his request they got ready at separate times. As far as the imagination could reach, at least Brad was impartial to the tales of zombies, vampires, and werewolves. But talk about murderers and other real life evils, now that put him on edge. Maxie was kind enough not to go too much into detail this time around. Still, it was hard to settle down into sleep, both thinking too much of disparate things and the little Goof thought it was the best time to get the flashlight and shine it right in the face of the unsuspecting boy— \"Ah! What the hell's your problem?!\" Max flinched thinking his comrade would strike him for interrupting much needed rest. \"Whoa there. Language.\" \".. Sorry.\" The other mumbled before flopping back down, \"ow. Forgot that this wasn't my bed.\" Sighing. Goof flicked off the light and shifted his weight away, \"Wanted to have fun that's all. Still kinda early in my book so..\" Brad growled before pulling the flap over his head being a sourpuss. \"You're usually not like this when you've slept over.\" \"I said, I'm sorry .\" Reaching an arm out fumbling in the dark, fingers reaching his friend's hand, or rather his thumb, \"I got freaked a little that's why.\" ….. In slumber, breathing was off and faint and rushed dialogue was heard. Brad talked in sleep sometimes but the words were usually too jumbled—or they seemed to be—to get the meaning. \"I…. no… wait.\" Polyester shuddering along with him, repeating the last word. Legs under the cover shifted over and over as if running, \"D—\" Eyes opened. Before getting up he took note of the unfamiliar setting. Eyes dry and stinging, Bradley sniffed and stood up; Max buried himself in time to not be caught spying on him. To make the illusion complete he faked a snore which nearly alleviated the mood. Not even five minutes afterward the other was outside the tent. Assuming bathroom break, Max's eyelids began to droop. By now Uppercrust was forgetting how frightening the woods were supposed to be. Shoes on his feet, he wandered a long way underneath a blanket of many stars. Given where he lived he could get out of the house any night once the estate's lights were off to take in the beauty of space, but the thought usually never crossed his mind. So glad his pajamas proved enough insulation for the mild cold. Mind trying to be still in favor for this love of the moon, currently at its crescent. If he decided to stop walking his thoughts would catch up to him. Instead of sitting down at a river's bank to ruminate, he went back and crawled back inside the tent and into his down feather sleeping bag. \"Good night.\" To no one before exhaling deeply and weighing himself down both physically and in consciousness.[Chapter 2] Seemed that the boys had awoken to a sour mood. It wouldn't be the first time that Goofy had to play mediator. The thirteen-year-old looked up in silence; had the man not known any better it would easily be mistaken for a glare, \"Yes, Mr. Goof?\" Slackening his defenses, Bradley placed his arms down and leaned back a little. The black dog knelt carefully smiling some, \"Did you have a good night's sleep?\" Without thinking the boy gulped, \"I had a nightmare and just walked around; that's all. I kept close to camp;\" Taking notice at the father's surprise, \"I'm ok.\" Brad recoiled when Goofy placed a hand on his shoulder; it was taken back so he could keep a better distance. Not too long ago he made an attempt to discuss something important with Alphonse, although it ended up leading to Mr. Goof being booted out of the office. At least Bradley's temper wasn't as explosive.. Something was wrong. The topic would be brought up another time. Back at the campsite, Max was just outside the small tent brooding while reading a chapter of Goosebumps . What was it with Brad throwing a fit well past the age of having them..? \"Guy can't take a joke even.\" Forgetting that the tent was just fabric being supported by beams, he about sank into it when he tried to relax—\"!\" Pushed himself back on his rump just in time; Max just noticed his dad and his odd friend coming his way. To resume normalcy, Max started up reading again on a different page. \"Max.\" The son gulped at the tone of voice, \"Yes?\" Eyes barely peeking out of the book cover—Brad was much calmer now, up until Goofy made an announcement, \"I need the two of you to gather wood for the campfire tonight—also for cooking in case we run out of charcoal.\" The boys glanced at each other anxiously. \"Let's not dilly dally.\" Brad swallowed his fountain of pride quick, \"Yes Sir.\" He didn't wait for Max as he was suddenly past them, off into the woods and the unknown. \".. Wait.\" The older kid wouldn't listen; Goofy looked on as his son went after Brad in a low sulk as if ashamed. Being ignored like this was perhaps fair punishment for what had happened earlier. Being riled up had the effect of making some stronger than usual, as was the case with this one. There was no hint of a whine from Uppercrust's throat as he carried a woodpile that should have weighed him down in seconds. In all honesty Max couldn't tell if he was focused or just angry. Thoughtless, Max felt like he shrunk—it was rare to see this sort of spark within deep blue irises. The boy sighed bringing his head down as he couldn't indulge in the negative for too long, \"I'm sorry,\" a mumble that didn't quite reach the other's ear. Brad shoved another armful of lumber to him, \"Quit staring into space.\" The biting undertone managed to break Max out of his lull, \"I'm not dumb you know.\" The teen raised a brow, \"I never said— \"Well you were thinking it..!\" Max huffed, gripping the bark to his chest to prevent it from flying out of its cradle. Bradley simply dropped the subject in response and no longer spoke for a good hour; gestures were done in small doses to get their task done. The longer they kept their silence, the more questions churned inside him; Max forced down a primal reaction to frustration. It was usually at this point that his friend, so-called, would begin to apologize profusely for his poor behavior. Grating minutes passed without exchange. Looking each other in the eye was hard to do; since when was Bradley intimidating? \".. Max.\" The boy gulped and looked away as he continued, \"I was, dreaming about my dad. That's it.\" \"…\" Failing to respond. Brad sighed, half wishing the day could be over already. A chill swept through the forest; faint bird calls teased their ears. Max dropped a couple branches by mistake, which the other picked up and tossed into his own pile. The black dog bit his lip in embarrassment; without warning a firm yet warm hand gripped onto his shoulder. He couldn't get his head up to see a small smile. \" I don't know what you see in the boy.\" \" He's another boy—a friend Dad; Sir.\" Bradley looked away from Alphonse, \"He's my only real friend.\" The son left it at that; the father raised a heavy hand only to tuck it underneath his own chin, as if in disbelief that this relationship to the Goof had a base stronger than superficial commonalities. \" .. Bradley. You know that someday, you're going to have to part ways with him.\" Alarmed eyes shot up, and shook under the earth-tinged irises. It wasn't a joke; that much was certain. The small Uppercrust swallowed nothing and yet his voiced waned terribly, \"You can't..! wh—Why?\" Alphonse only shook his head slowly, assuming that he was either too young or simply unattached to social mores to understand what those reasons were. As he turned to walk away, there was a strong tug at his sleeve and well-pressed cuff of a simple dress shirt. \"Why can't I be with him? There's nothing wrong about them!\" His dad stared plainly, \"You're going to have to take on more responsibilities as you get older.\" The boy flinched, darkened eyes asking why. \"Because I said so.\" Bradley took a step back while rubbing at stinging sockets, \"It's, it's because we're rich, isn't it?\" He barely noticed a figure towering over him until it was too late to be prepared. \" You're smart; you should know it's more than that.\" A cool sigh to get himself to calm and think through words carefully, \"We're of a different class with different customs.\" There was a sharp silence before a growl startled him. Max must have incited a spark of rebellion; something which Alphonse Uppercrust wasn't going to forgive. \" To hell with 'class'.\" Brows furrowed low as sapphire gleamed upward, \"I don't want to change this..! I haven't been happier since—! Arm squeezed hard, \"Watch your mouth.\" Met with defiance in the form of a glare which the older male wasn't used to. Had he been on the drink, the kid might have well been stomped into the floor. The man gulped even as the grip tightened. Bradley gave out noises resembling a pup caught in a trap before trying to pull away—he wasn't about to beg. \" Max is my friend!\" Limb shoved away, \"I care for him, a lot.\" Now speaking to the carpet, with arm going numb; Brad didn't bother to try raising it. \" You don't think I notice that? You should appreciate that I've allowed this relationship to take place at all—out of nothing but a chance meeting.\" A shaking fist covered up the bruise forming on skin, marks of fingers imprinted upon it. Bradley wanted to smile at that moment in time—during a business proposition between his dad and that of another one of Max's friends. \" Ow.\" Drawing in breath suddenly, \"D-Dad.\" . . . \" Dad?\" When he peered up, Alphonse had already taken his leave. The young teen pursed his lips in trying to process his father's disapproval in a rational way. White in the eyes reddened, and failure to understand came down onto warm, tingling cheeks. \" You..!\" Not being in possession of a library of curses, his frame merely collapsed on the soft carpet in a much deeper sadness than anger. Eyes shut tight. \" .. Why did you let me, then?\" \"Does he even like to go outside?\" The silence between them was over for some time, and Max was nothing but grateful for it; he had to keep upbeat for them both. Bradley looked nowhere in particular, \"He's either at the work office or his home office, or just cooped up in his room. I don't think he does..\" That wasn't the case when she was around. He shook his head a little to not linger on the past. It was kind of funny to entertain the notion of Mr. Uppercrust being out there with them. An image of the man holed up inside a luxurious tent with a hardbound book or newspaper in hand got the teen to grin however lightly, \"Mom loved being outside for walks and..\" Quelling himself mute, he glanced Max's way thinking that bringing her up would unintentionally slight him, who had no memory of a mother's smile and warmth. But the other seemed unfazed, \"And what?\" Bradley shrugged his shoulders as if it wasn't really important; the younger boy nearly dropped his pile, \"You keep doing that, leading up to something neat before you just stop talking.\" They were nearly out of the thick part of the woods with their last haul; baby blue eyes shone in the hazy sunlight in anticipation. Bradley quirked a brow, \"You think my life is 'neat'?\" Chuckling some, \".. She'd bring us all along for hikes beyond the estate grounds—including Yoli,\" Max now wondered how old the heady lead servant was— \"And.. Mom knew something about riding horses from where, she was from.\" Putting on a somber face at the other's raised eyebrows, \"I never got to learn; the few that we had were sent off after she had gone.\" Finding their mother lode of branches, Uppercrust gingerly got on his knees to set his part down. Max followed suit, hoping that his prodding wasn't too much. The older boy was quiet, loose hold on his shoulder. Sapphire dulled before a surreal glow managed to get a grin on his face, \"Think that your dad could survive getting on a horse?\" The smaller kid looked on with a crooked brow, \"Huh?\" \"Since he's survived practically anything else!\" Barely covering an emerging giggle with a flared out hand, giving the impression of a petite rich girl—to which Max smirked almost ruthlessly, \"I bet he can, and would do circles around your dad if they had a 'friendly competition'.\" Bradley couldn't help but laugh at the very idea, \"Oh?\" \"Yep. And I think even now Dad could teach Al on all this camping stuff too. We could have a Father-Son race on the lake in canoes,\" circulating his arms on his sockets in a rowing motion. Young Uppercrust placed his hands on his hips, changing his body's posture from meek to confident, \"In that case, we'd win for sure. He lifts weights in his spare time..!\" He turned away, embarrassed. The few times he wanted to interact with his father he'd end up being an unwilling voyeur to private moments in his daily life. Some rare scenes from the past were too much even for a grownup. \"He does look the type. Bradley? Your face is getting kinda red.\" He closed his eyes to calm, before sniffing, \"I think, the chill out here is starting to get me sick.\" Max gasped and started to drag him back to camp, \"We can't have that happen this weekend, come on.\" But, the wood? \"Let me carry most of it for now. You need to put a sweater on first!\" It had been a good three hours since the boys left. A tinge of fatherly instinct worried for their safety. Just as he turned around to face the trees near the clearing of the campsite he breathed a sigh of relief. The two walked alongside each other with heavy piles. Max and Bradley had set up a relay system to get the desired item back to base. In retrospect they should have brought the wagon. At least Brad seemed all better in ten minutes from his initial claim, now that the sun was upon them. Goofy chuckled, happy for their current dispositions—back to normal in talking about random things. He set down a pack of flour for a late breakfast to help get what was left spread in a line throughout the forest. \"Thanks Mr. Goof.\" Bradley stretched his arms out to the sky, shutting his eyes. Max tried doing the same but was caught on his thoughts. He couldn't help but wonder how he would turn out once the waves of puberty started. Would his mood swings be as bad as his friend's, or worse? On one occasion the off topic of girls came up; the older one wasn't excited about it but he felt he had to tell Max that he'd start to develop 'those romantic feelings'. Besides his cousin Debbie, Maxie couldn't believe it would run so deep. As the saying went, 'Bros before— \"Hey, Son.\" Hand on his shoulder, \"Everything fixed up between you two?\" Max paused and gave a slow, jerky nod of his head. He looked to notice Bradley slowly walking towards their fishing boat, out of curiosity, to see it filled to the brim with pink suds for its maintenance. It was an ill advised idea to try scooping it up as if it were in a tub although it was tempting. Max kept his voice low to answer, \"Ya think, next time, we could make Alphonse go with us?\" His old man couldn't give a straight answer. A moment's glance at the other boy produced a slightly pained expression on him. This time Bradley didn't have enough energy to be super adventurous, but settled for a half-day's hike through another part of the forest. Countless, thin yet lush tall trees with rare dappling of sun through various shades of emerald green. Bright moss decorated the rocks and darker areas as if lighting the way. It was something out of a fantasy epic. It was common sense however that no animals were suddenly going to be dancing along with a little song. While he found it soothing, Max had a hard time to give in to the quiet atmosphere. His dad was so invested in the walk he got a hold of a brochure detailing the specific flora and fauna in the region. He about squeaked when he caught sight of a baby bunny of an odd color and a flying squirrel. With the adult's permission, the boys were able to wander around a freer range. The oldest broke off of the designated path when he overhead a sloshing of water, growing louder than a shower head on full blast. Mist hit his face; Brad shivered at the sudden drop of temperature. He let out a breath once settling into the new environment. \"Max!\" Trying to call over the sheer white noise, \"Goofy! Come over here!\" Goofy wasted no time, \"You found the waterfall~!\" holding out the map in front of his face tripping on a rock much too fast for Bradley to react. He winced instead for the supposed pain, \"Are you alright?\" The man bounced back up, \"I'm a-OK\", signaling the gesture. The least he could do was get a Band-Aid for the minute scrape below his chin. Max could have made the same mistake had he not caught himself, \"oop—!\" The younger kid's eyes held a sparkle once he observed the height of that natural wonder. Max hopped on a flat rock near the edge of the pool and invited his friend to do the same. Brad saw it coming, but he was still nervous about getting closer to the torrent beating on the stones just below. \"I—I'll, be right there Max..!\" With wanton abandon, he then took a running start on a white granite strip to leap off its edge. He doubled over backwards but gained his footing. Max reached out his hand to him at the last wide stretch, \"Almost here!\" A second later the boy had a stronghold on the teen's wrist, pulling him to safety. Bradley caught his breath, \"Th-Thanks..\" By this point the mist on their faces pretended to be sweat from exertion. Instead of letting go, Max guided him to the foaming cascade, \"We're running through it~!\" At that Brad squeezed his hand a little too hard but Maxie was too invested in the feat to notice. That, and Goofy's near cries for them to reconsider; the current seemed much too strong. \"One, two!\" Three! They had a moment's notice to hold their breath. Roaring at their ears would likely leave them ringing for at least an hour. The weight of water had them buckling at the knees. So much for a leap; they ended up crawling out of the other side soaked to the bone. \"~Whoo—Ack!\" The black dog coughed before giggling madly with glee despite possibly freezing within the cave. Bradley only shivered in place of celebrating but was intrigued at the hole they just found. As best he could, he squeezed water out of his mopped up hair, wincing a bit at the pain near his shoulder that he managed to ignore up to this point. \"I think, that's..\" running his hand over a damp, smooth wall—faint carvings could be seen. The lighting wasn't the greatest to discern what they could be. \"Hey,\" Max poked Brad's shoulder for him to glance back at the entrance, \"I think this water's blue, for real.\" The other kid almost didn't believe it until they stared at it for about a minute. What would cause..? \".. Maybe we're just overthinking it. Maybe the stone itself is blue and—\" The Goof rolled his eyes in response, \"Blah blah, blah science.\" Brad raised a brow and failed to glare back, beginning to laugh instead. \"Ha—you're getting better,\" the other grinned. \"What?\" \"Well hello~!\" Goofy popped in through a small space between the slab of rock and the waterfall—he had taken the long way around to preserve his camera, set on 'Record'. Max waved enthusiastically at the lens, \"Hello~!\" Bradley hid his face instead, kind of wishing they had stayed in solitude a little longer… Their goal, again, was to not fall ill. When they finally cleared the forest, the hotter sun and slight breeze got most of the moisture off. The teen sneezed, but preferred that over having to take his shirt off in front of them. He saw their laughter; Max's joy. They made a pretty good team, all things considered. In contrast, his own relationship with his father was.. Bradley wasn't jealous, but appreciative that he had come across a decent father figure worthy of respect, talented in many ways despite the inherent flaws that may have been passed down from Goof to Goof. Sometimes the boy would backtrack in his mind to find fractions of memory from when he and his dad would spend time together. Those nights when he would be the one to read bedtime stories in place of his mother if she was overworked (since she refused to let the servants handle everything themselves).. Walking to the lake past the meadow, hand in hand.. Just enjoying each other's company on Sunday mornings when Lillian went to attend service with Yoli. \"Bradley..?\" \"Hm?\" This time the boys were helping with meal preparation. If only the 'nanny' didn't have to follow orders from Alphonse, he would have already known a thing or two. His lack of knife skills shone through. \"Er, watch your finger there.\" Goofy carefully adjusted the position of Bradley's hand holding the tomato, which was already a slippery specimen. The kid blushed, \"Thank you Goofy,\" eyes downcast. \"It's alright.\" The man kept his voice low to a whisper so that the other boy washing fruits and vegetables wouldn't hear, \"I still haven't taught Maxie to cut food up—you beat him in something..!\" Instead of swelling up with pride Brad's face only got red as the tomato. So what if he learned a new skill first—he was only two years older! He wondered now in that moment if his old man would bother instructing him on how to run a kitchen properly. Out of nowhere his friend had fallen into him, \"ay!\" In the corner of his eye Bradley saw a stray bell pepper rolling on the patchy grass. \"I'm sorry..!\" The two accidentally butted heads in trying to chase the thing down. \"Ow..\" Maxie covered his mouth in place of another apology, brows raised. A ruddy spot marked the side of the other's crown. The teen wasn't too dizzy; he clutched at it just the same while on the ground. Goofy gasped, \"Are you two alright?\" Bradley got out something like a giggle, getting up to a crooked stand, \"S-sure, 'ow 'bout you, Max..?\" The black pup blushed, mortified, \"I'm, fine.\" Quick as can be he picked up the item and rushed back to his spot, pepper slipping in his grasp again until he got a claw in. .. He couldn't stand those clumsy moments he had, like it would confirm his friend's imaginary suspicions that he was some dummy after all. Being the hip n' cool one didn't always cover up the fact that he was related to the famous klutzy Goof. But when said Goof wrapped an arm around his shoulder, he leaned against his father's side with no hesitance. No one mentioned anything of it afterwards and that was just fine for him. The man got his guitar ready for a song of his choosing. His taste in music was outdated, sure, but that was the novelty of it. Gathered around the fire, the youngest one offered his version of an ambrosia salad with leftover berries, chopped nuts, apples and diced marshmallows (done with a butter knife which proved to be difficult). It was his dad's suggestion to drizzle honey over everything and Bradley's to crumble up a piece of chocolate over that. A delighted hum from Bradley as he tasted it was a seal of approval; Max beamed at his own efforts. Goofy peered up from his strings, clearly excited to share, \"This is a tune that my pappy would use to sing. I don't expect you to sing along but.. ahem,\" final twists of the knob before he began. Paired with a good set of lungs, the slight warble along the lyrics was easily excused as satin-covered fingers flew over taut coils, great as before. Given the lyrics, the tone which the man was going for seemed to clash with what would be taken as sheer nostalgia, \".. Take me home, country roads..\" Bradley had a spoon to his lip as he mulled over the words, brows raised a little. To the place, I belong. \".. The radio reminds me of my home far away..\" Max had his turn to close his eyes; to him it was a lullaby. The man continued on undeterred, quite focused on the song as he looked up to the few stars the yellow light would allow. Never had to take in a breath between the verses.. The teen pursed his lips near the end of the song. \"West Virginia, Mountain Mama,\" Take me home, country roads. Although the two gave their version of applause, Bradley went listless not long after while Mr. Goof kept playing more upbeat country songs with cheery lyrics to match.. Yet he smiled unsettlingly. Max stretched out his arms with a tiny yawn some time after, too beat to come up with any high strung tales this evening. \"Ready for bed Maxie?\" He shook his head listlessly, \"No way, ahm.. It is getting cold though,\" despite the flames, \"I might head into the tent now..\" seeing if Bradley would follow suit. The older kid seemed lost in his own mind and after feeble attempts to get his attention, the boy got up with a \"g'night~\" to which both Goofy and Bradley reciprocated. \"See you in the morning.\" Max was still at the age where a hug and kiss on the cheek from his parent wasn't shame-inducing, although the older Goof was playfully shoved, \"D-aaad..! Not in front of my pals!\" Blushing just a tad; Brad giggled, chin propped on his hand, \"Don't mind me.\" Waving him off. Goofy could only smile, \"Love you.\" Maxie said the same before heading out to the clearing where the tents were. \"…\" Crackles of the fire pit were all that could be heard for a good minute or two. Goofy would ask if Bradley was meaning to sleep anytime soon, but the kid seemed quite alert and yet not even there. Hands curled in on themselves before one held the other in self-comfort. \"One day we can invite him along too.\" The guy blinked, \"Hm?\" As if noticing Goofy for the first time, \".. Oh. Yeah.\" Hands meshed, tense, \"But you did, remember? This time?\" The old man chuckled, \"You're right; so I did.\" Believing that this kid missed his father dearly, Goofy continued, \"Mighty busy he is, huh?\" Keeping uncanny neutrality in his inflection while displaying interest by leaning forward—Bradley was relieved that Goofy was able to pick up on his preferences in distance during a conversation. \"Yes, he is. Since my mom passed away,\" cringing, feeling bad knowing that the Goof had lost his wife even sooner, in a way. \"I'm sorry.\" \"It's alright. Go on.\" \".. Since then, he's been working a lot more and doesn't have time for anything,\" peering down at a forming fist, \"like he's worried about losing what we have, or;\" shaking his head slowly, \"don't we have more than enough already?\" A mere hypothetical; Goofy could only shrug. \"I gotta work; Pete has to work and he's richer than us. Thinkin' it would be the same for Alphonse too even if he's the richest.\" Scratching at the base of his neck, he looked at the young Uppercrust—his brows had dipped during the man's response, \"Does it matter that we—that he's in a 'higher class'?\" Fiddling with a stray twig that had been rejected by the flames and had cooled long enough to not burn his fingers; some ash marked his pale skin. It was an improvement. \"Not at all. Doesn't matter how much money one makes—there are good people who are rich.\" Brad failed to restrain his scoff. \"And there's some people that are pretty lousy, rich or poor. What you have or don't have doesn't matter. It's, who you're with.\" Dulled blue eyes scanned the piece of bark on the log between them, uncomfortable in the moment prompting Uppercrust to scoot away, through no fault of the Goof. \"And how you treat one another.. Something wrong?\" Concern in his voice—a warmth that replaced the callousness of the rich man in Bradley's life. Despite enjoying Goofy's company, the teen simply wasn't used to it on a certain level. He half-expected an abrupt change in personality that would catch him off guard in the whirlwind of it all, \"It's happened before.\" A private thought that couldn't be discernible as it was released as a sigh covered by the side of his hand as if tired. \".. You don't have to talk about it if it makes you uncomfortable. You can turn in.\" Mr. Goof ignored an impulse to be at Bradley's aid; he was passively digging his nails deep into his own arm at a deep itch. The kid looked up at him guardedly, \"Do you think I'm alright if..?\" Sighing, \"I'm really not tired or anything. But you should be getting rest.\" Standing up, \"I'll help with putting out the fire so you can do so sooner, ok?\" Bradley had effectively dropped the subject, finding it better to be productive in the moment than to bring this old man into his seemingly obsessive and perhaps meaningless thoughts. In about ten minutes' time they bade each other a good night, \"Don't let the bedbugs bite.\" A simple, caring wave. Grinning slightly, \"See you tomorrow..\" Back into the tent with his snoozing buddy. A solitary walk was out of the question this time. The next hour or two was spent being curled up, brain numbing to a variety of topics which eventually made him drift off to sea. Bradley imagined holding a gloved hand which rested firmly on his shoulder; it was more than welcomed. Everyone else was fast asleep. A man was out for the count, lying on the floor. A weapon still in a loosening grasp made of pure leather and a golden accent. Mossy eyes dulled to gray, wanting to close forever to forget the sight of what he had done to them. Shallow breathing carried the essence of liquor; bottle only refraction in the clouded moonlight. Small, fragile steps approached him, this lying beast. Legs of the boy decided they were too weak to go on and knees buckled—hands braced the fall, \"Ah..!\" Wincing, just as the man did when his son pressed against him not expecting any reciprocation of any sort. One was exhausted; both were distraught. The young one of six years held on fast, \"Daddy.\" No more weeping could come out of those sockets housing royal blue irises. Survival was marked all along exposed skin emerging from ripped cloth of a set of pajamas. The scars that would form would eventually be a source of anger, if not vengeance in another life. For the moment, \"Daddy, I still – Shock throughout the body of the father in question; color flashed within his irises for a mere second. He wished to push the apparition away but couldn't move a fraction of an inch, \"N—no—Please don't say that!\" Gaze flickered anywhere within the dark room to avoid seeing this boy next to him. A broken sound from his strained throat, \"Why..?!\" A small hand touched his face in such admiration. It was twisted—Twisted! Such as it played out within the father's mind. He shouldn't have deserved any of this. Not his wife—not this child of their entanglement, and not that other—! \" It's ok; you're sad.\" Cuddling up right to his heaving and collapsing chest, \"M-Mama's gone.\" That was the phrase that sent the teetering soul over the edge. An animal's painful cry; the pathetic man choked on sobs. Some life returned to heavy limbs, \"G-Get away from me, boy.\" The consuming spell of alcohol forbade him to rise again; for now this kid was safe. He still trembled from the threat. \" I, I won't. Let me stay.\" In the din of the early morn, a horrid sight; however meekly, this boy smiled. I don't understand! Alphonse curled into himself only being able to allow this intruder to stay in his nest for the rest of the dead hours. Salted eyes forcing him into a fitful sleep with this accursed child who wrapped all around him in want and need, \"Good night, Daddy..\" ","Summary":" \"They're here, Dad.\" A foreboding figure stood alongside the boy and peered through the glass, \""},{"Movie":"Another Cinderella Story","Title":"my cinderella story","Author":"Daydreamer221","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7421726","Passage":"[Chapter 1] My Cinderella Story Disclaimer- I do not own Another Cinderella story or the characters in it- I woke up the sound of my so called''stepmom''calling me, ever since my mom died 10 years ago I've been living here with Dominique and her most annoying daughters, mostly doing all there chores for them,\" you should be graceful for everything I'm giving you\" says Dominique all the time. \"What's wrong\" \"I'm partying late with some friends tonight .I expect to every chore done and the house clean when I come back home\". More like you'll be coming home drunk and pass out on the front yard. I wonder who would want to party with a freak like her. \"fine\" I said as I made my way to the kitchen to make the brats breakfast, after I was done I got dressed for school. hopped on my skate board and made my way to school. \"hey girl\". said Tami, my best friend since ever . she's been there for all this time \"good morning Tami\" I said. just as I felt to strong arms hug me from behind\" good morning beautiful\" said Joey as I turned around \" good morning to you too\". I said smiling as he leaned down and caught my lips with his. the most amazing feeling came over me, I waved my hand through his hair unwilling to pull back but I had to unless we both enjoy detention\" we're going to be late, lets go\" I Said untangling myself from his arms but that only made him hold me tighter\" sure but right after this\" he leaned down and brushed our lips together .as we pulled back, I felt my face heat up when I noticed that Tami and Dustin had the biggest smile on there faces\" lets go\" said Tami \"unless you two would rather make out instead of going to class\" she said teasing\" shut up,lets go\"im sure my face was red as a tomatoe,we each made our way into classes,I got in class and sat in my chair Dropped my bag to the side This is going to be a long day AN:hello there. this is my very first fanfiction I really hope you guys like it,and please review[Chapter 2] My Cinderella Story Disclaimer- I do not own Another Cinderella story or the characters in it- I snapped out of the daydream I was in when my history teacher called my name out to get my attention, god I felt so embarrassed , I grew up liking history , but as time passed , my interest in history grew weak and my love for dancing grew stronger , I could dance forever , the only problem was that Dominique was always on my back , keeping me busy , which reminds me , she told me this morning to come home early and start making dinner for her VERY IMPORTANT guests tonight , I wonder who they are? Finally the bell rang saying that classes for the day were over , I had exactly 1 hour to get home and start making food for tonight . as I walked over to my locker , I found Joey leaning against it , with that smile on his face that takes my breath away every time , I smiled automatically as he held out his arms for a hug , when I reached him , he held me there in his arms strongly , as if he was savoring the moment , I could stay in his arms for days , I was so head over heals for him , but he doesn't know that , yet ,actually I don't know when I'll tell him , I just don't think I'm ready , I mean what if I tell him and he doesn't feel the same way I feel , I'll feel so stupid and probably lose him forever. \"hey\" he said as he started to pull out of the hug. \"hi\" I said with a smile. \"are you doing anything tonight , I was thinking that we can maybe go catch a movie and dinner afterwards, what do you think?\" \"Joey I would love to , but I cant ,domifreak is having guests over tonight, and if im not there ,god only knows how long she'd ground me for\" \"I understand\" he said kind of disappointed. \"but I promise to make it up for you Saturday\" I offered with a smile. \"you actually thought I was gonna let you go without anything in return?'' he said ,chuckling. I laughed with him \"no , I know you too well\" Then he said\" cant argue about that now , can we?\" \"nope\" \"alright let me give you a ride home\" \"okay , lets go\" We laughed through out the whole ride , him making lame jokes , me laughing at how silly he was being , at last we made it to my house , he pulled over and said\" can I have a kiss before I leave?\" he was just too cute. \"of course , anything for you\" I laughed Then he leaned in and caught my lips in a breath taking kiss , and that was it , it felt like heaven , my head was spinning with else but his name , but then he slowly came to a stop , realizing we were kind of making out in his car in front of people walking by. I felt my face heating up as he laughed , I gave him one last peck on the cheek. \"see you later\" \"okay\" he said still laughing. I got out of his car and started heading to his house , preparing myself for the load of work I have for the day , not to mention the two tests I had for tomorrow, math and chemistry Crap AN: hello my loved ones ,lol,I hope you like this chapter ,and im so sorry I took like forever to update Do you see that button that says review , that little button can save lives , including mine sooo REVIEW and if you have any ideas for this story or any of my other fan fictions , just private message me ![Chapter 3] Disclaimer- I do not own Another Cinderella story or the characters in it- A/n: sooo sorry i took long to update ;-( I was running out of ideas for this chapter. Again im so sorry. M.P.O.V I took a quick glance at the clock and realized it was already 4:30 pm. Which means guests will be arriving im two hours. I quickly changed into a fitting t-shirt and some sweatpants. It was now 5:45 pm. And i managed to finish all the cooking. Domofreak finally got some servers to serve the food after my little accident when joey and his family Came over last time. Which gives me time to study without having to run from here to here. I got to my room and got started on my homework. A little more than thirty minutes later the \"VIP\" guests Arrived. I wanted to see who they were. But then again i cant risk getting caught. I feel like im in mission impossible. I laughed at the though. A minute later i got a text. Tami:\" whatcha doin?\" Me:\"its what are you doing. Is dustin that contagious ? Lol. Nothing. Just finished my homework :p\" Tami:\"lmao. I think he is! Did you study for math and chem?\" Me:\"I didn't study for them ;( i don't think ill study for the math one. Its pretty easy and simple. But I'm about to start on the chem.\" Tami:\"ill let you get to it then. TTYL\" Me:\" see you later\" After i was done. I got up to see if everything in the kitchen was going well. But then i realized no one was on the table. And i heard sounds coming from the freaks bedroom. This is too disgusting. I returned to my room. It was almost ten o'clock when the\"guest\" left. I creeped out of my window to see who it was. Which i now realized it was someone famous I've seen on music channels. But i just couldn't remember who. I thought of texting joey. But then i thought he might be busy or made other planes. So i grabbed my music player and put my earphones in. Playing the music load enough that i couldn't hear anything around me. Falling asleep. I woke up around 3 in the morning realizing my ears were hurting because of the earphones and the music still playing. After that i couldn't sleep at all. This was going to be a long day.[Chapter 4] Hey guys! I've been wondering if you guys still want some more updates,especially since no one posts anymore or is interested in this movie,but if a good number of you still wants updates i will get back to posting more :) I'd also like to apologize for not posting anything for a while, these past 2-3 years have been really mentally exhausting for me, and its finally back to normal! Please don't forget to leave a review telling me your opinion :) and feel free to send me a private message (or leave a review) if you would like to make any suggestions, or if you want anything specific to happen in the story- it'll definitely give me some ideas ;) ","Summary":" My Cinderella Story Disclaimer- I do not own Another Cinderella story or the characters in it- I wo"},{"Movie":"Oz the Great and Powerful","Title":"Annie In OZ","Author":"jyvonne13","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11603302","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I actually wrote an Oz the Great and Powerful story. Does anyone even care about Oz the Great and Powerful anymore? This movie came out like 3 years ago. Well I still enjoy it and I still totally ship Oz and Glinda. I watched the movie recently and as we all know Oz has a thing with Annie before coming to OZ so I figured why not explore that a bit. Hope you like it. Remember to leave a review' Chapter 1: Back to Kansas The land of OZ was sparkling under the light of the sun one beautiful afternoon. The Emerald City was busy, the birds and butterflies flew through the sky, and the wicked witches were defeated...for now. Oscar had defeated the witches over a month ago. Ever since he'd been living in OZ as their wizard and king. He loved life here. OZ was absolutely beautiful and he lived in an amazing palace with all the riches he ever could have desired with people waiting on him hand and foot. Those things would have been most important to him a month ago. If someone would have asked him why he would want to be king he would have said for the vault of endless gold in the basement of the Emerald City palace. He was a changed man now. What was most important to him now was helping people. He'd found what he was truly in this life to do and that was much more satisfying than all of the riches in the world. He was the king of OZ and more importantly he had the love of his life Glinda. He could never ask for anything more than this beautiful woman by his side. This particular afternoon the two of them were walking down the yellow brick road together hand in hand. \"Do you ever miss Kansas?\" she asked curiously. He shrugged. He hadn't really thought much about it to be honest. \"I had a few close friends there, but they all probably think I'm dead. I don't know, I feel like I have a better life here.\" \"It's destiny that you're here.\" \"I think so too,\" he said looking down at her. She was his destiny. \"I still want to see it though.\" \"Really?\" \"Yeah,\" she said excitedly. \"You know the ins and outs of my world. But I've never seen where you come from.\" \"Can you take us there?\" \"I can try. I've never tried to leave OZ before.\" He'd come to OZ unintentionally through a tornado and he still had no idea how it happened. \"Will we have to conjure up a tornado and ride it there?\" She laughed. \"No silly.\" She held up her wand and concentrated. A moment later they disappeared and seemed to be floating through oblivion until they ended up exactly where Oz had been when his hot air balloon had been in the tornado. The only difference now was the carnival was gone. Before he could say anything else he saw Glinda collapse next to him and he quickly reached out and caught her. \"Glinda, are you okay?\" he asked worriedly. She nodded although she felt very weak and dizzy. \"I'm fine.\" She tried to stand but ended up leaning into him. \"What's wrong?\" He was starting to panic now. He never should have suggested she bring them here. \"I didn't realize how difficult it would be to get here.\" \"Come sit down.\" He led her over to a bench on the side of the road and they sat there for a few minutes. \"Are you sure you're okay?\" She nodded. \"Don't worry. I'm fine.\" She looked around at the empty land surprised. It was much less exciting and colorful than she thought it would be. \"This is Kansas.\" \"Yeah. The carnival I was in used to be right here,\" he said. \"Can you stand?\" She nodded. \"Yeah,\" she said standing up. \"Good. I'll take you into town.\" They went into the city. As they walked Kansas, and just his world in general, seemed ridiculously plain compared to OZ. He'd been in Oz for a month and a half and he wondered how he ever dealt with living here. Glinda however was fascinated. She looked back and forth at the buildings and shops and people in carriages going up and down the road. It was different than OZ. More subtle but quaint. \"Oz?! Is that you?\" He saw his former magic assistant Frank who was standing in front of a coffee shop. \"Yeah, it's me,\" Oz said. He came towards him and the two gave each other a hug. \"Where have you been? I thought you were dead!\" Frank exclaimed. \"Let's go inside and talk,\" Oz said gesturing to the coffee shop they were in front of. He doubted James would believe him about OZ, who would anyway? People once refused to believe the earth revolved around the sun, how would anyone believe him about the magical land of Oz? They went inside, sat at a table, and ordered coffee. \"This is Glinda,\" Oz said afterwards. \"Frank,\" Frank said shaking her hand. \"Nice to meet you,\" Glinda said. \"You're one of Oz's friends?\" \"Yeah...well we worked together,\" Franks said not making eye contact with Oscar as he remembered what had passed between them before he had disappeared. They weren't friends, Oscar didn't need friends. \"Are you um, Oz's girlfriend?\" \"Yes,\" she replied. The waitress brought them their coffee. \"So where have you been?\" Frank asked Oscar. \"How did you get out of the tornado?\" \"Well, don't think I'm insane for this because it's all true,\" Oz said. He wondered how he was supposed to tell this story but then he just decided to go for it. \"After the tornado I landed in this place called OZ.\" James raised his eyebrows. \"Hold on, let me finish. I met this girl who told me that I was a wizard and I was going to be the king of OZ and all I had to do was kill the evil witch. Turns out she and her sister were the evil witches and Glinda here is the good witch. All of the people thought I was a wizard so I stopped the witches from killing everyone. Now I'm the king and I've been living in luxury in the palace in the Emerald City.\" James blinked for a moment. \"I think you hit your head on something.\" Oscar sighed. \"I knew you wouldn't believe me.\" \"You're telling me there's this magical world named after you and you're just automatically a rich wizard?\" \"Yes.\" \"Oz…\" \"It is true,\" Glinda said. \"And you're the good witch?\" \"Yes.\" \"Prove it.\" She took out her wand and picked up the waiter across the room and made him float over behind the bar. James stared at them in disbelief. \"Oh my god...\" \"So what have you been doing?\" Oz asked casually as if he didn't just tell James a story about a magical world and Glinda didn't just do magic with a magic wand. James collected his thoughts. \"I…I've been working at the bar down the street. It pays pretty well.\" \"Has Annie gotten married yet?\" \"She broke off the engagement.\" Oz was surprised to hear that. \"Why?\" \"She wanted to go back to you and after the tornado she hoped you would somehow come back for a while. Seems like you're already in a pretty committed relationship right now though.\" Frank looked at his watch. \"Hey, I'd hate to leave you alone but I have to be to work soon. Are you going to go back?\" \"Yeah, we'll be going back at the end of the day,\" Oz said. \"Oh. Are you staying there for good? I mean, you'll come back and visit, right?\" Oz looked at Glinda since she had gotten them there. \"I'll try to bring us here,\" she said. \"It's very hard to travel between our worlds. I don't think I can do it very often.\" \"Well, I'll most likely be around if you ever decide to come back and visit.\" \"Alright. See you whenever I see you again Frank,\" Oz said. Then he realized something. \"Hey Frank!\" he called to him before he could leave. \"About everything I said to you before the tornado...I'm sorry. You're one of the best friends I've ever had.\" Frank was surprised to hear him say that. He'd never heard Oscar apologize for anything a day in his life. But something had changed about Oscar since the last time he'd seen him. He definitely wasn't the same person. \"It's okay,\" Frank said with a smile. \"You're my best friend too.\" With that, Frank had to leave. \"Frank seems like a very nice guy,\" Glinda said. \"Yeah, he is. I treated him like shit when we worked on the magic show together. I just hope he can forgive me,\" Oscar said. Glinda hugged him. \"I'm sure he can forgive you. You're a wonderful man.\" They walked some more and saw some more things. Glinda asked him questions about where he lived and his family and friends. They arrived at a candy shop and Oscar bought her whatever she wanted. \"This is delicious!\" she exclaimed. He laughed. \"I still think OZ candy is better.\" She giggled. Then she remembered something. \"Who is Annie?\" \"Hmm?\" he said surprised she'd ask. \"You were talking about her with Frank. Who is she? Did you love her?\" \"I did love her,\" Oscar said hesitantly. \"She didn't love me though. She left me to marry another man.\" \"I'm sorry to hear that,\" Glinda said. He wrapped his arms around her. \"Don't be sorry. She looked like you, but she wasn't you. I love you more than I ever loved Annie.\" With that Glinda gave him a very passionate kiss. Afterwards Glinda wanted to order something to eat to see if their food was the same as in her world. Then they left the shop and as they walked down the street they passed a stand where a man was selling pearl necklaces. \"Would you like to buy one ma'am?\" he asked her. She looked over them. \"They are very beautiful. How much?\" \"$30,\" he replied. Dollars? \"I don't have dollars,\" she said. She pulled out her gold. \"But I do have this.\" The man looked stunned at all of the gold she had. \"Is this real gold ma'am?\" \"The finest in the land.\" \"Well, just give me 30 of these.\" She handed over the money not realizing that she was seriously over paying. \"Thank you,\" she said putting on the necklace. While she was buying her necklace Oz heard someone call his name. He looked over and saw Annie. He went towards her and before he could say anything she hugged him. \"Oscar!\" she exclaimed. \"You're okay! I was so worried about you after the tornado…Frank said you were dead but I didn't believe it…\" He put his hands on her shoulders. \"Don't worry about me Annie. I'm fine.\" \"But where have you been?\" she asked. \"Don't worry about it,\" he said not wanting to have to try and convince her that OZ was real. \"I heard you broke off the engagement.\" \"I did,\" she said nodding. \"I thought I loved him but I realized I love you more. I was wrong for what I did to you. If you can ever forgive me.\" \"I do. Don't worry.\" \"Good,\" she said with a sigh of relief. \"I'm so glad you're here. Now we can be together again. Just like the way things used to be…\" Before she could finish Glinda came over. \"Look at the necklace I bought darling,\" she said. \"It looks beautiful on you,\" he said putting his arm around her waist. Annie was surprised. \"Darling…?\" \"Annie, this is Glinda. Glinda, Annie,\" Oz said introducing them. Glinda was a bit surprised as well. She didn't realize that this was Annie. Now that she looked closer they did kind of look alike, same blonde hair and same figure. She shook her hand nicely anyway. \"Nice to meet you Annie.\" \"You too Glinda,\" Annie said still slightly dazed by the fact that Oz was in a relationship. \"How long have you two been together?\" \"About a month and a half now,\" Glinda replied. \"I thought you would still love me Oscar,\" Annie said. Her sadness was obvious. \"I'm sorry Annie,\" Oz said. \"You should go call up that guy and tell him you love him. You deserve a good man in your life.\" \"Yeah…well, I guess I'll see you around.\" \"Maybe you'll see me again someday,\" he said not making any promises that he would come back. \"Bye.\" \"Annie seems like a nice girl,\" Glinda said as they continued down the road. \"I thought so too until she left me,\" Oz said. \"Well she did seem to regret it a lot.\" She put her hand in his. \"But things happen for a reason right?\" He kissed her. \"You're right dear.\" The sun was starting to set. \"We should probably head home before it gets dark,\" Oscar said. Glinda waved her wand again and they arrived on the yellow brick road where they had been walking that morning. Once again Glinda had used a lot of magic to get them back and she felt weak again. Oscar picked her up and started to carry her back to the Emerald City palace. \"I need to lay you down and take care of you Glinda.\" \"Can you make me ice cream?\" she said tiredly. He laughed. \"I'll get you all the ice cream you want.\"[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: In OZ Six months later... Annie was back in Kansas at the house that she now shared with John Gale. She sat on the front porch one morning in a chair looking out at the cloudy sky. She had been married to John for nearly 6 months now. They had a beautiful wedding and she had gotten to know his family very well, they adored her. And she loved him...right? And yet she couldn't stop thinking about Oscar. She was a teenager when she met Oscar, 17 years old to be exact. They met at a party, and had their first dance. An hour later she'd caught him making out with another girl in the corner. She then decided he wasn't worth it. They met again the next day and he apologized. They had an off and on relationship for the next five years. She loved Oscar and wanted to be with him always. But Oscar was too unpredictable. All his traveling and various jobs that hardly paid enough to keep food on the table, the lying and cheating, all the women he dated. Then she met John Gale. He was a good man. He'd graduated from university, went to church, was charitable, a family man. Her parents and her sister Emily pushed her to date John and she ended up seeing him behind Oscars back (not that Oscar hadn't seen plenty of other women behind her back). She decided that John was a more wholesome man than Oscar ever would be and said yes when he asked her to marry him. But she never stopped thinking about Oscar. She pulled a photo of Oscar out of her dress pocket. There would always be a void that John could never fill. Oscar would have her heart forever. The front door opened and John came outside. \"Are you alright darling?\" Annie quickly hid the photo back in her pocket. \"I'm fine honey.\" He held her hands. \"I'm going to visit my family later today. Would you like to come?\" \"Of course,\" she said. \"But um, I'd like to go for a walk for a little while. Just to clear my head.\" \"Are you feeling okay?\" he asked concerned. \"Of course. I'll be back soon.\" She gave him a kiss and then proceeded to walk out of the neighborhood. She knew she had to forget about Oscar. John was an incredibly man and he cared about her deeply. And Oscar had moved on anyway. But deep in her heart she knew it had been a mistake to let Oscar go. She ended up in town and was walking past a restaurant. A few steps later she wasn't in town. She was floating through a portal and a few seconds later she wasn't in Kansas anymore. A giant butterfly flew past her, the wind blew through trees that smelled of flowers and fruits, the sun was brighter, the world was more colorful, and she was standing on a road made of yellow bricks. She looked around confused and panicked. Where was she?! She turned around and at the end of the road in the distance was a huge city that radiated emerald green and there was a beautiful emerald palace in the center of it. She wondered if she went towards it she could find someone to help her. All of a sudden a giant bird flew past her and startled her. It was blue and orange and unlike anything she'd ever seen before. With that she decided it would be best to go towards the city. *WW* Oscar walked through the Emerald City with Finley flying by his side. Half his time was spent in the castle where people came to see the wizard in his \"true form\" and as for wishes. But he liked to leave the castle and walk among the people on nice sunny days like this. People greeted him warmly as he walked through the city. All of the people in OZ respected him deeply as their wizard. \"It's a beautiful day Finley and not a witch in sight,\" Oscar said proudly. \"They won't be back.\" \"They promised they would come back,\" Finley pointed out. Oscar laughed. \"After that performance we won't be seeing their faces around here any time soon. And if they do come back, we'll scare them away again or blow them into dust.\" \"What would Glinda say if she heard you saying things like that?\" Finley said with a chuckle. Glinda was highly against killing of any kind let alone blowing someone to dust. Oscar shrugged. \"What Glinda doesn't know won't hurt her,\" he said with a wink. They past by a jewelry store that had just opened. Oscar looked at the things in the window. \"What if I bought one of these for Glinda?\" \"She'd love them!\" Finley said mesmerized by the sparkling diamonds. \"Then it's settled.\" They went inside and Oscar started looking around. \"Your highness!\" The store owner said bowing to him. \"How can I help you?\" \"I want the finest diamonds you have for Glinda.\" \"Only the best for the good witch,\" the store owner said leading Oscar to his most priceless diamonds. \"I think any one of these are fit for a lady like Miss Glinda.\" Oscar looked through the jewelry on the table and settled on a beautiful sparkling diamond necklace. \"I'll buy this one.\" \"Excellent choice,\" the store owner said leading Oscar over to the checkout counter. The wrapped the necklace up and Oscar paid for it then he and Finley were on their way. \"When are you going to give it to her?\" Finley asked. \"Give what to who?\" China Girl said catching up to them. \"China Girl you cannot tell anyone about this,\" Oscar said seriously. \"I promise!\" She said innocently. \"I bought this for Glinda,\" Oscar said showing her the necklace. \"Ooh pretty!\" \"I'm going to give it to her tonight.\" \"I think she'll love it!\" China Girl grabbed Finleys arm. \"Come play a game with me Finley.\" Oscar couldn't help but laugh as Finley was dragged away. He put the necklace back in his jacket pocket and kept walking. Meanwhile Annie had entered the city. People were going about their business getting off from work, picking children up from school, buying things, eating at places. It was a very busy and beautiful city with some of the most incredible architecture she'd ever seen in her life. She stopped someone in the street. \"Excuse me, can you tell me where I am?\" The person looked confused. Everyone in OZ knew about the Emerald City. \"You're on the Emerald City,\" he said continuing on to pick his wife up from work. She was still confused. She ran into someone else. \"Pardon me, how do I get out of here?\" \"Just go through those gates there,\" the woman said pointing to where Annie had just come from. This wasn't helping. She didn't know what to do. John had to have been worried by now. She had to get home. All of a sudden Oscar saw her in front of him. She looked confused and scared. He was also confused. How did she get to OZ? \"Annie,\" he said going towards her. \"Oscar!\" She exclaimed relieved to have found someone she knew. \"What are you doing here?\" \"I had just gone for a walk and all of a sudden I ended up here...where are we?\" \"This is OZ,\" he replied. \"OZ?\" She said confused. He realized this would take a lot more explanation. \"Come walk with me and I'll tell you everything.\" They walked together and he told her everything from the beginning starting with the tornado to the defeat of the wicked witches. Afterwards Annie was in shock and Oscar expected that reaction. \"I know it's a lot to take in,\" he said. \"I never would have guessed...\" She said in disbelief. \"How did I get here then? There was no tornado and I didn't have any magic to get me here.\" \"Maybe Glinda would know,\" Oscar replied. \"Come back to my palace with me and we'll find out if she knows.\"[Chapter 3] Chapter 3: Explanation They soon arrived at the massive Emerald City palace. Annie was shocked by the size and beauty just on the outside. They got inside and she was even more surprised. \"This is where you live?\" \"Yeah, home to me and Glinda now and forever,\" Oscar said as he led her inside. \"This is really incredible Oz,\" Annie said. She looked up at him. \"I guess you really are living your dreams.\" \"I've always wanted to do great things. I never thought it would be in this way though.\" \"I always knew you would,\" Annie said. She had such a strong urge to hug him and kiss him. Before she could do anything he spoke. \"Glinda has been out all day. I think she'll be back later. Until then would you like a tour?\" \"Of course!\" Annie said. He showed her all of the palace from the many massive rooms, the throne room, the dining room, the ballroom. Eventually then ended up on the balcony overlooking the city. \"I never asked you how things were back in Kansas. Have you seen Frank?\" \"I have. He's doing well. He met someone recently.\" \"Really?\" Oscar said amused. \"Oh yeah, she's a lovely lady,\" Annie said with a laugh. \"I think you'd approve of her.\" \"Did you have your wedding yet?\" \"Yes, I did.\" She looked down. \"It went well.\" He grew concerned. \"You don't sound like it.\" \"It's nothing. The wedding went nicely and John is a good man. I just...feel like something is missing.\" \"And what would that be?\" He asked curiously. Before she could say it was him they noticed Glinda coming towards the castle down below. \"There's Glinda,\" Oscar said. \"Let's go downstairs so we can find out what's going on.\" She followed him downstairs. Glinda was just coming through the front doors. A smile lit her face when she saw Oscar. \"Oz!\" She ran over and leaped into his arms. \"I've missed you so much!\" He gave her a big hug. \"I've missed you too.\" He proceeded to kiss her over and over again then hold her in his embrace. She was startled to see Annie behind him. \"Annie, what a surprise.\" \"Hello,\" Annie said waving at her trying not to show how much her heart was hurting seeing Oscar so affectionate with her. \"How did you...?\" \"That's what we were going to ask you,\" Oscar said. \"Well how about we all sit down and you can tell me what happened?\" Glinda said. Annie told her how she'd gone for a walk at home and ended up here. \"Where were you when you ended up here?\" Glinda asked. \"I was in front of the cafe,\" Annie replied. \"That's where you and I left,\" Glinda said to Oscar. She thought for a moment. \"It's possible that I didn't close the portal completely when we left. And Annie just happened to be in the right spot to go into it.\" \"Is there a way to send her back?\" Oscar asked. \"I can certainly send her back.\" She pulled out her wand. Annie didn't want to go back just yet though. She knew if she went back it was possible that she would never see Oscar again. She wanted to spend more time with him and maybe confess all of her feelings to him. It was a malicious thought but maybe he'd be convinced to love her again. \"Wait,\" she said. \"What's wrong?\" Glinda asked as she raised her wand. \"I was just wondering if I could stay a few more days,\" Annie said. \"This is such an incredible world, I've never seen anything like it. I'd love to see more of it before I go back home.\" \"I don't see why not,\" Oscar said. \"I'll show you whatever you want to see.\" \"That would be wonderful!\" Annie said excitedly taking his hand. \"Thank you Oz!\"[Chapter 4] Chapter 4: One and Only For the rest of the evening they had dinner at the castle prepared by their incredible chefs and Annie was shown around the Emerald City. Afterwards, Oscar sent Finley and China Girl to keep Annie occupied while he went off with Glinda to give her the gift he got her. The two of them walked hand in hand out to the beautiful gardens of the castle. Oscar found it odd suddenly having Annie here. He had all but put Annie out of his mind since he'd started his new life here and now that she was around again he didn't know how to feel. He had certainly loved Annie. She had been the kind and gentle calmness that balanced out his unpredictable bad behavior. Maybe he would still be with Annie if he hadn't screwed up so much. If it weren't for all of the lying and deceiving he did for a living and the indecisiveness about whether or not he wanted to be with Annie and the casual flings behind her back she wouldn't have left him. It was his fault and he knew it. He had been young and flirtatious when he and Annie first met. He was handsome and charming and he knew it and he had any woman he wanted and didn't care. Then she came around. She had been the only one to come close to taming him. She was different. And while she had been the only girl he ever truly loved at that point, he couldn't shake his old ways. Eventually she grew on him for real and she was the only woman he wanted. But by then it was too late. He knew John Gale. The two of them had met many times. John was everything that Oscar wasn't and didn't want to be. Family oriented, tied down, had a 9 to 5 job, predictable, and gentlemanly. He was the type of man that any woman with a stable future wanted and deserved. Maybe that was why Annie chose John, he was everything that she wanted in Oscar that he couldn't be. \"It's a lovely night,\" Glinda said suddenly breaking Oscar out of her thoughts. \"Not as lovely as you are Glinda,\" he said. She looked up at him lovingly. \"You're so sweet,\" she said before kissing him. Oscar was a changed man now. Being in OZ has done that to him, defeating the evil witches and liberating a group of people had done it, and Glinda had done it. She was the only woman who could ever tame Oscar completely. She did what Annie couldn't do. She trusted him, she believed in him, and she captured his heart like no other. Because of that she was the only woman his heart belonged to and ver would belong to. He put his forehead to hers and looks into her sparkling blue eyes. \"I got something for you today.\" \"Ooh what is it?\" She said excitedly. He laughed at her bubbliness. \"Close your eyes.\" She closed her eyes with a wide smile on her face. \"No peeking.\" \"I promise.\" He took out the necklace and put it on her. \"Open your eyes.\" She looked down at it and gasped. \"Oz it's beautiful!\" She wrapped her arms around him and started kissing him. \"Thank you so much sweet heart!\" He chuckled. \"I knew you'd like it.\" He hugged her and kissed her some more. \"I love you Glinda, you'll always be the woman of my heart.\" \"I love you to the edge of the universe and back Oz.\"[Chapter 5] Chapter 5: Spending Time Together The next day Annie was excited to see this mysterious land of OZ, but she was more excited to spend the day with Oscar. She had been staying in a huge luxurious room in the castle and was given beautiful dresses to wear. As she looked around her room and just the castle itself, she never would have imagined that this was the life Oscar was living after he disappeared that fateful day. She left the room for breakfast that was served downstairs. As she got her delicious breakfast she heard voices in the next room. She went over to the door so she could hear better. \"Do you really have to go?\" Oscar was saying to Glinda. \"I'll be back later tonight,\" she said. \"But I'll miss you.\" She giggled. \"I'll miss you too. But have fun today.\" \"I'll tell you all about it when you get back,\" he said. Annie slowly entered the room and nearly dropped her plate when she saw the two of them kissing. Just as they pulled away they saw her in the room. \"Hey Annie,\" Oscar said. \"Enjoying the breakfast?\" \"It's delicious, thank you,\" Annie said acting like what she saw didn't bother her. She saw the sparkling diamonds around Glinda's neck, that wasn't there yesterday. \"Oz will be showing you around our world today,\" Glinda said. \"I would come but I will be in the southern realm taking care of some philanthropy stuff.\" \"Have fun,\" Annie said politely even though she was excited about being alone with Oscar. \"You have fun too,\" Glinda said. She turned to Oscar and gave him one last passionate kiss. \"See you later sweet heart.\" \"Bye Glinda,\" Oscar said watching her as she left. Once she was gone he turned to Annie. \"Well we should head out now. There's lots to see. I doubt we'll get to all of it by the end of the day.\" \"I'm really excited,\" Annie said following him to the front door. \"Is it a lot different than Kansas?\" Oscar smirked knowingly. \"You have no idea.\" OZ certainly was much different than where they came from. On their journey down the yellow brick road they saw lots of plants and animals not found back home. They went to different cities and villages. They lots of different people who all seemed to be very happy and peaceful. All of it was some of the most beautiful sights Annie had ever seen in her life. As they were exiting a town where a parade was going on Annie noticed dark clouds in the distance. \"What's that over there?\" \"That's where Evanora and Theodora live,\" Oscar said. \"It's best to avoid that if you don't want to get killed or ripped limb from limb by flying monkeys.\" \"Flying monkeys?\" Annie said. She knew she shouldn't have been shocked, anything was possible here. \"Will Evanora and Theodora ever come back to the Emerald City?\" \"Probably, they've come back before. But they're no match for the Wizard of OZ,\" Oscar said proudly. Annie giggled. \"How do you ever defeat them? You don't have magical powers.\" Oscar smirked. \"I'll show you before you leave.\" That mischievous smirk that Annie knew all too well she knew this would be good. All of a sudden she tripped on a loose brick. She reached out and Oscar quickly caught her before she could fall. \"Are you okay?\" He asked picked her back up on her feet. \"Yes...\" She looked into his eyes and she looked into hers. They hadn't been this close in a long time. They hadn't felt each other's touch like this or each other's heartbeats since before the tornado. They could both feel the sparks between them. Annie held him tighter and cautiously leaned forward. The sparks got stronger. All of a sudden Oscar backed up and let go of her to her disappointment. He cleared his throat and looked down at the ground where she had tripped. \"I'm glad you're okay. Sometimes this bricks can get a little uneven. I'll have to have someone fix it soon.\" Annie looked down as well hiding the blush on her face. She couldn't have imagined the whole thing. There had definitely been something there just like old times. \"Let's go this way,\" Oscar said. He walked with his hands in his pockets and a reasonable distance away from her as he thought about what had happened. It felt like holding her the way he used to. He remembered feeling warm and complete with her. But those feelings couldn't come back. That had been a long time ago, things had passed between them that couldn't be taken back, he was in love with Glinda. Right?[Chapter 6] Chapter 6: Not the Jealous Type Glinda had spent the day in the southern realm of OZ. It was given to her by her father many years ago to rule over and to this day she took it very seriously and always came to help when people were in need, such as today when she was helping to open an orphanage. She didn't consider herself the jealous type, not by a long shot. But she'd be lying if she said she wasn't the least bit bothered by Oscar and Annie being alone for the day without her. Of course she didn't know Annie. She liked to think that Annie wasn't the type of girl to take her Oz away from her. From what Glinda knew of her she seemed like a nice girl. And from what Oscar told her, Annie had left him to get married to another man. She had nothing to worry about. When Oscar had first come to OZ he had been such a womanizer. The worst of it was maybe Theodora. Even after Glinda and Oscar had gotten together he wouldn't give up his old ways. It took her threatening to leave him for him to finally stop. Many things about Oscar had changed since he'd first come to OZ. He was no longer a con man. Nor was he full of greed. Glinda had seen the goodness in him from the start and that goodness was confirmed when he'd saved the people of OZ. Not only that but he'd shown her loyalty and love. After he put away those womanizing ways for good, he only had eyes for her. She ran her fingers along the diamonds around her neck and smiled. For all of his faults, Oscar was a good man. She loved him with all of her heart and soul and she knew he loved her. But she couldn't help but be bothered by Annie. She questioned why Annie really wanted to stay here and for how long she was planning to. However, one thing she couldn't shake was that moment she had first met Oscar. The way he looked at her was one of familiarity and joy yet confusion. He had thought she was Annie. And in that split moment she had seen before she even knew what it was that he had loved Annie. *WW* Later that evening Glinda arrived at the Emerald City castle. \"Oscar!\" She called. \"I'm home.\" All of a sudden China Girl ran over to her. \"He's not here.\" Glinda was surprised. \"Where is he?\" \"Still out with Annie.\" \"I see,\" Glinda said with a frown. \"I think Annie likes him,\" China Girl said. \"Don't be silly China...\" Glinda said waving it off even though she wondered if China Girl could be right. \"But it's true,\" China Girl said. \"I think she wants to take him back with her.\" \"He would never go.\" China Girl shrugged. \"Maybe not but I think she wants to make him. But you know what? I think you and Oz are a better couple than he would ever be with Annie.\" Glinda couldn't help but smile. \"That's very sweet of you China.\" She went off to one of the many cozy rooms in the castle and sat on the couch feeling worried now. Could China Girl be right? Could Annie really want him to go with her? But more importantly, would Oscar ever go? She didn't know what she would do without him by her side. All of a sudden she heard voices outside of the room. Oscar and Annie were back now. Before she could get up, Oscar was in the room. \"There you are,\" he said. He went over and sat next to her and kissed her. \"How are you honey?\" \"I'm fine,\" she said even though she didn't feel very fine. \"How was your day?\" \"It was pretty fun,\" Oscar said. \"Annie and I went all the way to the edge of Winkie Country. There was parade going on on Ambrose town.\" \"I passed that as well on the way to the southern castle,\" she said. \"I'm sure OZ is nothing like what Annie has ever seen before.\" Oscar chuckled. \"She was definitely amazed.\" \"I'm glad you had fun,\" Glinda said. \"Did anything...happen?\" She said hesitantly. Oscar was confused. \"What?\" Glinda immediately regretted saying anything. \"Nothing,\" she said quickly and looking down. Then he realized. \"Oh, you mean between me and Annie.\" Glinda still felt guilty. \"Oz, I didn't mean...\" He held her hands. \"You have nothing to worry about Glinda.\" \"Really?\" She said calming down as she saw the sincerity in his eyes. \"I promise,\" he said. He remembered what had passed between him and Annie earlier that day. But he convinced himself it meant nothing. It was just a passing thing. He hadn't been that close to Annie in such a long time, it was just memories getting to him. It wouldn't happen again.[Chapter 7] Chapter 7: True Feelings The next day Annie was excited to spend another day in OZ, especially with Oscar. He was going to show her more of OZ that day and she was happy to have more time alone with him. That's what she thought anyway until she realized that Glinda would come with them that day. Glinda didn't have any other specific plans that day so Oscar invited her to come along with them. He knew something had bothered yesterday about Annie, maybe she instinctively knew that he had gotten close to her, Glinda was very intuitive after all. Either way he wanted to show her that nothing was amiss, and even still he loved having her by his side. Annie however was disappointed. She didn't have to opportunity to walk close to him, hold his hand, or \"accidentally\" tr into his arms. Instead he held Glinda's hand all the time. They rode in Glinda's bubbles and the two of them floated along in one together. Annie tried not to let on how much all of it bothered her. By that evening they had once again arrived back at the Emerald City castle. \"Oz, you said you'd show me your magic,\" Annie pointed out. \"I'd love to see it.\" \"Oh yeah, that's right,\" Oscar said remembering. \"Follow me to the throne room and I'll show you.\" All of a sudden China Girl came in. \"Hey Glinda, I want to show you what I did to Finley.\" Glinda laughed and followed her. \"I'll catch up with you two in a minute,\" she said to Oscar and Annie. Meanwhile Oscar and Annie went up to the throne room. \"Prepare to be amazed at Oz the Great and Powerful!\" Oscar said dramatically as he went behind the curtain. Annie didn't know what to expect. All of a sudden green smoke shot out of the ground, sparks flew, and then Oscar's face appeared in front of her in a cloud of colored smoke. \"Who dares enter the throne room of the great and powerful Oz?!\" He said. Annie was amazed. \"Oh my god!\" She shouted. Once she composed herself from the shock she began to smile. \"This is incredible!\" \"Told you I was a wizard,\" he said with a smirk. \"How do you do this?\" She looked around for a switch or a projection or something but she couldn't find anything. Oscar just laughed. The inner workings of the wizard of OZ were a secret. He turned off the projection of the wizard and came from behind the curtain. \"All of the secrets of the wizard of OZ are back there.\" \"I don't know what to say,\" Annie said coming over to him. \"I've never seen anything like this before. This beautiful world, the castle, and now the wizard. I would stay here with you if I could.\" \"Wouldn't John miss you?\" He pointed out. Annie sighed. \"It's not John that I want. There's something missing that John can't give me. I...I want you.\" Oscar was surprised to hear her say that. \"I don't understand Annie. Don't you love him?\" \"I do...but I love you more. I realize now that marrying John was a terrible mistake. I should have stayed with you. It's just not the same with him...\" She put her hands on his shoulders not being able to resist touching him anymore. \"I love you Oz.\" \"Annie...I don't know what to say.\" Old feelings came back, feelings for her and old womanizing ways. A part of him wanted to kiss her, but the rest held him back. \"Say that you love me too,\" she whispered as she leaned closer to him. Then she did it. She kissed him. Kissed him as hard as she could. This is what she had wanted for so long. He was the one that she loved, the only man that she ever would love. Oscar didn't know what to do. At first be wanted to act on the impulse to kiss Annie back. But then again he couldn't. He could never love Annie as much as he loved Glinda, that much became clear to him now. Whatever part of his heart that Annie had, he didn't love her. \"Oz...\" He pulled away from Annie and saw Glinda in the doorway of the throne room looking more hurt than he'd ever seen her. In that moment it seemed like the world came crashing down on him. This couldn't be happening! \"Glinda!\" He said. He removed Annie from him but before he could go over to his Glinda and explain everything she was gone. \"Oz, wait...!\" Annie said trying to stop him before he left. Instead he removed her hand from his wrist and ran off to find Glinda.[Chapter 8] Chapter 8: Can Never Love Anyone Else The first place Oscar thought to look for Glinda was their bedroom. Unfortunately she wasn't there but something else was. Her necklace was left on the bedside table. He felt a pain in his heart as he picked it up. He had messed up so badly this time and he knew it. Why did he battle with these feelings for Annie when all along it was Glinda who had always loved him and believed in him and cared about him? He just had to make Glinda see that Annie could never love him the way she did and he could never love her. He ran out of the room to find her. The door to the balcony at the end of the hallway was open. He ran over and found Glinda looking out at the night sky. He walked over to her but she didn't look at him. Where did he begin? \"Glinda...I'm sorry.\" \"You said you didn't love her,\" she said softly through her tears. He put his hand on hers. \"I don't.\" She pulled her hand back. \"Then why did you kiss you? You told me you didn't love her and that I had nothing to worry about. What am I supposed to think now?\" He sighed. \"I know it looks bad. And truthfully...maybe I did still have feelings for Annie.\" She felt like he'd stabbed her in the heart. \"Oz, if you love her...then you can have her.\" \"Glinda...\" She looked at him. \"All I want is for you to be happy. And if she makes you happy...then that's okay.\" Tears rolled down her face as she said it. \"But I don't love her. I love you.\" Oscar held her hand again. \"I shouldn't have kissed Annie. At first I thought I still felt something for her but I don't. You're the one who always believed in me Glinda. You never gave up on me. You've made me a better person every day since the day I met you. Annie hasn't done those things. I could never love her as much as I love you. I promise you that.\" Glinda couldn't help but smile. \"You really mean that Oscar?\" \"I do.\" He kissed very deeply. \"I'll always love you Glinda. I can never love anyone else as much as I love you. You're the most incredible woman I've very known and I'll be damned if I was ever stupid enough to do something to lose you. Hell, I should have lost you a long time ago.\" She ran her finger across his stubbly cheek. \"You'll never lose me Oz.\" She leaned in and gave him another kiss. He pulled the necklace out of his pocket. \"Want this back?\" \"Of course,\" she said with a smile and he put it on her. He looked into her beautiful eyes, the windows to her beautiful soul. He didn't deserve her and he knew it. But he'd do whatever he could to make her happy and keep her by his side forever. *WW* After Oscar had left the throne room, Annie had gone to find him. This castle was such a maze, she didn't think she would ever find him in it. But she had managed to find him on the balcony with Glinda. She didn't intrude, instead she listened and she heard everything. Oscar was right. She hadn't believed in him. She hadn't trusted him. She gave up on him too quickly, and for what? A stable life with a man who didn't fill the void in her heart the way he did. She didn't deserve him. But Glinda had done those things. She'd done all of that for him and more. She was even willing to let him go if that meant making him happy. Annie couldn't say that for herself. She had been willing to take him away from Glinda if it meant she could have him all to herself. Oscar was a good man. The best she'd ever known. Seeing him with Glinda like this, she saw something that her and Oscar never had. He'd never looked at her or kissed her the way he did with Glinda. The two of them had a true love that she knew she would never have with Oscar and she had to accept it. She wanted him to be happy too and if she had to let him go, she would.[Chapter 9] Chapter 9: Goodbye Forever The next morning Oscar had just finished breakfast. All of a sudden Annie came into the room. \" Hi Oz,\" she said hesitantly. She hadn't spoken to him since last night in the throne room and she didn't know what he'd think of her now. \"Hi Annie,\" he said coming over to her. \"I'm really sorry about yesterday,\" she said. \"I don't know what came over me. I shouldn't have done it, it was wrong.\" \"It's okay,\" he said gently. They were silent for a moment. \"Annie, if you still love me, why did you get married to John?\" She sighed. \"I thought he was what I needed. I had misjudged you. I regret that now. I see you for who you are and I see all that you've achieved. But I'm too late. I see how much you love Glinda. It's something that we never had and I can't take that away from you.\" \"Thank you Annie,\" he said. He put his hands on her shoulders. \"Listen, you were my first love. I don't want you to go on thinking I don't care about you. You'll always have a place in my heart.\" He gave her a gentle kiss on her lips. \"You'll always have a place in my heart too, Oz,\" she felt tears sting her eyes. \"I want you to be happy.\" \"I want you to be happy too,\" he said. \"Go back to John and be the best you can be for him. He's very lucky to have you.\" Glinda came into the room. \"Good morning.\" \"I'm sorry Glinda,\" Annie said to her. \"Everything I did was so wrong. I shouldn't have tried to take Oz away from you. But I see now how happy you make each other. I could never take that away from you.\" \"Thank you Annie,\" Glinda said reaching out and giving her a hug. She couldn't hate Annie. It was clear from the moment she met her that she wasn't a vicious person. And for that she could forgive her. Annie sighed. \"Well, I guess this is it. I should go home now. John is probably worried sick.\" \"I won't forget you Annie,\" Oscar said. \"I won't forget you either Oz,\" Annie said sadly. She wouldn't forget anything about him, he'd be in her heart forever. With a wave of Glinda's wand, Annie found herself back in Kansas exactly where she had been standing when she ended up in OZ. She went back home. The house was empty. She wondered where John could be. Wherever he was, he had to come back eventually. Since she was alone in the house, she collapsed onto the couch and cried. She cried for being back home. The land of OZ was the most beautiful place she'd ever seen in her life. Kansas seemed too plain compared to it. And she cried for Oscar. She would never see him again. She desperately wished things had been different. She wished she could go back in time and turn down John's proposal and marry Oscar instead. All of a sudden she heard the door open and she quickly wiped her tears. John came into the room and immediately ran over to her. \"Annie! I've been worried sick! Where have you been?!\" He exclaimed as he hugged her and kissed her. \"I-I'm fine John...\" How would she ever explain OZ to him? Or was the real question would she? But Oscar was happy there with Glinda, so she had to be happy here with John. She would never forget though. ","Summary":" I actually wrote an Oz the Great and Powerful story. Does anyone even care about Oz the Great and P"},{"Movie":"A Goofy Movie","Title":"The Steady Decline Of Max","Author":"SuaveSaucer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12362977","Passage":"[Chapter 1] BEEP. BEEP. BEEP. An alarm goes off at 7:30 AM in the Goofy household. Seconds later a groan echoed thru the halls as a teenaged boy/dog pressed the snooze button. After a few minutes of considering not getting up, he finally works up enough strength to roll out of bed and heads to the bathroom to fresh'n up before school. \"I really hope this day will be better.\" he thought as he brushed his teeth. After getting ready, he slowly trudged to the kitchen to get breakfast. Usually his father would prepare breakfast, but due to his father being laid off recently he has had to get creative with his meals. After one ketchup sandwich, Max was on his way to school. Meanwhile on the living room couch, laid Goofy, surrounded by dozens of empty bottles of cheap beer. Once again, hungover after another night drinking his sorrows away. He slowly awakes as one eye opens, but the other is sealed shut by eye crust. \"Blast it...\" he mumbles as he separates his eyelids with two fingers. After regaining his eyesight he just sits on the couch, grabs a lukewarm beer from the night before, and starts drinking again. This has become his daily routine ever since he was laid off. \"I can't believe I've let this happen\" are the only words that run Goofy's mind. A few more beers later and Goofy was out for a little while. Meanwhile, Max was on his way to school. This was a time he cherished because it was the only time he could think in peace. Ever since his father got laid off, Max realized it would be a while before he got back on his feet (If he ever did) and that he would have to provide for the household. \"I'm probably gonna have to start job hunting soon if I ever wanna start eating something other than ketchup sandwiches.\" He thought. \"I can't believe my father did that! I mean who would actually ta-\" . However, Max's thoughts were interrupted by his girlfriend, Roxanne. \"Hey Max! How are ya doing?\" She asked a bit timidly. \"Oh...uh hey Rox'. I've just been thinking about my father and stuff...\" Said Max, a bit forlorn. Roxanne frowned, knowing his recent home situation. \"Hey. It's all gonna be alright. I'm sure it'll clear up and he'll come around. Heck, give him a few days and he might be job hunting.\" Says Roxanne enthusiasticly. \"Yeah right. He can't even get off the couch to go to the bathroom, let alone go job hunting. Plus I highly doubt he would have an easy time getting a job after what he did.\" After that statement, Roxanne thought it would be best to change the subject. \"Well I'll tell you what. We'll talk about this later, but for right now lets just enjoy this time of peace and quiet while we can.\" Said Roxanne as she took Max's hand. \"That actually sounds really nice.\" Said Max. Hand in hand and with a smile on their faces, they continued on their way to school. \"GOOOORSH!\" Screamed a very angry Goofy as he mistook his piss bottle for a full beer bottle. He threw the bottle out of anger, but then realized he just chucked a full bottle of piss across the room. \"PISSSSSSS! GORSH!\". Yelled Goofy while waving his hands and stomping his feet like a child who got bumped on the head. After about a minute of that, he finally stood up to survey the damage. Broken glass and piss was everywhere. With a defeated sigh, goofy fetched the broom and dustpan. After he cleaned the glass up, Goofy realized he didn't own a carpet shampooer so he just sprayed the piss stains with Febreeze™. After about 10 minutes of cleaning, he grabbed his tv remote and pressed the power button, but nothing happened. Realizing the batteries had died, he opted to just sit in silence instead of searching for fresh batteries. \"Well this is my life. Everything I've ever done has built up to this moment.\" He said, followed by a sigh. Then all of a sudden Goofy got an idea. He sat in silence contemplating if he should put this idea into action. After a minute or two of thinking, Goofy finally got up and headed for his garage. After digging around in some boxes Goofy finally found what he was looking for. \"Welp. I think I've found the solution to my problem.\" Said Goofy while holding a rope. After a surprisingly great day of school, Max was feeling really good for the first time a while. He was actually smiling and in a good mood. While waiting on the steps from the schools entrance Roxanne caught up with him. \"Hey! Are ya ready for tonight?!\" Roxanne asked excitedly. \"Oh yeah. I can't wait!\" Max replied. \"Great. Go home and get dressed, you. I'll meet you at the restaurant.\" She said while she was walking away. \"Oh man...\" He said with a lovesick smile on his face. He remained that way for about a minute. He finally snapped out of it and started to head home. On his way home he started to think about his father. While he sympathized for his dad, he also felt deeply disappointed in him. \"I just can't believe he did that. My dad of all people.\" Max said. Deciding not to dwell on his fathers actions, he began to focus on his date. A smile slowly made its way to Max's face as reached his house. Max opened the front door. \"Dad! I'm home!\" Yelled Max, but he got no answer. Max raised an eyebrow. Usually he got a response. His dad wasn't on the couch so Max went to his fathers bedroom, but he didn't find him there. He didn't find him in the bathrooms, or the kitchen. \"Maybe he decided to drive somewhere.\" Thought Max as he made his way to the garage...[Chapter 2] Max makes his way to the garage and opens the door. \"Dad?...\" Max calls into the dark room, but no one answers. Max turns on the light to see his dad hanging from the ceiling. Max's first reaction to scream, but then he sees that his father is timidly smiling at him. Goofy was still alive because he tied the rope around his torso instead of his neck, so he was just hanging there. \"DAD! WHAT!\" Max yelled. \"Um, I'll be happy to explain if you can help get me down. Hyau hyau...\" Goofy said timidly. :A Little while later: ...\"SO YOU DECIDED TO KILL YOURSELF?!\" Max yelled. \"Well...kinda...\" said Goofy. \"I-I-I can't even think right now What am I gonna do with you? I can't even leave you alone now!\" Max said. \"Oh and Roxanne! I completely forgot about Roxanne!\" Max said in a panicked state. Goofy just stared at his son in sadness. \"Grr. Just sit on the couch while I call Roxanne for sec.\" Max said. :Later: \"So let me get this strait. Your dad tried to hang himself, but he somehow messed that up?\" Roxanne said in confusion over the phone. \"Yeah. I'm so so so sorry for leaving you by yourself-\" Said max before he was cut off. \"Hey hey hey. Dude. Your dad just tried to kill himself and you're trying to apologize to me? I'm totally fine. Like, really. You need to be with your dad right now.\" \"I guess you're right, But what am I gonna do with him though?\" Said Max \"...hmm...I'm not sure...What about a therapist?\" Said Roxanne. \"That's probably the only that could help right now...\" Said Max a bit forlorn. \"Hmm Well I'll talk to ya later. I hope everything goes okay. I'll see ya later.\" Said Roxanne. \"Thanks Rox, bye.\" Said Max before the call ended. :Later: Max returns to living room. \"Ok, ok, ok. So here is what we are gonna do-OH COME ON!\" He interrupts himself at the sight of of his dad drinking elmers school glue. \"DAD THAT'S NOT EVEN TOXIC!\" Shouted Max. Goofy stops drinking and just stares at the bottle. \"I want to die.\" Said Goofy quietly. Later after Max made sure his dad was asleep, he started to do some thinking. He decided he would take some days off from school to be with his dad. He figured the last thing his father would want to do is to see a therapist. So he decided he was going to spend the next few days with him. Just to coax him and make him feel loved. Maybe a bit later after his father is in a slightly better mindset he would bring up the subject of therapy. :Day 1: \"Hey dad!\" Said Max with a big smile on his face trying to wake his father up. \"...g-g-g-guuuursh...uh...hey...maxy.\" Said Goofy very groggily. \"Hey what do ya want for breakfast?\" Said Max \"...scrambled eggs and strawberries.\" Said Goofy in a depressed state. \"Um dad...you're allergic to strawberries...\" Said Max. \"I know.\" Said Goofy. ...\"Well! Eggs it is!\" Said Max marching to the kitchen. This was gonna be a long week. :Meanwhile: Roxanne was sitting in her room. The only thing she could think about was Max and Goofy. \"I really hope things turn out ok.\" She thought to herself. She had been sitting on her bed for the whole day just thinking. After a while she decided that just thinking isn't productive enough, so she decided to call Max to check up on him. She grabs the phone and dials his number. It rings for a solid 25 seconds before he answers. \"Um, hey Rox. Whats up?\" Said Max a bit out of breath. \"I was just wondering how things are going over there. Is your dad doing any better today?\" Said Roxanne. \"Oh No. He is a train wreck. I'm trying my best to be loving and helpful to him, but he just keeps asking for beer and things that would kill him.\" Said Max nervously. \"Aww man. Is there anything I could do to help?\" Said Roxanne \"Well could you could come over later and help me out a bit?\" Asked Max. \"Oh yeah, certainly. Would 6 be good?\" Asked Roxanne. \"Yeah that sounds fine. Thanks a lot.\" Said Max \"Anytime, dude. I'll see ya soon. Bye.\" Said Roxanne \"Ok bye.\" Said Max.[Chapter 3] —-5 Months Ago—- An extremely drunk, and recently divorced Micky Mouse stumbles thru the front door of Goofy's residence. He (re)turned to drinking after a nasty divorce from Veronica (his second wife). \"Ermmm *burp* Yo Goofball!... Lets make like my wife and I...*hiccup*... and split. Let's hit the town! Ermmm I got a couple rollings rocks with, erm...*burp* your name on it!\" Said Mickey. \"Well Gorsh, Mickey! You sound hammered? I think I should just drive you home.\" Said Goofy. \"Ermmm nonsense, Goofnut, lets go to the...*burp*...club! When was the last time you had a good time?\" Said Mickey. Goofy thought for a second. \"Well, I haven't had a good time in quite a bit. Why not?\" \"Well, alright. I guess ya talked me into it!\" Said Goofy. \"I swear on Pluto's life, you won't...ermmm...regret it!\" Said Mickey. Goofy tried to hide his concerned face because Pluto has been dead for 5 years. :Later that night at the club: \"Mickey?! Mickey?! Where are ya, Bud?\" Said Goofy, looking for his friend among the crowd of fratboys and scantily clad college girls. He wasn't having as good as a time as he hoped. Everyone was shoulder to shoulder and was obnoxious as could be, and not to mention that he could barely hear with techno music blaring in the place. \"Hey, Goofball! Let me introduce to my lady friend...\" Said Mickey, presenting a woman, still wasted out of his mind. \"Um, nice to meet ya! My names Goofy! And you are?\" Said Goofy, extending his hand for a handshake. \"My stage name is the StacytheSlut, but you can just call me Stacy.\" Said, Stacy. Goofy nodded as politely as he could, but felt awkward and out of place. He also noticed that Stacy and Mickey were extremely handsy. Like...things were getting pretty heated between the two. Goofy spoke \"Hey, um, Micky? I think we should get going. I'm getting pretty tired\". That was a lie. Goofy just wanted to escape this place. \"Are you...*burp*...kidding? I'm about to get my sha-bang on, Goober! *hiccup* How about you stop being a wet...*burp* blanket and find yourself a lady! Stacy and I and gonna go to the back to, um...talk business. Hehehehe...*burl*.\" Said Mickey before walking off to the back of the club. Goofy sighed, and just accepted that he wasn't getting out of here anytime soon. He found an open barstool and took a seat. \"What can I get for ya?\" Said the bartender. \"Oh, I'm not here to drink.\" Said Goofy. \"Well, come on! Don't you wanna have a good time? Are you really gonna come to a bar and not drink?\" Said the bartender. Goofy now contemplated. He can't remember the last time he drank. He was gonna be here for a while, so why not? \"Well, I guess ya talked me into it.\" Said Goofy. :2 Hours Later: \"CHUG CHUG CHUG CHUG!\" Exclaimed the crowd of people that surround goofy. Goofy had lost all control. He was having the time of his life. \"Hahahahaha...*burp*...I'm the chug-king!\" Shouted Goody. Goofy felt his phone vibrated. He took it out and seen that Max had texted him. \"Hey Dad! Where are you? You've been gone for hours.\" \"I'm at the the clubb.\" Said Goofy, barely able to spell the sentence. \"Don't drive home. Get an Uber.\" \"Ilk be okat Max\" Said Goofy. \"Dad I'm serious!\" Goofy didn't respond. He decided it was time to get home. He headed for the door. He walked out of the club and seen his friend, Mickey was passed out against the wall. He was sweaty as could be, and almost naked. Stacy had ran off with his clothes and his wallet. Goofy picked him up, and carried him to his car. Goofy laid Mickey down in the back, and got in the drivers seat... ...Goofy woke up in the hospital the next day with the worst headache of his life. He had no memory of what happened. He sat up in the hospital bed, trying to recollect what happened. \"How did I get here?\" He thought. \"Good morning, Goofy. Glad to see that you're awake.\" Said a nurse. \"Ma'am, what happened? How did I get here?\" Asked Goofy. \"You were intoxicated, and you decided to drive home. You lost control and the car rolled over. It's a miracle that you only have a concussion. It was quite a serious accident.\" Said the nurse. \"Hmmmm. Wait! What about my friend, Mickey! He was in the car, wasn't he!?\" Said Goofy, with a sense of panic in his voice. The nurse frowned and lowered her head. \"Goofy, I don't know how to say this, but your friend didn't survive the accident. He was ejected from the vehicle and was gone by time paramedics got there.\" Goofy's blood ran cold. Tears formed In his eyes. \"No no no no. Oh what have I done!?\" Cried Goofy. \"I'm so sorry for your loss.\" Said the nurse. She left the room, leaving Goofy to mourn in peace. —PRESENT DAY—- Max stayed up late. Thinking about that night. He was glad that he was alright, but he was disappointed in his father. He just couldn't believe in what he had done. Mickey was like an uncle to him. How could his father be so irresponsible? Goofy surprisingly didn't get sentenced. Mickey's family didn't press charges, since the families were so close. Goofy's reputation was tarnished. He was immediately fired from his good paying, longtime job. He fell into a deep depression, and was never the same. Max sat on his bed and pondered the days before this all happen. \"I just hope everything gets better soon\" Said Max. ","Summary":" BEEP. BEEP. BEEP. An alarm goes off at 7:30 AM in the Goofy household. Seconds later a groan echoed"},{"Movie":"Another Cinderella Story","Title":"Another Cinderella Sequel","Author":"MMC gang","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7169957","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer- I do not own Another Cinderella story or the characters in it- The singing dancer placed her right hand on Joey Parker's right shoulder and rotated around his body in a clockwise direction, here black fingernails glistening in the spotlight. When she came in front on him, he grabbed her and dunked her as they belted out the last line of his song, \"New Classic\". \"That's a wrap!\" the director called. Joey planted a brief kiss on the girls lips when he knew no one was looking. But the girl wasn't Mary...[Chapter 2] Joey planted a brief kiss on the girls lips...but the girl wasn't Mary... The girl wasn't Mary? No, she was THE Mary Santiago. She had become quite well known after she won JP's contest. There were rumours circling around the net that she was JP's new girl friend. There were true but the happy couple had decided to keep their relationship a secret. Well from most people. \"Mary!OMG!Mary!\" \"What Tammi!\" Mary sounding sarcastically interested. \"You'd never guess...\" Tammi droned unaffected by Mary's sarcasm. Joey knew the call was from Tammi and Mary glanced in his direction to see if she had time for the call. They both knew Tammi was further developed in her talking skills than other humans. Joey nodded at her and so she said, \"Go on, I'm listening Tammi.\" Mary's jaw hit the ground. Suddenly her look of shock turned into one of excitement.[Chapter 3] \" Suddenly her look of shock turned into one of excitement.\" \"No way!\" Mary squealed. \"Yes way!\" Tammi gloated. Mary couldn't believe that Tammi was actually Joey's new fashion consultant. Apparently as Joey's manager, Dustin had hired his girlfriend for the job. Mary quickly ended the call and dragged JP into the janitor's and kissed the crap out of him. \"What was that for?\" Joey asked, \"Not that I mind.\" he added coyly when he saw Mary's confused face. \"Don't be modest\" she said slinging an arm over his shoulder, \"What you did for Tammi! I can't believe you made Dustin hire her as your fashion consultant!\" Joey immediately paled and sat on a bucket.[Chapter 4] \" I can't believe you made Dustin hire her as your fashion consultant!\" Joey immediately paled... He immediately whipped out his cell and dialled Dustin. \"Dustin. Dustin! Stop talking to Tammi and listen!\" Joey said as he paced the closet. Dustin indicated for him to go on and Joey said, \"Did you hold interviews/auditions for the job you gave Tammi?\" \"Are you kidding man! No. We all know Tammi is the best there is.\" Dustin said sounding confused. Joey re-plunked himself on the bucket and only rolled his eyes when a mop hit his head. He groaned and said Dustin and Tammi had to meet him at his mansion for dinner. He knew there was nothing he could do now and it was too hard to explain over the phone. Mary looked at him, concern in her eyes. \"Are you ok honey?\" she asked gently. \"No,\" he said, \"but you can make me feel better if you kiss me again.\" he said cheekily but Mary knew something bad was up. But she kissed him anyway.[Chapter 5] Hi Guys! As you may have noticed, I haven't posted in a while. Sorry *guilty face*. This was initially because my laptop got wiped repeatedly, deleting any progress I'd made on my stories. Sadly, I won't be continuing these series at the present time, but I may finish them off in the future. I will do my best to post as often as I can, which may not be often due to my workload. I will mainly be posting book reviews/rants/suggestions and short fan fictions. If you guys want me to write about anything, just send me a message and I'll see what I can do. I will post a short Gallagher Girls story tonight so you guys should totally check that out. Thanks for understanding and sorry again :) -MMC Gang ","Summary":" Disclaimer- I do not own Another Cinderella story or the characters in it- The singing dancer place"},{"Movie":"Another Cinderella Story","Title":"All the Possibilities","Author":"A Redhead's Temper","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11351333","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Katie Gibbs- singer, songwriter, and the servant of her stepmother Gail. She was a pretty girl, but was often overlooked because of her step-sister Beverly Van Ravensway's obnoxious and loud personality and beautiful appearance. Katie's dream was to become a famous singer so that she could escape her step-family, but Gail stepped on that dream at every chance she had. Katie was clever though, because she had several secrets and tricks up her sleeves. On one particular morning, Katie was having a wonderful dream. She was making a music video for one of her songs and was so happy, that when she woke up due to her step-brother Victor's yelling, it was like crashing back to reality. It wasn't too bad though, because at least she was waking up next to her boyfriend of two years, Luke Morgan. Katie had met Luke at an indie music festival and they had hit it off immediately. They had fallen for each other quickly and within two months of knowing one another, they were dating. They had to keep it a secret though because they didn't know who they could trust not to tell. \"Victor!\" Katie yelled in annoyance as she sat up in bed, making sure to use the blanket to cover herself up. Luke also woke up, though it was due more to the fact that Katie's body heat was suddenly gone. \"How much?\" Victor asked with an evil grin. At Katie's confused expression, Victor explained further, \"How much are you going to pay me to not tell about the boy?\" \"I can give you a guitar lesson?\" Luke offered. Victor thought about it for a second. \"Deal.\" Once Victor had left, Luke chuckled. \"Your brother is the spawn of the devil.\" Katie sighed. \"You're telling me. At least you don't have to live with him.\" \"True.\" Luke leaned over and kissed Katie. Smiling, he said, \"Good morning by the way.\" \"Mmmm.\" She hummed. \"Good morning.\" After a couple more kisses, she said, \"You should probably get going. You have a meeting with Gail today, remember?\" \"Right.\" He didn't sound happy about it. \"I'll see you there?\" \"Of course. I'll most likely be in the corner, pretending I don't exist.\" Katie was only half-joking. \"Hey, I know you exist.\" Katie giggled. \"I'm aware. You made that very clear last night.\" Luke laughed as he slid from the bed. He quickly hunted down his boxers and clothes, gave Katie one last kiss and a murmured, 'I love you,' and left. Katie was left to get ready for the day alone and make sure everyone at the main house was also dressed and ready. At the school, Katie was almost immediately called into Gail's office to take notes during her meeting. Luke and Guy were already in there and Luke was lounging on the loveseat. Katie shot him a look that said 'behave' without Gail noticing. Business went as Katie had expected, but when Gail had told Katie to text Bev to give Luke a tour of the school, Luke interrupted her. \"Do you mind if Katie gives me the tour? She's already here and I would hate to inconvenience anyone.\" Gail hesitated, but eventually nodded. \"I suppose that would be okay. You'll have to meet Bev sometime though. You'll just love her.\" \"I'm sure I will.\" Luke said with the easy smile that Katie loved. Soon Katie and Luke were free to go. Katie showed him where all of the different buildings were and even where the best places to kiss were. They made a stop by the soccer fields where Luke was chatting with the soccer players and Katie was watching from the shade of a tree. It was there that Angela, Katie's best friend, caught up to her. \"So did you do it?\" \"Do what?\" Katie asked. \"Give your demo to Luke Morgan!\" Angela said in a 'duh' tone. \"Sort of? I kind of slipped it into his dad's bag. But at least it's with him.\" Katie assured. \"So is Luke as hot as they say he is?\" Angela loved gossip. Katie laughed. \"Hotter.\" \"You think I'm hot?\" Luke asked as he walked over. \"You know that I think you're hot.\" Katie joked with a smile. Angela looked between the two in confusion. \"What?\" \"Angela, this is Luke Morgan, my boyfriend. Luke, this is my best friend Angela.\" Angela stuck her hands on her hips and narrowed her eyes at her small best friend. \"How long have you been dating? And when exactly were you going to tell me?\" Katie looked down in shame for not telling Angela. \"We've been dating for two years. I was going to tell you, but I didn't know how.\" Angela sighed and turned to Luke. \"Let me be clear lover boy. You hurt my best friend, I hurt you.\" Just then, a soccer ball flew threw the air towards them, which Angela caught deftly. At the shouts from the soccer players, Angela looked down at the ball and innocently asked, \"You want this?\" She then dropped to her back and did a fancy but powerful kick at the ball and sent it soaring. Once she had hopped back up, she arched an eyebrow at Luke. \"I kick ass in my free time, so don't mess with Katie.\" Luke chuckled. \"I'll keep that in mind.\" He then looked down at his watch and frowned. \"I have to get to class. I'll see you at lunch?\" \"Of course.\" Katie answered with a quick kiss and a smile. \"Angela and I usually eat in one of the practice rooms, so text me when you get out of class and I'll show you where we are.\" Luke nodded and walked off with a wave. When Katie returned her gaze to her best friend, who had a ridiculous grin on her face. \"What?\" Angela just smiled more. \"You really love him.\" \"Of course I do. Luke has been there for me through a lot.\" \"I'm glad you found someone like him. You deserve it.\" Angela hugged her best friend. \"Now, let's get going. We have class too you know.\"[Chapter 2] That night, Katie was miserable. She had been locked outside by Victor in nothing but a doormat and it was cold and she didn't even have her phone to call Luke for help. \"Katie?\" Speaking of Luke, there he was, looking handsome in the evening light. \"Luke?\" Katie asked in surprise, attempting not to drop the mat. \"Katie, are you wearing a doormat?\" \"Yes.\" Katie said, still in shock of seeing Luke. \"Welcome.\" Luke chuckled. \"Well thank you.\" Katie sighed. \"The truth? Victor locked me outside the house. Naked.\" Luke looked at her in surprise, then it dawned on him what she had said because he shrugged off his jacket and draped in around her shoulders. \"Here, you should take my jacket.\" \"Thanks. Now the pants.\" Luke shrugged and went to his belt when he looked up and saw the grin on Katie's face. \"I'm joking.\" Luke grinned. \"You got me.\" \"So what are you doing here? Not that I'm not glad to see you.\" Katie asked as she rang the doorbell in hopes that someone would answer it. \"Dad wanted me to get to know Bev for some reason.\" Katie frowned. \"I wonder why.\" After a moment of silence, Katie rang the doorbell again. \"So that meeting today. It's pretty obvious that your dad doesn't get you. He's an idiot for not liking your music.\" \"Well, it's complicated.\" Luke gave as an answer as he rang the doorbell himself. Katie arched an eyebrow. \"As complicated as me getting stuck outside in only a 'welcome' mat?\" \"That's not complicated,\" Luke smirked as he gave her a once-over that made her roll her eyes. \"that's a gift from God.\" Katie laughed. \"Do you want to get out of here? I'd offer my garden shed, but Victor locked me out of there too.\" \"I'd love to. I think I have some spare clothes in my car that you can wear.\" The two made their way down the walkway just as the door opened, revealing Bev. \"Luke!\" She exclaimed in surprise. \"What are you doing here? And with Katie?\" \"I came to pick up Katie but she got locked out by your brother on accident and hasn't been able to change. Do you think you could get her some clothes?\" Luke asked kindly, despite Katie's silent protests. Bev looked angry and annoyed, but nodded and disappeared into the house. She came back a few minutes later with the stack of laundry that Victor had thrown on the stairs. \"Thank you Bev.\" Bev nodded silently and went back inside. Luke walked Katie to his car and opened the door for her so that she could change. Once she was dressed, she handed him back his jacket and tossed the welcome mat to the curb. \"So where are we going?\" Katie asked. Luke smiled at her. \"My house. Dad isn't home and we'll have it all to ourselves.\" \"Sounds great.\" Luke's house was massive, as to be expected with a president of a music company for a father, and Katie immediately felt even smaller than she already was. Luke parked his car in the garage and frowned when he saw that his dad's car was there. \"What's wrong?\" Katie asked when she noticed her boyfriend's expression. \"My dad's car is here. I thought he would have taken it but apparently not.\" Katie shrugged and let Luke open her door for her, then followed him into the house. As they entered the living room, Katie was surprised to see Guy Morgan lounging on the couch and listening to a very familiar song. It was the one that she had put on the demo that she had slipped into his bag. \"Dad?\" Luke asked. \"What are you doing home? I thought you were going to London. And who is this? They sound amazing.\" \"I was on my way to the airport when I found this demo. I just had to hurry home to put it into the works at the company. At first I thought it was that Katie girl, but when I called her, Mrs. Van Ravensway told me that it was Beverly. I'd like her to be in the end of the year showcase.\" Katie coughed and stepped out from where she had been hidden from sight. \"I'm sorry to interrupt, but that demo is mine. I can prove it if you want.\" \"I'm afraid I'm very confused.\" Guy said. Luke nodded. \"Me too. I thought you were going to audition for the showcase.\" Katie sighed. \"I made that demo in the hopes of giving it to you, Luke, but never got the chance to before you were in the office today. I wasn't able you give it to you then either, so I slipped it into your dad's bag. Gail must have planned to use my voice to make Bev famous and that's why she told you that it was her demo instead of mine. I can assure you that it's mine though because Bev can't sing. At all.\" Guy looked at Katie in thought. \"If what you say is true, and I believe you, then we need to find a way to expose Gail and Bev and take away any chance for them to have leverage over you. I'll talk to my lawyers and figure something out. Now, on to my next question. What are you doing here with my son?\" \"Dad, let me formally introduce you to Katie Gibbs, my girlfriend of two years.\" Luke said, somewhat nervous. Katie offered her hand, which Guy shook. He peered at his son with a bit of sadness in his eyes. \"How did I not notice that you had a girlfriend for two years?\" Katie was the one to speak up. \"If I may? Mr. Morgan, while I respect you as a businessman, and I don't mean to overstep boundaries here, you are often more focused on your work than your son. Luke wants to be a producer, not a businessman, has had a girlfriend for two years without you realizing, among several other things that you don't know. I think you should focus more on your family than on your company.\" Guy looked to Luke. \"Is this true?\" Luke nodded. \"I'm sorry. I don't mean to and I'll certainly work on it. Katie, thank you for setting me straight.\" \"It's my pleasure, sir.\" After that, Luke led Katie up to his bedroom and shut and locked the door before capturing her lips in his. On the bed, he murmured into her skin, \"Thank you.\" \"What for?\" \"Getting my dad to listen to me. For that, I love you even more.\" \"I love you too.\" Katie said sincerely against his lips. Pretty soon they were under the covers and cuddling as they fell asleep.[Chapter 3] The next morning, Katie snuck back into the garden shed to get ready for the day, then ran to the main house. Gail called her into the living room though, as well as Bev, and she 'convinced' Katie to let Bev use her voice to get a record deal. Katie pulled out her best acting because she knew that Guy was working on freeing her from her step-family. At school, Katie explained to Angela what was going on. Just as they were getting comfortable in the practice room, a couple of voices were heard from the hallway. \"Hide!\" Angela urged. The two girls ran to the recording booth and ducked into it just as Luke and Mickey entered the room. \"You ain't about to serenade a brother are you?\" Mickey joked as Luke set up a mic and amp. \"Dude, there is a fine line with bromance and I have a girlfriend.\" Luke said lightly. \"Are you going to ask her to the dance tonight?\" \"Yes, though-\" Luke was cut off by Katie's voice as she exited the booth. Angela was close behind. \"And when were you going to ask me lover boy?\" \"When I saw you next,\" was Luke's answer. \"Katie, would you like to be my date for the dance tonight?\" \"I'd love to.\" Katie answered with a smile. She turned to Mickey. \"I'm Katie Gibbs by the way, Luke's girlfriend and Dean Van Ravensway's step-daughter.\" \"I know who you are, but it's a pleasure to officially meet you. I'm Mickey O'Malley. And who's your fine friend?\" Mickey asked Angela. Angela smirked. \"Down boy. Don't want to seem too eager. I'm Angela. I don't have a date for the dance either. Care to be mine?\" Mickey grinned. \"I'd love to.\" Luke and Katie watched their friends in amusement but then they all turned to the mic, amp, and guitar that Luke had set up. \"So what's all of this for?\" Katie asked. Luke happily explained. \"Mickey, a talent scout by the way, introduced (I think that's the right word. We were in the loo though.) me to a group called Oral Majority. They were amazing! When I first heard them (in the loo remember) the first thing I thought was- great acoustics! The second thing I thought was to give them this song.\" Luke sang through the song 'Knockin'' with a little help from Mickey and ended the song with the girls applauding. \"Man! That was amazing!\" Mickey exclaimed. \"It reminds me of Danger Fruit.\" Both Katie and Luke smirked, amused. Katie was the one that explained, \"He produced and wrote their album.\" \"Seriously!? I love that album! It took me forever to find the bootleg for that online.\" Mickey was excited, they could tell. \"If you give Oral Majority your song, then we are going to have a great showcase.\" \"Of course we are, I'm the producer.\" Luke said confidently. Katie suddenly stood up with an 'ah-ha' face and took the guitar from Luke. She positioned herself in front of the mic, then sang through the song that had just entered her mind, which she had decided to call 'Extra Ordinary.' \"What was that?!\" Angela exclaimed. Katie shrugged. \"I guess it was the answer to a song.\" \"You came up with that right on the spot?\" Mickey asked, surprised. Luke wrapped an arm around Katie's shoulders and smiled proudly. \"That's my girl, always creating hit songs before the rest of us can even blink.\" Katie beamed at the praise as she handed Luke his guitar. \"I don't know if they're hits.\" \"They are,\" all three of her friends said in unison. That earned a laugh from Katie. \"Thanks guys.\"[Chapter 4] Later that night, Angela and Katie were in the garden shed, talking. \"So, as your best friend, I may or may not have done a little shopping on your behalf.\" Angela said as she pulled a box from where she had hidden it. \"It's for the dance tonight. You're going to look so good that Luke won't know what hit him.\" Katie opened the box like a kid on Christmas, revealing a beautiful purple sari and a matching mask. \"Ang, it's beautiful! Thank you!\" \"All we have to do now is get someone to watch Victor for the night, because you know Gail is going to try to make you do it, and we're all set to go.\" It was then that Gail decided to make an appearance, causing Angela to have to hide. Gail forced Katie into watching Victor, which she had seen coming. Once Gail had left though, Katie and Angela ran to the main house and convinced Ravi/Tony to watch Victor. At the dance, Katie and Angela almost immediately spotted Luke and Mickey. Sadly, they also spotted Bev and Gail. The two friends made their way to the boys and greeted them but soon Mickey had to go DJ and Luke said that he wanted to show Katie something. \"Go, I'll distract Gail.\" Angela assured. Katie smiled at her in thanks and followed Luke out to the fountain. \"What did you want to show me?\" \"It's more of a telling, but I wanted to do it away from prying ears.\" Luke explained. \"I talked to my dad and he's managed to secure the money that your father left you and has made sure that Angela, Victor, and Tony are all safe from Gail and her claws. He's also started making your demo into your first single, but will need you in the studio soon to work on an album.\" Katie squealed and threw her arms around Luke. \"Thank you so much!\" \"That's not all though. I get to produce and write with you on the album and we've come up with the perfect plan to get back at Gail.\" Luke then told Katie about how she would go along with Gail's plan to use her voice and when the showcase came around, they would expose her and her plan. Katie loved it. \"You're amazing. I love you.\" Katie locked her lips to Luke's. \"Katie!\" Angela's voice made the couple separate. \"Gail had an accident and went home. Time to go.\" Katie cursed. \"Gotta go. I'll see you tomorrow?\" \"Of course.\" The next day, Katie was in the booth recording a song for Bev to use as her showcase piece. Gail and Bev were both harping on her to get it perfect and Katie was getting frustrated, but held it in so that she wouldn't get in trouble. When she finally got it right and it was recorded, Katie and Bev switched places so that she could learn to lip synch to it. Katie then shot Luke a text that it was safe to come in. Luke entered the practice room with Mickey and smiled through the booth at Katie, but it looked like he was smiling at Bev. The music was cut off and Gail exited the booth. \"I'm sorry, this is a closed rehearsal.\" Gail stated. \"We have to practice for the showcase audition.\" \"Oh, you're in.\" Luke assured. \"I haven't heard a voice that good in a long time, or a song that good either. Would you like to write a song together? I'd love your input.\" Bev looked flabbergasted as she nodded and let out a squeaky, \"Sure.\" \"Awesome. I've got to get going, but I can tell that we're going to have an interesting showcase.\" Luke waved to them all and shot Katie a discrete wink, then left. That weekend, Luke was greeted at the Van Ravensway house by Victor. After giving Victor and impromptu guitar lesson, he stood up to see Katie leaning against the wall with a soft smile on her face and holding a painting that had a hole cut out of it. \"She appears to have lost her head.\" Luke pointed to the painting. \"Yeah, it's an artist's rendition on what goes on up there.\" Katie joked. \"I take it that you're here to 'write' a song with Bev?\" \"Yeah, I'm hoping to make her work for her deception.\" Katie laughed. \"I look forward to hearing what she comes up with.\" \"Luke!\" Speak of the devil, there was Bev with a bright smile on her face. \"What are you doing here?\" \"I was hoping to write that song with you.\" Bev's face dropped for a second, but soon her fake smile was back in place. \"Of course. I'll meet you in the living room, but I need to talk to Katie first.\" Luke complied and Bev dragged Katie up to Victor's room to get them both hooked up to the devices that would let them communicate. Bev then went down to the living room and Katie tried to come up with a song for Bev to 'write.' Katie grinned mischievously. She knew just the song. Downstairs, Bev gave the first lyric. \"Don't break my heart before I give it to you.\" Luke furrowed his brow at the familiar words and strummed a few notes that his fingers seemed to remember. \"Don't tell me no before I ask you too.\" Luke then recognized the song and Katie cheered from where she was when she saw the look on his face. It was the first song that they had ever written together, back when they were still a new couple and Katie was getting used to having a boyfriend. Luke was her first everything, you know. Luke then seemed to realize that Bev must be getting the word from Katie somehow but said nothing and let her continue 'writing' the song. At the end of the song, Bev had slid to sit next to Luke and was leaning in to kiss him when his phone rang. Bev scowled but moved away and let Luke answer the phone. Luke stood and looked at his phone. It was Katie, who had apparently taken off her earpiece. \"Hello?\" \"Pretend I'm your dad,\" was Katie's greeting. \"Hey Dad.\" \"Good. I really didn't want Bev to kiss you. I have to kiss that mouth and I'm not having it tainted by Barbie over there.\" \"Of course.\" \"Now, pretend that I've told you that you have to come home.\" \"Ok Dad. I'll be home soon. Should I pick you up?\" \"Always. I'll be in the shed.\" \"Got it. See you in fifteen minutes. I have to run an errand first.\" \"I love you.\" \"You too.\" Luke turned to Bev. \"I have to go. I'll see you around?\" \"Sure. Bye Luke.\" Bev said sadly. Fifteen minutes later, Luke met Katie in the garden shed. She was sitting dejectedly on her bed, strumming on her guitar. When Luke entered though, she set the guitar aside and gave him a weak smile. \"Hey.\" Luke frowned and went to stand between Katie's legs so that he could be close to her. \"What's wrong?\" Katie sighed. \"You're positive that my accounts are sealed, right?\" \"Of course. Why?\" \"Gail said that she could get the money if she had a medical emergency and threatened to take it away if I didn't cooperate.\" Luke pulled Katie into a hug, which she happily reciprocated, wrapping her legs around his waist. \"I promise, even if Gail takes the money away (which is highly unlikely. Dad has the best lawyers) you're going to be so famous soon that you won't need it. You'll have money of your own.\" \"Thanks.\" Katie looked up at her boyfriend of two years. \"I'm sorry for dragging you into all of this.\" \"Not a problem, love. I love you and I'd do anything for you.\" Katie smiled, quite a bit happier, and kissed Luke. It's safe to say that they didn't leave the garden shed for a couple of hours.[Chapter 5] Finally, it was the night of the showcase. Luke had been texting Katie all day from the venue, calming her down, telling her that he loves her, and assuring her that everything was going to plan. He had even sent over a box that contained an outfit for her to wear that night with a note that said, \" Every star deserves to shine. I love you, Luke. \" It was a pair of silver sequin skinny jeans, a white flowy tank top, a black blazer, and a pair of black pumps. It was perfect. ( A/N: I didn't really like Katie's stage outfit, so I changed it. Sorry, not sorry ) At the venue, Katie was immediately put to work. It wasn't until thirty minutes before Guy Morgan was to arrive that she was given time to breathe and get ready. Angela helped her with her makeup, keeping it light and her eyes bold, and curled her hair even more than it naturally was. It was then pulled back into a stylish ponytail and a pair of silver earrings were hooked into her ears. She looked fabulous. Just before she had to go meet Guy Morgan with Gail and the others, there was a knock on the dressing room door. It was Luke. \"You look beautiful,\" were the first words out of his mouth. Katie smiled. \"Thank you. My amazing boyfriend got me this outfit.\" \"I wasn't talking about the outfit and besides, Angela helped me. She's the fashion freak, not me.\" Katie laughed. \"I should have known.\" \"So are you ready for this?\" Luke asked as he pulled his girlfriend into a hug. \"Yes, though I'm still nervous. I've never done anything like this before.\" \"You mean stand up to the family that has treated you like crap for the past four years? I should hope you haven't done that before because then you'd have a lot of explaining to do.\" Luke attempted to joke. \"Seriously though, you're going to be great. I have complete and utter faith in you.\" The showcase went smoothly and when it was time for Bev to come on, Luke took the microphone and ran on stage. \"Hello everyone!\" Luke shouted to the audience. \"We've had a great show so far and I can't wait for you to meet our finale. She's an amazing singer and songwriter and she has worked her butt off to get here tonight. Please give it up for Beverly Van Ravensway!\" Bev strutted onto the stage to the beat of the music and began her song. Just as she was getting the audience pumped up, the sound was suddenly cut off by Victor grabbing the iPod and destroying it. Luke came back on stage with his guitar and turned to the audience. \"You all liked her didn't you?\" he asked them. At their cheers, he said, \"It's a shame that it wasn't really her though isn't it? You see, Bev and her mother stole someone else's voice and claimed it to be Bev's. You're probably thinking that that can't be true, but here's the proof.\" Victor then played a video that he had secretly recorded of Gail and Bev threatening Katie. The crowd began booing at the video in anger at the Van Ravensways. \"Now, here's the real artist, Katie Gibbs!\" Katie then stepped onto the stage and the audience went wild. She sang her heart out and danced like no one was watching. She put all of her heart and soul into the song and by the time the song was over, she was beaming in happiness and pride for herself. At the audience's shouts of 'encore!' she turned to Luke, who was also beaming with love and pride for his girlfriend. \"What should I sing?\" she asked. \"The song you put on your demo! They'll love it!\" was his answer. Katie shrugged and started singing 'Make You Believe' with the help of Victor and Luke. The crowd exploded into cheers and by the time the song ended, there was no way to calm them down. Not that Luke didn't try. \"Now, we have one more surprise,\" he began, \"but it's more for Katie than you all. For this surprise though, I'll need my dad and the president of Kensington Records, Guy Morgan to please come on the stage.\" Katie looked on in confusion from Luke's side as Guy made his way to the stage and onto it. She had no idea what was going on. \"Hello everyone.\" Guy greeted the crowd. \"I would like to introduce you to Kensington Record's newest artist, Katie Gibbs.\" Katie squealed in surprise and quickly turned Luke. She hugged him tightly, which he happily accepted. In her ear, he whispered, \"This was all you, love. I'm proud of you, but we're not done yet.\" Katie extracted herself from her amused boyfriend and turned to listen to Guy. \"Without Katie knowing, and this was very hard mind you, we released her first single in Europe. It was a smash hit and I am proud to honor her her first platinum award for her single.\" The crowd erupted into screams as Angela and Mickey brought out Katie's award and set it where everyone could see it. Katie was crying from happiness as she hugged her friends, Victor, Ravi, and Guy. When she finally turned to Luke, he was smiling with so much love and pride for her that she ran and leapt into his arms. With her arms and legs wrapped around him, Katie pressed her lips fiercely to his in a silent 'thank you.' \"So, how would you like to celebrate?\" Luke asked into her lips. \"This isn't the classiest of ways, but how about take-out Chinese food, a good movie, and lots of sugar?\" Katie suggested. \"Just. The. Two. Of. Us.\" She punctuated the words with a kiss to get her point across. Luke grinned. \"Sounds fantastic. I'll rent a hotel room for us.\" \"Deal.\" Epilogue: Fast forward ten years. Katie Gibbs now runs an indie recording company called Once Upon A Song Records with her husband, Luke. She has received numerous awards, been on seven tours- three of which were world tours- and she and Luke have their second child on the way. Gail was back on her daddy's farm. Bev was trying to get by on second rate modeling jobs. Ravi/Tony was an actor and still a good friend of Katie and Luke. Victor was a filmer of documentaries. Angela was Katie's choreographer, still her best friend, and Katie's daughter's godmother. Mickey was a talent scout for Once Upon A Song and had been very successful. Life was good for Katie and Luke and they lived happily ever after. ","Summary":" Katie Gibbs- singer, songwriter, and the servant of her stepmother Gail. She was a pretty girl, but"},{"Movie":"Oz the Great and Powerful","Title":"So In Love With The Wrong World","Author":"The Pedantic Lady Pendragon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9126376","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is pretty much (AU) lovelies, but I felt like putting a different spin on it. Raimi's version was brilliant and enchanting but this is targeting an older audience and trying to flesh Evanora out a bit more. The tension between her and Glinda was huge and surely there was a reason behind it therefore I have made Evanora, Thoedora and Glinda sisters as well as an added one to even the balance between good and evil. Don't worry. I hate Mary Sue's as much as the next person therefore I made sure she passed the test before fleshing her out also. Hope you enjoy all. Her goes nothing. (Crosses fingers). Evanora was sat in her chambers; which lay just above the Royal throne room, drumming her fingers against the solid oak vanity table. Her eyes were glued on the large glass ball that sat before her. She could make him out perfectly, and also recognized the form of her youngest sibling by his side. So he had arrived . She hadn't truly believed in her father's words, his prophecies about a great man coming to claim the throne. That throne was hers. No one else's. As the eldest she had a legitimate claim to the throne; and she had given her father everything. Her council, her trust, her advice. She had served him for years and knew the ins and outs of this kingdom better than anyone else. Yet he had deemed her unworthy, simply for being a woman. His words rang clear in her ears and she could feel her anger increase as she remembered them. 'As wise as you are, this place cannot prosper under a woman, it needs a man; a truly great man, A wizard and not a witch'. How could anyone blame her for killing him?. The old fool had it coming she mumbled inwardly her hands clenching around the edge of the desk, her delicate knuckles turning white. No. No. No she would not allow some man, a supposedly great man to saunter on in and take everything from under her. She was the ruler of Oz currently, and it was a hard task to get the people onside. They wouldn't commit themselves willingly. So she forced them. Hence why she began to torment the villages posing as the Wicked Witch, posing as her other sister Glinda, and her plan worked wonderfully. Her actions drove the people straight into her waiting arms. And she cemented their loyalty when she chased Glinda out of the Emerald City. She was their protector, she had saved them all and became an instant hero and worthy leader. \"Glinda\" She spat the name venomously as she remembered her one time sibling. She knew what she did was wrong. No matter how much they didn't see eye to eye she knew it was unforgivable. And she did feel guilty for her actions. For setting her up and for killing their own father. Of course there was guilt at the pit of her stomach, she was only human after-all. The reason she had bit the apple was simply for knowledge of all, but it had withered her once kind heart away; leaving a shell of who she was. And once she had taken a bite out of it she had seen that they were both necessary sacrifices. Both were expendable in her anger fuelled rage. Her teeth gritted in frustration as her thoughts lingered on the blonde. She always seemed to be the favourite out of the four of them. She was the apple of their father's eye; Glinda this, Glinda that. She was just so perfect, oozing radiance and beauty which was deemed unmatched. She knew it was because she looked like a carbon copy of their mother. She'd inherited their mothers hair and eyes where-as she Theodora and Leahmora all had their fathers dark hair. With an annoyed sigh she pinched the bridge of her nose and rid herself of nostalgia and guilt. She had to begin her plans for the next step. The only person who knows what she did and who she is is Glinda, and she had to be dealt with some way or another. She was too much of a threat to leave roaming Oz. She needed to be finished. All she'd ever wanted was to be accepted. For being a Witch, for being a Woman for being like the one woman her father had truly loved. But that hadn't worked out naturally and so she had no choice but to put plan B into action. And it had done better than she expected. Now she had the respect she craved. The power she craved. But she hadn't had her fill just yet, and before she could get more the supposedly great wizard had arrived in Oz, coming to claim what was now essentially his. If he wanted that throne he'd have to kill her first, because whilst she was breathing she would be damned to see him sat on her seat. That cursed apple. The thing that had given her everything and nothing at the same time. Evanora got up from her seat and paced around her room anxiously working everything out in her head. The only way to get rid of that damn man would be to use him, she'd known that all along. Convince him that Glinda was the wicked witch and that he had to destroy her to become the King, but he wouldn't make it back anywhere near the Emerald City. She'd kill him herself if she had to. All of a sudden though she was snapped from her plotting by a loud and familiar knock on her door. \"Come in\" She said briskly and the door opened and there stood her sister leaning casually up against the other side. \"What?\". \"Well afternoon to you too sister?\" She spoke up sarcasm dripping off her words as she entered the room slowly, closing the door behind her. Evanora realised the tone she had spoken to her in and gave her a weary smile. \"I'm sorry Leahmora, I'm just a little tired that's all\" She said to her and her sister didn't question her on it; instead she conjured up two goblets of wine from thin air and handed one to Evanora who took it gratefully. \"I'm not surprised. You've been cooped up in this tower for so long I'm surprised you know what daylight is anymore?\" She laughed quietly; rousing a small one out of her sister too. \"Honestly Evanora, you need to get outside a bit more. I know you don't want to get distracted by other things, especially with the Glinda still out there, but the chances of her coming anywhere near the Emerald City are incredibly slim. You know that\" She added on perching herself on the edge of the woman's desk. Evanora didn't answer and instead observed her sister for a little while. Leahmora was only 3 years younger than herself, and they were the eldest two, with Glinda being a year younger than Leah and Theodora being the youngest. Out of her siblings it was Leah that looked the most like her. Both had raven coloured hair and very similar features, the only real difference between them being their eye colour; Evanora's green and Leahmora's Blue and the height difference with her younger sister being just ever so slightly taller than her. Other than that they could pass off as twins. As well as their strikingly similar appearances it was she who Evanora was closest too. Being the eldest two she had a different relationship with both sisters. Glinda being ever so perfect had rubbed her up the wrong way, and a jealous rivalry had wedged between them; even though Glinda tried to keep some civility with her. Theodora being the youngest of them; she felt the need to shield the young woman from things. She was gullible, ridiculously so; and sometimes Evanora just wanted to slap her around the face and tell her to get on with it. But as well as that she was naïve and far too innocent for her own good, and that's why she needed the younger one now. She could manipulate her, use her to get closer to the Wizard. But it was a whole different relationship with Leahmora. She was more of an equal on much more levels. Her control of her powers rivalled her own; something that greatly bothered Evanora when they were growing up. She herself was very powerful, but her magic had always been tainted by a darkness ever since she was young, and it was the dark magic in her veins that made her so strong. Where-as Leah's magic didn't have a trace of the black magic in it, she'd just learned to truly be at one with it, control it in every single way possible. And she could talk to her. She could sit and have and adult and intelligent conversation with her, not some petty story about water fairies and the other creatures that roamed the rural land. She could talk about tactics, about what to do with Oz next. But she could not tell her about her deeds just yet. She wouldn't be able to manipulate her like she could Theodora, and it honestly worried her about what would happen. Would she side with me?. Would she find the betrayal too much to bear and join ranks with Glinda?. There were too many probabilities and it truly did frighten Evanora. She knew she needed her on side, that was a must. She'd never understood Leahmora either, she was always so relaxed; always in control of herself and her emotions. An ethereal of calm and contentness. She wanted nothing but peace, and had a kindness and protectiveness that none could rival. She was just and loyal and severely different from the other sister's. When news reached her of their father's death there was no emotion. No flicker of sadness, no tears, nothing but a blank expression. Yet she was an incredibly compassionate person at the same time, a feat that baffled the older woman. Nothing ever seemed to get to her, she was constantly in control. She never lost her temper, always took everything in her stride. 'Mora was so complex it threw her and her sisters into a spin. She always managed to handle whatever was thrown at them. It was a trait she envied. Shaking her head once more she gathered control of herself. She needed to be in control now. Of this land. Of the people. Of herself. But everything was falling apart, Glinda was getting stronger, the Wizard had arrived and now she truly would have to battle for what was rightfully hers. She didn't have long to act; a few days at the most and so for now she would just have to keep her head. \"Hello? Anyone in there?\" Leahmora asked waving her hand in front of Evanora's face. She blinked back to reality once again and took a sip of her wine. \"Sorry, you were saying?\" She said urging her to go on with what she had been saying. She sat herself down on the long settee that lined the wall of her room and crossed her legs. \"I was saying how you need to venture outside a little more. How about we go for a walk or something?\" She offered a small smile on her face. She played with the hem of her sleeve of the flowing blue dress that adorned her slender frame and took a long sip from the goblet. \"I honestly don't have the time\" Evanora said rather bluntly. There was too much to do. Too much to plan. If she wasn't currently battling for and against this land then she would have loved to have spent time with her sister. But there were more important things; things like that throne which was sat only a few metres and a flight of steps away. \"What are you doing that's so important?\" Leah posed arms crossed across her chest as she leaned casually back against the mirror. \"Is there something you aren't telling me? It can't be something to do with the Wicked Witch because I'd know if she was near before you would. So what's going on?\" She asked simply and got a pointed and sharp look off Evanora for her words. \"Nothing that concerns you Sister\" Evanora said; the cold mask slipping on easily. She needed to be focused. She could not let what was left of her emotions to get the better of her and cloud her judgement. She'd come too far to lose it all now. \"Of course it concerns me. I'm your second in command, I lead the guards and the patrols and protect this city as much as you do, therefore when it comes to the safety of these people I have every right to know!\" She said sharply. She was not leaving this room until Evanora told her what was going on. Not until she knew everything and her sister would come clean about it all. Evanora growled under her breath. She just couldn't leave well alone. Rubbing a hand across her face she finally spoke up. \"Okay if you're that determined to know then the Wizard has arrived in Oz\" She said turning to look at her sister who's face was once again completely impassive. \"And that's a good thing isn't it?\" Leahmora questioned stepping closer to the person she was closest too. Evanora couldn't look at her as the anger began to burn under her skin. The indentation that apple had caused within her. Taking a deep breath she steeled herself and turned to face Leah once more. A fake smile plastered it's way across her face and she nodded. \"Of course it is. Now Oz can truly prosper, I always believed that Father's words were right\" She smiled and it physically hurt her to do so. She hadn't smiled in so long the muscles in her face had gone unused, and now the action felt unnatural and completely foreign. Leah smiled wryly at her and drunk the last of the wine in the goblet and placed it down on the table quietly. \"I'm not stupid 'Nora. I know you don't care for that stupid prophecy one bit, and by all rights I do believe that you'd be a fine Queen, as you've proven in the tumultuous last few months. But don't do anything rash, for all we know he could be a fraud\" She said wisely putting a reassuring hand on her sister's shoulder. She was icy cold to the touch and the coolness sent a shiver up Leahmora's spine. But Leah wasn't stupid. She'd seen the change in her sister the past few months. For years 'Nora had been the kind and compassionate one looking after her family but within months her patience was now thin and her actions were becoming increasingly unstable. She tried to blame it on the pressure of ruling the country but deep down she knew that wasn't true. There was something far more sinister at work. Her moods were also swinging violently; as if there were two separate personalities to the woman. One minute she'd be the charming, confident and composed ruler the people had come to know and other times when she thought no one could see her she had a menacing look in her eyes, a darkness that threatened to consume anyone who came within a foot of her. She knew something wasn't right with her sister somewhere. If only she could pinpoint it. \"I'll do everything I can to protect this place, as I always have. And if he's not fit to rule, if he cannot defeat the Wicked Witch then the burden will then fall to me!\" Evanora said simply and Leah was sure she had seen her eyes darken for a split second. The tone the woman had used also stunned her. It's as if she wanted the supposed Wizard to fail. \"I know you will, you've kept this place ticking over since Father's death; and I honestly believe he'll be so proud of you even though he frowned on either one of us ruling this land\" Leah said not wanting to provoke her sister today. Once again she seemed on edge, and did not want to be on the wrong side of her wrath right now. \"I hope so!\" She replied and put her hand over her sister's affectionately. She couldn't believe how easy the lies could just rolled off of her tongue, to her closest friend as well. How well she was at deceiving people, even those who knew her better than most had no idea of what she was up to. \"I'm going to have a lie down, so I'll speak to you later\" Evanora said to her sister who picked up the hint instantly and began to make her way back to the huge doors. \"Okay. By the way I haven't seen Theodora since this morning. Do you have any idea where she is?\" She asked curiously and Evanora just pointed towards the clouded ball on the table top. She hurried over to it and tapped it three times and in doing this the clouds cleared and she could see her sister collecting some wood to build a fire. \"She's with the Wizard then… I'm going to head out and escort them home at daybreak. It's dangerous out there with Glinda and her baboons. I'm not needed here for anything am I?\" She asked and Evanora shook her head. \"It's fine. Just make sure they both arrive in one piece, I'll make sure everyone is ready for his arrival tomorrow, he'll get the welcoming he deserves\" The older witch smiled devilishly and her sister just smiled back at her before exiting. Just before she left though she turned at the sound of Evanora's voice beckoning for her once more. \"Be careful sister…\" She said trying to keep the affection out of her voice but failing. Sure she had no qualms killing her father, he was passed his prime and made her like this; but the only love that she had left in her body was all for her sisters and she genuinely cared for them, no matter how twisted her view on love had become. Leahmora smiled at her kindly and then shut the door behind her gently. She waited until she could hear her footsteps disappear down the stairs and let out a sigh of relief before heading back over towards the glass ball. Tapping it the image cleared once more and she slumped down into the chair, eyes glued to scenes before her. And she couldn't believe what she was seeing. He was presenting her with a small box, with two figurines inside. Her sister's face was telling her everything she needed to know. She was already falling for this man, she was completely sucked in by him. If this wasn't what Evanora had wanted she would have mocked her sister for being such an imbecile. She was smitten, it was written all over her face. Eyes wide with wonder and glued to him and him alone. It turned her stomach at her naivety. She always knew of how gullible Theodora always was, she was still very childlike with her views of life even though she was a young woman now. But still, things were slowly falling into place. Suck him into her lies, and then all she had to do was end him and the throne would be well and truly hers. A smug smirk worked its way onto Evanora's face. Everything was turning out better than she could have dreamed. But still she couldn't help but feel the slight swell of guilt, mercy and love inside of her and she hated it. That apple hadn't done what it's promises had whispered to her. Yes it was going as she hoped, but far too slowly for her liking. She couldn't afford to feel these things, not now, not ever again. But another small part of her, a part of the person she used to be that was still somewhere inside of her was screaming out because of the madness of it all, telling her to stop what she's doing. To give up and just continue doing what she once did, advise. But she crushed those thoughts instantly, kept them at bay with the thought of all she had done to get to this point. No . She didn't think anything could help her now, no magic; no illusions, she was far too gone to be reigned back in. And she didn't even want be helped. She'd made her choice. So first chapter is up. Evanora was definitely my favourite character in the film, and Rachel Weisz single handedly kept that film afloat. She played her with enough villainy panache but had that restraint to pull it back and truly make something out of some poor dialogue. I found that if you squint she's a character you can sympathize with, and honestly thought she was doing the right thing. But as well as that I have a feeling that the film could have gone a whole other direction, and she could have perhaps have the opportunity to seek some redemption for her past crimes, and help Oz and Glinda to defeat the monster she'd created in her sister. So this is where this fic has stemmed from, I'm turning the film on it's head and giving it a little shake up. Also I've incorporated a new character, another sister for our Wicked Witches simply because if there was another around Evanora, pulling her loyalties in two different ways. Theodora was manipulated ridiculously easy and it peeved me slightly, so if she had someone there she couldn't control; someone she truly respected, someone who had the power to pull her back and make her see exactly what she was doing I do believe things could have gone hell of a lot differently. Plus during the film, once Theodora had turned she seemed to take control, and Evanora seemed quite scared of who her sister had become, how brutal she was etc. So bear with me guys, if you like it then let me know lovelies. I'll stress to you now, Leahmora isn't a primary character. This is centered on Evanora and she's only there to aid in the process of Evanora's development as I believe Raimi could have done so much more with her character; even though his interpretation of Baum's Oz was fabulous. She'll have a big role to play in the first few chapters but once Evanora truly comes around it'll be an AU on her alone. I hope it isn't me who thinks Weisz is fantastic in all she does, she's one of the most underrated British actresses of this generation; even though she's won an Oscar for 'The Constant Gardener'. I recommend all to check it out if you haven't seen it. Apologies for the long Authors note, I just want you to understand the jist of this fic before any flames pop up and want you all to enjoy the experience; as much as I'm enjoying writing it. Peace out. Gwen![Chapter 2] You guys are absolutely killing me. Thanks for the reviews and for the love you're all giving me, and I'm inredibly humbled by it all. I'm writing this for you guys, and I really do hope you're loving reading it as much as I am writing it. Loving the Rachel Weisz love here guys. I'm so glad there are other's who appreciate her talents as an actress!. Here's a few responses for ya'll. Sakura Lisel - I'm glad another agrees with me. That's one of the primary reasons I started doing this story; she was dubbed cruel and evil for what she had done when really the only person she had killed was the King. She never wanted to kill the people, just scare them into submission where-as Theodora wanted blood. Hope this chapter appeases you my friend!. Jarjaxle - Glad you like it! Yep; I believe that she deserves as much as a chance as Theodora did. Enjoy! MeGustaLeer - Yes. I found her increidbly interesting so decided to delve into her more and really give her a story!. Enjoy the chapter! JarethLoki - Thanks for the kind words. I know she was my favourite too, by a country mile! Also I'm glad you like her too, she's more of a moral compass in this story more than anything; and who better to tap into Evanora's human emotions that another human being. Enjoy! BehindTheMask4319068 - Aww Thank you so much!. Exactly; we never learnt why she killed the King or was the way she had become. There was no history there, only that she wanted the Kingdom. So that's why I found the space for this story, to try and clear up a few things and give her some real depth. She seemed like she'd been repressed in so many aspects that it had made her so cold. Plus Theodora basically hinted that Witches weren't exactly the most popular of people in Oz. Thanks for the review once again and do keep giving your views. Hope you like this one!. SkullGaudess - Aww thank you. I'm glad you like it and I love you too for reviewing!. I noticed that there aren't many fics on here about her either, which frankly baffles me because as you said she was such a complex and already layered character compared to the others. And she's a character you can really sink your teeth into and make something bigger and better with. And hey everyone deserves a chance to be redeemed some way or another. Thanks for the very kind review and I really do hope you like this story, your support is incredibly appreciated. Enjoy lovely! So... Without further ado... An extra long one is here for you all to sink your teeth into. Enjoy!. Leahmora strolled around her chambers, leather shoes clicking noisily. Grabbing her cloak she slipped it around the back of her shoulders, tying it securely over one shoulder. She had a rough estimation of where Theodora was about now and even though she was capable of taking care of herself, and was in the company of the Wizard she still wanted the reassurance of her little sisters safety. Looking at herself in the mirror she made sure she had the correct attire on. Grey- almost metallic silver breeches with a crisp white fitted shirt tucked into the trousers which hugged her in all the right places. Her long dark hair was in light waves and fell down past breasts almost reaching her navel. She had a light covering of powder to make herself more presentable. Reorganizing her silver and blue cloak once again she spun around and pushed open the large window taking in the beautiful day that it was. The sun was bright, the air was crisp and fresh and she sucked a lungful of air. She'd already organized for a carriage to collect her sister and the Wizard from just outside of the City gates. Climbing up onto the sill she quickly stepped off the other edge and allowed herself to plummet downwards, the green from the palace and glinting in her eyes. Finally her descent stopped and she began to fly upwards this time at a steady pace. She loved days like this. Just flying through the air, on a beautiful day. She felt free and at one with everything around her and soaked up the energy it gave her. Usually it would give her a peaceful feeling but she couldn't shake her worries. Not now. She was still sure something else was going on with Evanora. She hadn't seen the woman like this ever. So shifty and quiet, like she was hiding something dark. And she could feel it. She could feel the cold darkness that seemed to resonate off of her constantly these days. She floated along trying to rid herself of her worries. But when it came to her sister she couldn't do it. When it came to either of them. They were all she had left and they had always looked after each other in some form. And that's why her mind was doing a thousand thoughts a second, something big was happening, happening to them and she could feel it right to her very core. She'd been flying now for at least half an hour, following the yellow brick road and scanning it for her sister and finally it seemed as if she had found her. There walking down the yellow brick road were two figures strolling along lazily. She descended towards the ground, her shadow getting larger and larger. \"Sister!\" Theodora's loud happy cry filled her ears as she neared and she hurried forwards to greet her as she landed. Gracefully she landed, bending her knees slightly to soften the jerk of her knee. As soon as she stood up straight the felt a pair of arms around her, cheering excitedly. She laughed lightly; the girls enthusiasm overwhelming her and gave her a brief hug back. \"Leah I have someone you should meet\" She said pulling back from her sister and grabbing a hold of her companions hand tugging him towards her older sibling. \"This is Oscar Diggs, or Oz; he prefers Oz.\" She smiled proudly her hand still in his. Even though she had seen him through the looking glass, she couldn't appreciate how handsome he was until she saw him now. He smiled broadly at her; eyes alight with a lust she had seen many people give her and her sisters. He pulled his hand from Theodora and Leah could see the flash of hurt that washed across her sister's face at the action. \"A pleasure to meet a beauty such as yourself\" He said voice filled with charm as he kissed the back of her hand gently. She could instantly feel his constant lusting; so he was a sucker for a pretty face. Her eyes went to Theodora who was moving from foot to foot, getting agitated at the amount of attention he seemed to be giving her and so pulled her hand away from the man who's eyes were wandering far too much for their own good. \"I don't know your name?\" He questioned looking at her and she gave him a courteous smile. \"I'm Leahmora the brave, Theo's older sister\" She said making sure to be polite. She wasn't getting good vibes from off of him. He seemed selfish, bitter, self-absorbed and quite the liar… But there was something else there. Like a small golden thread which oozed goodness; it was just waiting to get plucked out of him. It was too early to tell yet, and she'd allow Evanora to have her say first before coming to any conclusions. But from her preliminary assessment he at least deserved a chance. \"It's an honour to meet you Wizard\" She said taking a leaf out of her sister's book and just playing along for now. His face lit up once more; the comment obviously going to his head and she just rolled her eyes. Typical males. \"Likewise\" He smirked not looking from the girl. Again she could literally feel her siblings discomfort and stepped away from the man and slung a lazy arm around her sister, the action instantly reassuring the tense girl. \"Evanora is waiting for our return, a carriage will pick you up just outside of the City gates. So I've come to escort you down there. This place is dangerous these days\" Leah spoke up and Theodora nodded in agreement. \"We've already had a run in with Glinda's baboons\" Theodora grumbled lightly but her face lit up once again as she continued. \"But Oz scared them away with some of his magic, it was amazing\" She crooned her hand grasping at his arm and linking it with his. Leah raised an eyebrow at the action and could feel the discomfort coming of the Wizard in waves. Interesting. \"So you are a Wizard then?\" She questioned looking at the man who gave a flirty smile towards her. \"I think I'm your man. Those things shouldn't bother us again\" He spoke up almost arrogantly; straightening his back making himself look bigger than before. She just nodded her head and continued alongside of them but it was only when the faint dragging sound behind her reached her ears did she notice a small monkey with some wings trailing behind them, dragging a case which looked far too heavy for the poor creature. She fell back and stopped in front of the animal a smile gracing her face. \"Here, allow me\" She said taking the bag from him and lifting it into her own hands. He smiled at her and bowed before attempting to take the bag back from her. \"It's fine, I don't mind carrying it. You shouldn't have to, it's my job\" He said bashfully but she clicked her tongue and shook her head at him. \"It's fine I assure you. You look tired anyway, I promise to give it back to you soon; just take the respite\" She said kindly but firmly showing that there was no room left for argument. He nodded in embarrassment before plodding onwards, relieved at no longer having the weight to heave around with him. \"So are you the one who chased this witch out of the City and is protecting the throne?\" Oz asked not even sparing a look at Theodora who looked tense and uncomfortable. She'd always been in the shadows of her sisters. In the shadow of Glinda's beauty, in the shadow of Leahmora's strength and in the shadow of Evanora's intelligence. Finally someone had taken an interest in her; and once again it was stolen, unintentionally by her sibling. \"No\" She said shaking her head back and forth. \"That's our eldest sister, Evanora. She chased her out of the Emerald City, I helped but she did the majority of it\" Leahmora answered honestly as she remembered that fateful day. When it all came to light. Glinda's treachery. When Evanora unmasked the blonde, who pleaded her innocence. The fight that had broken out amongst the three which ended with herself on the receiving end of a stinging spell by Glinda and Evanora launching herself through the halls of the castle; pursuing her relentlessly. \"And you're all witches?\" He continued to ask wanting to know more about what exactly he was getting himself into. \"Yes we are, I'm sure Theo has told you what happened?\" She replied trying to figure the man out early. He was inquisitive. He nodded. \"That your father; the king was murdered, by another of your sisters?\" He said hoping that's what she was referring to. He breathed in relief when she nodded, confirming Theodora's words. \"You've done well sister\" Leah smiled and squeezed the younger girl once again. She could see that she was clearly intimidated by her right now, and she'd formed some kind of bond, some kind of attraction with Oz and felt that she was intruding. She needed to show her that she wasn't a threat and had no intention of falling for the man's obvious charms. Tugging her back slightly she allowed the monkey and Oz to walk ahead giving them a small amount of space to speak quietly. \"I see you and Oscar are getting on well?\" She asked softly holding her sisters arm in her own. The girls face lit up and a radiant smile came to her lips. \"Oh 'Mora he's brilliant. He's clever and he can do all this amazing stuff. He saved us from the monkeys, he rescued Finley here\" She said pointing to the bellhop dressed monkey who strolled beside the supposed Wizard. \"And we danced around a fire, and then he kissed me and made me feel things I've never felt before… And I'm going to be his Queen\" She was practically bursting at the seams and Leahmora blanched at her words. She could see the girl was attracted to the man, but she had fallen for him hook, line and sinker. And she'd gotten it in her head that she would be his Queen. She couldn't believe that Theodora actually believed that. She wished she could tell her that it's a lie, that's she's just a bit of a fleeting fancy in his eyes; that was obvious by the eyes he had been giving her since they had arrived. And she couldn't help but pity the pretty youngster; who's innocence had completely clouded her judgement on what was happening right in front of her, and Leahmora didn't have the heart to tell her that it was all an illusion, that nothing would come to fruition of her infatuation with the foreign man. \"Really?. You're taken with him them?\" She pressed again her arm still linked with her shorter sisters. \"I truly believe he's the great man we've been waiting for. The one who can succeed father, and make Oz brilliant once again\" Theodora spoke conviction lacing her voice. She'd already put her undying faith in the man who had yet to prove himself, and that was her first mistake. \"So you don't believe Evanora can do the same?\" Leah asked honestly trying to piece together where her sister's head was at. \"I'm not saying that. I love Evanora with all my heart and she's done a brilliant job protecting the throne and the City since father died… But we need something more. We need the Wizard, Father's prophecies have always come true and Oz is in a very dark place at the moment. We need him to drag us out of it\" Theodora replied looking at her sister trying to read her expression but as usual that impassive mask was on, not giving away anything. \"I can see what you're saying Theo… But don't put all your eggs in one basket just yet. He still has a lot to do if he's to convince Evanora and myself that he is the one\" Leahmora warned her trying to give her a slight reality check but the words seemed to just fly over her head. \"He is the great wizard we've been waiting for. He has to be…\" She trailed off as her thoughts lingered on the man just ahead of her. She just knew he was, he'd be the King and she would be his Queen and they could bring peace to the land of Oz. Finally some peace. Leah just nodded not knowing what to say back to her. She seemed to have her heart set on Oz being the one to solve all their problems. And again she didn't have the courage to tell her sister how naïve she was being, she couldn't stand there and break her heart. She just couldn't. Theodora would just have to learn herself. The two fell into a silence after that and Theodora left her side and walked alongside Oscar once again, her arm grabbing a hold of his a little too tightly. Leahmora just shook her head and adjusted her flowing cape once more; ignoring the looks Oscar was giving her as he tried to make conversation only for the younger witch to answer the questions directed at her sister. And that's how they continued the three walking along the yellow brick road. But that peaceful stroll was cut short as a sharp and piercing cry echoed out around them. The sound was all too common for the two witches who instantly ushered the Wizard to shelter beneath one of the trees, little Finley jumping onto the man's back in fright. \"They're persistent things I'll give them that\" Leahmora growled as she flexed her hand out by her side ready to strike out if possible. Their cries were getting louder and louder and Leah stepped out from beneath the tree Theodora about to do the same but her sister's firm hand pushing her back beneath the large tree stopped her movements. \"What are you doing?\" Theodora growled at her sister; eyes flashing in anger. She wanted to prove to Oz that she was the Queen for him. That she could wield power and was just as strong as her sisters. As strong as Glinda. \"You're powers only work well enough when they correspond with your emotions. When you're upset or worked up and you're neither right now. Therefore you'll only hamper my efforts to scare them off\" She spoke firmly watching as the creatures figures in the air got closer to them. She hadn't meant to sound so harsh, but the general and need to protect her family over took anything else she had to say. Her sister huffed in annoyance as her anger began to build. How dare she tell me that? The girl seethed inwardly and Leah could feel the anger radiating off of her sister, something she had almost never felt come from the girl in her life. \"If they go near him, shout to me\" She said pointing to Oscar and Theodora stepped in front of him beneath the tree, acting as a barrier. Leahmora allowed the first sparks of blue lightning dance between her fingertips, rolling it around effortlessly. She was so focused on the three that were flying towards her that she failed to notice the stray one which was coming behind her. \"Look out!\" Finley yelled being the first to notice. She turned just in time to throw out her hand and shoot the blinding blue beam straight into the first monkey. He barrelled past her, screaming in pain and thudded to the ground in a large heap. Spinning on her heels she jumped into the air gliding up into the sky and bracing herself for the other three. With a loud screech the three broke apart and dived downwards toward the tree where Oz was hiding. Throwing her hand out the blue lightning caught one of the monkey's causing him too to fall out of the air. She flew towards them and one was just about to fly straight into Theodora and Oz when it bounced off an invisible barrier loudly; another pained screech filling her ears. Taking a quick look she could see Theodora's hand outstretched and sent her a proud smile at her efforts. The force of the monkey hitting the barrier though seemed to shatter it completely and she knew it would take Theodora another few minutes to gain the strength to muster it. She had to say she was impressed by her sister's feat, being as inexperienced with magic as she was. The final one though was much more agile and continuously avoided her shots. She growled in frustration as the thing flew up into air ready to launch another attack on the Wizard and his companions. She watched as he began his descent barrelling towards them and this time there was nothing to stop him from tearing the two to pieces. Flying at full speed she covered the ground she had lost and intercepted him only metres from their position. Her body slammed into the creatures and her momentum sent the two veering diagonally to the ground. She bit her lip to hide the cry of pain as it's claws dug into the flesh of her shoulder and waist, ripping the tender skin angrily. Sucking in all of the energy she had she forced out the lightning from her hands straight into the creature. As soon as the current ran through him, the thing went completely limp and the two fell out of the air hitting the yellow brick road with a noisy crash. She could hear the loud cry of her sister and noisy footsteps as she pushed herself painfully up onto her knees. \"Sister are you alright?\" Theodora shouted worriedly running over to her at a breakneck speed. Leah shook her head, clearing the haziness from her mind as she slowly got up to her feet, hand gripping the wound on her waist tightly. \"Are you okay? You're not hurt badly are you?\" Oscar asked and for the first time since he had arrived in Oz he had said something he had meant. \"I'm okay, just need to catch my breath that's all\" She reassured rolling her shoulder around to ease the throb. Touching the wound on her waist she winced lightly. It seemed to be the one that hurt her more than anything. Pulling her hand back from her waist she could feel the hot liquid on the tips of her forefingers. \"Let me see!\" Theodora demanded and pushed her hands out of the way allowing her to inspect the wounds. The scratch on her shoulder was only small and was only bruising due to the impact with the ground. Leahmora rolled up the hem of her white shirt which had blood smearing across it and there on the pale skin of her stomach was a nasty deep looking cut which blood oozed out of freely. Theodora's fingers brushed across it and Leah swatted the girls hand away and dropped her shirt back down. \"I'm fine 'Dora. It's just a scratch, I've suffered much worse cuts than that before\" She said with a slight smile trying to reassure the girl that she was truly okay. Sure the wound stung a bit but she knew it was nothing serious and would heal in a few days. \"That was amazing. You're amazing. Where did you learn to do that?\" Oz asked in wonder. Things here were just getting weirder and weirder. He couldn't help but feel a sense of gratitude towards the two women, who with only knowing him for a short period of time, put themselves on the line to protect him. More than anyone had ever done. \"I'm a witch. It's what witches do\" She said rolling her eyes and scoffing at his words. Straightening her cloak out once again, which thankfully had avoided getting any blood on it and was good to cover her bloodstained top she began to walk forward the others just watching her. \"Well come on. We're not far from the City now!\" She said and obediently they all followed her, two of the three feeling far more safer now. \"Thank you!\" Oz called out to her and she turned to look at him, giving a small smile and a nod. \"I was under strict orders from Evanora to make sure you got to the City safely\" She laughed lightly and Theodora joined her in it, knowing what her sister was like. \"You'll understand why I didn't disobey her when you meet her!\". And so finally the foursome continued on undisturbed. Finally there on the horizon Oz finally got his first true glimpse of the wonder that was the Emerald City. Evanora watched the scene play out through the ball, teeth gritted in anger and nervousness. She'd given the monkey's strict orders that no harm was to come to either of her sisters, yet one of them had decided to claw at Leahmora. She was thankful to see that she seemed rather unscathed with only some minor cuts. Knowing that her sister was fine though was soon replaced with a burning rage at her. She should have known that she'd take on the monkey's, as she had done so on many occasions. She should have known that she'd take her advice on getting them to the city safely, doing whatever it takes fulfil her orders simply due to her loyalty to her. She was a double edged sword her sister, and she was getting closer and closer to her neck with every attempt. Rubbing her head wearily she looked away from the ball unable to look anymore. She knew that when all was revealed it could go either way. She'd either stand by her due to her intense loyalty or she wouldn't be able to deal with the betrayal. And she had an inkling which option she would take. The thought sent a sharp pain in her black heart. If she was to oppose her she was sure that she wouldn't be able to strike her down, as she would have to do with Glinda. Their relationship was so different to that of others. With a pained sigh she stood up and looked out of her window. The longer she kept this campaign up, the harder it was getting. The more people and towns she destroyed the more that it seemed to seem so pointless. A vendetta born out of rage and hurt. Deep down she knew it wouldn't end well, for anyone. But it was buried so deep that she couldn't access it, couldn't veer off of this course of self destruction. Grabbing a nearby vase she threw it at the green walls of her room a loud and angry roar leaving her mouth, the glass shattering into tiny fragments which scattered along the ground clumsily. Everything was going wrong. It should have been easier, simpler. She should have just been given the throne, then she would have brought peace to Oz, she wouldn't have had to wage this chaos upon the people she'd always protected since she was a young girl. But no… She wasn't deemed worthy… All because she was a female witch. Her outburst of aggression had drained her, she hadn't shown that much emotion for such a long time that she felt her knees go weak with it all, as if everything she had done and was doing was pressing down on her shoulders. Why was she feeling this all of a sudden?. The guilt and the hurt, it had come from nowhere. But the urge to be Queen was too strong and out-weighed those feelings, ousting them from her mind once again. Berating herself for her lack of self control she brushed herself off and placed on her steely façade. No, those emotions were irrelevant. She had to do this, there was no going back now and it didn't matter who stood in her way. And this time she ignored the slight tug of the foreign organ that was nestled in her chest. The hours had passed and Evanora had yet to move from her chambers. In the time she had been sat there she had decided what her next move would be. She'd seen enough and gathered information on how to turn Theodora against this Oscar Diggs. She'd seen his wandering eye and her sister's admiration of him which turned Evanora's stomach; but it was those emotions that would push Theodora straight into her waiting and comforting arms. There was no way that idiot was the Wizard. It was impossible. He was far from great, far from noble. But Theodora believed him to be, and whether he was or wasn't then he was the perfect catalyst to recruit her sister to her side. The loud sound of the ceremonial trumpets hit her ears. They had arrived. The foursome made their way up through the winding steps of the main tower. As much as she hated to admit it Leahmora was in more pain than she cared to let on. Her side throbbed angrily with every movement and the dried blood kept cracking and causing more blood to leave the wound. She was glad that her sister hadn't enquired anything more about the wound otherwise she would have a fit if she'd seen how nasty it had become. \"So this is my Castle? This is where I'll rule from?\" Oz said in wonder taking everything around him in. It was his. It was all his. \"If you are the true Wizard then yes\" Leahmora said pessimistically sending him a quick glance. Theodora sent her a wide eyed look, as if yelling at her that she was wrong and to be quiet but the elder girl ignored it. \"Lucky my favourite colour is green\" He quipped coyly as the continued their ascent. Eventually they made it up into the throne room and Oz was in complete awe as his eyes landed on the red and gold throne. His throne. He walked towards it, breezing past the two witches but stopped when the sound of doors opening above them hit his ears. Craning his neck upwards he could make out a tall, lithe silhouette making their way around to the stairs that circled the throne room. \"Sisters; I see you've arrived back\" She said from the top of the stairs holding her dress up slightly to stop herself from tripping over the long train. Her eyes fell onto the man who was stood between them and cringed inwardly at the leering look he gave her. \"Is this him? Is this the Wizard?\" She asked forcing the hopefulness into her voice. Finally she reached the bottom and approached; her movements filled with grace and elegance as she practically glided across the pristine marble flooring. \"I believe I am. My name is Oscar Diggs, though I go by Oz\" He smiled and grasped her hand in his, kissing the back of it flirtatiously. She blushed slightly and looked away from him, playing along with his advances. \"And who may you fetching Lady be?\" He purred towards her, hand still grasping hers. Leah could feel the jealousy rippling off of her younger sister and shuddered at the intensity of it. Then she looked at Evanora who looked slightly flustered at the man's advances, surely she hadn't been roped in as well. Never in a million years would she fall for those type of charms. \"You are too kind. I'm Evanora, I've been watching over your throne personally Great Wizard, and I am here to serve you\" She spoke up and his eyes danced in excitement. \"Well I can't thank you enough\" He smiled kissing her hand once again before walking past her towards the throne. \"Can I?\" He said looking at them. Theodora nodded eagerly whilst Evanora looked much more reluctant. Before anyone in the room could speak he sprawled across it, picking up the sceptre and swinging it around cockily. Evanora watched him and forced the distaste off of her face, she couldn't show him her true feelings, otherwise it would have all been for nothing. He lounged back on the throne, swinging his legs up over the side and she wanted to strike him there and then. But no… That wasn't the plan and she would not stray off of it. \"Knuck!\" Evanora bellowed loudly unable to look at the man who was rudely jumping over her throne. The tiny man entered, cane in his hand and bowed towards the three sisters. \"Can you take Oscar here to his chambers, also I'll come to collect you shortly and take you on a tour of the palace\" Evanora smiled charmingly and he stood to full height walking over to the woman. \"I look forward to it\" He beamed before following the short man out of the throne room. The door shut behind them and instantly Evanora's face dropped to one of disbelief. Leah stood at the side of the room watching both of her sisters. Oh she knew what was coming. \"Isn't he wonderful!\" Theodora grinned happily hands clasped in front of her. \"Didn't I say he would come!\". Evanora rounded on her sister her face masked with shock horror. \"You dare escort that… that oaf in here. And allow him to climb on the hallowed throne\" She said in complete disbelief of her sister's antics. \"She does have a point there Theodora\" Leah interjected as she leaned back against the green wall, one hand still gingerly touching her side. She was used to being a mediator between the two when things got rough. Theodora sent her a harsh glance and completely ignored her comment and began to walk towards Evanora. \"And why not? He is the Wizard\" Theodora pleaded and Evanora just scoffed and placed her hands on her hips looking away from her sister. \"The Wizard\" She spoke sarcastically and looked back towards the younger girl. \"Or so he says… Did it not occur to you that he may be an imposter, in league with the wicked witch and sent here to kill us\" She groaned getting completely immersed in the act. \"The wicked witch. Don't be ridiculous Evanora\" Theodora begged. Everything her sister did concerned Glinda these days and she was worried by how much it was taking over her sisters thoughts. \"Oh I'm not the one underestimating her cleverness\" She growled turning on her heel and walking away from Theodora who looked exasperated. Both sent a look at the middle sister who stayed quiet, not willing to input just yet until something relevant came up. Evanora came to a stop and a low sigh escaped her lips before she turned back around to look at the girl clad in red. \"Or maybe it's you I'm underestimating…\" She said her tone strained as shock overcame her once more. \"Have you finally joined her side sister?\". Theodora looked at her, eyes wide and filled with horror at the insinuation. \"That is too far Evanora, how could you think she could ever betray us like that!\" Leah said stepping forward, keeping her voice natural as to not seem as if she was berating only one. She could understand why maybe there was some suspicion there, information was being leaked to Glinda; by someone from the palace. But there was no way it was Theodora and she shouldn't have said such a thing to the sensitive young girl. Theodora sent her a grateful smile before approaching her sister. \"I am on no one's side, I simply want peace that's all I want. The Wizard can do that, he's a good man\" She pleaded and Evanora couldn't believe how much the girl truly believed that. \"What do you know about goodness?\" Evanora spoke her voice firm. Leah felt the atmosphere turn all of a sudden and a steaming rage began to exude from the youngest of the trio. \"Deep down you are wicked\" Evanora smirked trying to evoke what she knew was in her sister, she just needed a small push to get it out of her. Theodora's beautiful face turned dark and her hand came up, clenched and shaking. \"I AM NOT WICKED!\" She yelled in her sister's face and threw her hand out. As she did a red fireball burst from her palm and flew across the throne room, exploding the marble vase which adorned one side of it. Leahmora jumped slightly at the sound and had to step back to avoid the shattering marble. She looked at Evanora who didn't seem at all worried about the outburst. Theodora seemed surprised at her own actions as she stared at her hand. \"That temper really is wasted on you isn't it?\" She taunted coolly and with her words Theodora stamped her foot and stormed out of the room leaving only the eldest two to comprehend exactly what had happened. \"Was there any need to provoke her like that?\" Leahmora sighed walking over to Evanora who was stood there, hands still on her hips. \"It isn't my fault that she's too mesmerized by this man to see any kind of reason\" Evanora replied simply heading towards the stairs, back towards her chambers. \"She can't help it. She's still young sister, she still has a lot to learn\" Leah spoke up and Evanora stopped to look at her. \"I understand that 'Mora. Honestly I do, but for all we know he could be anyone. And I am not willing to risk that throne falling into the wrong hands… Not after I've done so much to protect it\" She replied not talking only to her sister but also to herself. \"I know what you're saying. But please have a little more patience with her will you?\" Leahmora asked her voice softening. There had been enough confrontation for one day, and all she wanted to do now was rest and get cleaned up. Evanora nodded and was about to take off once again when her eyes caught sight of her sisters hand which was tinged with red. \"What's that?\" She said pointing towards it and Leah slipped her hand back beneath the cloak. \"Oh it's nothing, don't worry\" She smiled falsely but Evanora stormed over to her quickly. In one quick movement her cloak was thrown out of the way and her sister's gasp echoed in her ears. \"Don't lie to me. That doesn't look like nothing\" She spoke up inspecting the left hand side of the white shirt which was covered in blood. She thought her monkey's hadn't done that much damage and anger swelled in the pit of her stomach. She'd have to teach them a lesson. \"It's fine. It just stings a bit that all, I'll put some ointment on it and it'll be healed in no time\" She reassured but Evanora had a dark look across her features as she prodded at the wound slowly. \"What happened?\" She asked her; even though she knew full well what had gone down her sister didn't know that. \"Glinda's nasty little henchman attacked us. I managed to subdue most of them but one of the things was incredibly persistent. He was going to take out Theo and Oz, so I caught him mid air and got into a bit of a scrape with him\" She shrugged and Evanora grabbed a hold of her sisters arms and led her up the stairs to her chambers and Leah was too tired to refuse her. \"Your recklessness is going to get you killed one day, you do realise that don't you?\" Evanora said as she sat the girl down on the edge of her bed and went to fetch some water and a rag from the other room. \"You need to start thinking before you act 'Mora, you're not immortal\" She said loudly from the other room. \"I made a promise since I was young to protect these people. Their life has far more value than my own and you know I would do anything to help them. And it wasn't just anyone they were trying to attack earlier, it was Theodora and I was not going to stand by and let that happen!\" She replied firmly watching as her older sister perched herself down next to her and lifted up the top gently. \"I know that, but you need to plan things out more. Surely there was an easier way to have stopped the creature. Instead of flying straight into it's path like an idiot\" She scolded and dabbed at the wound slowly being careful not to hurt the girl. \"I'm not an idiot\" She laughed lightly. \"It was the first thing I could think of\" She defended and Evanora just rolled her eyes at her. \"Enough said. If the first thing you think of when under attack is to use your actual body and not your abilities then there's something wrong up there\" Evanora said lightly a small laugh following out her words as she tapped her sister's head. \"Well it worked didn't it?\" She countered hiding the slight wince as a little too much pressure was applied to the cut accidentally. \"Yes it did. But you got lucky and could have gotten yourself killed!\" Evanora scolded once more as she continued to clean up the angry gash. \"But I didn't did I?\" Leahmora laughed lightly getting an agitated glare from her sister. She knew how much her decisions wound her up and she honestly didn't do it intentionally; it was just the way she was. \"You're running out of lives Leah, just please be more careful in the future\" Evanora asked sincerely and Leahmora just nodded her head at her. She couldn't tell her vocally that she would, because she knew she wouldn't be. It wasn't in her nature to act rationally, not when it came to conflict. A silence descended across them as the eldest continued to tend to her sister. Evanora's stomach was doing flips as she washed away the blood, blood that physically and mentally covered her hands. Guilt swam through her veins as she looked at the injuries that she had inflicted on the woman, unintentionally and unknowingly; but still due to her actions. She sent them after them all. And even though she hardly felt a thing whilst poisoning her father, the pain she felt at the thought of causing her sister's death was almost unbearable. The thought of being the demise of Theo and Leah stabbed at her cold heart causing unexplainable emotions to course through her. It made her question everything she was doing once again. Was that throne worth the only family she had left?. Was it worth losing everything for just one thing?. If Theodora took her side, it would be out of hurt for Oz not choosing her. But Leah wouldn't stand by her on this. As much as she knew her sister loved her, she also knew that she had a strong moral standing on this type of thing. She'd die to protect the people, which means she would have to die through fighting her. The thought sent a shudder through her, one which didn't go unnoticed by her raven haired companion though she didn't comment on it. \"Remember when you always had to do this when we were younger. It was always left to you to fix us up when any of us had a scrape\" Leah questioned and the thought brought a small nostalgic smile to Evanora's face. \"How could I forget\" She laughed lightly as she began to dress the now cleaned cut. \"At least once a week I'd have to sort you all out\". Her mind wandered back to those young care free days. When there was no inner feuding, no resentment towards their father. Just fun and laughter and happiness. Happiness?. The one emotion she hadn't felt in years, it was so lost to her that she couldn't even remember what it was. Shaking her head she finished treating the wound and placed the bowl to one side. \"All done!\" She spoke up and Leahmora got to her feet, her side instantly feeling better than it had a few minutes ago. \"Thank you Evanora\" Leah said sweetly and squeezed her sisters shoulder affectionately. \"Do you want me to join you on the tour of the palace?\" She enquired and Evanora shook her head. \"No, you rest. It'll help that injury… I'm sure I can handle that man alone\" She smiled and Leah nodded at her before strolling towards the door. \"Good luck\" She smirked playfully at her before descending the stairs towards her own chambers. Evanora didn't move from her spot at the bed as her mind wandered once again. She could feel all the emotions she had buried deep within her trying to force their way to the surface, trying to force her to really reconsider what she was doing. And it hurt. It hurt so much that she couldn't stop the primal scream from leaving her lungs. She doubled over in frustration, hands gripping at the sheets of her huge bed. Her chest ached, her head hurt as the humanity that the apple had all but killed tried to surge itself around her. No. No. No. She couldn't let these emotions take a hold again. She knew what she had to do, damn the consequences. She couldn't let her father get his way. She was going to take that throne, rip it from that imbeciles slippery grasp. And as she thought of that throne it was as if a dam had broken inside of her, and extinguished those thoughts that were betraying her. Standing up to full height, her face was cold and emotionless; showing nothing but impassiveness. She would be Queen. So another one down. This was a long one guys, but I hope it was worth it and you're still interested. I wanted to flesh Evanora out a bit more, to bring some humanity to her; to explore her past and her motives, to give her some redeeming qualities. I honestly believe she was the most interesting character in the film, and hey everyone deserves a chance to be redeemed. Theodora was offered it so why shouldn't Evanora. So I hope you're all enjoying reading this as much as I am writing it friends. Until next time, Gwen.[Chapter 3] A big thanks to the reviewers of the last chapter, sorry I haven't been able to get back to everyone. I've been ridiculously busy with work a fluxating shifts but hopefully these won't be as sporadic as recently. Darkness had taken over the Emerald City as night befell the Kingdom. The entire palace was in silence as everyone slept. All but one lone figure who sat in her chambers gazing out of the window. So the Wizard was about to leave. Leave to kill Glinda. She'd done what she had planned out and the man had lapped up her every word. Sure she felt guilty that she had warned him away from saying goodbye to Theodora before he left but it had to be done, she played a pivotal role now, it all came down to her little sisters decision. After all that had transpired Evanora had tried to sleep, but her deeds of past and present seemed to be determined to throw her off track and so the luxury of slumber was one that she wasn't allowed. All night she had tossed and turned as she was plagued with visions of what she had done, to the villages, to her father. To Glinda. About what she would do to her sisters and to the entirety of Oz. As she stood there gazing down at her Kingdom that guilt that clung to her, like a ball and chain trapped to her leg it swam through her violently, making her physically ache. She cursed the torrid emotions that were playing havoc with her mind, making her question anything and everything. Why?. Why now? Why when she was so close to having everything she had worked so hard for relentlessly the last few months. It was all within her grasp. The throne, the power and the Kingdom. All mere days away yet it seemed that there was some form of humanity left inside of her and it was not going away without a fight. It was scratching her from the inside out, clawing it's way to the fore front of her thoughts knocking everything off kilter. She was renowned as the Ice woman. Renowned for her impassiveness, her coolness and her remarkable leadership skills. Yet that was all falling apart right before her eyes. Her mask was slipping, her calm reverie was deteriorating at a rapid pace and her leadership was being questioned constantly inside her dark mind. It was all tearing at the seams allowing these stray thoughts and emotions to slip out turn her world upside down. And she knew, she could feel that she was losing the conviction in her actions. Losing the fight against herself, losing true belief that what she was doing was right. The revenge filled haze was lifting, making everything become clearer, making her actions become more clear. Evanora exhaled loudly leaning her forehead against the cool glass. This was why she wished she could sleep, to escape the forbidden thoughts and emotions which were ruining everything. But no. When she shut her eyes all she saw was her father, his last words to her, and that cursed apple that had pushed her over the edge. The same one that she was due to use on Theo. That apple had made her see everything. Her father's prejudice against her when she realised he favoured Glinda all due to her looking like their mother, but he couldn't give her what she really wanted, all because she acted exactly like their mother. She was maternal before she took a chunk out of that emerald green apple. Kind and loving and a naturally empathic woman, someone he deemed too empathic and far too kind to rule. When their mother had died she had taken over the role, looking after her siblings and doing everything in her power to protect them from the evils that threatened their land. But she couldn't take it, she couldn't understand his logic. She could do everything he couldn't. Sure he was a great man. Loyal, brilliant and incredibly wise but the loss of their mother had hurt him so badly that he could barely look at Evanora and focused his attention on the youngest two of her siblings. And by Oz it hurt. It had stung her for years. And when he said those words, openly calling her unfit to rule due to her gender and being a witch it was just too much to handle. And when she found that apple, which had been stowed away down in the treasury she was unable to resist the temptation. It beckoned her, almost luring her in. Taunting and teasing her with its knowledge, with its power. The pain she felt as her heart blackened and withered was nothing to the hurt she'd suffered at the hands of her family for years. But now it seemed that her heart was springing back to life slowly. She was truly feeling again and the past hurts as well as the current one of the treacherous organ that was burning her from the inside out pumping guilt and regret through her body. Another frustrated sigh slipped past her lips and she rubbed her head wearily her thoughts becoming too much to handle. She was slipping once again, slipping off the track the apple had offered up for her and instead veering dangerously onto uncharted territory and in her fatigue she couldn't cope with it. Her hands gripped the window pane tightly as her body trembled at the fight within her. At the clashing of rage and remorse. Gazing out she could see thick black smoke rising from over the hill. So her monkeys had done their job. Chinatown had been brought to ruin as had many other of the outlying villages. Her gut churned slightly but she forced it down, forced it away as Evanora had become so accustomed to doing. With a quiet tut to herself she slinked back over to her bed and sat down on the edge of it dropping her heavy head into her hands. It was all too much. Too much feeling. Too much emotion and regret. She hit her pillow angrily before flopping down on it, the fight within her draining her of all she had. She tried to focus on the people who loved her. Leah and Theo. Hoping their pictures in her head would lull her into a happier sleep but even that didn't work. All she could see was Theodora's angered expression and a simmering rage pouring out onto her face and the image jolted her physically. And all she could see of Leah was one filled with hurt and pain she never wanted to inflict on her. Tear tracks soaking her cheeks as she realised who Evanora really was. At these thoughts she squeezed her eyes together tightly and a strange stinging hit her eyes and her heart. She could feel moisture there. She was on the verge of crying. Rubbing them furiously before any could force their way through she buried her head deeper into the soft feathered pillow. Taking deep breaths she blanked out everything, thinking only of a blackness, of the abyss she had jumped into without a second thought. Evanora was sat opposite of her father who's head was buried in parchments and quills, signing this that and everything. She on the other hand was lounging back in her chair a goblet of wine in her hand as she watched him work, her own documents already completed. Noticing her lack of movement he looked up and smirked crookedly. \"Please don't tell me you've already finished them when I'm only half way through my own!\". She nodded at him, a small smile on her own face. \"Surely that doesn't surprise you anymore. You're age seems to be catching up to you Father!\" She sniggered lightly taking a heavy gulp of wine. He narrowed his eyes at her playfully and shook his head at her words. \"I'm not that old yet!\" He replied heartily whilst continuing to scan through the papers. \"But I wouldn't know what to do without you by my side 'Nora. Your aid is invaluable!\" He grinned towards his eldest daughter. Evanora just smiled back at him. She loved how much her father relied on her. Most would crumble under the pressure but not her. She took it all in her stride. She loved feeling needed, feeling wanted. Surely soon he would be telling her who his successor would be, it was a decision he should have made years ago but he still had yet to tell a soul. She was sure that he'd pick her, even through their rough patches nearly every decision he made went through her in some form and she had quite a say across the Kingdom. Finishing off her wine she sucked in a breath and plucked up the courage to say something she had been dying too for a very long time. She needed confirmation, clarification. Even as sure as she was, there was still a small thread within her that had her suspicions. \"Oh I know you wouldn't… Father can I talk to you about something?\" She prodded testing the waters before diving in head first. \"Of course you can. What is it that's troubling you?\" He enquired, dropping the papers down onto the desk and looking at his daughter. Even though he had come to terms with her nature a long time ago, the way she spoke and the way she held herself so much like his late wife it still sent a pang of hurt through him. \"You still haven't named your successor. I'm sorry this is so blunt but I believe you should choose me\" She said and a deafening silence fell around them at her words. Her father's face hardened and he had to look away from her, unable to look upon her just yet. Evanora's thoughts were doing overtime, the silence burning her every atom. Every second he didn't speak the more her insecurities and anger rose higher through her body. Surely not?... Surely he had chosen her?... Or was there another?. \"Aren't you going to say anything?\" She spoke up her voice cutting through the thick silence like a knife. Rubbing his beard anxiously he finally stared at his daughter, his own dark eyes meeting with hers. \"Evanora I haven't decided anything just yet!\" He said softly and a flash of irritation washed over her features. \"You're lying\" She said simply. She could tell he was lying to her. The way his voice was, the way his body tensed up and he hadn't been able to look at her. \"I know you better than anyone Father? What aren't you telling me?\" She said through gritted teeth. She knew now. She knew what his decision was. Her hand unconsciously tightened around the solid gold goblet in her palms. A loud sigh left his lips and he got up from the table, strolling over to the fire place and leaning against it wearily. \"It's not that simple 'Nora. Just leave it alone\" He said firmly. He hadn't wanted this conversation with her just yet. He wasn't ready for it, he didn't think he'd ever be ready to break her heart. \"No…\" She growled out standing up and leaning forward on the table, her nails digging into the wood. \"It's not me is it… You've found another… Is it Leah, Glinda?\" She added on watching him intently and he could literally feel her eyes burning into his back. \"Fine, if you must know it's not you Evanora. I am sorry but it isn't you, it isn't any of you. Glinda isn't a leader anyway and Leah is more of a militant and her energies are needed elsewhere\" He answered turning to look at his daughter. He shuddered as he looked upon her beautiful face. He'd never seen her look so angry and so hurt in his entire life. \"Why not? Can you tell me why? I've done more for this Kingdom than anyone. I've been here at your side for twenty years and I've done everything you have ever asked of me and still it isn't enough!\" She barked out bearing her teeth at him in anguish. \"'Nora it isn't that it isn't enough, and I couldn't have achieved all this without your help… But it isn't your destiny to be on the throne, your role is to guide those who are. I am sorry but that's the truth. I've seen the future and it isn't you sat there!\" He said his voice firm and filled with authority even though there was softness lacing the words. Evanora's blood reached a new level and her face flushed red as her anger swelled outwards all directed at that one man. He didn't see her as an able leader. \"But why? Why aren't I there. Isn't this what you have been preparing me for. Were all these years wasted just for you to achieve greatness and for another to succeed?\" She shouted at him unable to contain herself. \"I'm sorry Evanora. I didn't know you wanted it so much. But I have seen it, and you know when I see something it always comes true. A woman has never sat on the throne of Oz, and isn't destined to for a very long time. As wise as you are, this place cannot prosper under a woman, it needs a man, a truly great man, A wizard and not a witch\" He said to her and almost fell to the ground due to the energy radiating off of her. He'd never felt such an intense influx of raw emotion in a very long time. Steam practically burst from her ears at his words. So it was because she was a woman. And a witch. \"Your prophecy is wrong. I have earned that seat, I have given you blood sweat and tears and this is how you repay me!\" She almost screamed as she flung the goblet across the room. He didn't flinch at the movement. \"Calm yourself Evanora!\" He said putting his hands up in defence as he walked over to her wearily. \"Please just calm yourself!\". He knew she wouldn't be happy with his words, but he hadn't expected her to be this enraged. \"Calm myself. I know exactly why you won't allow me the Throne. Because I remind you of Mother, I'm not stupid Father. You can't bear the thought of a woman being greater than you, it's that ignorance that got her killed\" She screeched out and his own face darkened at her words. \"How dare you speak of her like that. It has nothing to do with your likeness. I didn't choose to see what I did… And I did not kill your mother and if you so much as say anything like that again I will punish you!\" He barked back standing only a foot away from her. \"You wrapped her up in cotton wool. You treated her like she was one of the China dolls and as much as she loved you she wanted to prove to you that she was stronger than that, and in doing so she took a dagger to the chest. Am I really as unworthy as you deemed her to be?\" She spat out but before she could say anything else her father's hand connecting with her cheek. Her entire body recoiled at the hit and heat flooded the side of her face. Instantly her hand went up and nursed the cheek tenderly. Her father seemed to slip out of his rage almost instantly. \"Evanora. I am so very sorry, I didn't mean to do that to you, you know I would never hurt you intentionally!\" He said trying to touch her cheek where his large hand was already imprinting on it. Guilt flooded his stomach as he saw the tears that pooled in her eyes and the hurt expression covered her face. \"You have hurt me enough, without even knowing it… Even without that vision you never intended to have me succeed you did you?\" She said her voice completely neutral. The overload of emotion had left her almost empty. His face dropped almost in anguish and could feel his daughters pain. \"I truly am sorry. I love you with all my heart, but even with your power and intelligence you were too kind to rule, unfortunately you must be ruthless to run a Kingdom, and you haven't ruthless bone in your body. You're kind and have so much compassion that I couldn't bear to put that burden on any of my daughters\" He said and his voice was laced sincerity. But that wasn't enough for her. She didn't want to hear his excuses any more. His pathetic attempts to double back on what had already been said. Even though he hadn't had to say anything at all for her to realise why. \"If we had a brother I can guarantee things would be different. Obviously as women we are not worthy of being your equals\" She let out before walking away from him towards the door. \"Evanora, please wait and let me explain this to you. I'm begging you\" Her father pleaded his arms extended towards her. He felt sick at how much he had truly hurt her, destroyed her. \"I've heard enough\" She said looking over her shoulder her hands clasped on the wood of the door. \"You have no idea of what you've done… I'll show you… I'll show you exactly how much you've underestimated me!\" She spat with distaste before storming out of the room leaving her distraught parent alone his room. Evanora shot up from her bed her brow and body covered in a cold sweat. Her breath was coming out in ragged breaths as the memory that had been plaguing her the past two days sprung up once again. Clearly she could see her Father's old and worn face filled with pain at her words and she could feel the heat still lingering on her cheek. Slowly her hand brushed over the mark which had long faded. That was the day that changed everything. That changed the very fabric of her being. Pain racked her chest as her withered heart pounded furiously. She doubled over as it began to register throughout her body. She'd never felt anything like it. It was as if fire had been injected into the organ and was spreading throughout her like a wildfire. She desperately scratched at her chest praying for the pain to stop but it only seemed to increase. She struggled to breathe and fell off of her bed, lying across her bedroom floor praying for the pain to stop. Finally after what seemed like hours the pain subsided and she lay there breathless. What was happening to her?. She couldn't think straight let alone comprehend what had just happened in those few moments of madness. If only she could see inside of herself truly she'd know that her once shrunken jet black heart had grown in size and had deep red strands running through it. Her humanity was returning, and that apple couldn't stop it as hard as it tried. 0o0o0o0o Theodora was sat on one of the benches in the huge expanding gardens at the back of the palace. Her thoughts were jumping between Oz and his lack of presence this morning to her outburst in front of her sisters last night. She knew it was only a matter of time before she blew, it had been a very long time coming and she was glad that Oz wasn't around to see it otherwise he'd run for the hills. She hadn't heard anyone approach her until a shadow loomed over her small frame. \"May I?\" Leahmora asked pointing to the vacant spot next to her younger sister. Theodora nodded and Leah sat down next to her quietly. \"What's wrong?\" She asked kindly studying her sisters rigid frame. \"Nothing much, I haven't seen Oz this morning and I'm just wondering where he got to?\" Theodora sighed not looking at the older woman. \"Well I haven't seen him either, and I've been up for hours now\" She replied back with a shrug as she stamped the toe of her boot into the grass beneath her feet. \"As usual\" Theodora smiled lightly as she remembered her sister's ridiculous sleeping habits and early wake up calls. Leah sent her a small one back before leaning back against the bench breathing in the warm morning air. Theodora turned her head to look at her sister and exhaled loudly before speaking once more, if anyone could help her make sense of things it would be the raven haired witch. \"Was it wrong what I did?. Last night when I lost my temper?\" She questioned lightly and her sister leaned forward so the two of them were shoulder to shoulder. \"We all lose our tempers Theo, there's only so much you can take and Evanora did push you too far. But you do need to reign yourself in slightly\" She spoke softly and Theodora nodded absorbing her words. \"I had a word with Evanora though, and she acknowledges that she went a little overboard\" Leah lied to her sister. She hadn't wanted to, but she hated the conflict between them and so a little white lie to keep the peace couldn't cause too much harm. \"Evanora apologising?\" She laughed lightly and her sibling joined in too. \"I never said she apologised, just had a think about her actions\" She chuckled back at her younger sibling as she put her slim arm around the girls shoulder, an action that she seemed to do frequently. \"I'll take that… I'm going to go and find Oz, do you want to help me look for him?\" Theodora asked politely hoping her sister would say no. He'd only faun all over her if she did come with them but she didn't want to be rude and show the other's how jealous she was of them. Thankfully Leahmora shook her head side to side. \"Oh no I have far too much to do. I'm going to do a sweep of the city and the bordering villages, a mass plume of smoke has appeared over towards the dark forest so I need to estimate where it is and see if there's any casualties. If the Wicked Witch has destroyed another town…\" She trailed off sadly as she thought of all those who had suffered at Glinda's hands. Theodora sighed sadly at her sister and squeezed her hand lightly. \"Okay, but please be careful out there. You're so reckless sometimes\" The younger girl said sincerely and Leah nodded at her in appreciation and tapped her siblings hand. \"Don't you worry about me. Go on, go and have another look for loverboy\" She chuckled good naturedly and Theo nodded before skipping away back into the Palace. Leah watched her go and shook her head at her sister's actions. She truly had a lot to learn. 0o0o0o0o0o Evanora was sat in her chambers and once again she was focusing deeply on the skrying ball. She'd already sent the Monkeys after him and she was sure that it wouldn't be long until they caught up with Oscar. She watched the man intently and marvelled at how he had fixed a young china doll's legs back together, how he pressed on after that and bravely entered the dark forest and was nearly out of it. Not long now, not long and he would find Glinda and destroy her wand. A smirk came to her mouth as she thought of her sister's demise but at the same time a small shooting pain went through her chest and she rubbed the spot tenderly. Still she couldn't get her mind around what had happened last night. That pain. Evanora was sure she'd never felt anything like it nor would she ever feel anything like it again. A quiet voice was whispering in her mind what had truly happened, what her heart was doing once again but she refused to listen, she drowned it out with her plotting and scheming. Yanking open a draw her eyes were instantly tugged to the glistening emerald apple which sat in the centre of it. Unconsciously her hand pulled it from the desk and she rolled it around in her palms, literally feeling the power and darkness that erupted from the small circular fruit. Ever so slowly she brought it up to her mouth. One more bite and these regrets would be gone, one more bite and she would have the ultimate power that she thought she so desperately wanted. But the closer it got to her lips the more her hand trembled and she could feel the muscles of her arm tighten as they fought the upward movement. Clenching her eyes shut she rested the apple against her plump lips and felt the first strings of darkness begin to enter her veins, begin to wrap their tendrils around her reviving heart. So close. So close. One more movement and she could take a chunk out of the tempting fruit but her jaw was firmly locked in place stopping her from even trying. 'What is happening to me?' She screamed inwardly as her concience did battle with the dark side that still boiled beneath her skin, that stuck to her very core. 'Just bite the damn apple, make this feeling go away and claim that throne' The darker part of her screeched even louder and her hand shook even more. Nearly there, nearly there. The apple felt like it was burning her lips as it tried it's hardest to corrupt her, but without taking a bite it could not take a hold of her, only give her a taster of what it could do. Evanora shuddered as she felt her heart rate slow and those sharp painful tugs returned to her chest. The fight within her was getting more fierce and she almost felt like she had been set alight from the inside. There were so many thoughts running through her head, some taunting her and others motivating her to change who she was. Some telling her that this apple would give her absolute power, that she would prove her father wrong and show him exactly what she could do and then another voice, softer and angelic telling her that she wasn't too late to change but if she took another bite then she would be past the point of return. It happened so quickly she hadn't even known what had occurred. Her body reacted of its own accord as one side began to win the tumultuous battle that raged within every pore. Her hand shot out and the apple was thrown across the room, smashing into the wall and bouncing noisily across the solid flooring. Evanora's eyes widened in shock at her own actions. She had rejected it. She had rejected the power. Her whole body shook with tremors and she placed a hand on her desk to steady herself. The pain in her chest which had been nearly constant since the night before returned sharper than ever and she stifled the groan that was trying to force itself out of her throat. Catching a glimpse of herself in the mirror she couldn't believe the state she'd let herself to get into. Her eyes had dark rings around them and her already pale skin had gone an almost bleached white. And when she truly stared into that mirror she could see what she had become. How weary she was beginning to look, how tired. The stinging in her chest began to subside and she managed to regain her stolen breath. Inhaling and exhaling in a rhythmic matter she regained a level of composure and strolled over to the fruit. Kneeling down she picked it up and it was exactly as it had been when she had thrown it. Perfect, unblemished and completely terrifying. Shaking her tired head she placed it back in her cupboard and shut it tightly making sure to lock it after her. No. She wasn't being weak by rejecting it, she didn't need the apple to win, she could do this without it she defended inwardly though she knew that it was just an excuse. Tapping her ball the first thing she saw was the Wizard. He'd made it through the dark forest and was now crouched down behind a large rock, his two ridiculous companions he had found along the way beside him. But her eyes widened as in the background she could see a tall figure gliding around and without even seeing the face she knew exactly who it was. Goosebumps skirted along her arms and the hair on the back of her neck stood on end. This was it. He'd found her and was going to destroy her once and for all. Excitement peaked within her, her moment of weakness all but banished from her memory as she watched the scene unfold. It felt as if everything was going in slow motion as finally he sprung up from behind the rock and creeped over to an old cart where Glinda's wand was in plain sight. His hand reached out to grab it and she was nearly on the edge of her seat in anticipation. It was in his hands, Glinda's wand, the source of her magic. A smile came to her face, she had done it. She wouldn't need to use the apple ever again. That was her plan B, with Glinda out of the way she could take the throne unopposed. The only thing left now was for the Monkey's to reach Oscar and this would all finally be over. But the bright light of power that would have come out of the wand had it been snapped never came. And instead she watched as the man conversed easily with her Sister, that damn flirtatious smile that he had used on herself and her sisters spreading across his face. Her hand curled into a tight fist and she bit down on her lip so hard she drew blood but she didn't even realise what she'd done, she was too focused on the image before her. And then as quick as that flirty grin had come to his face it was replaced by one of shock and Evanora just knew why his face had dropped. It was written on both of their expressions. Glinda had told him who the Wicked Witch was. Who she was. Her eyes flashed angrily but once again she reigned herself back in stopping her emotions from running amok and causing havoc within her. Stay calm she muttered inwardly her eyes still searching the ball. She couldn't hear what they were saying but it was obvious that she was the topic. Still she couldn't believe it. The imbecile had a brain after all. No bother, looks like that apple will be making another appearance after all she whispered mentally barely holding herself together. She was going to have to sacrifice Theodora's humanity after all. And again that sharp shocking sting rattled around her chest but she kept her face impassive. It had to be done. It was too late. As if on cue her younger sister entered her chambers without even knocking and strolled over to her, face a mix of nervousness and hopefulness. \"Too what do I owe this pleasure?\" Evanora asked simply steeling herself up ready to complete the next part of her quest. She stood and walked over to the cupboard on the otherside of the room where several vials and jars of powders covered it. \"I came to apologise for last night. I shouldn't have lashed out as I did\" Theodora said quietly hands rolling around nervously in front of her. Evanora shrugged and sat on the edge of the cupboard face unreadable. \"It's fine Theodora, I forgave you as soon as you left the room\" She spoke her voice sickly sweet with affection. \"We all get angry from time to time\". Theodora smiled naively at her and hurried forward embracing the older girl tightly. As soon as Evanora felt her sisters arms lock around her she tensed up in shock as her resolve started to crumble once again. She was so innocent, fell for everything that was spoken towards her, didn't question a thing. Breathing outwards loudly she awkwardly patted her sisters back before breaking away, unable to bare holding her with what she'd be doing shortly. \"Uhh Sister I wanted to ask you something?\" Theodora spoke her face a mixture of nervousness and curiosity. \"Have you seen the Wizard today? I can't find him anywhere\" She said and her voice was tinged with worry and sadness. Evanora regained her emotions and began her greatest performance yet. \"Yes, he left this morning to kill the Wicked Witch… Didn't he come to see you before he left?\" Evanora enquired playing her part with ease. Theodora shook her head and worry flooded her face. \"He left… Without saying goodbye… How did you know?\" She enquired curiously her hand gripping a hold of one of the bed posts tightly. \"He came here to my chambers last night once we'd finished the tour of the palace\" She said pulling out a dreamy look onto her face causing her sister to recoil in shock slightly. She noticed the colour draining from her face and pressed forward. Now was her moment. \"We danced for hours… And oh he made me feel things I've never felt before\" Evanora swooned her hand dancing over her heart and she could only watch as her sister crumbled before her eyes. She turned her back on her, not only to recreate that stupid magic box but also to shield her eyes from the meltdown her baby sister was starting to have. Taking a handful of red powder she sprinkled it into her palm and whispered inwardly causing a light brown music box to appear in her grasp. With a shake of her head she plastered on that dreamy look again and turned to stare at her. \"And then he gave me this… Said it belonged to his grandmother and it was very precious to him, and that he wanted to give it to someone special\" She crowed out and a choked sob left her sisters mouth as she crumpled to her knees. \"He gave me the music box too…\" Theodora managed to croak out her eyes glued on the small object in her sister's hand. Evanora opened it and that same soft melody started ringing in her ears almost mocking her, sticking the knife in deeper. Her whole body trembled in anguish with what she was hearing. And then Evanora's face dropped and she tapped at the ball causing an image to emerge. \"But as I first thought, he has deceived us both sister… Take a look\" She said pointing at the large ball and Theodora hesitantly made her way towards it. And she didn't think her heart could take anymore as she saw her worst nightmare. \"He has been consorting with Glinda, he has been with the Wicked Witch…\" She said feigning hurt. But she was hurt deep down, hurt at how much she had just crushed her sister, as if she was stamping on a tiny bug. Theodora shook her head and cried out before she sprinted from Evanora's room. She watched her youngest sister flee but she found there was no satisfaction from her actions as she thought there would have been. There was no sense of victory and triumph, only a dull ache in her chest and a strange feeling of sadness. And once more she found herself questioning all she knew, everything she had done. No, there was no victory tonight, but she had to push on, she was almost there. So sorry for the wait all, work has been hell and my shifts are muddled all over the place at the moment so I haven't had time for anything. I do hope this was fulfilling enough for you guys and we get to see a little more about her, and her actions. I'm so glad that so many of you like it and share the same love for Evanora as I do. She needed more layers in the film, so more layers she has gotten. So guys let me know what you think, your support has been fantastic and I truly thank you all. Thanks again. Gwen.[Chapter 4] Just a forewarning. Theodora is about to go all Margaret Hamilton evil. She is the devil incarnate. Seems as Evanora isn't the true villain in this one I need one. And Mila Kunis's wicked witch was laughable and brought the film down (this coming from a Mila Kunis fan). So yeah, she's a classic literature villain. Enjoy guys. Leahmora was strolling through the castle, seeking out her sisters. The damage to Chinatown had been heart-breaking to see, and as hard as she'd searched for survivors all she'd found was fragmented china covering every inch of the town. She shuddered as she thought of all the lives that had been lost in that small little town. A rage built in the pit of her stomach as she remembered who had done that. Glinda . Her sister had done that. Slaughtered those poor innocent defenceless dolls. Her stride through the halls quickly became more aggressive and her hands were clenched tightly at her sides. How could she? . What had happened to the Glinda she'd known. She'd never have murdered their father, or tried to kill them. And especially hurt the people, never in a million years would she hurt the people of Oz. But she had, she didn't know why but she had. The thought made her want to scream and rage. Something wasn't right here, she knew Glinda had changed but not to this extreme. She honestly couldn't believe that her younger sister would be capable of murder to this extent. No, something somewhere was wrong, she was missing something but what she didn't have a clue. She'd always had a feeling that something was amiss, that Glinda was part of a bigger picture and a bigger plan. Not that she'd ever have told Evanora that. It was pointless saying it to her when she knew what the woman's reaction would be. She'd say that Leah's thoughts were due to the fact that she couldn't accept her sister was such a monster. But that nagging just hadn't or wouldn't go away. Finally she arrived at her destination and chucked the doors open widely not bothering to knock what-so-ever. Evanora glanced up, startled by her sisters appearance but collected herself. \"Sister whatever is the matter?\" Evanora spoke up looking at sister's tense posture. \"Chinatown has been completely obliterated\" She said struggling to keep her own composure. She never got angry, she was always so calm but what had happened today was just too much. \"There were no survivors. There was nothing left\" She growled trying to calm herself and gather her thoughts rationally. Evanora looked at her and held her breath at her sister's words. She'd never seen her lose control of her emotions, not even when they were young. She was always so serene. But now… Leahmora was on edge. Her whole body was rigid and her hands were clenched tightly at her side. Her face and jaw were twitching angrily and her eyes were alight with a fierce fire. The tone of her voice was bitter and cutting. And Evanora was stunned. \"Murdered in cold blood. Murdered to get to us\" She spat out continuing her tirade as she still tried unsuccessfully to calm herself down. She didn't like the feeling of losing control. \"Are you serious?\" Evanora asked playing the oblivious card though that was hard when Leah was unintentionally making her face the damage and destruction she had caused to the people. Her chest burned angrily and she only just managed to hold the wince back. \"Why would I lie about such a thing?. There is nothing left there sister!. They've gone too far this time 'Nora. I'm not waiting any longer, we know where to find Glinda. I'm going to hunt her down and get answers\" She growled needing to know the truth now. If her suspicions that someone else was the wicked witch were wrong and Glinda truly was it then more than likely she wouldn't make it back to the Emerald city alive. But if she was right, then she could find the true cause of all this and bring it to an end. To say Evanora was stunned was an understatement. She was… scared. \"You cannot do that. You know you are no match for her\" Evanora said quickly stepping towards the younger girl. \"I'm plenty a match for her. And I'm not going there to kill her. I'm going to get answers and to find out what's really going on. Something isn't right here Evanora, far from it\" Leah grumbled running a shaky hand through her long hair. Evanora's eyes widened in horror. Surely she couldn't be on to her. Be on to the fact that Glinda was innocent. \"What are you talking about?\" Evanora asked holding her breath and praying that her sister's reply wasn't going to be what she thought it was. \"I know you disagree but I don't think Glinda's truly responsible for all this\" She said and Evanora's stomach turned over violently. \"I think she's a part of something bigger. That there's someone there, pulling her strings. Her killing our Father is entirely plausible, we all had our struggles with him. But murdering an entire village just isn't something she would do\" Leah said watching her sister intently. She was pacing back and forth, like a caged animal waiting to escape. Evanora growled to herself and looked up at her sister. It was happening, far earlier than she had hoped. Her sister was losing faith in her, and was finally beginning to see things. She was going to lose her. \"You cannot be telling me that you believe Glinda. That you would side with her over us. She's evil\" Evanora yelled her anger not at Leah but at herself. \"I'm not siding 'Nora. But I need to know the truth. I cannot bear for the people to suffer like they are, for more villages to be pillaged and destroyed all out of vengeance. Whether it is her or isn't I need to know\" She shouted back her hand gripping a hold of Evanora's vanity table tightly. \"I cannot believe she is pulling you under her spell. This is what she wants to happen Leah. She wants you to go there, divide and conquer. If you go there then you will die. She will not hesitate to kill you, believe me please\" Evanora practically pleaded. She needed to keep her away from Glinda long enough to get Theodora on side and then she could deal with her closest friend. \"Then if I am wrong and she kills me then so be it. But if there's a chance that I can end this now then I will take it. My duty has always been to protect the people of Oz, and if it's what I have to do then I have no other choice\" Leah said finally getting her emotions under control. \"You are acting rash. Please just sleep on it and we shall talk about this in the morning. Theodora needs us right now and you do not know what else has transpired today\" Evanora said standing directly in front of the girl. She took her hand in her own and squeezed affectionately. \"If not for me, then do it for Theo. I beg of you\" She pleaded and Leahmora's stance softened at the mention of her sister but her eyes narrowed conspicuously. \"What's happened?\" Leah asked wondering what her sister was going on about. \"It seems that Oscar is consorting with Glinda. Me and Theodora watched him through the ball, he has allied himself with her. He was an imposter. Theo is heartbroken, he has deceived us all\" Evanora spoke lacing her voice with sadness. This was the distraction she needed, she knew Leahmora would not go without speaking to their sister. The look of shock on the girls face told her all she needed. \"This cannot be true\" She murmured rubbing her head wearily. This revelation had thrown her entire train of thought into a complete spin. Evanora knew that she had meddled with her sister's mind, quashing her thoughts of Glinda's goodness with only a sentence. Relief filled her, she'd bought herself just a bit more time. \"I'm afraid it is. I must go to see her now, I'll come and find you when I have consoled her okay and we shall continue this later\" Evanora spoke and Leah just nodded numbly as she watched her sister depart her chambers. She slumped down onto her sisters bed wearily, the events of the day all too much for her to bear. What was happening here? . 0o0o0o0o0o Evanora entered Theodora's chambers and wasn't surprised to see her staring into her own skrying ball. \"What's the matter Sister?\" She asked kindly walking up behind her and peeking at the sight. \"Look how happy they are\" Theodora spat bitterly and Evanora winced slightly at the tone of voice her baby sister was using. Never in her wildest dreams did she expect to hear it come from her. And it was her own fault. She swallowed down that horrid guilt once again and rubbed at the apple in her pocket slowly. I'm sorry she muttered inwardly before continuing on. \"Do you think she'll be his Queen?\". \"Well of course she'll be his Queen. What did you expect?. We can't compete with Glinda's charms, never have and never will\" Evanora sighed placing her hands on her hips and she staring at her sisters slightly hunched back. \"Oh god Sister is hurts\" Theodora sobbed and Evanora could hear the sizzling sound as tears spilt from her eyes. She'd never understood why those angry burns would appear whenever she cried. \"Such is a broken heart. Your precious Wizard has done that to you\" She said her voice going colder as she forced away the voice that was screaming at her that it was wrong. That what she was doing was so morally wrong. So cruel. \"Please make it stop!\" Theodora begged turning to look at her sister. Evanora stared at the burns and shuddered, how much internal pain she must have truly been in. \"Would you like me too?\" She asked as she began to realise that she wouldn't have to force her sister to bite the apple, she was willing to do anything in order to rid herself of this pain. She nodded at her and ushered the girl over to the long lounger in her room. She pulled the apple from her pocket and held it in the palm of her hand. \"One bite is all it takes… One bite and your world will change forever\" She said holding it out for Theodora to take. \"One bite and your heart will become impenetrable and one bite and you and I can share the throne\" She crooned fighting the urge to launch the apple once again. She couldn't stop this now, the final pieces of her plan were coming together and as much as it hurt she was entitled to the throne. It was her birth-right. \"Unless you'd rather see Oz and Glinda there\" She taunted and almost instantly Theodora snatched the apple out of her hand. And before she could say a thing her sweet naïve sister took a huge bite of it without a second thought. Evanora felt like she was going to be sick as she realised that there was no going back now. The deed was done. There was no sense of victory. No sense of achievement. Just a violent sting in her chest and a strange feeling of loss. An eerie draft went around the room as all the candles were blown out. Theodora's eyes widened as she grabbed at her chest pain swimming through. Evanora was so fixed on her younger sister that she jumped a mile when the door was pushed open and in walked Leahmora eyes wide in horror. \"What's wrong?\" She asked as her eyes instantly landed on Theodora who was clutching her chest painfully. She ran forward to her but was surprised as her sister pushed her away sending her falling over backwards. Fear flooded Evanora's veins. She wasn't meant to find out. Not like this. Not just yet. \"You're the wicked one!\" She managed to get out between breaths as she pointed at Evanora who couldn't hide her shame. Leah's head whipped up to stare at her older sister, her best friend. \"You're the wicked one… Not Glinda… It was you, it's always been you\" She choked out and Leah's face lost all colour. \"Please tell me it's not true… Evanora tell me she's lying!\" Leahmora begged as she jumped to her feet and over to her raven haired sister who shrugged her off. The look of guilt on her face told her every single thing that she needed to know. Her suspicions were right. There was someone else behind it all. Evanora . \"I'm sorry\" She managed to get out unable to meet her siblings eye. \"Sister… You lied to us\" Theo pushed out again doubling over on the lounger. Leah ran to her side once more and this time she didn't push her away. \"WHAT HAVE YOU DONE TO HER?\" Leah bellowed rounding on her older sister anger swarming through her. Evanora shuddered at the glare. \"I've made everything clearer for her. She will no longer feel pain, pain like that Wizard put her through. And she will see why I've been doing what I have\" Evanora said as calmly as she could. Leah looked between both siblings and she felt nauseous at what was going on. She couldn't believe it. Her heart was breaking in her chest and she felt as if someone had plunged a dagger through her, tearing her insides out to the outside. \"Leah you must believe me, please just allow me to explain everything before you act. Please I am begging you\" Evanora spoke unable to hold herself together as her actions sank in. She'd just destroyed both of her siblings in a matter of seconds. And by Oz it hurt. It hurt so much that she was sure she was going to be sick. Theodora jumped up from her seat and ripped at her corset trying anything to catch her breath. The world around her was swimming and she couldn't string a clear thought together. Her body felt like it was being squeezed in a vice stopping her breath in her throat. \"What is happening to me?\" She cried out clutching at her throat in anguish, almost dangling off of her curtains. \"Your heart is… your heart is withering away\" Evanora sighed guiltily her eyes dancing between both of her sisters. And as she looked at them her mind flashed to the horrible dreams she had the night before. Physical pain coating her youngest siblings face and the look of pure betrayal on the other's. Leah had pushed herself away to the farthest wall as if trying to escape this nightmare. She couldn't comprehend anything, she couldn't understand it. Why. Why. Why. Why. Why. \"Fear not Theodora, it'll all be over shortly. And you'll never feel pain like the Wizard put you through again\" Evanora consoled knowing just how sick she sounded. She'd ruined her sister's life and yet she still thought she had a right to be worried about her. With one last cry Theodora crumpled to the ground behind the table. \"Sister!\" Both women cried out reaching toward her but all they got in return was silence. Leahmora ran forward towards the table but just as she got there a slim green hand slammed down onto the table, a line of razor sharp nails scraping the wood angrily. She jumped back stunned by what she was seeing. What has happened to Theo? She questioned inwardly her heart pulsating in her mouth. Suddenly her sister came into view but it couldn't be her. Surely it couldn't be her. Her skin was green and the features on her face were sharp. Her beauty was gone, replaced by only some hideous creature. No. That wasn't her sweet baby sister, it couldn't be. \"Theo\" Leah asked walking towards the green skinned girl but she was shocked as her hand shot out towards her and she was thrown through the air, her back and head colliding hard with the solid wood wall behind her. Evanora rushed over to her to help her up but Leah as dazed as she was shrugged her off. \"Get away from me\" She growled at her older sister who obliged to her wishes and took a step back. \"You\" She said pointing at Leah was slowly getting to her feet rubbing the back of her head sorely. She wasn't surprised to see blood on her hands. \"I've decided who my allegiances lie with. Now it's your turn\" She cackled. Leah blinked several times to stop the spinning and she couldn't help but cringe at the sound that left her sister's mouth. That horrific high pitch cackle which sounded so wrong coming from the girl she knew. The girl she loved. \"Leah please let me explain to you why I've done all this. Why I did everything\" Evanora begged but Leah shied away from her again grabbing a hold of the small desk next to her to keep her balance. It was too much. It was all too much. \"What have you turned her into? Why did you do it 'Nora?. You killed our father, you killed all those people… What was it all for?\" Leah growled angrily turning to look at the raven haired woman her eyes blazing. Evanora looked down at the ground unable to meet her siblings eye once again. It hurt to see the destruction she had caused. Another loud laugh cut across the two before Evanora could say her piece. \"That apple has shown me everything, put it all into perspective. And now you're having doubts… I can feel you guilt… It's sickening\" She growled menacingly looking between the two. \"Don't feel guilty 'Nora. You've done me a favour, you've helped me. Now I'm going to repay the favour. But what are you going to do Leah?. Are you going to stand by us, and fight for our cause, to take what is rightfully ours?. Or are you going to join ranks with Glinda and the Wizard?\" Theodora spat angrily towards her as she placed her hat upon her head. \"Your cause?\" Leah questioned groggily her head pounding. \"You…\" She said ignoring Theodora and looking at the closest person she'd ever had. \"What you've done. All the people you've killed, the innocent people of Oz. Do you really think that I could ever stand by you and watch as more innocents perish all because of that stupid seat in the grand hall\" She yelled advancing on Evanora but was stopped in her tracks as red ball energy slammed into her and sent her into the solid wood wall again. \"Looks like we have our answer Sister\" Theodora laughed menacingly once again as she played with another small ball of energy in her hand. Evanora was completely startled. She could feel her control slipping away as she looked at the heap that was her best friend struggling to get up off of the ground. And as she looked at the baby of the family her heart constricted and pain seared through her again. It was pounding in her head as guilt and pain and fear washed over her. She was wrong. She'd done wrong. That voice that had been trying to bring her back to life, bring back her humanity was dominating over the darkness of the apple. She looked at her younger sibling once again and she knew instantly that it wasn't Theo anymore. The Theodora that she loved was dead. And what was left of her, the being that was standing before her was all of the suppressed anger and hatred the girl held. She could feel the power radiating off of her and shuddered, even though she had acted out of vengeance this was like nothing she had ever felt before. This was raw, pure anger. And she'd caused it all. She'd roused this beast out of the girl she'd always sworn to protect. But she'd used her, as a pawn for her own selfish needs. Leah finally managed to get off of the ground clutching her bleeding side with one hand and the other pressed against the side of her head, trying to stem the blood that was flowing out of the nasty gash matting her hair. \"Theo I don't want to hurt you… Just stop okay, this isn't you\" Leahmora said her anger at her siblings building. Adrenaline was coursing through her and the pain was numbing by the second. She knew what was going to happen. \"Hurt me. You couldn't if you tried\" She snarled and another ball of energy flew at her blasting her even further across the room this time. Leah cried out as her body collided with the ground. Pain racked her entire frame as Theodora's magic ripped open cuts with every hit. \"Theo don't hurt her please\" Evanora begged stepping forward putting herself between the two sisters. \"Just let me explain to her first and then she can make up her mind\" She said rationally but Theodora just narrowed her eyes at her. \"She shouldn't have to need an explanation. If she has any loyalty to us then she would stand by us no matter what\" Theodora spat out twirling her hand around revelling in her new found power. Everything felt stronger. Her magic. Her body. Her mind. She felt superior. Superior to her two sisters stood before her. And it felt remarkable. \"It isn't as black and white as that\" Evanora defended trying her hardest to get Theo to calm down. She couldn't stand by and watch knowing that her baby sister had no qualms in killing the woman behind her. And that thought hurt. Never had she imagined that Theo taking a bite out of the apple would have these consequences. She thought it would have the same effect it had on herself, give her knowledge and power. Not turn her into a raving beast. \"Yes it is\" Leah's raspy voice came from behind her as she staggered to her feet more blood colouring in her clothes. \"I have a duty to protect these people. You two will cause chaos amongst the land. As much as I love you I cannot condone this\" She said strongly and Theo just smirked at her. \"You've chosen your side\" She spoke up and Leah nodded. Evanora turned to look at her sister who had tears running down her face mixing with the blood on her cheeks. She was distraught. Her own tears pooled in her eyes as she saw the look of hurt on her features. \"You have betrayed me. And you've betrayed Oz\" She replied staring straight at Evanora who was falling apart at the seams. Even in her groggy state she was sure she could see guilt, could see remorse clouding her sister's features. \"Then you're an enemy\" Theodora spat and threw her hand out again. On instinct Leah pushed Evanora who was directly in the line of fire to one side and jumped herself narrowly avoiding the fire ball. Mustering up all of her energy she jumped to her feet and threw her own out her blue lightning catching Theodora off guard and blasting her backwards into the wall. \"I don't want to hurt you\" Leah said her voice filled with pain as her injuries worsened. \"But you leave me no choice\" She added on advancing on her sister who was still getting up off the floor. She grabbed a hold of the back of her dress and flipped her over and just as she was about to knock the girl out a green hand met with her chest and she was blown up into the air crashing into the ceiling before coming back down and falling onto the table which shattered on impact. \"You don't have the power anymore Leah. I do\" Theodora laughed as she watched her sister struggle to push herself up from the debris beneath her. Evanora watched on from her spot on the ground with horror. She was watching her sisters try to kill each other, and she had instigated it. \"Evanora do you want to help me finish off this traitor or shall I do it myself?\" She laughed but Evanora couldn't move let alone speak. \"Me the traitor\" Leah groaned as she stumbled up to her feet using the lounger to hold herself up. A sarcastic smile came across her bloodied face as she stared down her sibling. \"If you want to find a traitor look in the mirror… I knew you were stupid but to actually take a bite of the apple all because of some pathetic love you held for the Wizard. How tragic\" She smirked back. She was going to show her some home truths. \"How dare you!\" Theodora roared and launched another energy ball at her but she ducked beneath it and shot another bolt of bright blue electricity straight into her. The force threw the girl back again. \"Even with this new power. You are still naïve sister. Your intentions for becoming Queen are tedious\" She said watching as the girl writhed in pain on the floor. She then turned her attentions to Evanora who had gotten to her feet. \"And you… I can't believe you would do this to me… Do this to yourself\" She said her voice filling with sadness as she looked at her. Evanora's heart tugged again as more pain swam through her body. \"Was it worth it? Is it worth it?\" She questioned limping towards her sister. She stopped directly in front of her allowing Evanora to truly see the damage Theodora had done to her. \"I hope it was worth losing me, losing yourself. And I pray that you find the a way off of this path, but if you don't then and continue down it know that I will be standing in your way every single time\" She said voice hard but eyes swimming with emotion. Evanora was about to reply but once again Theodora interrupted. Before she could say anything and before Leah noticed a larger fireball was heading straight for her. The energy slammed into her and the momentum sent her smashing through the bedroom window. Evanora watched helplessly as her sister plummeted towards the ground. Fly. Please just fly away she begged inwardly and her wishes were granted as Leah found some strength and flew off into the night. \"Fly you coward!\" Theodora yelled after her sister who was fading into the darkness with every second. As soon as she disappeared from sight Theodora turned to look at the older girl her face dark and filled with hate. \"We have things to plan\" She said simply before stalking off towards the throne room leaving Evanora alone in the shattered remains of the youngest chambers. As soon as she disappeared from sight Evanora crumbled to the ground, her knees and body losing their strength. Tears cascaded down her cheeks as the battle to stop them was lost. Sobs wracked her frame as she curled up into a foetal position on the debris strewn ground. Her chest screamed in agony as her heart continued to grow back to its original size and the blackness of it faded more so that it was now half and half. She was halfway there. Halfway to regaining her humanity. Agonising pain went through her and the more tears she cried the more pain her body was put under. Guilt continued to way down on her heavily restricting her breathing and she had to truly fight to stop herself from throwing up right there. Now she truly knew, her heart now had the capability to know that what she'd done was wrong. Right from the very beginning. Killing her father, a good but conceited man, was wrong. That framing her young and kind sister, that was wrong on so many different levels. Of allowing innocents to become frightened or killed by her monkeys just to invoke fear into them and push them into her waiting arms, was horribly wrong. To turn her sister into the animal she had become for her own purposes, to keep her on side was morally wrong. And betraying her family as a whole, destroying her younger sisters and betraying Leah; the one woman who had always been there for her. It hurt so much. \"Please forgive me\" She sobbed looking up at the starry sky the moon the only light around. \"Please I'm sorry, I'm so sorry. Please forgive me\" She continued to cry out her hands wrapping around her body tightly, as if holding herself together with her hands. But as she lay there on the floor, with the weight of her deeds crashing down upon her and tearing her apart, forcing her to truly realize her guilt the more the pain subsided. The more she begged for forgiveness, the more she accepted that her actions were irrevocably cruel, the more the pain left her. The lighter her frame felt, the clearer her mind was, and the bigger her heart became. The tears stopped, the pain stopped and she managed to find the energy to pull herself up into a sitting position. As she did her eyes fell upon the blood spatters that covered the walls and the ceilings and she shuddered just looking at it. The blood of her best friend her sister, blood that covered her hands. And it was done by her little sister, who had never harmed someone in her life had almost killed Leah, all because of that stupid apple which she'd offered up to her. The same apple that had made her become just as beastly really. And she caught sight of the poisonous green fruit which lay there completely unblemished. And angered scream erupted from her mouth and she shot her green energy into it. The thing flew across the room… but still as it hit the ground, it was still unharmed. Shakily Evanora got to her feet unable to deal with it all anymore. It had to stop. It all had to stop. This couldn't go on. If she allowed it then they'd all end up dead, and the cause of that would be on her head. Enough blood had been spilt. Enough of her families blood had been spilt. And for a throne. For a crown. She had started all this, and now she had to end it. The path of darkness she had chosen a long time ago had come to an end. She'd hit a brick wall, but now she'd found another path. A path that was bright and just. A path that would right her wrongs, even if it meant losing her own life in the process. It was the least she deserved after all she'd done. A part of her mind prayed for death to claim her, but that would be cowardly should it take her without allowing herself for some form of redemption. She couldn't believe it had taken till now, till her sisters tried to kill each other to truly see how much of a ripple effect here deeds had caused. Her first intention was to kill her father and become Queen and they would all live in peace. But it had spiralled, completely out of control. Questions were being asked, Glinda had come to discover the truth. But instead of talking to her sister in a moment of madness she had started this chain of effects. And a tragic one it was. No. She was going to try and fix this. She wasn't stupid, she knew that it would be hard. It may even be impossible to rebuild the bridges with her family. Re-build the trust with the people. But she had to try, that much was obvious now. With a determined sigh she rubbed the tear tracks from her face and turned to exit the room but stopped when she found Theodora stood there, arms in front of her and a cruel smirk she had never seen before. It was at that moment a ball of energy crashed into her and she crumpled to the ground. The world around her span and was blurry and she watched as Theodora advanced on her, staring down at her form. And then she fell into the abyss of unconsciousness. 0o0o0o0o0o Glinda was walking the grounds of her castle with Oz by her side. Something wasn't right somewhere. Her head was aching and had been for the past few hours but she hadn't an idea why. \"Are you okay? You seem quiet?\" Oz asked kindly as he observed the woman's strange behaviour. She nodded at him and sighed. \"I'm fine Wizard. But something isn't fine somewhere. Something big has happened, I can feel it in the air. Someone has suffered greatly… I believe it may be one of my sisters\" Glinda sighed honestly. It was the only thing she could think of. All four of them had always been connected, and could feel the suffering within each other. \"Your sisters? Which one?\" Oz asked curiously wondering who she was referring too. \"I couldn't tell. There's so many different feelings around them. Rage, pain, guilt, power and a great suffering. But I do not know which feelings corresponds with each one\" She said sitting herself down on the steps of the white palace tiredly. He sat down beside her a worried expression on his face. \"How do you know? How can you tell?\". \"We're still connected, albeit the link isn't as strong as it once was. It was something we treasured years ago, before everything. I haven't really felt any of them for a while, so that's why I think something big has happened for it to reach me\" She replied watching as the sun arose across the land slowly. \"What do you think Evanora's done?\" Oz asked again. Everything was still so new to him, everything he thought he knew when he first arrived was turned on its head. All he knew was that Evanora was the wicked one, Glinda was the good, Theodora was oblivious and Leah was the brawn of them. \"These days I couldn't tell you. I wouldn't put anything past her\" She sighed again and was about to speak when the hairs on her neck and arms went up. One of her sisters were near. She gripped a hold of Oz's arm and looked up to the sky waiting to see who was about to hit her barrier. She prayed that it was as strong as she thought and that if it was Evanora it would repel her, but she wouldn't know if the same could be said for the other two. They were good, therefore they could pass through easily. And then the moment came when a figure pushed through the shield. Oz retreated slightly pulling Glinda with him as they watched the person get nearer and nearer. The long cloak instantly told her who it was. She watched as she neared and was about to reach the ground but the girl didn't put her legs down. She simply crashed to the floor with a thud. Glinda ran across the small courtyard towards her sister. The woman's back was to her and she was laying there unmoving on the ground. \"Leahmora\" She called out but she got no response. Stopping next to her she kneeled down and rolled the woman over. As soon as she did her hand clamped across her mouth as she took in the state of her older sibling. Her face was covered in cuts and bruises and blood practically covered the entirety of the right side of her face. Her long dark hair was matted with blood and her white shirt was ripped to shreds and through the rips she could see angry bruises and nasty burns littering her torso. \"Leah can you hear me?\" She said worry filling her soft voice. Slowly the older woman's eyes fluttered open and she looked at the blonde she hadn't seen for such a long time. She was still as radiant as ever, her light hadn't faded unlike her other sister's. \"Glinda\" She rasped out as her bloodied hands clasped at her sisters almost desperately. \"I'm… I'm so sorry\" She choked as tears of physical and emotional pain stung her eyes. \"I should… I should have listened … to what you had to say\" She apologized the dried blood on her face cracking as she did causing more pain to pulsate through her. \"Shhh now\" Glinda cooed put a gentle hand on her sisters head hushing her apologies. Her own tears pricked at her eyes as she looked upon her strong and brave sister lying in a crumpled heap. Judging by the apology she had discovered who Evanora truly was. \"Who did this to you?\" Oz chipped in worriedly kneeling on the otherside of the young woman. The same young woman who had saved his life not two days previously. He'd never seen someone in such a state. Glinda continued her soothing strokes. How could Evanora do this to her, to Leah of all people. \"Th… Theodora\" She choked out and Glinda's blood ran cold at the words. Theodora had done this. Theodora had half killed Leah and not Evanora. Kind and innocent Theodora. \"Theo did this?\" She asked using the affectionate name they had for their sister. Leah nodded a wince coming across her face as she did so. \"Why? What happened?\" Glinda continued to ask watching as her sisters eyes began to roll around in their sockets. \"She was upset… Nora gave her the apple… the apple of knowledge\" She began and Glinda tensed up at her words. She had a feeling she knew where this was going. \"It t-turned her into… into a m-monster\" She continued struggling to get words out. \"She w-wanted me to side with her and E-Evanora… But I wouldn't… Not when I f-found out who she was… What s-she had done\" Leah groaned as pain continued to course through her. She needed to sleep, that's all she wanted. But she knew Glinda had to know the truth before she could indulge in that luxury. \"S-so I was a traitor and we got i-into a fight. T-Theodora was trying to k-kill me… B-blasted me out o-of her window… That's when I c-came to find you\" She finished her body quivering in pain. \"It's okay\" Glinda crooned kindly her own heart breaking at what she was hearing. Theodora had been turned, she had succumbed to Evanora's darkness. She should have guessed that it was only a matter of time before she would, she was too pure, too easy to manipulate. Leah on the other hand wasn't, and look where it got her. Looking around she could see that a crowd had begun to appear as the farmers began their early morning work. \"Wizard could you help carry her to my chambers please\" Glinda asked and Oz nodded before placing an arm beneath her legs and another under her back and lifted her into the air easily holding her frame. The two quickly made their way up the steps and into Glinda's room. He placed her down gently on the bed trying not to aggravate any of the open wounds that littered her body. Glinda hurried over to her vanity and opened the bottom two drawers pulling out some strange coloured vials and made her way back over to Leahmora who was struggling to keep her eyes open, exhaustion taking over. \"Drink\" Glinda ordered holding the vial to Leah's lips. She drank it obediently wanting anything to rid the pain she was feeling. \"You're safe now Leah\" Glinda said softly looking down on her older sister. She'd never seen her look so weak, so defeated. Even when they were children. \"Now sleep, I'll be right here when you wake and we can talk more about it then okay\" She said and Leah grasped her hand once again. \"I'm sorry\" She slurred groggily as whatever Glinda had given her began to take effect. \"Shhh, sleep\" She said and almost instantly the girls eyes closed and she fell into a pained slumber. \"Can you get me some water and a rag please?\" She asked the man beside her who nodded and left in search of the desired items. Glinda sat there and studied her sister intently. She could feel the pain her elder sibling was feeling, stronger now that she was closer to her. She couldn't believe what had transpired. Theodora a monster. The sudden surge of massive power was her, not Evanora. Her thoughts lingered on the youngest as a child and as a woman. Kind, vibrant, loving, sweet. All positives, the epitome of goodness. But she also knew what power could do to someone, Evanora another example. She was kind and gentle and loving, she laughed a lot and looked after them when their mother died, but her powers grew and so did her lust for more. And the one that she believed to be the strongest of them all lay completely broken in front of her. Attacked by her kin just as she had been not a few years previously. It was like a deja-vu. For Leahmora to be in such a state then Theo's magic must have grown at an incredible rate because she could never have taken any of the sisters on. Another sigh left her lips and she rubbed her head wearily not caring that she'd gotten blood all over her white dress. She was trying to piece everything together, where Evanora's plans were at now. For her to pull Theodora on side then she must be close to launching an all-out attack on them that much was clear. But once again that unsettling feeling filled her stomach. She tried to strengthen her connection with her other sisters and still she was feeling the power radiating off of one, but she could still feel guilt and pain radiating from someone. And it certainly wasn't the woman in front of her, she could feel her tune, her presence. Shaking her head she groaned and watched as Oz entered with some water and a rag, Finley and China girl on his tail. \"Here… Do you want any help?\" Oz asked but the blonde shook her head. \"Just company will do\" She replied and he sat down on the edge of the bed watching as she cleaned up her sibling. \"Is that your sister?\" China girl asked innocently as she sat herself down on Oscar's lap. Glinda sent her a small look before speaking. \"Yes it is child. Do you know her? Most people in Oz do\" She said and China girl nodded at here. \"Yeah. She helped me before. I got lost along the yellow brick road and she took me home. She's really nice. Did the wicked witch do this to her?\" She asked again with the curiosity that only a child could hold. \"Yes she did. She's a good woman, kind and just. She didn't deserve this\" Glinda said more to herself than to anyone else as she dabbed away the blood on her the woman's face. The foursome fell into silence as Glinda continued to clean and utter healing spells to try and speed up the woman's recovery. \"Monkey why don't you and China girl go and get some breakfast\" Oz said feeling as if Glinda wanted to say something but didn't want their ears – especially China girls – to hear. Finley nodded and the two left the room leaving just Oz and Glinda. \"This is crazy. All of it\" Oz muttered as he realized what exactly he had let himself in for. \"Yes it is\" Glinda replied calmly. \"But war is barbaric in general\" She shrugged continuing her work. \"I can't help but wonder why Theodora bit the apple? What could have made her so desperate that she had to resort to it\" She said looking to the man to her left. She watched as he cringed slightly and looked away. He couldn't help but feel that it had something to do with him, something to do with his rejection. Heartbreak made people do stupid stuff. He should know. \"Maybe she was promised something in return. Or maybe she just wanted the power\" Oz shrugged not willing to accept that he could have been a primary factor in all of this. It wasn't his fault women fell in love with him. \"We'll know soon. Once she wakes up, we can get the full story\" Glinda sighed and another comfortable silence fell across them, each lost in their own thoughts. 0o0o0o0o0o The first thing Evanora registered was pain. Her head was pounding painfully but somehow she managed to open her eyes. The room was dark and the only light in the room was coming from the tiniest of windows at the top of the room. She tried to move her hand to rub her sore head but found it impossible. Turning her head she looked at what was holding her back and was surprised to find her wrists in shackles, attaching her to the grubby wall. It was then that she realized where she was. She was in the dungeons, locked in chains. She tugged at them harder again as she remembered what had happened before she ended up her. Knowing it was useless she tried to use her magic on the chains but that too was pointless. She should have known that before trying, she was the one who put the enchantment on them. Still though she continued to tug at the rough metal that was already rubbing at her wrists. She had to get out. She had to find Theodora, had to try and stop her before things got even worse, she had to right everything. But it seems her sister found her first. Looking over she could see her short figure but long pointy hat creating a silhouette. \"Sister you're awake\" came Theodora's sarcasm laced voice from the dark corner. She sauntered forward a complete shell of the way she once acted. \"I think it's time we have a talk. Sister to sister\". 0o0o0o0o0o I am so so so so so so sorry for this wait. I have no excuses, I just lost my muse. Until I bought the DVD watched it about ten times and fell in love all over again. So 7500+ chapter here for you guys, don't say I don't give you anything. This is a major step forward in the plot. We have the mighty confrontation between the three and now you all get to see why a fourth sister was added into this. In order to move along the plot Evanora needed a catalyst, something/someone close to her to truly make her realize how much hurt she was spreading to the land and her family. Seeing the destruction of her sisters before her very eyes was the trigger to make her change things, the two people she loved more than anything trying to kill each other was a shock to the system. So now we get to see even more sides to Evanora. Coming up we see her grieve for her actions, suffer emotionally and physically and try and find a way to stop Theodora once and for all. I'm not cutting the woman any slack as much as I love her she has a lot of grovelling to do and a lot of bridges to build. PS – Told you I was making Theodora 'Margaret Hamilto'n evil. Mila Kunis was a comical witch, not a scary one and every time she spoke I just wanted to say \"Shut up Meg\". Most of you here will probably know what I mean by that. So that's why I've brought the nastiness of MH to Theodora. So please let me know your thoughts and thank you all for your continued support. It's really appreciated and I absolutely love each and every one of you. With love, Gwen.[Chapter 5] \"I think it's time we have a talk… Sister to Sister.\" Evanora shuddered as she looked up into the woman's eyes. There was no softness left there, no kindness, no compassion. All that filled with witches once sparkling eyes was cruelty and vengeance. \"What is it you'd like to discuss?\" Evanora replied trying to keep her voice as neutral as possible. How the tides had turned… She had no power now. No power over Oz, no power over Theodora. \"You\" Theodora answered simply as played with a few red sparks that danced between her fingertips. \"And your sudden change of heart?\" She questioned curiously her eyes never once leaving those of her sisters. Evanora sighed loudly and leaned her head back against the filthy wall. \"I don't know\" She replied honestly sending a side wards glance at her little sister. \"It just happened\". \"It just happened?\" Theodora said almost exasperated at her siblings words. \"You've been doing this for years, killing our ridiculous excuse of a father, taking over Oz piece by piece and now all of a sudden you don't want any of it?\" She growled bitterly towards the helpless woman. \"Yes…\" Evanora spoke up, not knowing what else she could possibly say to the woman. Not even she knew how it had happened, she did just wake up one morning and feel different. Theodora scoffed mockingly at her sister and threw a small energy ball at the woman. Evanora's body jerked at the contact, the energy current surging through her body practically sucking the air from her lungs. \"You are weak\" She taunted, circling around the restrained witch who was struggling to catch her breath from the sudden attack. \"You always told me never to allow my emotions to cloud my judgement yet look at you now… You're nothing but an arrogant hypocrite\" Theodora spat throwing another ball at her, causing the woman to writhe in pain on the grimy floor. \"You gave me that apple so that we could work side by side and rule this land together… But unfortunately there's only room for one of us on that throne and I have the power now. I am stronger than I ever imagined I could be\" Theodora said as she kneeled down next to her sister's wounded form and put a green hand on her cheek. Evanora looked up at the woman almost fearfully, her body aching and stinging from Theodora's spells. She tried to rip her face away from the woman's grasp but she only succeeded in angering the green witch who grabbed a hold of her face roughly, sharp nails digging into the tender flesh of her face. \"I should thank you really 'Nora. You unleashed this new potential in me. For your own selfish needs yes, but nevertheless I wouldn't be who I am now if it wasn't for you\" She smiled, pearly white teeth practically illuminating in the dark cell. \"Are you proud of your yourself?. Of what you and Oz turned me into?\" She continued on, tormenting the woman beneath her. Evanora weakly shook her head, guilt consuming her pain wracked frame. \"Of course you're not. You've let your emotions get the better of you like the weak fool you are and now all you feel is guilt and remorse for what you've done to poor little Theodora\" She mocked, her nails drawing blood at the tight grasp on her sister's face. \"Yes I do\" Evanora said deciding to be honest with the woman. Lying would get her nowhere right now. \"I never meant for you to turn into this…I never wanted to turn you into a monster\" She said slowly, looking straight into the youngsters cold eyes. Theodora just cackled loudly, that horrid sound escaping her mouth as she lowered her hand from the woman's chin to her throat squeezing tightly. \"But you did… I'm no more a monster than you. The only difference between us is that I'm far more powerful than you could ever dream to be\" Theo said cruelly as she watched her sister writhe beneath her as her bony hand stopped the oxygen from entering her lungs. Evanora tried to get words out but the pressure around her throat was just to much as she struggled for breath. Stars were dancing in front of her eyes and her lungs felt as if they were about to explode. The life was being choked out of her and her thrashing was getting weaker and weaker the longer the woman held. She could feel the tendrils of unconsciousness pulling at her but before she could sink into it the pressure on her throat was released and she sucked in a loud sputtering gasp of air, greedily inhaling the oxygen that was now available to her burning lungs. \"I have something else to tell you also…\" Theo trailed off as she continued to kneel over Evanora's frame menacingly. Her eyes were alight with glee at the pain that she was causing to her sibling. She was in control. She had the power. They were nothing compared to her now. \"Our darling yet treacherous sister is dead.\" She said simply a smile blossoming across her hideous face. Evanora stiffened completely at her sister's words, her already pale face blanching of colour and eyes widening in horror. \"No\" Was all she could get out as the wicked witches words begun to sink into her. Dead . Leahmora was dead. She couldn't be, she just couldn't be… Could she?. \"Yes\" Theodora smiled wickedly, revelling in the pain her eldest sister was feeling right now. It was almost intoxicating, the fear and anguish that was rippling from her. She absorbed every bit of it, the agony only fuelling her power. \"The monkey's found her not too long ago. She'd collapsed on the outskirts of the dark forest, and they followed through with the orders I gave them…\" She pressed on getting more and more excited as she did. Even though all she was saying was a lie, Evanora didn't know that. And the pain the woman felt was all too real. Evanora's body trembled as the words sunk in even more. She couldn't be gone. Her best friend, her sister. She'd escaped, she'd gotten away. She'd flown away to safety, away from Theodora's clutches. Away from her clutches... but not far enough it seemed. \"Do you want to know what my orders were dear sister?\" She spoke evilly her voice filled with glee. She shook her head. She didn't want to know what her once beautiful and kind sister had ordered her baboons to do. Obviously their loyalties weren't as strong as she thought they would have been. \"I told them to rip her throat out\" Theodora snarled, wanting to cause Evanora as much pain as possible. Now that the woman could feel again, emotional torment was definitely far more satisfying than the physical torment she'd put the woman through at the start. Tears stung at Evanora's eyes as she shook her head fiercely. No . Anything but this. Leahmora was dead. She was gone, ripped apart not just by the monkey's but by her. All of it could have been avoided had she not been so selfish, so stupid, so arrogant. \"She can't be… She's too strong to be defeated by you\" Evanora spat at Theodora anger suddenly surging throughout her body. She just couldn't believe that her little sister had killed her best friend in cold blood. Theodora just smirked cruelly at her before putting a hand into her pocket. All she needed was a little illusion to push Evanora over the edge. Evanora watched her pull her hand out of her pocket and her stomach churned violently at what she saw before her. There in the palm of her sister's green hand was a very bloody and a very human organ. A heart. It was at that moment she lost what little was in her stomach as she rolled onto her side and vomited violently not even bothering to miss Theodora's black shoes. \"Now do you believe me?\" Theo taunted as she watched her sister lose what little dignity she had left. \"She was so brave, so noble and righteous. So good compared to you and I. That's why she had to die. She'd never have given up trying to kill us had she gotten away\" Theo all but snarled. Sure the woman wasn't dead yet and was obviously plotting her counter attack as she spoke but it was only a matter of time before she would be buried in the ground. Leahmora, Glinda, Oscar, the lot of them. Evanora couldn't breathe as pain swarmed through her chest and body, the agony of losing her sister becoming too much to bear. She'd tried to search inside her, tried to feel their connection but there was none. She couldn't feel Leah's presence what so ever. A sob escaped her lips as the tears finally broke through, her body shaking violently as they ripped out of her body unashamedly. She'd lost two of her sisters in the space of a few hours. \"Well it's been enlightening talking to you Sister but I have plans to prepare for\" Theodora sighed casually getting to her feet and brushing herself down, adjusting the hat upon her head. \"Just kill me\" Came Evanora's pained cry between her sobs of despair as she meekly pulled herself back up to rest against the wall. She was done. Her fight was gone. Her guilt was overpowering, her heart was burning, her head was spinning. Her last chance to right her wrongs was gone, her sisters were gone. She had nothing now she was nothing now. At that moment she truly wanted to die. It was the least she deserved. Theodora just sent her a wicked smile and shook her head. \"Not yet. Killing you would give you the easy way out. Sleep well\" She said bluntly before exiting the cell and shutting it behind her with an almighty slam. As soon as the doors shut Evanora broke once more as she pulled her knees up to her chest and buried her face into them sadly. She didn't feel the creak of her sore ribs as she did so. She didn't feel the blood that was slipping from the wound in her side that her sister had created. That pain was nothing compared to how she felt inside. Her frame shuddered with every breath and she cried as if she'd never cried before. A heart breaking sob escaped past her lips as guilt and anguish swirled within her veins. It was her fault. It was all her fault. Theodora was right in what she'd said. She was a monster, she was more of monster than any of them. She'd destroyed the two people she loved the most. Theodora wasn't her Theodora anymore and Leahmora was gone from the world entirely. And it was all down to her. It was all her fault. And so she continued to cry. To cry for what she'd done to the people of Oz, to cry for what she'd done to her father and Glinda, to what she had done to sweet little Theo and to what she had done to her brave and loyal Leahmora. She was a monster… And she deserved this fate. 0o0o0o0o0o Flashes shot through her mind. Evanora in a crumpled heap, chained to a wall. Theodora lurking over her, pumping the woman's body full of that red energy. The heart-wrenching sobs that were escaping the darker witches mouth. The darkness surrounding her was beginning to fade slowly. She could vaguely hear the faint sounds of voices and people around her but she couldn't see anything. Their voices were muffled and she felt as if she was submerged in water, aware of what was around her but unable to make it out clearly. It was a struggle but finally Leahmora managed to break through the surface of unconsciousness and slowly opened her eyes, blinking and squinting slightly as the brightness of the sun swarmed her vision. \"Leah?\" Came a soft and familiar voice and she turned her dazed gaze to the blonde beauty that was sat beside her looking down at her with concern. \"Glinda\" Leahmora replied hoarsely a hint of a smile on her bruised and cut face as she took in the sight of her younger sibling who still looked as radiant as ever. Pain began to ebb into her nerve endings as she came around enough to register her injuries. She hissed lightly as she tried to move, her torso protesting as she did so. \"Careful there, you're injured quite badly\" Glinda said softly laying a hand on the woman's arm and easing her back down onto the soft feathery bed she was lying on top of. \"How are you feeling?\" She asked kindly relieved to see her sister finally awake. \"As if my monstrous little sister tried to kill me…\" She trailed off sarcastically turning her gaze once more to the blonde. \"You should know better than anyone what that feels like\" She added on and Glinda nodded at her acknowledging her words. That she did. \"You gave me a fright, seeing you like that\" Glinda said honestly taking a hold of the elder woman's hand and squeezing it gently, knowing she would need some comfort right now. Everything she knew, her entire world had been tipped completely on it's head. Leahmora responded to the gesture by giving the blonde's hand a gentle squeeze back. \"I'll be fine, just some cuts and bruises. Nothing that won't heal\" She said as she gingerly manoeuvred herself into a sitting position, biting down on her lip to stop a cry of pain from escaping. Glinda moved to help her but she held up a hand signalling for her to stay away. She could do it herself. \"Are you okay?\" Glinda asked almost timidly looking sadly at her sister. She knew how she must feel right now, to be betrayed by her family. \"I told you I'm fine, nothing some rest w-\" She replied settling into a comfortable position but Glinda cut across her quickly. \"You know that's not what I mean\" She spoke and Leah just looked at her before moving her gaze to the large window of Glinda's palace. Leahmora sighed loudly and shrugged. \"I don't know… I just can't believe that Evanora was behind it the whole time. That she was even capable of causing so much pain and wickedness, right beneath my nose as well\" She sighed no emotion what so ever in her voice as she spoke. As she thought of her treacherous sister her chest stung and she winced as it jolted through her frame, her head throbbed achingly and it certainly wasn't from the knocks she had taken. Their link hadn't been severed completely by the betrayal then… She could still feel Evanora's pain. But why was she in pain?. Glinda could tell her sister had shut herself down as she always did in situations such as these. The most emotion of hurt she'd seen the girl ever exude was last night before she had fainted from her injuries. \"Neither did I when I found out. Power is a dangerous thing though, and unfortunately Evanora was sucked in by it\" Glinda sighed sadly as she thought of her sister. She wasn't very fond of her right now but she could never hate her. She was blood. Kin. \"And Theodora, how could she have been so stupid to bite into that apple. How could she so willingly turn herself into that creature all because of a ridiculous love affair\" Leah said a sliver of venom lacing her words. \"None of this makes sense. The last few years of my life have been a lie. And I'm just as stupid as Theo for falling for it all, for not seeing what was right in front of my face the entire time!\" She said her words getting more and more agitated as she spoke, her anger at her sisters and herself building. Glinda shook her head sadly and grasped the woman's forearm again. \"You're love for her prevented you from seeing it. That doesn't make you stupid\" She reassured feeling the anger that was coming off of the raven haired beauty. \"And Theo is naïve she always has been, she thinks with her heart and not her head and was gullible enough to succumb to the power that Evanora was offering\". \"Her power is great Glinda\" Leah said honestly turning her attention back to her sibling, who up and until a few hours was a mortal enemy. \"It's on par with ours maybe even surpasses it. She's not Theo anymore, there's nothing of her left. I don't even know what she is anymore. All I know is that the Theodora that we knew and loved is dead\" She said simply making sure her sister knew just how grave their situation was now. \"And what of Evanora?\" Glinda asked curiously wanting to know how the woman behind it all was at this present time. \"Something's wrong…\" Leahmora trailed off as she felt a small sting in her chest. She rubbed a hand over the area and she closed her eyes trying to feel for the woman. After a few seconds she felt what was left of their connection and tried to re-establish it but as soon as she did she regretted it as her mind was bombarded with agony. Her hands went to her head and she rubbed her temples wearily. \"She's in pain… A lot of pain…\" Leahmora got out as Glinda leaned closer curiously. \"What else can you feel?\" Glinda asked resting a hand on the girls leg trying to give her some of her strength. She missed having that kind of connection with her sisters. It was something they all cherished so much in their youth. How things had changed. \"Guilt… So much guilt. The pain she's feeling is unbearable\" She got out opening her eyes and taking a breath, shaking away her sisters emotions which had passed over onto her. \"When I was unconscious I had a few visions of her… She was chained to a wall and was being tortured…\" She trailed off as she recalled the images that were going through her mind just before surfaced back in the land of the living. \"The power's shifted\" Glinda gasped out, clicking instantly to what Leahmora was insinuating. \"Theo has taken control\" She added on and Leahmora nodded at her lightly. \"Can you pass me your skrying ball?\" She asked her sister who nodded and reached over onto her vanity to grab it. She handed it to her elder sister who tapped on the ball three times. Mentally she braced herself for what she would witness through the glass. The cloud within it faded and the person she wanted revealed appeared and she stifled the gasp that left her mouth as she gazed at the sight before her. Evanora was chained in one of the cells bruised and bloody and completely powerless. The two witches watched and listened as she wailed loudly, her tears mingling with the blood on her bruised face. In between the agonizing gasps they could make out the repeated murmurings of ' I'm sorry' and their names as she pleaded for forgiveness. Leahmora pulled her hands off of the ball unable to watch the scene anymore and once again it clouded over. She shook her head wearily a sadness washing over her as she thought of the woman who seemed to be in utter despair. That person she saw in that cell was not the almighty wicked witch that had caused so much trouble for everyone. She wasn't the woman who killed their father and she most certainly wasn't the woman who unleashed the creature her sister had become. She was broken. Completely and utterly broken. She turned her head to look at Glinda her face turning hard. She knew what she had to do and she had a feeling the blonde wouldn't be too happy with her decision. \"I need to get to her\" She said simply and Glinda flinched at her words. \"You can't. It's too dangerous… She's the cause of all of this, of what happened to you\" Glinda replied quickly standing up in defiance. She wasn't comfortable with the suggestion in the slightest. \"I know… But that doesn't mean she deserves that treatment Glinda. She's committed some heinous crimes yes but I can feel her suffering, the guilt. She's sorry for what she's done… And I can't leave her there to die she's my sister, she's our sister and I need to know the truth of all this\" Leahmora replied back shifting again so her legs were dangling over the edge of the bed, ignoring the protest of her body. Glinda's face dropped slightly and her eyes narrowed at the older woman in front of her. \"She's been trying to kill me for years, so have you. Did you ever think of trying to help me. To listen to what I had to say?\" She spat spitefully her jealousy that she'd buried for years and years beginning to surface. Leahmora winced at her words knowing that what she was saying was correct. \"Of course I did. I never wanted you dead, I wanted to talk and find out once and for all if you were the wicked one.\" Leahmora admitted looking up at the bitter blonde. On shaky legs she stood up in front of the woman, looking down on her with a soft gaze. \"And I'm sorry for all that we've put you through… If I could take it all back then I would. But tell me that you could let her rot in that cell until Theodora finally killed her. I don't believe that you could live with that. You're too much of a good person to allow that to happen\" She added on, resting her hands on the woman's shoulders gently. Glinda's face dropped with a resigned sigh. She knew her sister's words were correct. As much as she didn't like the woman at this present time she couldn't let her suffer. Not only for her own peace of mind for the woman before her as well. It would crush her should anything happen to Evanora, no matter how much she had hurt all of them. \"I've been just as awful towards you as she had, yet you welcomed me back with open arms. Surely she deserves a chance just to explain herself, just to see if she truly wants to fix the mess she created… And if it's all a ploy, if it's another one of her tricks and her lies then I'll…\" She trailed off her mouth suddenly going dry as she thought about the possible outcome. \"Then I'll kill her myself. Her decisions from now on are on my head\" She finally squeezed out regaining her composure. Glinda nodded at her. She trusted the woman's judgement, she trusted her to do the right thing. \"Very well then. Do you have any ideas?\" Glinda asked looking up at her sister with a reassuring gaze. She wasn't happy but she knew the woman would go and get their sister whether she'd told her not to. \"I have something\" She said rolling out the ache in her neck. The pain had dulled somewhat and for that she was grateful. \"You know the tunnels that run from the Emerald Palace and below the city?\" She asked Glinda who nodded at her in confirmation. \"The last year I've been extending them and adding some more routes in and out of the Castle. The only other person who knows about them is Evanora. Theo doesn't know anything\" She spoke and Glinda nodded once again at her. \"Why were you doing that? Those tunnels were useless… And why didn't you tell Theo?\" Glinda asked with a raised eyebrow. \"In case you attacked and the people needed a safe passage out of the city\" She said with a hint of embarrassment lacing her voice as she spoke. \"And because I didn't want to worry her. The less she knew about the in house politics the better.\" She said putting her hands on her hips and sighing loudly. \"So we're going to use the tunnels to get into the Palace I take it?\" Glinda summarized and her sister nodded at her affirmatively. \"I am. You're not\" Leahmora replied simply and Glinda shook her head almost exasperated at the woman's words. \"And why not?. You're in no condition to move around let alone embark on a rescue mission alone\" Glinda scolded the woman in disbelief. \"I'm the only one who can navigate those tunnels correctly and you'd stick out like a sore thumb with that hair of yours\" Leamora replied quickly flicking a strand of hair off of Glinda's face and smiling coyly at her. \"Trust me I'll be in and out of there before you know it, I'll be faster on my own and it'll save me worrying about you being caught the entire time\" She added on, a hint of pleading in her voice as she spoke. \"So now you care whether I'm in harm's way?\" Glinda bit unable to stop herself. She couldn't push away the anger she still felt at them all for the way she was treated, even though she knew the woman before her never intentionally meant to hurt her. \"Please don't…\" Leahmora said towards her rubbing her throbbing head wearily. \"You couldn't make me feel any worse about all that then I already do. I know it's going to take a long time to get your forgiveness but I'm going to do everything in my power to get it\" She said her voice softening as she looked down on her sibling again. Glinda sighed and squeezed the woman's hand ever so gently. \"I'm sorry, it's not you I'm angry at not really\" She spoke earnestly knowing she was being harsh. She didn't need to say the name for her sister to know who she was talking about. \"I just… After everything she's done, you're willing to go charging back in there to get her and it made me think… it made me think if you would have done that for me had the roles been reversed?\" She answered honestly her head dropping slightly as she spoke. Leahmora smiled softly at her and pulled her sister into a gentle hug. \"In a heartbeat Glinda, in a heartbeat\" She sighed resting her chin on the woman's head. She felt Glinda's arms wrap around her bruised frame gently, being sure not to aggravate any of her injuries. Pulling back she grinned at her sincerely. \"Now enough of this emotional stuff, we have a wicked witch to rescue\" She said firmly to the woman pulling up the steely façade she was infamous for. Glinda nodded at her and was about to speak when the door opened and in strolled Oz, a spring in his step and a smirk on his face. \"Ahh you're up… Are you alright?\" He asked kindly that ridiculous smirk he always wore on his face. Leahmora just glanced at him coldly before looking out the window. She knew she was being childish in her actions, but he had broken her sisters heart and in turn that had pushed her straight into Evanora's clutches. Had he never turned up then it would never had happened. But then had he never turned she'd never have discovered the truth. \"I'll be fine\" She said briskly gingerly limping over to the window and gazing out at the courtyard of Glinda's palace in the Quadling country. \"My sister won't be though… You broke her heart\" She said simply not even sparing a glance at the man who was looking down at the ground sheepishly, nervously running a hand through his hair. He'd gotten on the bad side of people before due to his womanising ways but he had never been as anxious as he was now as he was on the receiving end of the anger of a very powerful witch. \"I'm sorry\" He got out, trying to be as sincere as possible. He had never meant for her to be so infatuated with him, he had never meant for her to become what Glinda had said she'd become, and he'd never meant for the pretty young witch to get hurt. \"You're sorry\" Leahmora scoffed still not looking at the man but her distaste for him was evident in her tone. \"It's far too late for sorry Oscar. What's done is done. I have far more pressing matters to deal with than you right now so we'll deal with all this once I've brought my sister here\" She said simply signalling the end of that conversation. \"You're bringing your sister here? Which one?\" He asked curiously looking between Glinda and the woman on the other side of the room who had yet to look at him. \"Evanora. Theodora has taken her captive and is now in complete control of Oz.\" Glinda said answering, knowing that her sibling wasn't going to say another word to the man just yet. \"Are you sure that's a good idea?\" He said hesitantly his eyes flicking to the stoic frame by the window. \"She doesn't deserve what is happening to her. So yes I think it is a good idea. And if Theodora is the animal she's become then we will need everything and everyone to stop her, including the woman who made her like that\" Glinda said, backing her sister's decision to save their eldest sibling. \"She's not the only one who made her like that\" Leahmora said coldly, unable to hold her tongue. She thought she had said that in her head but clearly not. Oz shifted nervously from foot to foot once again, grimacing as he did so. He was about to speak to the witch but Glinda's shake of her head told him otherwise and so he decided to speak to her instead. \"Right then… What's the plan?\". 0o0o0o0o Evanora was huddled up in the cell, knees still curled up tightly up to her chest. The tears had finally stopped, the sobs had finally stopped and the emotional pain she'd been feeling for the past couple of hours had all but gone. Now though she was numb. She couldn't feel a thing what-so-ever. She couldn't even feel the physical injuries that Theodora had inflicted on her during her second visit to the cell that she now called a home. Instead she sat there with her bleary and swollen eyes focused on the grey and grubby wall ahead of her, her mind lost and wandering in an old memory of a happier time. A time she wished she could go back to. A time when all four of them were together and laughing and looking after one another. A time when everything was simpler. A time she knew she'd never get again. The one she was closest to was dead. The one she swore to protect may as well have been dead. And the one she'd loved but envied at the same time despised her. Those carefree days of her youth would never happen again. This was her life now. Pain, regret, guilt, misery. These four walls that surrounded her was her home. She wanted to scream at herself. She wanted to rage at herself but she had nothing left to give inside of her now. Her energy was sapped, her fight had all but been extinguished, crushed beneath the mountain of guilt that clung to her skin and suffocated her with every breath she took. Her eyes were dull and lifeless, there was no spark in her eyes anymore as she came to terms with the destruction she'd caused single-handedly. It was as if the life had been sucked out of her. Her heart may have come back but so did the emotions that came with it, and those emotions had succeeded in ripping her apart leaving nothing but a shell. The final blow into the unforgiving organ being the death of her sister. That had been the breaking point and she knew it. What she'd give to see her sister one more time. To tell her how sorry she was for everything she'd done, to beg for her forgiveness and to show her how much she wanted to atone for her sins. But she was too late. All she had left in this pit she called home were her memories. Several of which were replaying behind the whites of her eyes. Evanora was sat beneath one of the large trees that resided in the vast gardens that lurked behind the gigantic Emerald Palace. In one hand she held a book that she was trying her hardest to read it but the squeals of her two youngest siblings, Glinda being 11 and Theodora being 8 kept distracting her. Looking up she watched as the two ran around in dizzying circles playing one of their ridiculous games. She shook her head at their antics and sighed, there was nowhere she could find peace these days. Trying to ignore their irritating giggles she focused back on her book but jumped out of her skin as a voice appeared from above her. \"What are you reading?\" Came Leahmora's voice and she looked up to find the girl lying along one of the tree branches leisurely looking down on her. \"Could you please not do that\" Evanora gasped a hand on her chest to try and stop her rapidly beating heart. The girl seemed to have a knack for appearing and disappearing at the most inconvenient of times and had a nasty habit of scaring her half to death. \"Well I'm sorry you didn't see me up here\" She laughed sitting up and swinging her legs over the edge of the branch still looking down on her older sister a ridiculous smirk on her lips. \"You're frightening when you want to be\" Evanora huffed before closing the book and putting it down next to her, knowing that she wasn't going to be reading it anytime soon. \"And if you must know it's one of mother's old books. I've read most of the others and I found this in her and fathers room this morning\" She shrugged glancing at the book with a wry smile on her lips as she remembered her late mother. All of them had yet to come to terms with the loss which was still so raw. She looked at the two who were joyfully playing amongst the bushes, oblivious to what was going on around them and she couldn't help but envy how easily they'd bounced back from their mother's passing, how resilient they were. They were lucky they didn't understand death as much as she and Leahmora did. \"You're missing her aren't you\" The teenager said down at her, as if she had read her mind. Evanora nodded at her honestly knowing that it would be pointless to pretend that she wasn't. \"Me too\" The teen added on comfortingly as she swung her legs lazily through the air. \"I'm sorry I've been cold towards you all, especially to Glinda and Theo… It's hard being responsible for you all now. I'm not used to it yet\" Evanora sighed and she watched her sister slip down off of the tree and land gracefully. She sat down on the warm grass beside her and leaned back against the tree trunk casually. \"We'll share the responsibility if you want. Mother always said a problem shared is a problem halved and we all know how much of a handful Theo can be alone\" She laughed sweetly trying to cheer her up and Evanora smiled at her grateful to have the girl beside her, she may have been three years younger but she had a wise head on her shoulders and any support she could get would be wonderful. \"I can't ask you to bear this burden sister. Mother asked me to look after you all not just those two\" Evanora replied her mother's words ringing in her ears. \"Well mother told me that we have to look after each other, which means you need someone to look after you. Which is what I'm doing\" Leahmora countered instantly knowing her sister would make excuses. She knew her sister was stubborn and prided herself on keeping her word. \"We've always done everything together so why not this\" She said simply and Evanora positively beamed at the words that left her siblings mouth. Without any hesitation she pulled the girl into a tight hug sending the two rolling around on the ground laughing loudly with each other. They were about to pull apart when the wind was suddenly knocked out of them as two smaller bodies dived on top of them, high pitched laughter ringing in their ears. \"Theo you're too heavy get off\" Leahmora laughed as she let go of Evanora and grabbed a hold of her youngest sister who was lying on top of her. She chucked the girl to one side and began tickling her relentlessly. \"Okay I'm sorry!\" The child squealed as she tried to fight off the teenager who stopped the tickling and grinned at her ruffling her hair up purposely. Just then she felt two small arms wrap around her neck and someone jumped on her back, toppling her over once again. \"Glinda I swear…\" She laughed loudly as she tried to buck the girl off her back but she didn't need to do anymore as Evanora pulled her backwards, swinging the blonde around quickly making the two of them dizzy. Leah slung an arm around her baby sisters shoulder and watched as the other two stopped spinning and wobbled over to them beneath the tree, falling down dizzily. And there they sat for hours, just playing and talking and reading. Looking after each other, helping each other through their shared grief, exchanging stories about their mother. And making a promise, a promise to look out for each other until they are old and haggard. A promise they thought would never be broken. Evanora let out a sigh as she pulled herself from the memory which felt like was from another age. Oh how she wished for those days again, she would take them in a heartbeat. She would take those days filled with laughter and love over the endless despair she found herself in now. But she'd made her bed and now she had to lie in it. She couldn't point the finger at anyone bar herself. She threw it all away, no one else. Yes she'd tried to redeem herself but it was too little too late. She'd crossed the line years ago. She crossed the line when she killed their father. And with a shuddering exhale she shut her eyes, the emotional exhaustion becoming all too much for her frail body and mind to take. And inwardly she begged that should sleep overcome her they be filled with images of the good old days, the happy days, not the bleak existence she was currently lost in. She needed some kind of solace. She needed something or someone to save her damned and fractured soul from this hell she'd dug herself into. She needed salvation. I cannot apologise enough for how long it's taken me to get this out. Life just got in the way and my writing muse abandoned me for months. But I think it's back, well I hope it's back anyway as I truly adore writing this story. So guys if you're still with me then thank you so much for your patience, and I hope this was a fulfilling chapter for you all, it was tough to write but I'm quite happy with how it turned out in the end after countless redrafts. I'm writing the next chapter now, and I'm trying to get it out by the end of next week but don't hold me to that, I've let you all down enough times before with my updates. So thank you again my darlings, your responses are always incredibly humbling. Gwen.[Chapter 6] Just a tidbit of information for you. Name change alert. Formerly GwenCooper92 - now - The Pedantic Lady Pendragon - My dears. \"I still don't think you should be going in there alone\" Glinda scolded as she watched as Oz shifted a large boulder to one side, revealing a small human shaped hole that was going down into the ground. They were on the outskirts of the destroyed Chinatown, the smell of smoke still lingering in the air. \"You're injuries are still bad and if you were to run into any trouble then no way could you defend yourself\". \"I'll be fine Glinda trust me\" She said in a reassuring manner giving her sister a knowing look. Yes she was in a lot of pain, yes her sister was probably right and she wouldn't be able to hold her own as well as usual but she was going to get Evanora and she was going to get her now. The pain her sister was feeling had gotten stronger in the last few hours and she didn't know how much more of it she could take. \"I do trust you. I just don't trust the people in that Castle\" Glinda sighed as she fiddled with the white wand she had in her hand. \"How do you know it's not just an illusion, an elaborate ploy to lure you back in and kill you as soon as you get there?\" Glinda posed her worry getting greater as time wore on. \"I just know Glinda okay. It's not an illusion and it's not a trap. Evanora is suffering and she will die if we don't help her soon… You said you trusted me so trust me?\" She said back at her, hands on her hips strongly as she looked down on her younger sibling. Glinda gave a resigned sigh and nodded knowing that it was pointless trying to deter her head strong sister off of the path she wanted to take. She'd tried continuously to ward her off but every time her words were shot down. \"Fine. How long will it take you to get Evanora and get out of there?\" Glinda questioned wanting to be prepared for their arrival back. \"No longer than an hour. We will be back I promise you that. The both of us will be\" She said strongly to Glinda and gave her a quick hug before disappearing into the stone crevice and out of sight. \"She'll be fine\" Oz said finally speaking. He hadn't dared say much around the two witches for fear of the dark haired one tearing his head off of his shoulders. \"She's tough… And scary. Really scary actually\" Oz said shaking his head and looking to the beautiful blonde beside him who had a pensive look on her face. \"Oscar\" Glinda spoke up finally tearing her gaze away from the tunnel entrance and looking towards the man expectantly. \"Could you do me a favour?\". 0o0o0o0o0o Leahmora walked through the dark and dank tunnels magically lighting the torches that lined the walls as she went along. To say she was nervous was an understatement. She was walking in completely blind with no back up and carrying some vicious injuries which would most definitely hamper her should she come into contact with someone. Suddenly this didn't feel like the best idea she'd ever had but it was all she had right now. Pushing on she gathered that she was near the halfway point of the route, just coming up to the edge of the Emerald city judging by the hardening of the walls around and the flecks of green that were embedded amongst the earth. She didn't know what she would do once she got into the castle. All she knew was that this particular tunnel she was walking through led straight to the dungeons where the cells and prisoners were kept. She'd think about how she would deal with guards when she got there. The silence of the tunnel however was suddenly broken though as she heard footsteps coming from behind her. Spinning on her heel she held her hand out in front of her ready to attack whoever had made their way around her. Suddenly the face she really didn't want to see emerged from around the corner and instantly his hands flew up in the air in surrender as he saw her outstretched hand pointing directly at him. \"Easy!\" He said quickly and he didn't miss the growl that emanated from her throat at his presence. \"What exactly are you doing here Oscar?\" She asked exasperated as she looked at the man before her. \"Your sister sent me after you. She didn't want you going in there alone and I've never been able to refuse a ladies request\" He said with a cheeky smile as he neared her and she rolled her eyes at his words. \"Well don't refuse my request then and go back\" She said to him quickly but he shook his head and sent her a charming smile whilst straightening out his suit. \"No can do ma'am. I've made a promise to Glinda to back you up\" He replied instantly deciding that he was going to go on the charm offensive. Being nice hadn't really worked so he'd use what he was good at. She groaned loudly and rubbed her head wearily.\"Urgh fine you can come along, but if you fall behind don't expect me to save you\" She uttered turning and continuing on her path, Oscar hurrying along behind her. He was the last person she wanted with her right now. She'd yet to deal with him. \"That's good to know\" He smiled falling into step with the witch whose stride was slower due to the limp she was carrying. \"That's not the only reason I've come you know…\" He said to her honestly deciding to try and mend what was wrong between them whilst it was only the two of them. It could go one of two ways he knew that. Reconciliation or she'd kill him on the spot and tell Glinda it was Theodora. He hoped it was the former. \"Oh do enlighten me\" She scoffed sarcastically looking at him with her peripheral vision. \"I came because I know that this is my fault\" He said simply sucking up his pride. He knew as soon as he discovered what had happened that he had played an essential part in how things had turned out and it had taken him a while to acknowledge it but he did now and he wanted to make sure she knew that. Glinda had said there was good in him, that he had a good heart and could be a good man and this is where he would start. She halted her movements and turned to look at him, crossing her arms over her chest. \"Go on\" She urged wanting to know what he had to say for himself. If he would be her only back up if things went awry then she needed to know if he was someone she could put her faith in somewhat. \"I treated Theodora wrong. I gave her false hope even though she did take it completely the wrong way\" He spoke but raised his hands in defense once more as she cocked an eyebrow at him. \"But I shouldn't have initiated anything anyway. It was wrong\" He admitted and she nodded at him agreeing with his words. \"And I kinda owe you my life. You saved me from those monkeys when you really didn't have to, so this is my way of repaying you and my way of saying sorry. Because I am sorry\" He said earnestly giving it everything he had. She looked him up and down and her posture loosened hands coming down to rest by her side. For the first time since she'd met him she could actually feel the sincerity coming off of him. He was truly sorry for the role he had played in recent events. \"Thank you for your apology. It doesn't right what's happened but it's a start and I know how hard it must be for someone like you to admit they made a mistake\" She said coyly a hint of a laugh in her voice. He felt the tension of the tunnel leave and a large grin came across his face as he looked at her. She hadn't killed him. T hank God for that . \"Someone like me?\" He asked with a cheeky wink wanting her to elaborate on her words. \"Yes someone like you. Arrogant, self-absorbed. Need I go on?\" She said a small smile coming to her bruised face as she started once again the so called wizard following suit. \"Ouch\" He mocked rubbing his chest in a dramatic manner and she just scoffed at him loudly. \"Come on let's move. The faster we get Evanora the faster I can get out of this tunnel. There's only so much I can take of being alone with you in an enclosed space\" She muttered half-heartedly quickening her pace through the tunnels. Oscar just smirked after her glad at the lightened atmosphere. \"If I only I could say the same\". 0o0o0o0o0o Evanora was still in the same position she'd been in for the past few hours. Her eyes were vacant and glassy and the only sound that could be heard was the loud rumbling of her hungry stomach though she didn't notice it. The hours of torture she had endured by her sisters hand had taken all of her energy, all of her fight. She just wanted it to end. Why couldn't Theodora have just killed her and put her out of her misery. She was done. Her powers were contained and her newly returned heart was already broken into pieces. The longer she stayed in this godforsaken place the more she felt she would lose her mind. For the first time in her life she felt weak. Physically and emotionally weak. It was too small and too cramped and far too quiet. The only other sound that could be heard bar her grumbling stomach was the rhythmic footsteps of the Winky guard that was patrolling up and down the corridor outside of her cell. He didn't even spare a glance at her obviously too frightened to engage in any kind of conversation. Theodora must have really frightened them in order for that to happen. Shaking her head and rolling onto her other side she was going to close her eyes when the steady footsteps she had become accustomed to stopped and instead she could heard a sizzling zap, scuffling and hushed voices. Sitting upright in fear at who was there she pushed herself all the way back against the wall. There was definitely someone else in the dungeons. 0o0o0o0o0o \"This is it\" Leahmora spoke quietly as she looked up above her at the lone stone paving. Oscar was about to speak but she slapped her hand over his mouth shushing him as footsteps echoed across the paving signalling someone had just walked overhead. Hearing the steps die off she removed her hand. \"You were going to say?\" She whispered at him through the darkness. \"What are we going to do when we get up there if there's someone walking back and forth?\" He uttered quietly straining his ears for anything else. \"I think it's only one person. Should be simple enough to deal with. It's just a case of timing it correctly\" She replied back to him and sighed as she realised that she'd have to ask him a favour. Something she really didn't want to do. \"I need you to lift me up a bit so I can open the entry a little and have a look what's up there. I would fly up off the ground but that will take up too much of my energy, energy that I need to save for our escape\" She grumbled miserably where-as he just smiled cheekily at her and rubbed his hands together gleefully. \"It would be my pleasure\" He laughed lightly kneeling down and taking a hold of her legs and with a quick hoist he lifted her into the air surprised by how light she was. Getting the boost she needed she raised the paving ever so slightly and looked out through the small crack. Ahead of her she could see a set of feet at the other end of the hallway facing the other way but that didn't last long as suddenly the figure turned around and she dropped the paving quickly the sudden movement causing Oscar to lose his grip on her and send the two down on to the dirt. Leah held in the groan as her already bruised body throbbed painfully at the solid contact beneath her. \"Sorry about that. You moved too quickly\" Oscar whispered as she rolled off of him, instantly noticing the position they had landed in, her body sprawled across his. Oscar laughed lightly and getting to his feet he extending his hand for her to take which she didn't and instead got up by herself. Brushing herself off she just sighed. \"It's fine\" She said simply before listening out for the footsteps which were passing overhead once again. \"Right we go again. When I tell you I need you to give me a bigger boost. I'm going to lift the paving completely and jump the guard without him noticing. Then we grab the keys, get Evanora and get out of here as fast as possible okay\" She spoke to him briskly and he nodded in affirmation. \"Yes ma'am\" He spoke kneeling down once again and waiting for the footsteps to pass over again. \"Now\" She said and this time he boosted her up harder. She lifted the paving completely out of its hole and slid it as quietly as she could to the side. Her eyes were focused on the guard who seemed completely oblivious to her emergence. Grabbing the sides she hoisted herself up into the dungeons quietly, Oscar following suit and pulling himself up and out of the hole. Holding her hand out she shot a flash of blue at the guard who jerked at the sudden contact and fell forward into the opposite wall, dazed and disorientated at the shock his body had received. Oscar hurried past Leahmora and over to the guard and with a solid punch to the man's face he knocked him out cold before grabbing the keys off of his belt. \"See I'm not as useless as you think\" He grinned at her before tossing the keys in her direction. She caught them deftly and scanned the first cell. Nothing. Moving onto the next one once again she saw nothing. Quickening her pace she arrived at the third cell on the left and as she peeked into it she could make out a shadowed figure who was practically stuck to the wall. Fiddling with the keys in her hand she quickly entered the cell and ran over to the person she knew more than anyone. \"Evanora\" She cried out sliding down next to the woman who was shaking violently and had eyes wide as saucers. \"L-Leahmora\" She choked out as she looked upon the woman before her. S urely she couldn't be here. She was dead. Theodora had said she'd killed her. She'd seen her heart. \"You're d-dead\" She squeezed out in complete shock as she examined the person in front of her. \"Not yet sister\" She said smiling wryly at her as she tugged at the restraints that were binding her sister. \"I'm getting you out of here\" She said as she blasted the thick chains with her magic, the steel objects falling off the wall instantly. She went to pull her sister up but the woman flinched from her grasp. \"How do I know you're you. That you're not one of Theo's tricks\" She said shakily looking the woman up and down. If she'd procured that fake heart then who's to say this wasn't Theodora in disguise. Leahmora sighed sadly at her and grabbed a hold of her wrists gently. \"It's me I promise. You just have to believe me\" She said reassuringly stroking the woman's matted black hair softly. She felt the woman's body un-tense at the soothing action. \"Plus if I was one of Theo's tricks would I have Oscar with me\" She added on pointing her thumb over her shoulder at the man who was stood there looking incredibly awkward. Evanora looked at where she was pointing and at the man who gave her a small anxious wave. \"I'll explain everything once we get out of here. Come on\" She ordered and this time Evanora allowed her to lift her to her feet. \"Can you walk alright?\" She asked softly and Evanora took a few steps forward but her pace was slow and she didn't look safe on her legs. Using her initiative she grabbed a hold of Evanora's arm and slung it over her shoulder taking most of the woman's weight. They made their way out of the cell and towards the exposed hole in the ground. Leah handed her sister over to Oz who held the woman awkwardly whilst she jumped down into the tunnel. Oscar then proceeded to lower Evanora down into the tunnel. Oz jumped down after them and the three took off with haste but their progress was halted not a few minutes later when a loud urgent chiming hit their ears. \"What's that sound?\" Oscar asked nervously as he heard what sounded like a bell ringing and ringing. \"That's the alarm bell\" Evanora said fearfully and the group took off once again going as fast as they could which wasn't very fast due to the two injured witches. \"She knows\" The woman practically shuddered as they picked up the pace, both trying to ignore their protesting bodies. \"Oscar take her for me\" Leahmora spoke briskly as she handed Evanora over to an anxious looking Oz who hesitantly put the woman's arm around his shoulders and took her weight. With him half carrying the woman they began to move at a faster pace. The bells were fading into the distance the farther into the tunnels they moved but it wasn't as comforting as it should have been because another sound hit their ears. Footsteps. Lots and lots of footsteps. \"Oscar please tell me you shut the opening in the ground when you jumped down?\" Leahmora groaned annoyance filling her voice. He looked at her with his eyes wide and filled with shame and no one missed the growl that left her lips. \"How much further?\" Evanora asked looking at her sibling as they continued to push onwards trying to outrun the thunderous footsteps that were echoing through the hollow tunnels. \"Not much, but I don't know if we'll be able to outrun them\" Leahmora said nervously as she led the way, following the path that the lit torches illuminated. Looking at them an idea sprang to mind. Turning around she extinguished every single one they went past hoping that it would cause the guards behind them to lose their tracks. It was wishful thinking but it was all she had. \"Glinda's waiting on the otherside for us, as soon as we get there we're going straight for the Quadling country\" She spoke to her sibling breathlessly as they rushed through the labyrinth of tunnels. \"Glinda's here?\" Evanora said her red eyes widening as she looked to her sister. Surely not. Surely not after all she'd done, the woman was helping to rescue her. Leahmora just nodded at her and continued onwards. Now wasn't the time to speak about such matters, they had to get out of this place first. Then she would explain everything to her sister. So onwards they ran, the footsteps behind them get louder and louder with every passing minute. They weren't far away now, one left turn and they exit would be right there. \"There it is!\" Oscar exclaimed pointing at the light that filtered through the gap up ahead of them relief filling his voice but that soon turned to fear he caught a glimpse of a horde of winky guards barrelling up behind them. \"They've found us\" He yelled to Leahmora who looked over her shoulder and groaned loudly. \"Right get out now!\" She ordered strongly as she came to a halt and turned to look at the guards. Oscar paused momentarily wondering what she was doing but she sent him a stern glance. \"Go!\" She yelled at him and he didn't need to be told again as he pulled a struggling Evanora along with him. \"We can't leave her. I can't leave her\" Evanora yelled at the man beside her as she struggled in his grasp but in her weakened condition the imbecile was begrudgingly far stronger than her. \"She'll be out right after us\" Oscar replied to the woman as he chucked her out through the gap and jumped out instantly ushering the woman over to her sister who was waiting anxiously. Sucking up all her strength Leahmora watched them near before an almighty yell left her mouth and throwing her hands out she pulled the earth from above them down with her magic. The tunnel above began to collapse as the foundations she had laid so carefully came undone, snapping and shuddering under her magic. She watched as the guards were consumed by the earth before spinning and running as fast as she could towards the exit, the tunnel around her crumbling. She could feel the rumble beneath her feet as she ran and felt the earth hit her back as the mounds of debris collapsed above her. The brightness stung her eyes as she focused on the tunnel nervously. She could hear the sound of snapping wood and the cries of the winky guards as they ultimately perished by some force and her heart was racing in her chest as she noticed the earth above the tunnel disappearing into the ground. She was collapsing the tunnels. Evanora waited with baited breath, one arm still gripping a hold of Oz's shoulder weakly. The rumbling got louder and louder and the collapsing earth got closer to them. She held her breath as she waited and waited for her sister to appear, praying that she would get out in front of the rubble and not get crushed beneath it. And finally she saw what she wanted. Leahmora launched herself out of the exit and skidded across the floor roughly as the entrance to the cave collapsed behind her, leaving nothing but a pile of rock and mud. Evanora limped over to her sibling and threw her arms around her tightly, her body shaking in pain and in relief that they'd gotten out of the damned place. \"It's alright\" Leahmora cooed comfortingly as she stroked her sisters head, shushing her quietly in her ear and gently rocking the shaking woman back and forth. \"Are you hurt?\" She asked kindly pulling back and examining the older woman. In the brightness of the outdoors she could see the visible cuts and bruises that covered her face as well as the torn and blood-stained dress she currently wore. \"I'll be okay\" Evanora said weakly as what little remained of her energy depleted now that they'd come to a halt. \"What about you?\" She asked hesitantly as she took in her sister's condition, only now seeing just how much damage Theodora had done to the woman. The right side of her face was a mess as vicious cuts and bruises littered it, obscuring the ivory hue of her skin. Unconsciously her hand skimmed across the wounded cheek, fingertips barely brushing the marred flesh. Leahmora lifted her hand to Evanora's and eased the digits away from her face gently giving the woman a reassuring nod. \"I'll be okay too\" She said softly as she pushed herself up to her feet, Evanora taking the hand that was extended to her. The two raven haired witches turned to look at their other companions and a tense silence overcame them as Glinda and Evanora made eye contact for the first time. The two could barely look at each other, both for their own personal reasons. Evanora's look was filled with sorrow and guilt, guilt so strong it was breaking Leahmora's heart, whilst Glinda had an almost impassive and weary glare and everyone could see the battle that was raging behind those blue eyes. Unable to deal the tension anymore Leahmora cleared her throat, drawing the attention of her siblings and their male companion. \"Come on let's get back to Glinda's palace it's not safe here\" She said strongly and the three nodded their approval. Now really wasn't the time for a sibling showdown. \"I haven't got the energy to fly\" Evanora uttered weakly, disgusted by how pathetic she sounded. The look she'd shared with her sibling had ignited something within her, giving her a semblance of sanity back and causing the protective wall she'd held up for so many years to build up slightly once again. She may be remorseful for her actions but she was far too proud to snivel and beg her sister's forgiveness, not just yet anyway. Glinda nodded her head warily and waved her wand causing large bubbles to form around every member of their party, Evanora and Leahmora sharing a bubble. Effortlessly the group began to float high up and into the beautiful Oz sky, an uncomfortable if not peaceful silence over coming them all as the adrenaline from earlier wore off completely. Evanora was sat beside her sister in the bubble, her head resting tiredly on the taller woman's shoulder. Her limbs felt as heavy as her heart and she couldn't stop herself from indulging the comfort that she was getting right now. Comfort in the fact that she was free from that dungeon, comfort in the fact that even after all she'd done her sister had still come to rescue her and comfort in the fact that the same sister was truly alive and well. Her arm was linked to her younger siblings and the feel of the other woman's body next to hers only helped to reassure her that she wasn't as alone as she thought and that she may truly have a chance to sort this mess that she'd created out. But even through the comfort she could tell that the woman beside her wasn't her normal self. Her posture was rigid and stiff, her face impassive and a slightly cold expression covered her face. Sure her sister wasn't one to show her emotions and always had this calm and collected façade, but she never looked this cold, this unsure. She knew what was causing the look though. Her . Her betrayal was causing all of it. The subtle almost hesitant glances that the faux Wizard and her blonde sister were sharing and sneaking her way, that was due to her presence. The way the woman beside her was stoic and frozen as if holding her at an emotional arms-length. She'd never been held at an arms-length before and certainly not from her greatest friend. It was a feeling she honestly and truly didn't like. But Evanora knew she deserved it. She knew things would never be the same for a very long time. Her actions had cut wounds deep into her family's hearts, slicing at the artery and causing unimaginable pain for them all. Just because they had rescued her did not mean they'd forgiven her, not in the slightest that much was obvious now. But she still had a chance. They didn't have to rescue her, but they did. Which meant they must have some faith in her, some love for her still? . She clung onto that thought, using it to anchor her warring emotions. She'd make them trust her again and she'd make them believe her again for if she failed then it would have all been for nothing. If they weren't going to forgive her then she may as well have allowed her mind, body and soul to succumb to the darkness that had been threatening to completely consume her for a very long time. She'd fought off the evil that had tinted every fibre of her being for her sister, her family. Now it was damage control time. She needed to show them just how sorry she was, just how guilty she felt, even if it meant going to extreme lengths she was willing to do it for them. To right all the wrong and all the sins that she'd committed. Sighing softly she let her mind wander off, her gaze focusing on the beauty that surrounded her as they floated gracefully through the air. Looking down on all the small towns, the eye catching yellow brick road and the thick and lush green forests made her guilt swim to the surface once again. She was going to destroy all of this, all of this raw and pure beauty would have been annihilated. All for a pretty little crown. She swallowed down the guilt once again snapping herself out of her self-loathing musings, she'd save them for later. \"You're thinking too loud\" Her sister said simply not turning to look at her and instead choosing to gaze upon the huge bubble wall that surrounded the Quadling Country. \"Sorry\" Evanora replied a flush of shame washing over her face. \"It's okay\" Leahmora sighed quietly running a tired hand through her hair, the events from the previous few days finally catching up to her battered body. All the relief she'd felt when she'd found her sister had disappeared, being replaced by a bubbling cauldron of questions and accusations. She'd tried to shake those irritable thoughts away but they kept coming back stronger and stronger. She needed answers and she didn't want to wait for them to come but she knew she had to. She needed to be patient with Evanora. The woman was fragile at the moment, in every sense of the word. She wanted to rip her to shreds for all that she'd done but she wanted to hold her and tell her everything was alright at the same time. Her head was a mess and she'd wished she'd thought about what would happen after she'd rescued the woman. Glinda waved her hands through the air and opened a hole in the wall. No matter how sorry Evanora might think she was, there was no way she would get through the wall. Not yet anyway. She could see the people of her country begin to gather in the courtyard intrigued by their Queen and her guests. She knew how fast rumors circulated around the area and news of her attempted rescue of the Wicked Witch obviously spread like wildfire. She could feel their fear the closer she got to the ground. Eventually they landed and Evanora didn't miss the startled fearful gasps that rippled throughout the surrounding area. She could feel the eyes burning into her body and she could feel the anger and fear that radiated off of them as they looked upon her form. Her heart started to race and her eyes were glued to the ground, unable to meet their own for fear of losing complete control. Her body started to tremble slightly and she wanted the ground to just swallow her up right there. She felt like she was being squeezed and suffocated, their eyes boring into every fragment of her being, stripping away everything she was. She felt like she was drowning as the guilt began to over flow around her and ensnare her body and mind. She was sure she was going to pass out right there as the intense emotions that rolled around inside of her violently began to strengthen. But then she felt an arm tighten around hers and a soft lithe hand rested on her elbow, gently guiding her away from the eyes of the terrified and disgusted locals. She sucked in the strength her sister was giving her and calmed her erratic breathing and found it within her to raise her head slightly as they walked behind Oz and Glinda and towards the palace. The more she walked the higher her head came up as she pushed through the violence raging within herself, the reassuring presence by her side aiding in quelling the tumultuous emotions whirring in her mind. Her face hardened as her pride finally began to catch up, also helping to drain the extreme guilt that she almost lost herself in. She wouldn't let them see her so weak. Remorseful yes. Weak no. She'd never been weak, never in her life had she ever been perceived as weak and she'd be damned if she was to let them see her as it now. She could feel the old part of her surging forward, that arrogant air of invincibility that she'd sauntered around in for so many years. She hated that part of her, she honestly did, but right now it was that precise attitude that would stop her legs from crumbing beneath her. \"Just keep moving. Don't make eye contact\" Leahmora whispered under her breath as they pushed past the last of the people and ascended the grand marble stairs. She sent a stern nod at her sibling and just focused at the route ahead of her. Nearly there. A few more steps and she would be away from the unforgiving eyes that were piercing through her. Those last few seconds felt like hours. Long, arduous hours. Her second wind of resolve was disappearing just as fast as it had appeared and her steely expression dropped into a sorrowful crestfallen gaze once again as they stepped through the massive oak doors. It was closed behind her immediately. And finally as they all stood in the huge front area of the Palace, an awkward and uncomfortable silence descending over them like a prickly blanket, Glinda straightened herself out and looked into the eyes of her sister once again. It was time for them to have a conversation. So another long delay my friends and once again I am truly sorry and a dreadful person for making you all wait this long for another chapter. I have been seriously lolly-gagging on this and my other stories you have my full apologies. Evanora has been rescued from her prison but she's still trapped in the prison in her mind so the next couple of chapters will be revolving around her dealing with all that she's done, pleading for forgiveness and attempting to reconcile with both her siblings. It's going to get quite emotionally heavy so I'm giving you a forewarning!. Also I had to give you a chapter with a little bit of action, just a teaser though and something to break up the angsty-ness that this story holds. I read through it all and didn't realise how angsty it actually is and couldn't help but chuckle. But hey-ho everyone loves the angst and the tension it gives a story as it slowly builds. So friends do tell me what you think about this chapter, did it live up to your expectations? Has it left you wanting more? If so let me know, the more reviews I get the quicker I get the next chapter out which is already half written you glorious people. Until next time my friends. Take care. Gwen.[Chapter 7] The silence was deafening and every person in that room could feel the tension that coiled through the air and around their bodies, Evanora and Glinda's steely gazes on one another only fueling the building aggravation. \"Leahmora\" Glinda spoke up, breaking her gaze away from her eldest sibling and to the other one, her face giving away nothing. \"Could I have five minutes with Evanora… Alone?\" She said simply her eyes now fixed on the cerulean blue of the only other truly good witch of the family. Leahmora gulped and sent a glance to Evanora who stood frozen stiff beside her. She felt the woman's arm tighten around her own at the blonde's request and could feel more of Evanora's weight leaning onto her body. Evanora looked up into her eyes and she could see the fatigue that filled them, the tiredness and just how wounded she was. Making her mind up she turned her gaze to the blonde. \"Now isn't the time for this Glinda. Please can we allow her to rest, if only for an hour or two and then you two can speak as freely as you want\" Leahmora replied in a soft manner but there was a sternness lacing her words as if leaving no room for an argument. Glinda though obviously didn't pick up on it. \"I need to speak to her now\" Glinda spoke her voice coming out in a harsh tone. She hadn't meant to react like that but she needed her answers, she needed to know why. She waited years for this moment, suffered for years at the hands of the woman she once called a sister. \"You don't need to Glinda… You want to, that's the difference. She's in no state to get into a heated argument just yet, allow me to tend to her wounds and help her rest and then she's all yours\" Leahmora replied just as sharply. She knew she should have just chucked Evanora at Glinda and allowed the woman to rage at her, scream at her, make her feel the emotional turmoil that her little sister had endured at her hands, at their hands really. A part of her wanted to because she was just as hurt about the woman's actions. But she couldn't do it. She knew that Glinda would say something she would regret, something she would punish herself for even saying it, no matter who to. No, if she had to take some of Glinda's wrath until the blonde had cooled off and the eldest of them was in a well enough position to talk to her then so be it. She was used to being the buffer between the two women, she had done it almost her entire life. Glinda sent her a scathing look, her hands clenching at her sides. For such an ethereal beauty who was the epitome of calm she sure could look fierce when she was angry about something. It looked so wrong on her face, so wrong. \"Everytime\" She spat almost bitterly, fiery gaze burning holes into her sisters head. \"You'll always choose her… You'd choose a monster over the one person who has never hurt you, never betrayed you\" She said with an envious glare before turning on her heel and stalking off through the palace. \"Glinda wait\" Leahmora yelled after her sister but she had gone from sight in a blink. The words stung but she shook it off immediately, now wasn't the time to dwell on such matters. She'd sort Evanora out first and deal with Glinda later. Oz took this as his cue to leave and quickly followed the raging blonde witch but not before sending a sympathetic look towards the two raven haired witches who were still hovering by the door. Now it was just the two of them and slowly Leahmora stepped forward, gently tugging her tired sister along with her and guiding them through to the room she had claimed as her own. Limping into the room Leahmora eased her sister down onto the large, plush bed before walking over to the vanity and conjuring a bowl of water and rag. Evanora winced as she sat down, the torture she'd endured really starting to make itself known after the excursion of their escape. All she wanted to do was sleep. She watched her sister through her heavy lidded eyes and could see how worn down she looked. Her motions were sluggish, her head hanging low on her chest, her inability to make proper eye contact with her. She watched her walk back over to her, the water in her hands and she couldn't stop her mind from flashing back to being in exactly same position as a few days ago, the only difference being she was the one doing the tending. Leahmora kneeled down in front of her and dipped the rag into the warm water before raising it and beginning to gently wipe away the blood from her face, her touch as gentle as her nature. She wanted to speak, to apologise, to beg her forgiveness but judging by the look on her siblings face she decided against it just yet. She could tell the woman was working out exactly how she felt about her right now and would gave her some time before laying it on her as much as she wanted to. She felt so selfish in her thoughts but the silence was killing her, chipping away at the already fragile seams of her mind. Leahmora worked swiftly and efficiently, her eyes never meeting hers and her movements almost robotic. She looked cold, so cold. She'd rather the woman be cruel to her, scream and shout and tell her how much of an evil monster she was, at least then she knew how she felt. Anything was better than the silence she was enduring. But the minutes continued to tick by and the unseen words between the pair were beginning to build, pressing down on both of their shoulders. Unable to handle it anymore she decided to speak up. \"Thank you… for coming to save me\" She gulped out nervously wondering what the reaction would be. But there was no response, only the continuous rhythmic movements of her cleaning methods and an ever so slight nod of her head. So she'd heard her, she just didn't want to speak. \"And thank you for sticking up for me. I can't speak to her, not yet\" Evanora half whispered, shame filling her voice. At those words her sister stopped her movements and raised her head but still did not meet her eyes. \"I didn't do it for you\" She said her voice filled with nothingness, her words completely empty and devoid of any kind of emotion. Evanora winced at the tone. She guessed she deserved it, the treatment she was receiving. Her sister wasn't the most emotional of people as it was why would she show how she felt now. \"Even so… thank you\" Evanora spoke finding her voice once again. Leahmora dropped the rag into the water and pushed it to one side before walking over to the small desk beside the bed and pulling out a strange looking vial and handing it to her. She took it with shaky hands. \"Drink this, it'll make you feel better and help you sleep\" She spoke whilst pulling back the covers to her bed and issuing for Evanora to slip beneath them which she did so weakly. She watched the woman sling the covers back over her before she stood to full height and began taking long if not slightly heavy strides towards the door. But Evanora couldn't let her leave yet, she didn't want her to leave. \"Leah wait\" She called out to her, her voice breaking as emotion began to choke up her throat. She watched as her sister halted her movements, one hand still on the door handle. But she didn't turn to look at her, she just stood there completely frozen. \"Please don't go…\" She trailed off unable to stop the pathetic and needy comment from leaving her lips. She hated this, this feeling of guilt, of pain, of neediness, of inadequateness, of weakness. It was because of these feelings she had taken a bite out of that apple to begin with. But she also knew that she needed to reconcile with these emotions, these demons if she ever wanted to be a good person again and to be the person she wanted to be. \"I'm sorry… I'm so so sorry\" She croaked out barely holding herself together as her gaze focused on the other soul in the room with her who was still yet to move. \"For everything. For every single thing I've done, for the pain I've caused you, I've caused Glinda. For what I did to The-\" She began but she couldn't finish that name. That name is what she was most disgusted of herself for. That was where she knew she had truly crossed the line. She noticed her sister flinch ever so slightly at hearing the beginning of that name. That name of a person who was once so kind, so sweet and innocent. That had now turned so bitter, so twisted… So monstrous. Was that what she'd looked like to them when her deceit was revealed. Evanora's stomach rolled over and she had to bite back the bile that was creeping up her oesophagus. Sucking in a shuddering breath she continued. \"For what I did to our father and the people of Oz. The people I swore to protect. I'm sorry for it all\" She cried out as the sob that had been clogging up her tightened throat spilled forth and with it her pain. She watched her sibling with frantic almost desperate eyes but all she could see was her hunched back. \"Say something… Anything… Please?\" She spoke in haste, her turbulent emotions sweeping over her again. A tense silence followed but finally the voice she'd so desperately wanted to hear reached her ears. \"What do you expect me to say Evanora\" Came the clipped sentence. She'd tried to sound uncaring but Evanora could hear the pain that laced those words. \"That all is forgiven. That we can forget about everything you've done\" She said quietly her gaze still on the floor and the bottom of the door. Leahmora wished she could explode at her, she wished that she could just tear her to pieces and leave her to rot, anything was better than this hollowed out feeling she had. This feeling of hurt and pure betrayal. \"I know you can't say that\" Evanora choked wishing her sister would just look at her. \"I don't expect you to say that\". \"Then what can I say to you Evanora?\" Leahmora pushed out, cursing her emotions for slipping so soon. She couldn't deny that the relief she'd felt when she'd held the woman in that dreary cell that had gone through her. The happiness she felt at getting her out. But that was all in the heat of the moment, she hadn't thought about what she would say when she'd actually speak to the woman face to face. When the adrenaline had worn off. \"I just need to know… I need to know that you'll give me a chance?. A chance to tell you why I did it all and a chance to show that I can change. That I have changed\" Evanora cried out the tears practically exploding from her eyes. She needed to know more than anything that not all hope was lost. Leahmora sighed loudly but still she remained rooted to her spot, one hand still on the door handle. \"I don't know if I can do that… Not yet anyway\" She sighed sadly shaking her head. Before she'd rescued her she'd been all talk to Glinda that the woman deserved a chance to be listened to, that she should be able to explain the reasons why all of this had happened. She'd had no regrets in saving her but she didn't know if she could back up her words about giving the woman a chance. Now that she was here before her it was just too difficult. Evanora sniffed and sucked in another shaky breath, her hands gripping the bed sheets tightly. \"Then why did you save me?\" Evanora asked. If she truly hated her than she'd have left her to die. She must have a chance, as slim as it was. \"Because you're my sister. And therefore you're one half of me…\" Leahmora said only just holding herself together. She turned ever so slightly and allowed her eyes to meet Evanora's glassy green ones and her heart constricted at what she could see in them. It was too real and far too raw to discuss just yet. \"I don't hate you. I could never hate you. But right now I just don't like you… Just give me some time to process all of this\" Leahmora said dropping her gaze to the door once again. \"Okay…\" Evanora said back, her voice filled with pain. She'd finally made eye contact and she didn't hate her. She knew she had to take those actions as positives. \"Now rest and I'll come by later\" Leahmora spoke before pulling the door open and stepping out but once again her sister's voice stopped her stride. \"Take as long as you need. But please know that I am sorry. I am so sorry\" She said her voice barely above a whisper as the emotion spilled from her rapidly. Leahmora just nodded her head and stepped out, closing the door tightly behind her leaving the woman alone once again. As soon as the door closed Evanora broke into heart breaking sobs, her entire frame racking in turmoil. She rolled onto her side and pulled her knees up to her chest burying her head into the pillow beneath her head. Her bruised shell protested at the curling movement but she didn't notice it specifically. Everything hurt. Her body, her mind and her soul. She'd never felt so broken in her life and she was sure the pain was going to kill her. And worst of all she wanted it to. Leahmora rested her back against the large wooden door, Evanora's sobs ringing in her ears. Every fibre of her being instinctually wanted to run back in there and soothe her sibling, tell her it was going to be okay but her conscious wouldn't allow it because as much as she wished it was it wasn't. Nothing was okay. She wasn't okay, Evanora wasn't okay. No one and nothing was okay right now. She could feel the hot tears sting her eyes but she blinked them back, unwilling to show how much this had cut her. Now wasn't the time for tears, now was the time for reflecting and weighing up what was the right thing to do. She was so caught in her musings that she didn't notice the presence that had crept up beside her until he opened his mouth. \"Are you okay?\" Oz spoke softly as he looked at the raven haired witch who was completely lost in her own thoughts. Her eyes snapped up to him as soon as he spoke. \"I'm fine not that it's any of your business\" She snapped at him suddenly and he took a step back. \"Sorry, I just wanted to make sure you were okay and to tell you that Glinda's calmed down and wants to see you\" Oz said unsure of how the woman would react next. Leahmora breathed out and sighed before looking up at him. \"No I'm sorry I shouldn't have spoke to you like that\" She said sending him an apologetic look. He might be an idiot but he was genuinely asking about her well-being. \"Is she alright?\" She asked pulling the conversation off of herself. \"She's calm now, she'll be better once she's seen you though\" He said silently acknowledging her apology with a nod of his head. \"I'll go right away\" Leahmora said stepping away from the door and Evanora's loud echoing sobs. Stopping beside Oz she looked at him and gave him a ghost of a smile. \"Thank you for helping me today by the way… You're a better man than I gave you credit for\" She said towards him, not waiting for a response and simply limping away through the palace in search of her sister. Eventually she found the woman in her own chambers, perched on the edge of the bed her hands clasped tightly in her lap. As soon as she stepped across the threshold her sisters words reached her ears. \"Did you forgive her then?\" She said calmly but Leahmora could hear the spite that filled her voice as she spoke. \"I couldn't do it\" Leahmora replied shaking her head and looking down at the floor. \"I thought I'd be able to listen to what she has to say but I'm not ready…\" Leahmora said ashamedly as she ran an anxious hand through her hair. \"I know she's sorry, I can tell it and I can feel it… But it doesn't make it right…\" She trailed off almost tripping over her words as she continued to speak. She gave Glinda a hesitated glance and the woman was staring at her intently. She noticed the blonde pat the bed beside her and she hobbled over and sat down next to her sibling. \"The only reason I didn't want you talking to her when we got here was because I knew you'd say something you'd regret and this is a delicate situation. I did it for you, not for 'Nora\" She added on simply patting her sisters hand softly. Glinda nodded at her words, relieved to hear them. It was nice knowing that she being put first for once. \"I'm not going to shout at her when I speak to her if it makes you feel better, not now anyway. I just needed answers from her, I needed to know why?\" Glinda sighed sadly whilst shaking her head. \"So do I. All in good time though. I don't think any of us are ready to discuss it just yet\" The eldest replied and Glinda sighed once more. \"That's not what I mean… What she's done to me throughout the years, I can't just pretend that never happened. I need to know why she did it, I need to know what I did to make her hate me so much\" Glinda spoke sadly and she felt an arm slide around her shoulders comfortingly, feeling nostalgic at the motherly embrace. \"I don't think she ever hated you Glinda. She just thought more about herself than anyone else. She lied to us all but you discovered the truth and so you were the one who felt the full force of her wrath\" Leahmora soothed softly. \"And not just that, you're a mirror image of our mother… And she never got over losing her. You were a constant reminder of her, a reminder Evanora couldn't deal with\". \"Maybe\" Glinda shrugged her elegant posture now slouched. \"Let's just sleep on it tonight okay\" She comforted kindly. \"And then tomorrow we'll go and speak to her, whether it be together or separate. We'll both get the answers we need and then we can turn our attention to Theod-\" She began but just as her sister had earlier – she could not get the name out. She'd seen what she was now. That creature was not her sister. \"The Wicked Witch\" She squeezed out feeling sick at what had become of her beautiful baby sister. Glinda winced at the words and drew her sibling into a tight hug, both needing some solace from their ordeal. One of their sisters were lost to them completely, the other was coming back but there were still a lot of bridges to be rebuilt. Pulling from each other Leahmora gave a forced soft smile, trying anything to reassure her before standing to her feet and exiting the room. \"Sleep, everything will be clearer in the morning\" She added before slipping through the solid oak doors and shutting them behind her. Tonight she would ponder, tomorrow she would take action. Evanora was lying in the large bed still curled up in that foetal position. The sobs had died away a long time ago, the only traces of tears being the sopping pillow beneath her head and her red and swollen face. She knew this was going to be hard, earning her sisters trust once again but she didn't realise how hard. She'd deceived herself into believing that her renowned silver tongue could talk them around but they were far too wounded for it to work. No it was going to take everything she had to show them, to prove to them that she was sorry and that she would do anything she could to show them that she wants to change, that she has changed. She wasn't a monster anymore. The words kept going through her head slowly but surely steadying her nerves and hardening her resolve. Evanora rubbed at her puffy eyes and exhaled loudly. No more tears. She wouldn't cry over her pain anymore because she knew it wasn't getting her anywhere. Now was the time to show them how she felt. She would bare her soul for all to see but she'd do it with the strength she knew she had left somewhere in her. She'd hit her rock bottom and now it was time to rise back up again into the person she knew could be, the person she was. Strong, able, kind and just. She was that once and she wanted it again. She wanted it more than anything. This was her last chance and she was going to grab it with both hands. And if they still did not trust her nor want her around then she would comply. They didn't have to listen to her, but she'd do her utmost to see that wouldn't happen. For the first time in her life she was going to be honest. She was going to be a better person, the person they deserved to have around and not the animal she once was. And as she lay there regrouping her strength and mending her fractured soul piece by piece she couldn't stop the small if not a ghost of a smile that flittered onto her face. Tomorrow. Tomorrow would be the day that she made it right. Tomorrow would be the day that she would change her life and get back everything that she had lost. HUGE HUGE Apologies for the ridiculous Hiatus. I have no excuses to give you other than my muse left me and I was struck by a nasty case of Writers block. And I haven't updated any of my stories in months eek. But I'm hoping to get this back on track and slowly but surely I can feel the writing bug returning once more, something which greatly pleases me!. So Evanora is getting her mojo back. (Yayayay). It's about time. She's grieved for what she's done, but she's a tough cookie and now that she can't cry anymore there's only one thing that's left for her to do and that's to fight what she once was and reclaim everything that was hers. A shorter chapter than the others but there's only so much emotional turmoil conversation one can write before wanting to bash ones head in angst against the laptop. So once again my lovely readers I do hoped you enjoyed this one even if it was more of a filler chapter (though essential to the story). Coming up next we have Glinda and Evanora's tense reunion. Will Glinda forgive her sister or cast her aside?. What is Theodora's next move?. Your thoughts are greatly appreciated as always my dears!. Stay tuned and all shall be revealed. The next chapter may be split into two halves if it turns out to be a mega one just to break it up a bit but who knows, I'll see how I feel. Anyway thank you once again you glorious people and let me know what you think. Much love. Gwen.[Chapter 8] Evanora stood stoic and firm on the steps of the Emerald palace, her laced dress as black as night and her beautiful yet youthful face solemn. She was trying her hardest to stop herself from crying as she watched the see through glass coffin get drawn passed her, the winky guards forming the procession that tailed behind marching silently. The only sound that could be heard for miles were the thumping of the hooves that pulled her mother's new resting place and the sniffles and sobs of the people and her youngest siblings that stood to her far left. She tried to look anywhere else, at anything else even but her eyes were glued firmly onto her mother's now lifeless corpse. Her blonde hair was fanned out around her heart shaped face, emerald jewels adorning the golden waves. Her lips were smudged with a light rouge colour and her face was paler than what she remembered. Her hands were clasped over her stomach, the Queen's ceremonial sword held in her grasp lightly. She swallowed the bile that had risen up her throat and held back the sob that was trying to rip its way out of her throat. She was dead. It was official. She was actually gone for good. Her chest ached as she thought of her mother before that damned dagger had pierced her petite body. That warm and loving smile that held so much affection for whomever she met. Her calm and soothing words which could reassure the most fearful people. The gentle kisses that could take away the pain from any hurt, cut or bruise. The lilting voice, the hearty laugh, the strong yet soft embraces. The pain intensified as she realised just what had been taken from her. All the love and light that she had in her life had gone in an instant. Ripped away from her by an imbecile with a grudge against her father. Anger blended with the pain. It should have been him. She wished it had been him and not her mother, her best friend. She shook away the crushing nostalgia and honed in once again on the prone body of her mother, her eyes following the carriage as it took off once again towards the burial site where they would privately lay her to rest. Still she bit back the tears. She was the Lady of the Palace now, she was the one who'd promised her mother that she'd look after her siblings and father. She flicked her gaze towards the towering man beside her and all the anger she felt for him washed away as she gazed upon his face. He was a broken man. His face was sunken, eyes thick with tears. His frame quivered as he too held in the sobs that would surely overcome him at any second. She could see the guilt etched into his now haggard looking features, how heavily their mother's death must have weighed on his shoulders?. Exhaling a quiet sigh she sent a glance to her left at her siblings. Leahmora was stood – her back as straight as a rod. Her face was expressionless and she wasn't sure if the girl was still breathing as she didn't move an inch from her position. For a teen of fourteen she had learnt early on how to control herself and her emotions. Her face showed nothing but her eyes held everything. She might have masked it well to the untrained eye but she could see the distraught anguish that pooled in her blue iris's. Looking past her she saw Glinda and Theodora. Both of whom were crying freely, their little fists rubbing their eyes furiously in order to wipe away the treacherous tracks slipping down their faces. They were trying to be strong but their innocent little hearts were far more fragile than her and her other sibling. The crowd began to disperse, moving on with their lives now that they'd played their part in mourning their wonderful Queen's death. But the family still stood on the steps of the Palace, no one knowing what to do next. A quiet sob pulled her gaze back to her sisters and her heart crumpled at what she saw. Little Theo couldn't be strong anymore and had burst into tears. As soon as the 8 year old child began to weep she watched as her raven haired sister stepped forward and kneeled down before the child. She brushed the tears off of the girls face with the back of her knuckles and pushed a stray piece of Theodora's brown hair behind her ear before pulling the child tightly to her chest and lifting her up, cradling the quietly sobbing child to her chest. She could hear her whisper soothing words into the child's ear and she was sure it was her mother she was hearing and not her sister. The word's so renowned and so common during her childhood. Tears continued to push against her eyes but she held them back again. But just as she was about to look away from the sight she felt a small hand grab a hold of her own and she let her gaze wander down to the blonde headed beauty that stood beside her, tears pooling in her eyes. The look on the girls face was enough to finally break her resolve and a lone tear broke through her barrier and slid down her pale cheek. Instinctively she wrapped her arm around the girls shoulder and pulled the girl into her side, allowing Glinda to curl her arms around her slim waist effortlessly. Idly she stroked the girls head trying anything she could to calm the heartbroken blonde. She'd never been good at doing this but she had to try. She's promised her mother she would always protect and look out for her sisters, no matter what. She wasn't going to betray that promise. Not now and not ever. Then she felt an arm come around her shoulder as her other two sibling came up beside them. Leahmora with one arm holding the youngest of the foursome to her chest and putting the other around her, pulling her and Glinda as close as she possibly could. She sank into the warm arm the teenager was offering and tightened her grip on the blonde beneath her grasp. And finally another presence reached them, his shadow towering over their frames and blocking out the sun that shone in the sky above. Their father stopped beside them and engulfed them all in a large bear hug, his arms reaching around all four of them and pulling the four as close as he could. Evanora felt his tears drip onto her shoulder and pressed a gentle kiss to his cheek, wishing the tears that had crept through away and he tightened his hold on them all. And as they stood there together, grieving for the woman they all loved the most never did they think that they would be so cruelly and bitterly divided. Evanora awoke with a slight start from the memory and she instantly registered the crusty feeling of her face – tell-tale signs of tears. She wiped them away, a force of habit and yawned finally registering the warm glow that was falling across her face as sunlight slipped through the window pane. Sighing contently she stretched her aching arms, being mindful to not aggravate her injuries which felt considerably better from yesterday. For the first time in years she felt well rested. Her mind was light, her worries eased and she couldn't be sure but she was sure she used to feel like this every morning that she awoke when she was younger. Today was the day. The day that she would reconcile everything she'd lost. She could feel the apprehension that was building in her belly as she thought of how the conversations with her sisters could possibly go. She hoped that they would go well. She didn't expect their instant forgiveness, that was a complete no go. But she hoped that she could begin earning their trust until the day that they see her remorse for all that she'd done. Today is a good day, a positive day she reminded herself solidly. She'd take whatever they'd throw at her, what they deserved to throw at her. And then she'd pick herself up and dust herself off and keep proving to them she was a changed woman. She knew she was still broken, she could feel the healing that she still had to do – still pieces of her fractured soul to put together. But today she would begin to. With a groggy smile on her face she pushed herself up into a sitting position in the bed but the smile instantly fell as her eyes landed on a blonde haired beauty that was sat on the plush white couch at the end of the bed, her gazed trained solely on herself. Her heart began to thud loudly in her chest as her previous resolve and optimism began to fade as she looked into the clear blue eyes before her. Eyes that were filled with so much confusion it made her dizzy. Clearing her throat she sucked in a breath and took the plunge. \"Glinda\" She said simply with a court nod at the woman whose eyes were boring into her own. Glinda nodded back at her, posture stiff but not threatening. \"Evanora\" The blonde replied curtly, her own resolve slipping as she looked at her older sister. \"How did you sleep?\" She asked edgily, tone clipped as she spoke. \"The best sleep I've had in years… You?\" Evanora replied tentatively not knowing what side of her sibling she would get. The ethereal calm and understanding Glinda, or the wounded and angry Glinda. \"Not so much if I'm honest with you\" Glinda replied honestly deciding to lay it all out in front of her. She didn't have time for small talk, she needed to get her answers so she could decide her next move in regards to Evanora. \"I've been thinking and thinking, I've been replaying the last few years over in my mind constantly all night… And still I can't work out what happened to you. I can't pinpoint where you went, the old you?\" She said simply as her gaze never once faltered from that of her sisters. Evanora's eyes fell down onto the bed as she listened to the words which flowed from her sister's mouth. Answers… They all wanted answers. \"I've been trying to rationalize it in my mind. Why you did what you did?. What could have possibly sent you down the path you went down?... Why you hated me enough to blame me for Father's death and destroy my reputation, destroy my life?\" She continued on prattling off her inner thoughts. She'd rehearsed what she was going to say and what she was going to ask but now that the woman before her was alert and conscious her speech had failed her spectacularly. Honesty. That was all Evanora had to give them, brutal honesty. Only then could she begin to earn their forgiveness. \"I never hated you…\" Were the first words to leave Evanora's mouth. \"You had me fooled?\". \"You were… You were a means to an end. I didn't do it because I hated you… I did it because I was backed into a corner, everything was falling apart… And I needed someone to take the blame\" Evanora added on the guilt thick in her throat as she spoke. \"Well I suppose you had no choice… I would have told everyone that you'd killed Father and the court would probably have had you executed\" Glinda shrugged sarcastically as she tried with all her might not to completely explode on the woman before her. \"Why did you do it? Why did you kill him?\". The words stung as they registered in Evanora's mind. Why? Why did she kill their Father?. \"I was angry… He rejected me and all the work that I'd done to ensure this country prospered. He told me that I could never rule this Kingdom because I was too kind and too compassionate and that a woman could never rule Oz, let alone a Witch and let alone his daughters\" Evanora replied a tiny trace of bitterness still lingering in the words. \"And he deserved to die for it?\" Glinda replied in an instant, her words catching Evanora off guard. She shook her head ruefully and dropped her gaze to the bed once again, struggling to make eye contact with her sister. \"No he didn't… When I confronted him we got into a heated argument. Mother was brought into it and it got physical, he slapped me across the face\" She trailed off as she remembered that day, her recurring visions giving her a constant reminder. \"Something in me just snapped… I don't know what it was… And so I poisoned him in petty act of revenge… I know that now\". \"It's a bit late for regret… He's still dead\" Glinda spoke her words coming out far harsher than she intended. \"And I've got to live with it for the rest of my life\" Evanora answered finally looking up into the blonde's eyes which were narrowed and scrutinising. \"I came across the apple of knowledge and it called to me… I was so angry and bitter I was ripe for the picking… When I bit into it, it changed me\". \"You've always had a darkness in you Evanora, you know that as well as I do. It was tucked away but it was always there\". \"Don't you think I know that?\" Evanora bit back going on the defensive. \"The fact that I let it consume me… It repulses me. I let it break every promise I'd ever made to you all. And when Father died and I was thrust into the position of power I'd wanted for so long I lost myself in it... I couldn't lose everything I'd worked so hard for. My pride wouldn't allow it\". \"You did lose everything, you have lost everything\" Glinda spoke strongly as she still struggled to maintain herself. At least she was being honest about it now and not hiding behind the layers of excuses she'd expected to spew from the woman's mouth. \"You lost Father, you lost me. You lost Leah and Theo… You've lost your throne. The list goes on\". Evanora visibly winced at her words, eyes darting to the fascinating pattern that covered the bed spread. Everything she said was true and everything that she said was like another stab to the chest, another painful reminder of how far she'd truly spiralled. \"And what of all the people you've killed?\" Glinda mused. \"All the blood you've spilt, the blood of innocents. All in the name of that Godforsaken throne\". \"I was wrong… I was so wrong. I never meant to kill anyone intentionally bar Father. I was just trying to scare people into supporting my claim… But my plans spiralled out of control, the baboon's did what they wanted and I couldn't control them as I could at the start…\" Evanora spoke slowly and clearly. \"I'll never forget what I did to them, all the people that I killed are still with me. They haunt my dreams… Even when I'm awake I can see them. Lurking on the outskirts of my peripheral vision\". \"Am I meant to feel sorry you?\". \"No. I don't expect that at all. It's my punishment for what I did to them\" Evanora replied quietly as tears stung her eyes. She looked down at her hands, hands which were stained red with blood and clenched her fists willing herself not to crumble. \"And what I did to Theodora… I may as well have killed her too…\". \"What made you change? What made you suddenly realise how terribly cruel you were?\" Glinda prodded wanting to know more and more. She needed something, anything to straighten this out in her mind. \"The apple's effects on me started to weaken I believe\" Evanora replied not knowing really what caused her to change once again though she had a theory on what it was. \"That Tyrannical lust for power it had instilled in me when I ate it waned and I started to feel again. I hadn't felt in so long. Every act I'd committed came back to haunt me and suddenly I was at a loss. I was beginning to realise the horrors of my crimes… I thought the apple had made me see clearly but how wrong was I\" She laughed bitterly at that. \"The haze of power lifted and I saw what a monster I'd become… It was only when Theo bit the apple and I watched my two sisters try to kill each other did it all come crashing down… That I truly saw how much damage and destruction I'd caused\" Evanora spoke as a lone, rogue tear spilled from her eye slowly. \"But it was too late… The damage was done and now this is the end result\". Glinda didn't say a word and instead just studied her sister in the bed. Her normally proud and tall figure was hunched and small. Her terrifying mask of cold calculation was shed, her face bare and naked for all to see. Her eyes were gaunt, almost lifeless. She was a shadow of her former self, like a shade from another realm a ghostly apparition. Before her wasn't the terribly wicked witch she'd come to know, it wasn't even her sister that she used to know. No this version of Evanora was a complete stranger, this woman was someone she did not know and it unnerved her. Either she was a brilliant actor or she'd truly been broken in mind, body and spirit. Being near her now she could feel their connection bubbling in her veins and she was filled with sadness as she honed in on the woman before her eyes. She could feel the regret and the guilt and frankly it made her nauseas. Her essence and aura were dark as normal but not the vengeful blackness she'd been so used to feeling from her. This darkness was damaging, tragic even. \"I know nothing can change what I've done…\" Evanora's shaky voice broke her musings. \"And I don't expect you to forgive me and I'll happily stand trial for what I've done should you want it… But before I do the one thing I want to rectify is Theodora\" She said her voice cracking as she spoke her little sisters name. \"I caused this. I caused all of it and I'm solely to blame for what she's become. I started it and I need to finish it… I have to try and fix her\" She trailed off. It was a selfish request she knew. \"My conscience cannot take any more guilt and she's my only chance to do some right…\". \"You're right you are the cause of what she's become\" Glinda said finally finding her voice once she'd detached herself from their connection. Finally she felt like she could breathe again. \"And fortunately for you we can't stop her without you\" She said and Evanora locked eyes with her at that sentence. \"So you have a reprieve… At least until she's been dealt with. But after that I can't promise you anything Evanora\" Glinda said the tiniest bit of sympathy in her voice. She'd tried to stop it but after feeling what did in their connection it was impossible for someone like her not to. She was Glinda the good and she looked for it everywhere. It was her blessing but it was her curse. \"That's all I ask\" Evanora replied hastily. \"If I'm to be executed then so be it… I've already resigned myself to death\" She added her voice dropping so low Glinda could only just hear her words. \"There is nothing else for me once this is done\". Glinda just nodded at her and got to her feet walking straight for the door. She'd gotten the answers she'd needed. Answers she hated to hear but ones that she'd needed too. Especially her finally admitting her part in their Father's death. \"I'm so sorry for what I've done Glinda… But to you especially\" Evanora said and the words halted Glinda's movements. \"You didn't deserve any of it… You've always been the best of us and I destroyed you… And I am truly sorry…\" She said weakly, so weak Glinda didn't even think it was her sister talking. Glinda flinched at the words aimed at her, words she'd wanted to hear for so long. \"I don't know if I can ever forgive you for what you've done… You hurt me so much\" She said sadly, pain lacing every syllable. \"You were my older sister and I loved you, I trusted you and you betrayed me in the worst possible way… But for the sake of this Kingdom then I will tolerate you're presence here. At least until the threat of Theodora has passed…\" She sighed unable to look at the woman. \"Maybe one day… But I make no promises to you\" She finished before exiting the room with haste. Evanora watched the blonde go and sank even deeper into thick pillows and quilts. It felt as if a massive weight had been lifted off of her shoulders, her honesty having eased the crushing pain and guilt that suffocated every fiber of her being. She hadn't been forgiven and she hadn't expected to be - even if a tiny piece of her hoped she would be – but she'd answered her questions. She'd told her the story. Things could only improve from here surely?. She hadn't been instantly killed so she took that as a sign that there was hope somewhere. And all she needed was that hope to pull her through this. She had a chance and that's all she wanted, a chance to right her wrongs and a chance to mend the gaping rift she'd left between them all. She sighed loudly and laid back down on the bed her body suddenly aching from the emotional exhaustion of the conversation. One sister down… One more to go. So here comes another my darlings. I hope you all enjoyed this one and their little reunion. Let me know your thoughts you fabulous people. Yours Sincerely, Gwen ![Chapter 9] \"HOW DID SHE ESCAPE?\" Theodora practically shrieked at the dazed Winky guard that stood before her. The man had fled once her sister had escaped but she tracked him down before he could leave the Emerald City. She needed answers and she needed them now. \"Y-your sister\" He stammered clutching his bleeding nose in pain. His eyes were wide and terrified of the creature that stood before him. She looked enraged and primal and completely insane and he knew he would not be leaving this room with his life. \"The o-other one… She came through s-some tunnels and a-attacked me\" He whimpered from his position on his knees. \"They t-took my keys and took the p-prisoner… We gave chase b-but as you know she collapsed the tunnels\" He continued on rambling his fear reaching it's peak. \"I'm s-so sorry Milady… I'm s-\" He began to beg but she just flicked her wrist quickly and snapped his neck. His body fell in a crumpled heap on the ground and she sat down in her seat leaning back and leisurely staring at the mangled corpse before her. Of course she'd come to save her… She should have been prepared for it. Their connection was strong and she knew Leahmora wouldn't be able to cope with feeling their sister in so much agony. It made her sick how weak she was. Leahmora the Brave, Leahmora the Strong. Oh how those titles were ill fitted. She was weak and Theodora felt nausea's at that thought. And she still had the guile to retaliate against her. The very nerve. Her temper took over and she slammed her fist hard down on the solid desk before smashing everything off of it in anger, flipping the table as she went along. She refused to be outdone by her again. She needed to make a move and soon Theodora mused regaining some semblance of sanity. Both her sisters were wounded and with Glinda on edge with Evanora's presence now was the best time to act. She had to strike whilst they were weakened to make maximum damage, to show them she was not to be trifled with anymore. She was the Queen now, this was her country and she'd be damned to allow those insolent wenches thwart her plans. She knew she could take them now. In her old shell, that meek and vulnerable pathetic specimen that she was she knew she was no match. But now she had more power than she could ever wish for and she knew she could slaughter all three of them if she timed it right. First she needed to show them her might… Lower their morale and make them feel utter despair. Then she would end them one by one. She was absolute power, she was the superior being now. She would no longer live in the shadows of those wretched creatures who were once her blood, no she was going to crush them completely and that disgusting excuse of a man who'd played her like a fool. They'd all coveted the throne in some way but now she was on top and she was determined to keep it that way. The bloodlust was rushing through her, making her delirious with excitement. She was going to show them all how powerful she was now, she was going to show them just how much they'd underestimated her all her life. She was going to wreak chaos upon them all and she couldn't wait. Leahmora watched her sister flee the room from a distance practically tripping over her feet in her rush to leave, one hand over her mouth and frame shaking. Clearly she could see that the woman was on the verge of tears but as much as she wanted to comfort her she knew the woman needed time to reconcile all she must have heard in that room. Running a hand through her long hair she walked towards the room her youngest sibling had just departed. Hesitantly she stopped just as she was about to grab the door knob, something preventing her from going in. She needed to know why all of this was happening? But for the first time in her life she was truly terrified of what she would hear. Sucking in a deep reassuring breath she pushed open the door and stepped in, her heart thundering in her chest. A barrage of emotions hit her as soon as she laid eyes on her sister who was lying on the bed staring numbly up at the ceiling. She didn't know if the woman had heard her so she closed the door and walked further into the room. Evanora must have noticed her presence as her gaze snapped from the ceiling to herself and instantly she halted her movements, not moving any closer to the woman than her position at the foot of the bed. She watched as Evanora pulled herself up into a sitting position and tucked her knees up under her chin. She looked absolutely exhausted and she had a half a mind to leave the woman rest but she was done with thinking about what was best for her sister now and instead decided to focus on her own needs for once. \"You came\" Evanora said her strained voice relieved as she looked upon her younger sister. Leahmora just nodded at her, words failing to register in her throat. She wanted to ask how she was feeling? If there was any more injuries to tend to?. But now was not the time for courteous idle chit chat. \"I'm sorry… I know I've said it to you before and I've said it to Glinda but I'm sorry… I never meant for things to go so out of control\" She said earnestly and Leahmora could hear the sincerity that filtered through with every word but she just couldn't accept them… Not yet. \"What did you mean to happen then?\" Leahmora finally managed to choke out, her tone clipped and hard. She couldn't let her emotions cloud this conversation. She needed truths, facts and motives. \"What did you think would happen with this ridiculous crusade you've been on?\". \"I…\" Evanora said stumbling over her words. \"To take the throne… That's all I wanted. To prove to Father that he was wrong about us all. That we were all worthy as his Daughters\". \"Do not paint us with the same brush sister\" She snapped coldly looking down at her with a heated gaze. \"You wanted to prove to him that you could rule, not us\". Evanora recoiled at the chill in her sentence but composed herself and continued. She'd expected this kind of hostility off Glinda not Leahmora. \"Yes… I worded that wrong I'm sorry… I lost myself to the Dark Magic within me and it left me with a crippling lust for power… I didn't expect it to play out as it has. I just wanted to take the throne and bring peace to Oz but I just needed more and more power until I couldn't have anymore\". \"I thought you were a better person than that?\" Leahmora mused sharply never looking away from her sisters dark eyes. \"All my life I idolised you… Your strength and your intelligence. You had it all and you cast it away for a seat and a sceptre...\". \"I was angry… I was so angry at Father I wasn't thinking straight. I acted on an impulse and I made the biggest mistake of my life\" Evanora admitted hiding her hurt away. She knew she'd have to be firm with Leahmora, she would not just absorb every word she said and mull it over like Glinda. She would argue and probe because she was too stubborn to let anything lie. \"I realise that now and I realise it's too late but\". \"But what?\" Leahmora cut across briskly as she rested her hands on her sore hips. \"What you've done to this Family and to Oz is terrible. Our people have been living in fear and the whole time it was you causing that!\" She said strongly her pitch rising and her temper began to flare in the pit of her stomach. She tried her hardest to call on all her willpower to calm her shaking bones but she got no reply. Evanora looked down in complete shame the words ringing true in her ears. She knew all this, she knew it better than they did. But everytime she heard those words more pain pressed down on her, heavying the newly lightened load once again. \"And the lies… You deceived me. Of all the people in this Country you deceive me?\" She said as hurt began to filter through her anger. \"How many times have I set my life on the line to protect the people, to protect you… I was willing to die for you and kill my sister if it came to it and all along it was you causing me the pain?. All the injuries I sustained fighting your wretched monsters\" She spat her posture loosening more and more as her energy waned. \"I did everything you asked of me and more… and the whole time you were sending me to my death?\". \"No!\" Evanora cut in pleading soaking her words. \"I strictly ordered the baboon's not to touch you. No harm was to ever come to you!\" She said sitting up onto her knees. \"I swear to you… Even at my darkest moments never did I wish you harm! It was the thought of you being killed during your skirmish with Theodora that brought me back from the brink… I couldn't bear to lose you then just like I can't bear to lose you now! That you have to believe!\". \"Am I supposed to be flattered by that?\" She half snorted in reply trying to reign herself in. \"You killed our father… You've torn this Country apart and you've turned Theo into a monster. Our baby sister is a monster\" She yelled the last part and Evanora cringed away from the sound, her eyes stinging as more tears threatened to emerge. \"I know what I've done\" Evanora said her voice shaking with fear and regret. \"No one can hate me more than I hate myself…\" She trailed off, her voice turning into a whimper. Leahmora softened slightly as she watched her sibling begin to fall apart at the seams right in front of her. She knew she was telling the truth, she knew her guilt was real but the pain she felt at the betrayal was just too raw to see past. \"I don't hate you… I want to hate you but I can't. I loved you… I still love you 'Nora and that makes it so much worse… But I can't see what all of this would have achieved… All this death and chaos… It was all for nothing\" She said her voice breaking more and more as she went on. \"Yes… It was… I see it now\" Evanora replied dejectedly her whole body practically slumping forward. \"I was selfish and I was blind and I was tempted by forces that I should have refrained from ever going near and I deserve whatever punishment comes my way… I know you can never forgive me for what I've done to you all and rightly so… But I just… I need you to know that I never intended this hurt, I never intended to hurt anyone as I have\" She cracked her voice shaking almost uncontrollably. Leahmora just stared at her, the deathly silence of the room engulfing them. She was beginning to get overwhelmed with Evanora's torturous emotions that filled the small space around them and she realised why Glinda fled in such a hurry. So much pain. She could feel it racing through her veins, draining her energy and anger. Her sister was completely broken, her entire being in tatters. Her resolve was faltering and it was leaving her fast. \"But you have…\" She trailed off quietly as she slumped down on the edge of the bed. \"You've hurt so many people 'Nora… I was going to kill my own blood in your name and now I have to do the same to my little sister because of your actions\". \"No you don't… I caused this mess with Theodora and I'm going to fix it however way I can\" Evanora answered as she shuffled an inch or two closer to her sister. \"That is not your burden to bear, it is mine… I'm willing to die if it atones for even a fraction of the things I have done but I'm not willing to let you perish too\" She replied a sudden bout of strength in her voice. She would do something, she would do anything she could. \"Too late to care about us now\" Leahmora sighed as she dropped her head into her hands. \"I just…\" She began but she couldn't even find anymore words to say as she turned to stare at her older sister. She wanted to hate her so much. She wanted her to be punished for everything that she'd done… But she couldn't. She couldn't do it to her. She didn't have the energy and she certainly didn't have the heart to tear her sister down even more than she visibly already had been. \"I understand\" Evanora said knowing that this was difficult. \"You don't need to explain it, I know what I've done and believe me when I say I'll be haunted for the rest of my days… The people I've killed are in my head every hour of every day and even in my dreams when I sleep and your face is amongst them…\" She moaned sadly another rogue tear straying from the ducts and down her face. She couldn't help but be surprised as she felt a hand on her face brushing away the lone droplet. \"I know it wasn't you… Well it was, but not the you I know…\" Leahmora trailed off drying her hand on the quilt. \"I'm always willing to give second chances… And I do believe your remorse wholeheartedly… But I need time okay… I need time to come to terms with all this madness and…\" She pressed on her voice wavering. Evanora tentatively grasped at the hand that rested on the bed, placing her palm over it gently. She expected the girl to rip her hand away but was pleasantly surprised to see that she didn't move the worn digits. \"You take as long as you need sister, I will ask no more of you…\" Evanora said softly glad to see that she was making some progress. \"I do hope that one day you will forgive me… For it is your friendship I value the most. But I will understand if that day never comes\". Leahmora nodded at her and patted the hand on hers gently before standing to full height. \"I'll forgive you eventually… Just as I always have. You're my sister and my best friend… But\". \"Time\" Evanora spoke for her and the girl nodded. She walked to the door and pulled it open but turned to look at the woman in the bed once more. \"Get some rest… I'll be back with Glinda later to discuss what exactly we're going to do with that sister of ours\" She said politely before exiting. Evanora once again watched another of her sisters walk away from her but she found a renewed sense of confidence in herself. She'd forgive her eventually… She'd forgive her eventually. A wry almost grim smile came to her face as she settled back into the quilts, cocooning them around her frail body. Leahmora was willing to give her a second chance. One of her sisters could potentially look past the damage she'd made and forgive her. She could get the forgiveness she craved so badly. And whether she had to wait a week or years for it she would hold on to it with all she had. For it truly was all she had now. She found Glinda sat on the steps of her own Grand hall, her presence easily discovered by the tremor's rippling off of the woman's aura. Slowly she made her way across and sat herself down on the step beside her. \"Are you okay?\" Leah asked tentatively knowing how ridiculous the question sounded but needing to know none the less. Glinda nodded almost numbly at her. \"I'm fine sister\" She replied quietly, flicking a long strand of blonde hair behind her ear. \"I'm just surprised more than anything…\". \"Surprised at what?\". \"Her honesty… I went in there expecting her to spin some tale to justify everything that she's done wrong… But she didn't. She was completely honest with me. She didn't try to shirk the blame onto anyone else. She told me everything I asked\" Glinda said the surprise evident in her voice. \"Honesty is all she has left now\" Leahmora replied quietly as she rested her elbows on her knees and sighed loudly. \"Her pride has been stripped away from her, all that's remained is an overwhelming feeling of guilt… And the only way she can shed that guilt is by owning up to her indiscretions\" She trailed off, trying not to lose herself to her own musings. \"Lying is what got her to where she is now… It wouldn't benefit anyone to continue to do so. She knows that, she's not stupid\". \"No she's not… I couldn't stay in that room any longer than I did. It was suffocating, toxic. I've never felt anything like it, the emotions that were radiating off of her. It frightened me\" Glinda admitted truthfully rubbing her weary head. \"I know\" Leah agreed wrapping a comforting arm around her younger sister. \"She wasn't of sound mind when she did those deeds\" She spoke and Glinda turned to look at her, eyes narrowing ever so slightly. \"I'm not excusing what she did by all means\" Leah clarified before continuing. \"But imagine do all that and then finally snapping out of it and coming back to the real world… Years worth of heinous schemes slamming back into you, every repercussion from every action you'd ever made finally registering… It's unimaginable\". Glinda listened intently to her siblings words, taking them all in as always. She knew what the woman was trying to say. \"Do you believe her?\" Glinda asked curiously wanting to know where her sisters mind was at regarding the matter. \"I do\" Leahmora replied honestly though her voice was hesitant, frightful. \"A part of me doesn't… But I believe her. I believe she has truly realised just how far she went. I believe the guilt because I can feel it coming off of her as can you. It doesn't right what she's done but I do think that she's sorry yes\". \"You would though\" Glinda mused trying not to sound as if she was accusing the girl of something. That was never her intention by any means but their relationship with one another had been so strong, she didn't want her to be biased and let her emotions cloud what had transpired. \"You two are so close…\". \"Our relationship isn't clouding my judgement Glinda\" Leahmora said softly knowing where her sibling was coming, understandably so. \"Even if I was an impartial party member in all of this I'd still believe her… She's a good pretender and always has been but this, this isn't an act. She's come undone completely\". \"Do you think she deserves a second chance?\" The blonde said quietly. She could feel her heart soften towards Evanora the more they spoke about her. It wasn't in her nature to hold grudges. It wasn't in her nature to be resentful and bitter. That wasn't who she was. She could see the good in everyone and she could see the good that still resided in her sister, though she tried to hide it she couldn't. \"Yes… I think she does. I can't forgive her yet and I don't know if I'll be able to for a while. But I think she has changed and I think she deserves a chance to right what she's caused. It won't fix everything but it's a start and we all have to start somewhere\" She shrugged pondering on how the woman next to her would react. She seemed calm and coherent so that was a positive. Glinda just stayed silent as she mulled over the words spoken to her. She was right. As always she was right. She hated admitting it but she couldn't deny what had just been said to her. \"She should be given a chance to fix this mess yes\" Glinda agreed slowly. \"But once the threat of Theodora has been eliminated then she must stand trial for what she's done. Neither of us can pass judgement on her being as we're her sisters\". \"And I wholeheartedly agree\" Leahmora spoke as she tightened her arm around the blonde in support. \"We're going to have to all work together to stop Theo. Whether we like it or not we're the only things standing between her and the ruin of this Kingdom and it's our duty as its protectors to stop her\" She added on, her voice stronger now. \"I cannot believe what she's become\" Glinda sighed sadly reminiscing about her baby sister. \"How can someone so sweet and loving turn into what you've described to me?\". \"Love makes people do crazy things\" The eldest sighed. \"She's always been impulsive and far too sensitive for her own good. Throw in some heartbreak and it must have become unbearable for her. We're as much to blame as Evanora. We shielded her from too much. I babied her for longer than I should have. She didn't' harden naturally to the world around her like we did and this is what's happened\" She added on regret lacing the words. \"You just tried to protect her… We all did\" Glinda replied sullenly as she sunk into the warm embrace her sister offered her. She couldn't deny it was nice having her here, having her sister back. Sisters. Leahmora was about to speak when all of a sudden an almighty boom ricocheted around the Palace, shaking its very foundations. The two sisters leapt to their feet, a fear twisting in their guts as so what just happened?. \"What was that?\". So another one down my darlings, I do hope you're enjoying and if so don't hesitate to leave a review. Your support is greatly appreciated and helps give me a kick back into action. We've got another big fight scene coming up as tensions escalate between the four sisters and Theo makes her move. Once again thank you all for reading and I look forward to seeing you at the next chapter.[Chapter 10] Leahmora and Glinda sprinted through the halls of the Palace, hearing the commotion coming from outside. Oz appeared beside them with Finley on his back and Chinadoll beneath his arm. She caught sight of Evanora emerging fearfully from her room and it was only then she realised that she was still in the torn tatty dress from the night before and made a mental note to find her new clothes as soon as they discovered he source of the deafening crash. The six pushed through the main doors and watched as the villagers turned all their gazes to sky above, their cries echoing in their ears. The group looked up and followed their gazes and Glinda's legs nearly buckled as she saw her protective dome begin to break, a searing heat forcing through the powerful magic. It was impenetrable. No one could pass through it, no one bar- \"Theodora…\" She heard Evanora half whisper from behind her and she whipped her gaze back up to the sky once more. \"Everybody take cover!\" Glinda barked out commandingly as she looked at her people who began to scarper to the sidelines. \"Get the children to safety and away from here!\". But before any of them could react the dome shuddered and shattered and a huge flaming fireball came thundering down, smashing into the ground a few metres from them. Debris flew through the air and Oz put his body around Glinda's shielding her from the rubble that shot past them. Villagers had been thrown through the air and were weeping in pain on the floor. \"How did she get through?\" Oz asked as he watched the scene before him. He was under the impression that nothing could get through. So how could that kind and gentle girl he'd met when he'd arrived possibly have the power to break through it completely. \"Her power has grown\" Evanora answered never taking her eyes off the swirling fireball that was suddenly beginning to take shape before their very eyes. She hadn't expected her come here, not so soon. She sucked in a deep breath and calmed her aching mind trying to will every bit of power she had in her to make itself known. She couldn't be weak now. She had to find something to face the monster she created otherwise seeing her like this again would tear her apart. She had to be strong. She was about to face one of her demons and her greatest regret. Leah and Glinda stepped forward and stood strongly at the top of the steps, Glinda with her wand tightly clasped in her clenched fist whilst Leah grasped a hold of a blue glowing sword which had suddenly appeared at her waist. The first thing they saw when the figure materialised out of the flames was a tall pointy hat and wretched laugh hit their ears as Theodora made herself known. Glinda recoiled in complete shock as she clapped eyes on what once was her sister. Her beautiful olive skin was a sickly green, her once heart shaped pretty face was now sharp and gaunt her beauty eradicated by this monstrous being that had overcome her. She knew she had changed… But not this much. \"Well well…\" Her sister taunted menacingly as she stood to full height, eyes burning with nothing but anger and hatred. \"Look who we have here\" She snarled out scanning her eyes across the cowering Quadlings and then landing on the group atop the steps. \"A family reunion and I wasn't invited, such a shame\" She spoke slowly enunciating every word with every step as she neared the group. \"Theodora this isn't you\" Glinda managed to get out as she came to terms with who it was stood before her. \"Oh but it is\" She smiled menacingly as she walked around the outskirts of the circle that villagers had created around her. \"Do you still think you're Wizard can defeat me?\" She growled into a quivering woman's face. She could only smile as she watched her tremble before her gaze, their fear gave her so much power. \"Speak now or I will tear out your tongue\" She threatened to the terrified woman who shook her head fervently at the words. She could hear her sisters sword being unsheathed and grinned maniacally towards them, strolling over casually. \"It can't be?\" Oz said quietly as he gazed upon the hideous creature before him. \"Don't you recognize me Wizard?\" She mocked directing him and him alone. \"Have I really changed that much since we last met?\" She continued to tease bitterly. \"Thank my sister over there… She gave me this power\" She smiled turning to look at Evanora who was stationed just behind the centre of Glinda and Leahmora, eyes wet with unshed tears. \"I'm sorry for what I did\" Evanora spoke strongly sucking up every bit of it she could. She stepped forward so that she was in line with her other two siblings and looked down on the girl, the once sweet and kind angelic little girl they all loved. \"But this isn't the way… I see it now and so should you\" She said trying her hardest to tap into whatever emotions Theodora had left in her but there was nothing. There was no flicker of remorse on her face only a frightful grin of absolute glee. \"Don't apologise Evaora\" She cooed sarcastically staring at her sister with wide eyes. \"You've made me the most powerful being in Oz and handed me throne on a plate. Now I know why you wanted it all these years. The power that comes with owning it is delightful\" She grinned. \"But you were too weak to wield the power… I am not\". \"You'll never win Theo so give up now while you can\" Leahmora called strongly to her sibling, drawing her attention away from the eldest and onto her. It broke her heart seeing her like, seeing her so lost. She was looking upon a stranger. \"Spare me the righteous conversation oh Noble one\" She snarled hatefully towards the woman whose hand was clasping tightly around the sword hilt. \"Do you really believe that you can stop me?\" She challenged happily never tearing her heated gaze away. \"You know I can. We have a United force against you… There's no way this can end well for you and you know it\" She replied her voice firm and commanding and as cold as ice. She could see it the moment she'd clapped eyes on the woman. There was nothing left of her sister in there, her sister was dead and gone. This creature was a whole different entity and she would treat her as such. \"Your confidence in your abilities is admirable I admit but wasted… All of you are weak\" She growled menacingly getting terribly annoyed at the woman. Who did she think she was? . She flicked her hand up ready to launch a flaming ball of fire at the woman and end her right there but it was extinguished in her hand by a zap of white striking out of Glinda's wand. \"Theodora just stop\" She said strongly holding her wand up high and continuing to aim it at the girl. \"Oh Glinda you are so naïve. Just like our Father actually. No wonder it was so easy for Evanora to kill him\" She laughed looking between the two. Evanora stiffened at her words but hardened her face. \"Please just walk away… I beg of you\" She spoke. \"You beg of me… How sweet… So good it sickens me\" She spat nastily towards her. \"You pretend to be good now Evanora but you are just as wicked as me, if not more so. They may not see through your lies but I do\" She grinned enjoying taunting her. \"No longer am I obscured in your pathetic shadows, all of you. Now you're in mine\". Theodora rounded on the people around her. \"Soon enough you will see who these people really are. You rally under a banner of a fraud and when I return for you all I will kill the mighty Wizard first and you will see just how deceitful, selfish and just how extremely mortal a man he is… He is no Wizard and you are no match for me\" She spat towards them absorbing every bit of terror that oozed out of them like crimson blood she so badly wanted to spill. \"I'll make sure the yellow brick road will run red with the blood of every tinkerer, farmer and munchkin in your Kingdom\" She spoke towards Glinda and the others a murderous smile on her lips. \"You are wrong Theodora!\" Glinda said managing to barely contain herself. \"We are strong and now we have the Wizard here to lead us!\". Oz tried to hide the shirk at her words. The sudden burden of that Godforsaken prophecy weighing down heavily on his shoulders now that things had gotten so serious, so brutal. He looked at the small people surrounding him. They had placed their trust in him implicitly as had the golden haired beauty beside him. They believed he was the key to defeating Theodora now and the thought terrified him. He did not have the power to defeat her. He was not the Wizard. His lies had spiralled into something to terribly twisted and now these people were going to pay for it with their lives. \"When you realise the truth it'll be too late… Because you will all be dead and I will watch as my baboon's eat your carcasses and the crows peck out your eyes with joy\" She snarled cruelly and Leahmora raised her sword up alongside Glinda's wand, Evanora following suit and lifting her hand. \"No you won't\" Evanora said before the others could, facing down the monster in front of her. \"You will not harm a single soul here!\" She spoke defiantly. \"I hope the irony of what you just said isn't lost on you\" Theodora laughed as she pointed straight at Evanora. \"You've spilt more of these peoples blood than I have\". \"And I cannot bear for more to be spilt. Let us end this peacefully sister please\" She spoke again trying everything she could to connect with her but again there was nothing. She was completely dead behind the eyes, an emotionless vessel with a terrible thirst that needed sating. A thirst she had given her. \"There will be no peace\" She chuckled evilly as she scanned every one of them stood before her. \"Then so be it\" Leahmora spoke coldly as her eyes sparkled with leashed rage. \"You're truly declaring war on us\". \"Oh yes\" She clapped. \"I especially can't wait to kill you… When the time comes I'll kill you first I think just to see the look on Evanora's face when her precious sister is left rotting in her own blood\" She growled through gritted teeth. \"You can try\" Leahmora replied unfazed by the threat. She knew this was heading in a disastrous direction and she could feel magic prickling around her. Blood would be spilt today. A deathly silence seemed to overcome them but it was broken abruptly by Theodora who spun on her heel and flung her hands out in front of her. The sisters were blown backwards through air as they slammed into the cold hard diamond palace. Theodora laughed wickedly and threw her hand out again, this time towards the tinkerers shop. It burst into flames as a noisy eruption burst all around. The Quadlings screamed in fear as they fled far and wide trying not be caught in the destruction she was reaping upon them. Spells bounced off every surface as Theodora lost herself in the carnage. Evanora scrambled to her feet and dragged Glinda to her feet who was swaying from the blow to her head. Screams erupted around them as they began to get their bearings and realised what was happening. Leahmora hopped up quickly and without a glance at her sisters gathered her sword from the ground and sprinted towards Theodora's almost dancing figure at the centre of the chaos. She jumped off of the top step and swung the sword deftly through the air as a beam of bright blue energy soared from it cutting across Theodora's back. The woman screeched in shock and rounded on her sister who was advancing at a quick pace and flung her hand out. Leahmora lifted the sword and deflected the spell straight back at her sister who ducked it with ease before being caught by a stinging energy ball. Her body flipped backwards through the air but she managed to land on her feet before bursting forward again. Evanora jumped into the fray as she watched the two sisters battle it out in the centre. \"SHIELD THE PEOPLE!\" She yelled at Glinda who began quick enchantments to ensure her people came to no harm. Once she'd lifted her wards she could join the fight and hopefully overwhelm Theodora. Evanora pushed forward as a pulsing green beam escaped from her fingertips and slammed straight into Theodora, throwing her off course and hard onto her side but the girl responded with vigour and sprung to her feet and launched herself forward. Leahmora decided to flank her, allowing Evanora to take her head on whilst she struck from behind. There was no way she could fight them on two fronts. Avoiding a searing fireball she skidded across the swirled cobbled ground and threw her free hand forward, her blue lightning catching Theodora completely off guard. The girl fell forward straight onto Evanora's spell and was launched high into the air. She thought they must have maimed her at least but she floated above them, that terribly cruel smile plastered on her lips as threw continuous bolts of energy from her hands. The two sisters looked at each other before simultaneously floating up into sky on either side of her. They ducked and dived to avoid the deadly flames coming their way as each tried to find an opening to attack. Evanora was relieved to see a shimmering shield beginning to form a top the terrified villagers but her distraction led to her flying straight into an oncoming energy ball. Her body dropped at the contact and she landed on the shield with a thud. Finally finding a gap Leah threw her enchanted weapon out in front of her the same time as Theodora's hands and two streaks of red and blue lightning clashed together, meeting in the middle. Both pushed hard for dominance and Leah could see her blue begin to slowly swallow up the red of her sister but it was still an even match. She didn't know how much longer she could hold out for though and that's what worried her. Finally the tides began to turn and she could see the red lightning begin to engulf hers and she pushed as hard as possible against the oncoming rush. Just as it was about to reach her a green flash merged with her blue turning their side a purplish hue as Evanora rejoined the battle. The two sisters pushed hard and it began to shift towards Theodora who was visibly beginning to struggle at the combined efforts of her sisters. Glinda watched the sky above her begin to ignite and flew up into the air throwing a beam of her pure white energy towards Theodora but it just bounced off of an invisible shield she must have cocooned herself so instead she came up alongside the two and adding her own energy to the mix. But the pressure in the air was too great and the moment Glinda's magic merged with theirs it all became too much and a deafening explosion rippled around the air as the centre of the magic blew. The four sisters were blown out of the sky in different directions each falling down with such a force they shattered the protective shield Glinda had put up for protection and crashed to the ground with a terrible slam. An eerie silence fell over the village as terrified tinkers that hid in their homes watched their Queen and her sisters fall from the sky. Flames crackled in the background as the damage caused by their melee continued to burn. Leahmora pushed herself up onto her hands and knees, blood gushing down the side of her pretty face and into her eyes, blinding her slightly whilst simultaneously creating a small crude puddle on the floor beneath her. Her body was shaking in pain and exhaustion as the sheer amount of magic used took its toll. Using every bit that was left in her she stumbled blindly to her feet and over to her sword which lay charred and chipped on the ground beside her. Picking it up she shook the dizziness away and scanned the surrounding area for the others. \"Glinda!\" She called out straining her ears to hear over the commotion which all of sudden erupted around her. \"Evanora!\". She wiped some of the blood out of her eyes allowing her to see clearly once again before focusing on their voices. \"I'm here\" Came her blonde sisters voice as she pushed some rubble off of her and struggled to her feet, leaning heavily against the shattered fence. She hobbled over and pulled her sibling up into a standing position leaning her against what remained of the farmers land. \"Are you alright?\" Leah asked worriedly scanning her sister for injuries. Her white dress was ripped and stained with blood and soot; as was her face. \"I think…\" Glinda trailed off in a daze as sleep felt like it was about to engulf her. She felt drained and exhausted and every inch of her small frame ached. \"Evanora!\" Leah barked out again as she scanned for her raven haired sibling. A loud pained groan hit her ears and she propped Glinda up beside her, slinging the woman's arm over her shoulder as they limped heavily to the source of the sound. \"Where are you?\" She called out. \"In here!\" Came the groan again and she hobbled over to the farmers shed. The door was off its hinges and she could hear rustling inside. She leaned Glinda up against the wooden frame before entering and instantly she saw a foot sticking out from under the collapsed roof. \"I think I'm stuck\" Evanora murmured weakly as she tried to wriggle from under it but it caused her too much pain. \"I'll get you out\" Leah said as she gripped a hold of the splintered wood and heaved with all her might. It moved only slightly before momentum took over and it raised up high enough for her to see the woman beneath it. \"Glinda a hand!\" She called breathlessly for her sister who limped weakly into the shed. \"Pull her out for me as quick as you can… I can't hold this up for much longer\" She groaned as her throbbing shoulder pulsated violently at the strain she was putting on it. Her arm was going to buckle at any moment. Glinda hurried forward without thinking and grabbed her sisters cut hand, dragging her out with a loud grunt. Finally she pulled her from beneath and as soon as she did Leah dropped it with a resounding thud. \"Are you alright? Are you injured?\" She asked worriedly kneeling down beside her sister on the floor. \"I'm okay\" She murmured as the two women pulled her into a sitting position. \"Argh my whole body hurts\" Evanora moaned as she was lifted to her feet. Leah put one arm around Glinda and one around Evanora, both who weighed down heavily on her sore body but she took the weight and guided them out of the shed. She rested the two beaten bodies against the shed again, the two falling against each other for support and she scanned the area again, hand waiting on her sword. Where was she? She mused inwardly as she scanned the wreckage around her. In the far corner of the farm she could see a shadow staggering to their feet slowly. Anger overcame her senses and she drew the weapon taking an aggressive step forward but two pairs of hands held her back. \"Don't\" Glinda warned following the woman's line of sight. \"Enough blood has been spilled today\" She added sadly as her eyes scanned the damage done. Her stomach churned as she saw a few strewn bodies lying about. Bodies of her people. \"And more needs to be\" She growled bitterly never taking her eyes off the figure for a second. \"We can't take her like this\" Evanora agreed. \"It'd be suicide\". She trembled at those words. She growled but held her position none the less and watched as the darkened figure took off into the night atop what seemed like a broomstick, that terrible laugh rippling through the vicinity. Giving a heavy sigh of discontent she slumped beside her sisters trying to catch her breath and sheathed the shimmering sword. Evanora just fell into silence as she pieced together what just happened. They hadn't been defeated so to speak, it had ended in more of a stalemate. But Theodora truly had a great power at her disposal. Seeing her like that… Trying to kill every single one of them sent another pang of terrible guilt through her. Theodora was right. She had created that, she'd made that monster that had just wreaked havoc in this remarkably peaceful village. \"Come. Let us head back into the Palace\" Leah said firmly, falling into the militant leader role she knew so well. Once more she stepped between the two wounded women and took a hold of both, holding them as steady as she could as they trudged painfully back towards the sparkling palace before them. \"Gather the dead and the wounded\" She called out to the frightened peasants that had emerged from their hiding places. \"Bring them into the Palace!\" She ordered firmly and those fit enough to do so instantly got to work in trying to clear the mess that had been left behind. The three witches gingerly climbed the stairs and entered through the slightly charred doors. As soon as they did Leah dropped the two women gently onto the grand staircase. \"Stay here. I'm going to help the others outside\" She said turning to walk away but Evanora grabbed a hold of her hand pulling her back. \"You need to rest\" She said as strongly as she could in her present condition. Her old and new injuries were merging into one and she was sure she was struggling to breathe. \"I'll be fine\" She reassured back ignoring the painful stab at the back of her head and body as she moved. \"The people need more help than I sister\" She replied softly before disappearing through the grand doors again her voice bellowing across the courtyard as she began to bark orders at the people. As soon as she left an uncomfortable silence fell between the other two as their buffer disappeared. None knew what so say to one another. Evanora could feel her sister's gaze falling on her as she leaned painfully against the bannister and wanted to sink into the ground under it. She moved over a little further from the blonde and hissed in pain as her side throbbed violently, face scrunching up in distaste at the sensation. \"Where are you hurt?\" Glinda asked nervously unsure of what to do now. \"Everywhere I think\" Evanora replied back quietly. Her back ached, her head stung and her side burnt from one of those stupid fireballs she'd allowed herself to get struck with. \"Nothing serious though I believe\". \"Let me see\" Glinda said timidly as she moved an inch closer to pale woman beside her. Evanora kept her hands guarded over the wound as she watched Glinda's slow movements and couldn't help but think with woman was going to procure a dagger from thin air and finish her off. She deserved as much. Glinda pried the witches hands away and pulled back the torn dress and grimaced at the sickly burn and angry gash which ran almost the length of her side. She was in no condition to heal her either. Thinking on her feet she ripped the bottom of her dress and placed it over the wound ignoring the blood that splashed onto her hand as she did so. She then placed Evanora's hand over the crude makeshift bandage to hold it in place. \"Thank you\" Evanora said gruffly surprised by the show of kindness from her hostile sibling. It was a small gesture but it meant so much to her. Somewhere in that pretty little head the woman had some kind of affection towards her. Glinda just nodded at her and stretched out her leg which tweaked painfully as she moved it. \"How are your injuries?\" Evanora asked politely, deciding to return the favour somewhat. She didn't want to push the woman too soon. \"Not severe… My leg hurts more than anything and my head is throbbing\" She replied back tiredly a loud yawn escaping her lips as she did so. \"We're lucky we survived the backlash\" She added on as she thought of the raw power that they'd unleashed above the courtyard. \"Our magic protected us from the damage I think.… It's the fall that's caused these injuries, lucky that your barrier softened the blow somewhat\" Evanora spoke quietly a hidden thanks within her words. \"Indeed\" Glinda nodded back in agreement. Had they not hit the higher barrier first she was sure they'd have broken their necks. \"She truly is a monster now isn't she\" Glinda trailed off unable to hold the words in. Evanora visibly stiffened at the words and that dreaded pit of despair she'd holed herself up into came rushing up to meet her. \"It's not her fault\" Evanora sighed sadly looking down at her muddied feet. \"Her actions are on my head\". Glinda didn't reply to the admission. She didn't to say anything because she knew they were true to a degree. She'd turned her into what she was… But she hadn't told her to kill everyone. No Theodora did that off of her own back. The uncomfortable silence that had fallen across them was abruptly and thankfully broken by the sound of wings flapping across the hall. Looking up Glinda could see Finley and Chinagirl hesitantly making their way towards them. Finley landed clumsily and Evanora didn't miss the way the tiny chinadoll hid behind the monkey, refusing to look at her in fear. Sadly she sighed and turned her gaze away from the petite creature. She'd wiped out that little doll's home, decimated her family, orphaned a poor child. And now it seemed she was the last one left of her kind. Another pang of hurt struck her as she saw in the flesh some of the damage she'd done to this land. \"I'm glad you're okay Milady\" Finley said towards Glinda who sent him a warm smile. A smile Evanora was envious of. It came so naturally to her, charm and charisma. The way people loved her the moment they set eyes on her. She'd never inherited any of it. \"As am I\" She said sweetly towards the two. \"You weren't hurt were you Chinadoll?\" She asked softly towards the small creature who shook her head, too frightened to speak in front of the witch beside the woman. \"Where's Oscar?\" She asked curiously as she suddenly realised the man's absence. She hadn't seen him since the fight broke out. She'd seen him take the hit from Theodora's attack on them but after that there was nothing. He'd just disappeared from view. \"He's in his room I think\" Finley shrugged not really knowing where his master had gone. As soon as the fighting broke out he'd taken Chinadoll back into the palace. She was too fragile to be caught up in the fight. Glinda nodded and sighed loudly before walking over to the door, her stomach churning as she looked upon the wreckage her baby sister had left behind. ","Summary":" This is pretty much (AU) lovelies, but I felt like putting a different spin on it. Raimi's version "},{"Movie":"Donnie Darko","Title":"Soldier of Fortune: a Donnie Darko Tale","Author":"bandits pesty uncle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10138518","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I don't own Donnie Darko or the characters or any of the theories that are associated with the movie. The plot for the story comes from these websites I found with scientific explanations but I warped them to suit my own need for this story. The websites are: . /explanation/ . /unanswered-questions/?post=true#blog . /alternative-explantions/ I will give a brief outline here of what is going on with Donnie and why this all happens to him. Of course this is not a legit theory, just one that suits the story I want to write. Please review with your opinions but be respectful. -Donnie is a superhero like Dr. Who but it is not fun. It is a curse and he constantly ripped from Time Line to Time Line -his whole purpose is to save the world from TU created by any kinds of disruptions -when ever he wakes up laughing it is because he recalls everything that he has ever done (including what it will all lead to -which is nothing-) and he laughs at himself because he doesn't know why he tries. But eventually he forgets when back in the timeline. -the last thing that occurred (the movie) was different -in every TU or strange occurrence, there is always someone who falls in love with him (usually Gretchen but sometimes Joanie) because he is the chosen one and because it must be done to save the world and they are manipulated living -the women in his family know about him at length and know why he is so weird -this explains why his mother is odd like him (she had the curse and passed it on) -why no one cried at the beginning when it crashed in his room because they knew he was back from a mission but at the end they knew he was dead -the reason the mother wasn't upset was because she knew he was going through deep suffering -the only way it could end was if he died or passed on his gift, ( Roberta gave it to his mother when she taught her in school-in this story Rose went to that school as a child and was given the curse by Roberta which explains why Roberta wrote the book-and his mother gave it to him at birth) -if it is not passed on it finds a new person to save the world -the strange thing that occurred was finding out Cherita had a crush on him -Cherita had nothing to do with the any of the plots and never was a love interest and never did anything to manipulate Donnie into saving the world -the knowledge that someone could love him beyond his super hero qualities is what made him come back and relinquish his abilities -instead of dying he rolls out of bed and only hurts his arm in the process and chooses to remember everything that occurred in the last universe but that is it[Chapter 2] A/N: I don't know why the links didn't post but I'll try them again. The websites are: www. donniedarko. org .uk/ explanation/ www. donniedarko. org .uk/ unanswered-questions/ ?post=true#blog www. donniedarko. / alternative-explantions/ Donnie Darko: Without the stress of having to save the world the day seems brighter, normal even. Maybe I can go a few years without another Tangent Universe appearing. My mom told me once—before the Primary Universe needed saving and before I became the Living Receiver—it only happened to her eight times; maybe the last thirty've been a fluke or something. As I walk up to the gathering of peers at the bus stop my eyes land on Cherita Chen. Maybe. \"There he is! There he is! Mr. Undestructable!\" calls Ron in a giant announcer voice. Sam elbows my side and for the first time I feel myself actually blush and do some kind of goofy grin thing. For fucksake, I feel like a normal kid again. Sean slaps Ron on the back of the head while he corrects, \"It's Indestructible, you idiot!\" Ron retorts with a shove and some stupid remark but my eyes follow the trail that Sam's hair leads to Cherita Chen. In her arms are her books and my heart, her shoulders are hunched inward, her eyes stare in my direction but I can tell she's not looking at me. I want her to look at me but not in this setting, not with my stupid friends fooling around. She looks to my sister and her friends and I wonder who she hangs out with. I never saw her really talk to anyone if it wasn't about some project. Did she have a comrade? \"Well, come on. Don't be coy, show us! Mr. INDESTRUCTIBLE,\" came Sean's voice, piercing through my thoughts. He means my cast. I lift my arm and immediately they pull out black Sharpie markers and begin to sign. It seems you can't just leap out of bed to avoid being crushed by a plane engine without getting a few injuries. I roll my eyes at my friends, \"Don't draw any dicks or anything. My mom'll get pissed.\" \"Pissed or wet?\" Ron asks and the chuckles ensue. Samantha comes out of nowhere to hit him with her bag and that's when I really laugh. I look at my little sister as I ask, \"Do you even know what that means?\" With her faced scrunched she nods her head, \"Yeah! It's when a girl is sexually aroused and wants to do stuff.\" Sean grabs Sam's bag and this is when Joanie steps in to call us all stupid and immature. The way she acts and the way her hair bounces makes me think if this were a Tangent Universe she would be my love interest. But this isn't and I look to Cherita as my dumb friends continue to throw words like \"wet\" and \"pussy\" around. I would have told them to shut up if she wasn't making the sweetest face. She's biting her lip and jutting out her chin as her eyes turn away in the ultimate sign of discomfort. It's so adorable I have to keep letting them go, my own form of teasing her. It's just so nice to see her looking like a kid when everyone else is trying so hard to be an adult. I can't help but enjoy it. \"Hey, let me sign.\" My arm is suddenly lurched forward and the Sharpies go flying over the tough material encasing my arm. I roll my eyes because the last thing I want is a bunch of hearts and smiley faces annoying me all day. Originally I planned on painting something over it. I was going to sketch it out when I was bored in class but I guess all plans go out the window when girls get involved. I glance down at the first heart and roll my eyes again. The bus pulls up and everyone goes running to the doors except for Cherita who is always the last one on. I hold onto a stray marker that had been thrusted to me and take slow, careful steps to the careful girl with her eyes everywhere but on me. I ask in a soft voice so I don't startle her, \"Hey, Cherita. Do you...wanna sign my cast?\" \"Chut up,\" Cherita hisses, her brown eyes blazing in the sun. She turns her back to me and storms up the steps, leaving me broken and crumbling. My breath is gone, my heart is in my ass, and my stomach has gone with it. Is this possible? Does she not love me here? But I stayed alive for her, to love her. This can't be. \"Donnie! Get your ass on the bus!\" Ron calls. I shuffle forward in quiet disbelief. I plop down in my seat, in no mood to fuck around. I lower my eyes and that's when I see it on my cast. Joanie's name with a heart over the \"I\" and her phone number under it.[Chapter 3] Cherita Chen: I should have eaten breakfast. The thought fills me with a sudden and unbearable shame but it's the truth. My stomach is weak and my head is swimming and I don't have any strength for what's supposed to happen today—today meaning in the next five minutes. I promised my mom that I was done skipping meals but here I am with no breakfast and too many hours until lunch. I lower my eyes to the ground and try to blink back the tears on the verge of spilling onto my face. If anyone could read my mind…they'd think…they'd think \"of course.\" Because it's a sin for me to be so big and eat like a normal person should and feel terrible when I doubt. I shouldn't eat at all. I shouldn't eat ever again. \"There he is! There he is! Mr. Undestructable!\" Oh… I told myself I would be ready. His hair is the same length it was before the jet engine collapsed in his bedroom. I told myself I would be ready or I wouldn't come in today. On his arm is a thick cast I can only imagine filled in with some sort of artwork. I heard his friends, those idiots Sean and Ron, talking about him coming back. In art class last year we experimented on rough surfaces and he always knew how to make things beautiful. The second I heard I heard what crashed into his room, onto his bed, I cried and left school. His uniform is buttoned up and neat like he never wears it. I thought he was dead until just yesterday. \"It's Indestructible, you idiot!\" I've been staring too long. I turn my eyes away to focus on something like a bird or what ever is off to the distance. I've been trained to deny myself the things I want the most and the things that give me the most pleasure and for my own sake I don't meet his eyes when I feel them fall on me. As always his stare burns my flesh and my body and I can feel myself melting under his gaze. I turn to look at Samantha who looks so much happier than she's looked in the few days her brother hasn't come with her to the bus stop. She's a sweet girl—innocent and not like cruel like her friends—and I hope to God she stays that way. \"Well, come on. Don't be coy, show us! Mr. INDESTRUCTIBLE.\" There it is. I remember when I broke my leg when I was younger and the cast felt so heavy and thick I felt like a caged bird. I know he can use both hands to draw and to write—though he only applies it when he's concentrated on shading or painting—and I bet he feels like he has a clipped wing. \"Don't draw any dicks or anything. My mom'll get pissed,\" his voice is calm with a level of anxiety shimmering beneath it. He always sounds like the calm surface of a lake hiding deep mysterious bellow. He talks like they talk but he's not like they are. \"Pissed or wet?\" Before I can focus on what's going on Samantha runs at one of his idiot friends and begins hitting him with her bag…and there goes that kaleidoscope of sound that is his laugh, \"Do you even know what that means?\" I turn my face away then because I don't want to hear her explanation or anything that will come after. I've been in the same class with these boys since middle school and I know what comes. It's the bad words and the bad descriptions being screamed at the top of their lungs. I keep my focus anywhere else but on him as those words come out of their mouth. I don't want him to think of that stuff and then get disgusted when he looks at me. Joanie's voice—so sweet and yet so distastefully like her mother's—had been in the middle of the chaos but suddenly it says something that makes my gut twist like a knife has been jammed into me. \"Hey, let me sign.\" There it is. There they all are. It's like a feeding frenzy around him, around my boy and I don't know what to say. My throat is tight and I squeeze my eyes shut to hold back the tears. For so long he has been just my secret delight. In middle school he was awful and because of that no one wanted anything to with him but something happened and he changed. For so long I was the only one that knew. For so long I knew he had been blooming into something so fantastic and now that he is big news everyone can sense it. Everyone wants it. My heart is thundering in my chest on the verge of breaking because I know what's going to happen. He's been single for so long and part of me took pleasure in that but I know someone will come and take him from my secret dreams and then I will have to watch. I will have to watch them and I have this burning rage inside of me that tells me this time it will be her. It will be Joanie with her bouncing hair and her thin arms and nice legs and I am on my own. I will be a joke again. For so long he treated me like a person but like her he will turn me into a joke…I don't want to be a joke. The bus pulls up and as always I wait for everyone to hurry on so I don't have to suffer pokes and pushes and comments at my expense. But as I wait for the last body I see the cast thrusted toward me and there it is. My voice is gone. I can't focus on what he says to me because there is her name and her number and he's showing it to me as if to tell me my hopeless dreaming is for nothing. Anger boils the inside of my bones. I want to die. I can't breathe. \"Chut up,\" I whisper angrily and start toward the bus. I never want to hear his voice. I never want to see him again.[Chapter 4] Donnie Darko: My day at school is spent in a haze of wondering. She couldn't be manipulated living—well technically everyone could—so why would she stop loving me? Did I do something? Well of course there was that thing in eighth grade but I'm different now; she's different now. What did I do? I look down at my cast and at the black bob that had been Joanie's name and phone number. I had wanted to make something nice of this stupid thing but leave it to people to shit on all your ideas. I glance up at Cherita sitting before me in the stupid Health class. You'd think with all the tuition my family has already wasted on this place they could spring for better fucking chairs. Ms. Farmer is going on about Jim Cunningham, the pedophile, and what an honor it's going to be to have him at the school. If only she knew. My eyes are on Cherita's back when usually I would be sitting beside her (Chen, Darko. How could I not see my name on her book?) but Ms. Farmer said I should take some time to observe the class before joining it. My eyes follow the length of her hair that is so dark and so smooth I want to grasp the ends and watch my fingers poke through the continual stream of darkness. In my mind's eye each lock produces a euphoric sensation on my fingers like coming back from a collapsing universe. I find my heart beating really fast and uncomfortable like I might have a heart attack or something. I look away from her hair and the image it created in my mind. My heart cools down but my finger still tingle, along with that place in my pants. I shake my head and glance out the window. \"Is something wrong, Mr. Darko?\" Ms. Farmer questions, bringing my attention back to the class. I'm annoyed to have to look at her and her face that's always so angry and forceful. Whether it's God or Jim Cunningham, she's always shoving something down our throats. I shake my head once more, \"No.\" \"You look troubled, do you want to see the nurse?\" There she is again with her pushing. She doesn't want me in the class so she wants to force me to the nurse so she doesn't have to look at me, \"I think you should see the nurse.\" \"No,\" I say in a stronger tone. All I want is to get on with my day after just saving the Primary Universe for the thirty-somthing-th time without any shit from anyone, \"The period's almost over, just go on with the stupid lesson and I'll go on pretending I'm not here.\" She doesn't gasp but her eyes bulge the slightest bit to hold in all her anger. She let's out a sigh and in a dismissive tone explains away my attitude. She shakes her head once as she falsely smiles, \"I'll just chalk this up to your recent brush with death, Mr. Darko. I expect you to be a well-rounded individual by our next class.\" I resist rolling my eyes. The last thing I need is to get in trouble and lose my after school time and one of my few classes with Cherita. I look to her again and notice while everyone else's eyes are on me she is still looking forward. That pain—that heart in my stomach coming out of my ass pain—is back again. I swallow hard and look back toward the window. If she doesn't love me I don't know what I'll do. Create a portal, maybe go back to keep myself in that bed and go squish. No. The bell rings and I stand. I can't be in this place any longer and time portals don't work like that. In fact I'm not supposed to know how they work at all. This time traveling thing is supposed to be like a dream. You wake up and go on with your day, then forget all about it. But also like a dream, if you hold onto it before and as you wake up...it makes you lose your fucking mind. I watch as Cherita gets to her feet after most of the kids are half way out the room. My own friends leave because they know when I'm in this mood they should stay away. All that's left is me and Cherita and I think she's waiting for me to go first but I don't want to. Lunch is next period and I want to see where she goes and what she does. Maybe break into her locker and see if my name is on any of her other books I don't know about. But the silence between us is deafening. I still have the Sharpie from this morning that I last used to blot out Joanie's addition. I take little steps, but they still echo in the room. When I'm by her side I suddenly catch a whiff of her scent or perfume or whatever and it's such a strong thing, not that she used a lot but just that it's dominant and womanly and familiar. It makes my heart thunder in my chest like never before, and I can't help but to swallow hard. She turns her head the slightest bit and I can see there that she is gentle and afraid. I find it so sweet how I tower over her and how she seems to have just realized that. I lick my dry lips as I motion toward the marker in my hand. This is stupid, so stupid, I know; but what else can I do? I lift my cast—showing off where I blotted Joanie's name and number, just in case she was upset about that—as I ask, \"Do you wanna...sign my cast now?\" Her lips are slightly parted, pink petals surrounded by large cheeks that make me think of x-rated things. She shuts her mouth and swallows in an uncomfortable manner. She begins to shake her head but a rush of anger or something overcomes me and I grab her hand that is creating that shield with her books over her chest to put the marker in it so she has no choice but to sign but it all goes wrong. Our skin meets and it's like an electric shock so sharp and smooth hits my skin and she must have felt it too because she jumps the slightest bit and her books to flying. \"Cherita, I-I...,\" I try to apologize as I lower down to pick her books up and that's when I see it. It's like that instant shitty blood draining feeling but the exact opposite, like blood is filling into me. My heart works so fast it feels like it stopped. A flood lets loose from my eyes and there is the tell tale sign of a moisture drop on the brown paper bag book cover beside my name. I look to her, wanting to kiss those petal lips, but she is in a tangle of mess she fights to get out of. Panic is on her face and she scrambles to grab the books to do what I don't want her to—leave. I reach my hand forward to touch her arm but she jerks away and grabs the last of her stuff as she storms out of the room. I find myself quaking in what just happened and confused by my own body's response. Never has a girl made me feel this way. Never before had I wanted someone so bad. I'm taken back to the first time I had seen the book. I wish I had those earmuffs. I wish I had those damn earmuffs.[Chapter 5] Cherita Chen: Jim Cunningham looks like the type of man that thinks he will reach Nirvana by having the largest group of middle-aged, bored housewives following him than any other cult leader. He is handsome but his eyes are dead and it isn't just the video that makes them seem that way. There is something wrong with him. I don't need to see him in person to know that. He is corrupted and the fact that Ms. Farmer is so adamant about us falling in love with him only proves it. \"Is something wrong, Mr. Darko?\" Just the sound of his name burns my sides. I had managed to focus all of my attention on what she was saying so that I wouldn't have to focus on him sitting right behind me. His stare had been burning me like venom blistering my skin and forcing away the muscle. I hoped he would leave. I hoped that all the negative energy I sent toward him in preparation for this class would make him realize that I can't bear to be in his presence any more. I hoped he would love me. And I will never get anything I want at all. \"No,\" his voice is like dynamite exploding through the airwaves. \"You look troubled, do you want to see the nurse? I think you should see the nurse.\" I can't see him but in her eyes, her terrible screaming eyes I can just imagine his destructive expression as he repeats, \"No. The period's almost over, just go on with the stupid lesson and I'll go on pretending I'm not here.\" The thing about him is that anyone would think he was just a rebellious teenager with an authority problem but that couldn't be further from the truth. I know he treats Ms. Pomeroy with nothing but respect and admiration. Professor Monnitoff I know he soaks up every word that comes from his mouth. He doesn't attack anyone that tells him what to do. He attacks bullshit and lies. \"I'll just chalk this up to your recent brush with death, Mr. Darko. I expect you to be a well-rounded individual by our next class.\" She doesn't understand a thing, this woman. My mother always taught me that I can learn anything from anyone but she seems less like an instructor and more like an example. She is why Jesus came to Earth the first time. Believers like her that force nonsense interpretation of scripture and literature into the minds of youth is exactly what God will condemn. There is a reason Joanie is a miniature beast that is the leader of every organization her mother can get her hands upon. I can only feel bad for the bouncy haired girl…I can't keep hating her for what is given to her and I should pity her for what her mother takes away. The bell rings and I swallow hard because this is always one of the worst parts; walking into class and getting out of it. Anyone behind me will think their most creative thoughts and if they don't think them they certainly say it out loud. I've created a sort of schedule so that I never have to be caught in that kind of situation again but there of course are situations like right now that I can't control. I'm trying my hardest to put my books in the kind of order that hide my stupid doodling because he can't see it. I don't…I don't love him anymore because I know what comes next and I realize I've been too stupid. I've been trying to keep him a secret for so long but Joanie has caught him in her web and no matter what Ms. Farmer thinks she will give her daughter anything she wants, even him. The last student is out of the classroom and all that is left is me and him and I'm stuck. I thought I decided that I didn't want him anymore but with him so close and just me there to appreciate the warmth escaping him I can't lie to myself anymore. I hear his footsteps and my heart is rattling against the cage of my chest and I want to cry because I don't know what to do. For so long I've wanted him to just look at me and for so long I've wanted him to just talk to me and now I just want to be left alone. If he gets any closer he will see what I really am. If he gets any closer he will see that I'm not only ugly on the outside but I'm ugly on the inside too. He is at my side in seconds and the world is crumbling down around us. I have never once been so close and I have never once realized how giant he is. He is godly around me and I just want to cower in his shadow. I don't know what to say but he shows me the big black spot on his cast where Joanie's name and number had been and I have no idea what that means. His voice, whatever magic is inside of his voice, questions hesitantly, \"Do you wanna...sign my cast now?\" I have to open my mouth to breath because I don't know what it means. I want to go and I'm tired of this joke because that's what it has to be. I shut my lips and swallow hard as I shake my head but suddenly he moves in a flash and there is red hot anger in the air that grasps my arms and there is a shock through out my entire body and I jump and vibrate with the feel of some sort of wave ripping through me and I don't know what it means and I'm scared and I'm afraid and I don't know what to do. \"Cherita, I-I...,\" and then there is silence and I realize what is on the floor. Oh, no. No! I drop down and begin grasping my books as I feel tears jump to my eyes. I hold them back as I scramble to grab the things that I knew I should have destroyed a long time ago. He touches my arm and I jerk away as I rush out of the room and feel slow tears fall down on the inside of me. I rush to the nearest Girl's room and drop into the first stall and plop onto the seat. I shut my eyes and try to breathe, unable to even think about Lunch or the bell or what happens after right now. I drop my eyes and look at the stupid book when something captures my attention. A single dot left on the brown paper bag my mother had used to cover the book and I had cursed myself with. I know I cry but I keep it inside until I get home…I didn't cry. That means…that means the tears belong to him.[Chapter 6] Donnie Darko: I spent the rest of the period following Cherita around. Well…not following but searching. Stupidly, I spent most of my time focusing on my own petty problems—like saving the world—instead of paying attention to where the lone girl went. I asked around but usually got the same answers. \"Who?\" \"Going whale hunting?\" \"Does it matter?\" Joanie gave a really interesting answer though. \"Why? Planning on sending your scraps down the garbage disposal?\" It wasn't what she said but how she said it. Her eyes were dark and her tone disturbingly rude. She sounded so mean…heartbroken even. The way she said it gave me this dark chill. Like something I didn't want to happen was already happening before my eyes. And then before I could say anything else the new girl spoke. \"Hey, I saw her in the girl's bathroom…on the first floor.\" Gretchen. Apart of my heart still vibrated at the sight of her but things were different this time. She went and sat by Sean during English class and I didn't feel jealous at all. I actually felt…relieved. The class went on as normal except for the half smile I caught at the corner of Joanie's pink glossed mouth. Much different from her angrily moving mouth that more likely than not was throwing Cherita under the bus. I stormed into the girl's bathroom and after a search that made one girl pee herself and another scream I began uncovering her hiding places. People that either secretly shared these places with her or that were nice enough not rat her out gave me the information I needed. There was the library, the old hallway with the window seat, the janitor's closet, and then a bunch of little places I never realized would be actual safe places in the school. It wasn't until I got outside to the smokers that a guy pointed over to the bleachers of the baseball field that I found her favorite place. \"Yeah, she like, always eats lunch there. Always. When it's snowing though she hangs out in the courtyard by that dumbass statue but when it's raining sometimes I let her sit in the back of my van. She's like…really cool to talk to, you know?\" My fists clench so tight at the sound of him talking about the girl I love but I know I should be thinking about thanking him instead of thinking about the possibility of him…kissing those lips that I have no right to feel like they only belong to me. And it's not just that. It's that I don't know. It's that I don't know how cool she is to talk to because I've never given her the chance and now…and now it's like I'll never get one. I shake my head and lift up my hand briefly as I begin to turn away, \"Yeah, man, thanks.\" \"No pro…,\" he stops and I pause to look at him. His eyes that had bee clear suddenly get red like those old stoners while his voice gets an echo to it I never heard before, \"Hey…You're that Darko kid, right?\" My blood freezes, \"Yeah…\" \"You should have done this a long time ago.\" \"I know,\" I respond calmly but my insides are shaking. What does that mean? Who is this guy? Why does he remind me too much of Frank? I shake my head again and start walking away, leaving behind his voice that calls out again, \"A long time ago.\" I don't want to but suddenly I'm back in Eighth Grade and it's me and Ron and Sean and those other assholes Seth and Ricky and what happened in that locker room. My heart is beating so fast and I'm starting to sweat as I try to get calm while I walk to meet her at the bleachers. We were going through puberty back then; always looking at Playboys and always talking about sex. We decided we wanted to see some real tits and we went through the pros and cons, quickly realizing that the girls our age wouldn't have full \"juicy\" ones and there was no way in hell we'd see a grown woman's. My hands are sweating as I think back to that and I wonder if she still thinks about that too. Is that's what's making her hate me now? We were stupid— I was stupid—and we decided Cherita was the closest we could get to actual boobs. My face is hot and I have the instant desire to go back in time and punch us all in the fucking face. What were we thinking? Who does that? Who does what we did? I need to talk to her, I know that, and there's some cosmic right about this feeling that I just can't get over. Maybe I'm cursed so much because of what I did to her in that locker room. Maybe I'm supposed to right what I have wronged with her before it's too late. I pause in midstep behind the bleachers and realize I should think of something to say. Something that will get her attention and stop her from running away from me before I get a word or explanation out. I've got to come out swinging with something like \"Cherita, I'm in love with you\" but not so bold. She might think it's a joke and if she thinks that it'll take a whole lot more than I know to get her back on my side. I don't know how to explain that I need her love and it's the only thing that will keep me going because if I don't have it…I have nothing else in this rotten world and it might as well go to hell for all I care. But I can't keep thinking and I've got to start acting now. I quickly round the corner with my eyes down on my feet as I climb the bleachers and I start to say, \"Cherita I need to talk to you because I…\" but she's not there. Sean and Gretchen are sitting together talking and when he looks at me his face looks like he's eaten something sour, \"What the fuck are you doing, Don?\" \"Have you seen Cherita?\" I demand. \"Last I saw she was in that bathroom like I told you,\" Gretchen looks nervous and there's still a part of me that wants to protect her from feeling scared. \"Yeah, she's not there,\" I look down at the seats around me and catch sight of a ripped up brown paper bag rolling along the bench. \"Donnie? Why does it matter?\" Sean continues, still with that confusion on his features but I can't answer him as I focus on the brown paper bag. \"If he wants to talk to her that's fine. What's the big deal?\" Gretchen tries to defend. \"Because….no one talks to her.\" \"Don't you think that should change?\" The bag rolls over to me and I lift it up and realize what it is. I grab it and run off the bleachers, leaving them calling after me. The thing is clenched inside of my fists as I begin my run toward the school and where this could have come from. I'm losing my fucking mind. I need to know what happened. I need to know why name is floating across the school and why it's no longer on her text book.[Chapter 7] Cherita Chen: The door slams open and I flinch at the sound but out comes a quick and apologetic, \"Oh, shit! Sorry…sorry.\" My eyes turn through the stalls to look at who could have spoken but I realize quickly I don't have X-ray vision and I can't see a thing. I lower my eyes once again and find my finger tracing over the wet spot that he left behind. A part of me wants to go searching for him to demand he tell what the tears mean but I know I don't have the courage. I would stay here in the bathroom if I didn't leave my lunch in my locker and I didn't miss lunch. I begin to stand upright to leave but suddenly the gentle, nervous voice breaks the air, \"Hey, crap, I'm sorry but can you pass me some tissue? It's starting to look like this day is getting worse and worse.\" I can't help but to smile briefly as I pull out a few lengths of tissue and rip it off to make the pass underneath the stall. A slender hand reaches under to take it from me and I nod briefly at her thanks. I step out of the stall and drop my books onto the corner of the sink as I reach forward to absentmindedly wash my hands. My eyes glance up at the mirror to see my own face but I turn away quickly. I don't want to look at myself anymore. The stall opens behind me and I instantly catch sight of the beautiful girl that walks out behind me. Her name is Gretchen, I know that because she's the new girl and today is her first day. She begins to smile at me but I look down again. I don't want to see the pity look that will eventually come. Most girl's are kind enough to keep their comments to themselves but they can't hide the look. No one can hide the look. \"Hey…um…thank you. For that. In my own school no one does that. We had to bring our own toilet paper to school. There were major cutbacks,\" she begins to talk and I'm at a loss for words as I gaze at her…totally absent of the look. I don't know what to say. \"My name's Gretchen…by the way,\" her hands are clean but I'm still nervous when she extends hers to me. \"Cherita…,\" I respond, slowly taking it and shaking it. \"It's nice to meet you,\" she smiles and I nod nervously in return. I don't know why she's being so nice but I know it will stop. It always does. They're always nice to me until they make a new group of friends and then I'm their biggest target. Anything they can do to distance themselves from me by any means necessary. \"You know, it's really hard to make friends here. This place…everyone is such a bitch.\" \"I know. Most of the kids that go here have parents that work here too, so even if you wanted to make a response there's no way anyone will do anything.\" The words come out of my mouth before I have time to respond, \"I can tell. I already know that Ms. Farmer monster and her little she-devil Joanie are related but God, can they get any worse? Sparkle Motion? What the fuck is up with that?\" I can't help but to laugh as I glance downward with a slight frown, \"Yeah…it's pretty awful. The talent show is coming up and they practice nonstop. I'm sure they're doing it right now.\" \"God, how awful?\" she smiled before a knock on the door suddenly disturbed our conversation and a male voice called her name. She blushed lightly as she glanced down, \"That's for me. It was nice meeting you Cherita.\" I nodded back, \"It was nice meeting you too, Gretchen.\" I spent the rest of the period getting my lunch and trying to avoid him but it seemed everywhere I went he just kept popping up. I held onto my textbook beneath my arm, feeling it vibrating like a heart in my hold. I took in a deep breath and decided to go through the courtyard instead to find as I had imagined Sparkle Motion in the middle of practice. I made sure to walk past quickly until a strong wind made my hair whip around my face and when I finally got it out of the way there was Joanie before me. \"I don't know what you're weird obsession with Donnie Darko is but you need to get real. Look at you and look at him. It's never going to happen and I hear he's looking for you to tell you so. Okay? So get real!\" She slammed my books down and I let out a sudden shout as she caught sight of the textbook on the floor with his name on it. She gasped and grabbed the book, ripping it off and throwing it behind her in the wind. I shut my eyes and waited for her to leave but instead came the laughs as I lower myself and pick up all the things she had dropped. I watched the paper bag floating away and through the field but turned away and rushed backward into the school. She was right. Look at me. She was right.[Chapter 8] Donnie Darko: The end of the day came before I had a chance to see her again but still I held onto that ripped up piece of my slowly dying heart. I kept it folded in the palm of my hand as I went out in a daze from period to period, searching the halls for a glimpse of her face. I had thought Cherita would be easy to find—she did stand out—but to my surprise she had a way of disappearing. It wasn't until the very last period that I decided my only chance of talking to her was writing her some sort of note and asking her to talk me…to give me a chance. I wrote it hastily and sloppily on the verge of tears, begging her…begging her to be the person that made me feel like I had more in the world to live for. I slipped the note into her locker and sat at the front of the bus, waiting for her to come on so I can grab her and finally set things straight. But she didn't come on. She didn't come on. \"Donnie, dinner's ready!\" Mom calls from the bottom of the stairs but I don't make a move. The thought of eating right now makes me feel like I'm going to puke. I feel like a broken record smashed into pieces on the floor but how can I not keep skipping back to the same track? I remember feeling so lost in that hallway and then seeing Cherita Chen. Even then, right in that second, I had this feeling like I needed to talk to her. I needed to be near her and when I held her face I felt that warmth that was so pure and untainted. My hands remember the smoothness of her skin and the light of her eyes that were so terrified and afraid. And then the books fell. \"Donnie, dinner's ready. Come downstairs.\" My eyes drift up to see Elizabeth leaning against the doorframe. My mind hesitantly drifts to Frank but I shove the thought aside. There's something different about her. She looks…nervous? \"Come on, don't make me beg.\" \"What's going on?\" I can see her taking in a deep breath and I have a sudden urge to scream. Not her. No, it can't be her. She can't be the…it can't be happening to her…As much as I fucking hate it I wouldn't wish it on anyone. That pain, that feeling of your brain being ripped apart by the edges of reality, getting lost in and losing yourself totally and completely until you are spat back out into some former version of yourself. Elizabeth is strong as fuck but it doesn't take strength it takes insanity. A sane person couldn't do what I've done. A sane person couldn't handle it like my mom and Roberta Sparrow. \"Elizabeth?\" \"I'm…I'm pregnant.\" \"What!\" Her eyes bulge outward as she lifts her hands toward me like she's going to strange me, \"Shut up! Shit! Not really, but if I tell mom and dad that first they won't freak out about the real news.\" \"What…\" my heart is still hammering in my chest, \"is the real news?\" \"My…uh…my boyfriend wants me to go with him,\" she pauses and I can see the absolute joy twinkling inside of her features, \"to Massachusetts.\" I don't know what to say. Her boyfriend, Frank, is the magical fucking bunny that's been guiding me along into saving the universe for the past millionth time and never EVER does Elizabeth mention him to me or dad or mom or anyone until it's already over and it's way too late. I want to shriek but I don't know if it's from happiness or despair. The only thing I can manage to say is, \"Like…forever?\" She rolls her eyes, \"No.\" \"Just for a…while,\" she has a smile on her face I can't relate to. \"What about college?\" I question. \"That's…that's exactly it. If I make it to Harvard we'll be living together already and I won't have to dorm on campus and if I don't,\" her eyes are dark but she still manages to hold that…that look of peace that comes with reciprocated love, \"I don't want to go.\" I don't know what to say to her. I don't know how to respond. I want so badly to tell her it's a bad idea but the reality is I don't know what kind of idea this is. It's great. It's different, almost too different and I don't know how to handle it or understand what to make of the situation. I want to say don't go but at the same time I want to tell her to get the fuck out of here. \"You know, I heard you were looking for Cherita Chen today.\" \"So? Does it bother you?\" I snap as I sit up from the bed. \"No, no,\" she shakes her head and gets that worried expression like we were having a moment and she knows she just shitted all over it, \"I just…I think it's nice. I see her walking home alone all the time. No one talks to her. I think it's nice that you're trying.\" I'm quiet and I don't make a sound yet. She's not like the same sister I've known. She's different somehow. I shake my head, \"You want us to meet Frank, don't you?\" Her eyes get huge as her mouth falls into a thin line, \"How…how'd you know his name?\" \"Mom said come downstairs right now guys!\" Sam yells as she comes up from right behind Elizabeth, \"Come on, Donnie, mom made you're favorite. She wants to talk to you.\" Sam spins around, sending her hair out to whip Elizabeth and to make her flinch before she calms down and leans against the doorframe so she can look desperately at me, \"Please, Donnie, I need you there so they don't flip out on me. Sam's not going to know what's going on. I need someone on my side.\" \"Fine,\" is all I can think to mumble as I shove Cherita's ripped up cover into my pocket. She smiles and motions behind her at the stairs, \"No let's go before they rip our heads off.\" \"ELIZABETH! DONNIE! GET YOUR ASSES DOWN HERE NOW!\" I roll my eyes, \"Too late.\" ","Summary":" I don't own Donnie Darko or the characters or any of the theories that are associated with the movi"},{"Movie":"Another Cinderella Story","Title":"Podemos Bailar Eternamente SLOW UPDATES","Author":"livingdream98","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8996378","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dancing was my passion, life had given me a chance to tour with Joey Parker, the teen pop sensation that chose his job over finishing his last year of high school, compared to other girls, I didn't want him; my heart didn't lust after him. As far as I was concerned he was just the guy that we helped out a bit when he performed. Yep, this is my attitude towards all of you who lust after somebody that you are clearly never going to get, but hey it's cute up to a certain extent, from then on it gets painfully hilarious. But maybe my interpretation would change from now, I'd been pulled over by his manager during rehearsals for another one of his songs for the tour. \"You've been chosen to dance lead with Joey\" She said, this woman kinda scared me a little, but I guess that's why she's his manager. I could not believe what I was hearing, I'd never danced lead for anything, \"Why me?\" I simply asked. \"You've got rhythm, you could dance to anything if we needed you to, you don't need music\" she said, offering a smile, she didn't scare me- as much! \"What song is it?\" I asked, smiling back at her. \"Dance with me\" she replied, \"It'll be a smooth but sharp tango that'll wow the crowd; I know you can do it, Joey thinks you can too\". I had to breath, breath Tailynn, okay it's just a dance, \"Okay, we'll start after these rehearsals, good luck\" she smiled as she walked off to take a phone call\". I looked over at Joey, he smiled at me and carried on dancing. I heard the choreographer \"From the top everyone! You're all doing great!\".[Chapter 2] JOEY POV First day of rehearsals for my new dance, and how excited am I to dance with yet another stranger? Not very. \"It's just another dance mom\" I sighed. \"Would you listen to yourself?\" my mom said, \"Give the press what they want for a change\". \"I don't want a girlfriend yet mom\" I groaned, sick of this subject altogether, \"It's not fair if we can't see each other\". My mom clearly didn't understand the term love when it came to teens like me. Mom's phone started ringing, \"We'll discuss this later\" she said as she walked off to take the call, leaving me in a state of desertion in the dance studio that I'd dominated since becoming that teen pop sensation that I regretted sometimes, please don't ask. I mean I just want to be normal, even if only for a day or two, I can't remember what it's like to go out without someone snapping on their camera. I started fixing up the speakers for the dance, I heard someone walk in almost in complete silence, and I looked up to see some girl standing against the mirror. \"I don't bite\" I smiled. \"I know\" she smiled. \"Right Joey and name I don't know\" Chris walked in, one of the choreographers that was joining me on my tour, \"Name?\" \"Tailynn\" the girl answered, unusual but cute name. What am I saying?! \"A little piece of advice\" Chris began, \"You two need to find some sort of way to connect when you perform, and a tango needs to be somewhat hypnotising and connecting with your partner\". \"Well we both dance\" I said, \"Now feeling incredibly stupid\". \"That's all I could think of\" Tailynn smiled. \"There's a start\" Chris said in hope, \"OK, well Joey you know the dance, hoping that Tailynn\" she nodded from the correct name, \"does too\". Chris left and we had learnt the dance within an hour, but Tailynn just seemed like she wasn't being herself, I was hoping that it was just me though. \"I'm not who everyone thinks I am\" I said, dropping her hands, \"I'm not that selfish jerk who only cares about money\". \"I know\" Tailynn smiled, \"I'm just not what you call in my comfort zone\". My mission now was to make her laugh, or at least smile, \"Well if all else fails we can always improvise\". \"I can't imagine what you have in mind for that\" she laughed, hallelujah! She's back to what I think is her normal self. \"Well in that case\" I said walking back to the stereo, \"Why don't we carry on?\". She smiled again, we danced a few more times and decided to call it a day. \"Same place tomorrow?\" she asked, looking up from her phone. \"Yep\" I smiled, \"You're really good, but you should know that already\". \"Thanks\" she smiled, \"And I think I have been told that already\". I rolled my eyes and laughed, my phone started ringing this time, \"Catch you later\" I said, realising that she was already walking away, \"I'm that boring\" I laughed. She turned around, \"If I told you that, I'd be telling a big lie\" she smiled, \"Bye Joey\". I waved as I accepted the call, I was barely able to open my mouth even a little before paparazzi babbled on about something that was unable to be translated by mankind. I couldn't quite catch anything so I cancelled the call.[Chapter 3] Soon rehearsals were over and I needed to get going before the hours in my weekend off whizzed past too quickly, I needed to move everything from my parents' house into my new apartment so I had enough time to unpack. Yeah I was moving out this weekend which was kinda scary to be honest, not that I spent that much time at home anyways, cuz I was always dancing I went on tours with artists so I didn't see my parents that much either - even though I told them I would see them a few times a week. I'm not exactly good at keeping promises, to say the least. I picked up my bag and pushed my sunglasses back onto the bridge of my nose intending on leaving without anyone asking me to stay back to talk to me, the only thing I got was a shout reminding me that it was only a two day break and not to slouch around doing nothing. Being a dancer you needed to be fairly fit cuz jumping around and running a lot did tire you out, it tired me out and you're talking to a girl with a high metabolism yet I still exercise. So it might be yoga but it stretches everything so it was good. \"See you Monday\" I heard Joey call to me. I thought I should be nice, despite the rush I was in. \"Bye Joey\" I smiled before opening the door to leave, my mom texted me saying that everything was at my apartment already. I typed a quick thanks and wasted no time in driving to my new abode. I got there after about 15 minutes and felt the sea breeze blow through my hair, guessed where I am yet? I decided that seeing as I could decide for a change I could live by the beach because when I was younger an hour and a half was too far to be from a beach. Unpacking everything was quite a satisfying feeling and didn't take as long as I thought it would. By the time it was 7pm everything was unpacked and I had food so angry Tailynn stayed at bay and happy me could relax and put my feet up quite literally. I got into watching some sorta yoga thing and was just about to start eating until my phone started ringing. \"Hey why are you calling me?\" I asked without knowing who it was. \"Oh if you feel that way I could leave it till the concert\" Joey said. \"Well seeing as its you go on\" I smiled hearing him talking to me. \"Good\" he said, he started talking about the dance that we were supposed to do for one of his popular singles by the teen heartthrob as MTV named him, I might have zoned out halfway through visualising what the dance would look like but I definitely liked his idea of a blunt but sharp ending. You would probably think with me being professional that I would know all the technical terms but that was like expecting every blonde to be dumb – you think they would be but they aren't, I didn't know all the smart people names and I still managed to do everything right most of the time. \"You've zoned out haven't you?\" he asked. \"I think it's a good idea\" I shrugged picking at the fruit I'd made minutes before Joey called. \"Okay, I just thought I'd tell you before I forgot\" he said, I heard voices from the other end and presumed that he would have to hang up soon, I must've sighed by accident without realising because he responded as if I did. \"What's wrong?\" he asked. \"Nothing, I gotta go unless you wanna see my dark side\" I said. \"I really do that, wow I thought I didn't do that anymore\" he joked. \"I need to eat something before I pass out\" I said. \"I should probably go too\" he said, \"So we can go through the dance Monday and see if it works\". \"You know it'll work unless I decide to fall on my butt\" I said. I heard his mom on the other end, \"Ugh, I suppose I should go now\" he sighed. \"Your pop star lifestyle waits\" I joked. \" One day I will go out where no one will recognise me\" he said, \"Mom I'm busy you can have a phone call by yourself without involving me\", \"I don't care I'm talking to someone\". I heard shuffling so he might've moved where he was sitting, I mean if he was anything like me then he would've been someone who shuffled where they were sat quite a lot to get in a comfy position, \"You know what, we can test my theory\" he said. \"About the dance?\" I asked. \"Well that too but no I meant going out\" he said, \"Not now cuz obviously you're tired from standing around doing nothing for most of today-\". \"Hey I do a lot more than you mister I'm the star of the show\" I interjected. \"Correct me if I'm wrong but so are you\" he said, \"So what are you doing Monday?\". \"Nothing apart from rehearsals for this concert this guy I know is doing\" I shrugged. \"Well then, its settled\" he said happily, \"Monday after we finish I can show you how fun I can be when I don't have to work\". \"I don't think fun is in your vocabulary\" I laughed, \"Maybe acting sill\". \"Well I can show you up if you want me to\" he warned. \"Okay, okay\" I calmed my laughing at bit more, \"See you Monday\". A/N: Thanks guys for waiting, I hope the finish this during the new year… oh that's soo funny isn't it cuz we're only three chapters in hahaha. NEXT: Tailynn's weekend and her relationship with her parents now she's moved out.[Chapter 4] The smell of salt woke me from my peaceful slumber, a I turned to my bedside alarm clock and decided that I should probably go for a run before it got too hot outside. I dragged myself out of bed and tied my hair up in a messy ponytail and changed into some tennis shoes and running clothes, grabbing a bottle of water along the way out of my house. I opened the door and was welcomed with a fresh, salty and slightly chilly breeze but that only motivated me more as I ran across the path at the top of the beach, I timed myself and found that I had a new personal best of 15 minutes – it probably wasn't the best I could do but it was all I was willing to do for the moment. I came back in and showered quickly, I was just washing the conditioner out of my hair when I dropped the conditioner bottle as it slipped out of my hands. WAS I GOING ON A DATE WITH JOEY PARKER? Joey was standing right in my house with his hands in his pockets waiting for me to get changed and finally show myself having not seen me since Friday, I was debating on whether to actually show myself because I didn't know what was going on with us. We are not together Tailynn get that into your head , I heard my conscience tell me as I grabbed my keys deciding that I should go out with him, he probably can't remember what it's like going out when nobody knows you. \"Sorry I had to fight with a window that wouldn't shut\" I lied, it was my everyday thing fighting with windows cuz they were so stiff. He smirked, \"You know that sounds totally normal considering its you\" he said. \"Thanks, you must know what I'm like then\" I said . \"I do and I like that about you\" he said, don't blush, don't blush. We looked at each other for a long time until I changed the subject. \"I trust you with my keys\" I said dropping them in his hands and pulling his arm walking out of the door and shutting it, he put his sunglasses on and they weren't his usual ones, that was how much I attention I paid to him. I put my aviators on and I pointed to my car still holding his arm, I wasn't too sure why but he didn't pull away. \"Nice\" he said approving of my car. \"This is what I get for my birthday when my parents are in Japan\" I said. I let go of his arm as we got in and he had to move the seat backwards, \"So have any ideas where we could go?\". \"I bet you haven't been anywhere without someone almost passing out over seeing you\" I said, \"Anywhere you want, we're going to have to get food at some point and I strongly suggest something where girls aren't\". \"Well I'm pretty sure that half the population here is of the female gender seeing as I'm in the car with one right now\". \"We're gonna have to get food at some point so I strongly advise going somewhere where girls aren't in case they pass out once they see you\" I said. \"Relax nobody's gonna see me\" he said, \"We can think about food later, how about we just find a place and talk?\". \"Yeah there's some really nice views if you know where to find them\" I said, \"You're driving you can decide\". I didn't realise that he was already driving and soon black vans were behind us when we stopped at the lights so it was a good job Joey didn't take his car. \"I'm getting annoyed with them and they're not even following us\" I said. \"This is my whole life don't complain\" he said turning off at the junction and finding a place to talk. \"Let's not play 20 questions cuz it's impossible to come up with that many questions\" he said, \"But ask me anything and I will in turn ask you anything\". \"Ask me first\" I said turning in my seat to face him. \"How long have you been dancing?\" he asked. \"Um, since I first started walking probably and professionally since I was about 14\" I shrugged. \"How old are you now then?\" he asked. \"19\" I said, \"I didn't need to go to college cuz I did extra things for my senior year of high school, and I don't know why I'm telling you this cuz you've asked me 2 questions now\". \"You know a lot about me already\" he shrugged, \"Have you always lived in LA?\". \"Pretty Much\" I nodded, \"What's your favourite colour?\". \"Blue\" he answered. \"Have you always lived in LA?\" I asked. \"I've been everywhere, I think I was born in Canada then I lived in Toronto for a while then moved to LA about ten years ago\". \"Have you ever written any songs?\" I asked. \"And you're the first girl I've spoken to who doesn't know all of them\" he smiled, \"I've never written an entire song, I've done parts of a couple\". \"And to answer your coming question, I know a few but I don't obsess over you hoping that we'd get married someday\". \"Yeah these fans are weird who think that, I mean they're cute but I find it weird when some of them are like ten\" He said. We talked more and decided it was time to get food so we left the car where it was and walked through a few streets finally settling on a hot dog stand on one of the quieter streets. Joey took the sunglasses off, \"Someone will see you\" I said. \"Quit worrying Tailynn\" he said, \"No one will see us here and if they do they'll just think we're both normal people just eating food\". \"If you end up putting us on the front pages I will not be happy\" I said, I could hear someone playing music so after we started eating he asked me to dance with him. \"Joey it's my weekend off\" I whined. \"It's mine too and if you like dancing you'll do it as much as you can\" he said, \"You're good at it so why stop when you have time off?\". \"Just this once cuz no one can see us\" I said putting my food down and taking his hand held out for me as we tangoed in the middle of nowhere as far as I knew. \"That wasn't so bad was it?\" he asked as we sat back down on the wall. \"When did you learn to dance like that?\" I asked him. \"My mom used to do it a lot and I just remember it\" He shrugged, \"How did you know what to do?\". \"I learnt some basic steps a few years ago\" I shrugged, \"I just trusted you with not dropping me\". \"That ending\" he said eating some more food, \"That's what I was trying to describe on Friday but I didn't really know how to word it\". \"I could tell that\" I smiled. \"Which is probably why you zoned out so quickly\" he said. \"I had food in front of me and I was trying to imagine what the heck you were on about\" I said, \" I like it\". \"Well the shows in two weeks\" he said, I almost opened my mouth in shock but knew I had food in it. \"Two weeks?\" I exclaimed, \"That's barely enough time\". \"Relax we can make it work, we haven't got that far to go\" he said, \"After this you'll be good to go and have more free evenings\". I didn't want that though, usually I didn't like other artists but I liked Joey a lot I have to confess, I just didn't want to tell him right now. Maybe the next time we go out like this I will. \"We should do this again\" I said, \"It was fun\". \"Next time I'm leaving the sunglasses at home\" he said, \"It'll be more fun knowing we have to watch where we go\". He drove back to mine and put the car back where it was before and walked me to my door, \"Don't have a fight with the windows tomorrow\" he said and we hugged. \"It's them not me\" I said thinking about kissing him. \"See you Monday\" He said. \"See you Monday\" I repeated. He walked off and I looked down to see his sunglasses in my hands, I thought about calling him back but I couldn't see him so he must've walked quite quickly. They didn't really look that expensive, in fact I'm pretty sure they're identical to a pair that I used to own before I snapped them after sitting on them. I laughed at the memory and realised that Joey was too much like me and I could picture him doing the same as me, I shut my door leaving the sunglasses on the table and heading up to my bathroom thinking about a nice hot bath to unwind and forget about any troubles I had. Of course I remembered that I was back in work in a day, I also remembered Joey telling me that if I loved dancing so much I shouldn't really stop on my days off and planned to go through another dance we were doing tomorrow morning after I woke up. I went through the answer machine and tons of messages came through and one of them was from my parents reminding me that I had to go to my mum's friend's daughter's birthday party tomorrow. And this daughter hated my guts, so I knew this would be the worst day of my life. NEXT- BIRTHDAY PARTY AND TAILYNN'S RELATIONSHIP WITH HER PARENTS AND THIS DAUGHTER[Chapter 5] I stood around not doing anything, it wasn't as if I wanted to be here anyways, I hated her and she hated me. That was the way it had been when she found out what I looked like and ever since then she was always trying to make herself look better than me. I had my phone and had played several levels of candy crush saga, I had ran out of lives though so my only option really was to socialise so it was a good job that I was a moderately good actor as well as a dancer. \"Come on put a smile on that face\" My dad said trying to lift the corners of my mouth up so I would look a little happier. \"Dad I have no reason to smile, she hates me\" I said finally lifting my eye level from beyond the floor, which was looking a little disgusting now that I'd actually looked at it with immense interest. \"You can smile though, you know you're probably just as good as an actor as you are with your dancing\" he said, \"You've gotta look happy otherwise Dominique will start talking to me or make me do worse\". \"Wait, she's here?!\" I exclaimed, \"She's everywhere I go right now\". \"She won't notice you as long as you don't go over where the little stage thing is\" He said, \"You know I'm not forcing you to stay, you can go\", \" I mean you've been here longer than I imagined you'd stay\". \"I have been waiting forever for you to tell me that\" I said. \"Go and I'll tell mom you couldn't stay\" he said. I didn't usually show affection towards parents but this was a hug-you-dad-I-love-you moment so I did it very quickly and pulled away before things got too weird. I ran out of the house and waited for Joey to pull up – yes I did beg him to save me and I also told him I'd do anything so he would save me. He didn't actually pull up; he was just strolling along the sidewalk and did eventually see me, \"I live within walking distance\" he shrugged, \"So what's so bad that you had to leave?\". \"Well Dominique is in there and I hate the girl with a passion\" I said, \"And I know I owe you big time\". \"You still haven't told me what you had to leave from\" he said. \"Oh\". It felt like I'd already told him, and when I didn't tell him things it was as if he could read my mind so he wouldn't have to ask, he was pretty good at reading my mind come to think of it, but then again he might just know the average life of a dancer. After a ridiculously long silence I remembered I never told him, \"My cousin's birthday party\" I said. \"Who has a party earlier than 6?\" he asked, \"So were you gonna skip rehearsals if you liked her?\" \"First of all that 'if' is very big and too big even to consider me ever being able to like her, and secondly nothing gets in the way of me dancing\" I said, \"So no to answer your question, why are we going there anyways?\". \"Because we might be able to get something done if everyone else is out of the way\" he said, \"And you can dance in what you're wearing so we may as well make use of the time, Chris wants to see a completed version of just the two of us then another version with everybody else so maybe we could do that\". \"Okay, but do you know how to use the camera before you look like an idiot messing around with it?\" I asked. \"If you're suggesting that I'm no good with cameras then you are wrong\" he said holding the door open for me, \"And we're both gonna look stupid at the beginning anyways\". \"I know but I'm not recording this more than twice\" I said, he looked at me weirdly, \"Well let's face it we aren't perfect the first time around\". \"Well we'll have to be when we perform it\" he said, \"But no pressure\", he was setting up the camera and set a timer so we have a few minutes to go over everything until the music started. Needless to say our real ages did show but we had a few fancy moves here and there when we actually did the current version of the dance. I spun a little too much and stood funny on my ankle, \"Ouch\" I winced under my breath, it did hurt a little but I didn't want him to get all parent like on me so I kept quiet. \"You okay?\" he asked. \"Yeah fine, I stood on my ankle funny\" I shrugged hoping he wouldn't worry like everybody else did, the thing was with dancers was that dancers were only really hurt when they said they were, I was pretty much invincible to any sort of pain apart from curling iron burns along my neck, but they didn't happen as often. \"Hopefully this won't be like last time\" I heard him say. \"What happened last time?\" I asked taking my shoes off. \"I lost count of how many times I recorded it and almost lost my mind\" he said. \"Aww, wouldn't want poor Joey to lose his mind would we?\" I teased. \"You mock me but you wait until it happens to you one day, you'll think 'I hate myself for being rude to that guy who I tangoed with' \"he said. \"I won't ever think that\" I said, \"How does it look?\". \"Good, it doesn't look like there's anything wrong with it\" he said, \"That's always good, we won't find out what he thinks of it until the end of the week\". \"That's ages away\" I said, \"How comes you didn't video the other ones?\". \"Because he choreographed it entirely on his own\" he said. Well didn't I look like an idiot? \"Pfft, I knew that I was just checking\" I said. \"Oh I know\" he laughed, \"This is the only release I have all week, I'm back in the studio tomorrow and the rest of this week\". \"It can't be that bad\" I said, \"Isn't this what you love? And somebody told me a while back that there's no point in stopping if you're passionate about it\". \"It depends what it is\" he said, \"I know I said that but I could end up losing my voice\". \"Okay well if you're gonna be that dramatic I can break a limb and stay in a wheelchair for the next 6 weeks\" I said, \"Don't you have some days where you just sit around doing next to nothing\". \"Why do I get the impression that you're interviewing me?\" he asked sitting next to me. \"I like asking\" I shrugged, \"And I don't have a hidden camera or microphone anywhere\". \"I do but I can't not do anything\" he said, \"Most of the time I sit around writing at home, maybe going out with friends but I can't do that much\". \"How comes you went out with me then? And you quite happily saved me from death?\" I asked. \"Because I like going out and seeing if anyone notices\" he said, \"Why did you agree to it?\". \"Because you won't look at me like a freak because I bend ways that others shouldn't\" I said, \"I just realised how that sounded\". \"Doesn't sound weird\" he said, \"I'm going on tour soon so I want as much time away from this as possible before I spent a couple of months stuck in a circle and not being able to break it\". I had forgotten that the show I was starring in was the opening for his tour, I wasn't sure if it was just the states but usually European tours lasted longer than a couple of months. I hope you can see why I'm only a dancer, it's much less complicated. I made up an excuse to leave and I went, I knew that he knew I was lying but I wanted to go home because I was hungry. On my way out someone noticed me who was looking for Joey. \"You're his dancer, right?\" Brown eyes said. \"Yeah, I'm tired though so home sounds like a nice idea\" I said. \"That does sound nice\" he agreed, Brown eyes smiled and I just smiled back, he seemed nice so he must've known Joey somehow, \"And I do know Joey\". I was getting all hot and bothered because he could read me well, \"Well unless you're a fangirl in disguise then I do know that\" I said. \"Cute save there\" he smirked, \"See you around\". \"See you around\" I repeated as Brown eyes held the door for me. Who knows if I flirted or not? NEXT: TAILYNN MEETS THE MYSTERY GUY PROPERLY AT REHEARSALS FOR ANOTHER ONE OF JOEY PARKER'S SONGS, \"NEW CLASSIC\".[Chapter 6] I don't think the weather could've been more disgusting than it was today; there was a very minor earthquake at about 3am this morning and the rest of the day followed with grey clouds and a lot, and I mean a lot, of rainstorms. So despite there being a later start at 10am, I looked incredibly windswept to the point where I think supermodels were secretly jealous of me, again. When I got to the door I saw brown eyes who I had seen when I left yesterday, I prayed that I wouldn't do anything stupid because I usually did in front of guys I had moderate interest in. I got into the studio a few minutes before we started and apparently before the star of the show could even be bothered to show up. I got comfortable and his friends looked as if they were figuring out what insults to throw at him, but obviously brown eyes was more interested in me. \"You could've spent another hour at home\" he said. \"If I did that I'd lose the motivation to actually come here\" I said, \"Did he force you to come here?\". \"No, he didn't actually\" he said watching me stretch, \"Would it be creepy if I said I needed to know more about you?\". \"Considering you were one of the reasons that I didn't stay in bed today, not at all\" I said, \"Do I sound creepy?\". He smirked, \"Not at all\" he repeated, \"So what are you doing after this?\". \"I actually don't know for once\" I said, \"But it looks like I'm going to be hot and sweaty in a few hours so I'm not really looking forward to that time\", \"Probably go back to bed and watch Netflix waiting for this gross weather to pass\", \"What about you?\". \"Probably the same, I was planning on going on a very long walk but I think that changed when I looked out of the window this morning\" he said, a silence followed so he cleared his throat, \"I should stop distracting you before you get yelled at\". \"They can yell at me all they want, I enjoy talking to you a lot more\" I said, \"Who knows, I might be able to get another hour in bed if his royal highness doesn't show up\", I thought about what I said, \"I'm not a horrible person, contrary to what I might say sometimes\". \"I know\" he smiled, I got up and picked up my bag, \"Everyone's leaving so you could\". \"I don't want to walk in the rain though\" I said. \"I can drive you home if you want\" he said quickly, we both realised that and smiled awkwardly, \"Maybe after rehearsals though\" he pointed to the door and lo and behold Mr Parker was finally here. \"Took you long enough\" I said as he walked in looking just as gorgeous as I did about 20 minutes ago. \"She just choreographed your whole concert while you weren't here\" Brown eyes said with a grin. \"I'm sure she was too busy thanking me for getting her out of her cousin's birthday\" Joey said. \"Don't flatter yourself, next time I'll show up late and see how you like it\" I said. \"And don't blame me, blame my mother, again\" Joey said, clearly full titles were used when something annoyed him, the same applied with myself, \"Okay! Let's get some stuff done, I apologise for being late but we've only got 45 minutes now\". \"Well if you're going to be specific it's actually 40 minutes\" Brown eyes said, Joey's face was priceless so we both started laughing, \"Okay, okay I'll shut up\", I secretly didn't want him to but I knew I wouldn't get anything done if I did. I reluctantly turned my back and walked over to where everybody else was standing, ready for whatever he had for us. About half an hour later I think I could say I recognised that there were several moves and positions. I wouldn't have been able to show you everything though since brown eyes kept on distracting me. After about 7 years I had suddenly developed 2 left feet and he didn't seem the least bit bothered about me making a fool out of myself so I did try to smile. \"Okay let's do that part again!\" he called. You're the new classic You're the new PYT Stands for paid, young and Taking on the world from the driver's seat You look so classic, fantastic When you're on that floor Bring the beat back once more Let me see you do that I was getting frustrated though. Joey could see it too and it just so happened that the 45 minutes were up. For once I was quick to get out like everybody else was. I had my bag on my shoulder and one earbud in already to switch off into my own world. It wasn't until I got to the doors that I realised it was Brown Eyes himself who offered to take me home, I thought it was the least he could do for screwing with my head when trying to learn the dance. I walked back to the rehearsal space and saw the two talking, I was leaning against the door frame not bothering to interrupt them. When I looked up they were both looking at me. \"I forgot you said you'd take me home\" I said. \"I did wonder why you left\" he said. \"I think you were very desperate to get out\" Joey said. \"I know I was\" I said hopefully looking like I really wanted to leave, my stomach decided it wanted input too. \"Do you wanna go somewhere for lunch?\" Brown Eyes asked in what seemed in an open way for both of us. \"I'm out, my mom has me under house arrest\" Joey said, \"Wouldn't want to interrupt on your date\". \"It's not a date\" we both said, and Joey just laughed. \"I hate to break it to you but it won't be some fancy place\" Brown Eyes said. \"Well that would be a date so that's fine\" I said. \"I'll see you two on Thursday then?\" Joey said. \"Yeah, I can actually go this time\" I said, \"See you Thursday\". \"He'll probably show up just to screw with your head\" Joey said. I grabbed his arm and dragged him out of the room so we could get food, the hallway to the door seemed incredibly long once he started talking, \"You looked like you were ready to kill me earlier, did I really distract you that much?\". \"Yes, and I can't kill you\" I said, \"I was too focused on what you thought of me in case I screwed it up\". \"You're way too good to screw things up\" he said, \"And even if you did I doubt it would look as bad as you think\", \"I didn't think I had that effect on people\". \"Don't lie\" I said, \"You know that I like you so you did that on purpose\", \"I don't even know your name and you're already screwing with me\". \"Well don't pretend you don't like it\" he said, \"If I mess with you I can't help it, you really do intrigue me so it's through no fault of mine\", he took my phone out of my hand and put his number in, \"That's not messing with you if I had the intention of doing that\". He left me speechless. NEXT: SINCE TAILYNN GOT CAUGHT IN THE RAIN SHE HAS TIME TO RECUPERATE FROM GETTING SICK, AND SOMEONE PAYS A VISIT By the way, the music she listens to will be Dirty Work by Austin Mahone cuz I'm obsessed with that at the moment, apparently he's grown up a lot in the video so, um, yeah. And I'm updating this story cuz it's easier to write than my others. ","Summary":" Dancing was my passion, life had given me a chance to tour with Joey Parker, the teen pop sensation"},{"Movie":"A Goofy Movie","Title":"Old Man","Author":"IZZY-CHAN13","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12786657","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Only now was it becoming clear that the Other Half was not what Max had believed it to be: a friend. A friend there to guide him, defend him against all abuse from a crazed jock. Someone who he had fallen into deep lust with for the longest time.. and then... The black canine stared at the stucco for substitute, wallowing in a cross between enlightenment and self-pity. His left wrist was tightly wrapped in thick gauze, still pulsating from the tension and its release. To not get into deeper trouble with his friends, he decided to wear a thin, long-sleeved sweater, navy blue. Lucky for him it wasn't the right; they would have noticed him wincing his he walked around the kitchen with a heavy pot handle. Now it was past one in the morning. The world around him had gotten dark around 6 in the evening. There he lay, bundled up in a warm comforter. But he couldn't sleep, counting the bumps on the ceiling in dim blue light. His eyes stung. He kept on counting... Bradley . The word \"child\" echoed in his mind. He never wanted to be labeled as one since high school. But, was it really true? Was he… immature? Was everything he felt towards him, involved in him, nothing but a selfish, instant gratification? Like what he said, \"Don't confuse love with lust! \" Maybe, I like confusing my terms... Do I? Motionless, waiting for daybreak, and trying to remove a dark veil from his eyes. An 8-bit tune filled the room from the dresser nearby. The cell phone vibrated against the wood finish and almost woke the guys up, had it not been for Max snatching it off the ledge and hurting his wrist in the process, \"ow owow; fuck.\" He flipped it open and heard a single word, \"Max.\" It was now 2 in the morning. \"Max? Are you there?\" It was getting harder and harder to breathe. The boy mentally shuddered at the sound of his voice. About a minute passed by, sounding of static on the other end until a pseudo-snide remark interfered, \"Are you alive?\" He buried himself under the comforter and responded in a whisper, \"Yeah.\" \"... I'm glad.\" \"Me too.\" The boy nearly smiled in the glow of the small screen. A bit of silence followed before Bradley continued, \"Max?\" \"Hm?\" \"Let's take a breather. Um, let's visit your old man.\" Just a tad confused, \"What?\" Now a gruff tone, \"You heard me.\" \"What are you doing?\" Bobby frowned and looked at the mess on the floor around Max's bed. An open piece of luggage had a poorly tossed change of clothes and bare necessities meant for the weekend, spilling over the edge. \"I'm going out.\" \"You don't mean moving out of the dorm to live in the Gamma House, do you?\" The black canine had his back arched to him, raising a bit more at this speculation, \"Of course not. I'm going to see my ol—dad. I'm going for the weekend to visit my dad... I miss him.\" The two had barely made eye contact ever since that grating morning, after that memorable Halloween night. The boy whirled around and avoided bumping into him as he walked into the bathroom and locked the door. Max looked in the mirror and noticed the dark circles under his eyes. The baby blue eyes flicked red— What are you doing? I'm going to visit my dad. I miss him. You miss holding Uppercrust in your arms! And you in his! You could care less about your \"old man\"! The Other Half grabbed at his shoulders and forced eye contact, \" Don't lie to me! \" He was absolutely livid, \"DON'T. LIE.\" The ego just took what the id had to say and nodded his head, \"I might be lying. I do want to be with him again... but I want to see my dad too.\" \"With what blessing?!\" shaking his arms desperately. His usual calm nature was being dragged down by a shaky intake of air. A wave of anger was replaced by some other tactic. The Other Half gulped and ran a hand through his lover's hair, \"Maximilian—My dear Maximilian. Beloved! Why would you want to break your heart over this parasite?\" He gave a determined kiss on warm lips, \"Love me! Only me. You don't need anyone else. You're fine on your own. You don't need him—you don't need anybody! Nobody will take the place of Roxanne!\" \"Since when have you ever cared?\" cold response. Something in the alter ego's features began to resemble that of the real Goof. His brows suddenly furrowed and before the other knew it he was against the wall, wind nearly knocked out of him. For the first time, tears ran down from the sockets of glowing ruby orbs, \"Nobody will!\" sobbing, \" Why do you want to betray us? I'm a part of you, Max!\" The Other Half struck him hard. Max didn't bother to return the blow. He just gazed at his own confidante. A lover. A savior. His voice of reason. His own tormentor. \"Nobody will take the place of Roxanne. I loved her.\" Eyes widened in shock, \" Loved?! \" \"I never said that Bradley would take her place. She means too much for me. He gets that.\" \" No! \" holding him tightly, never wanting to let go, \"If you really care for her, you'd stop seeing him! You'd go and find her , not Brad—follow her to the ends of the earth and claim what's rightfully yours! Ours! \" Max kissed his Other Half on the forehead. Embraced him and buried his muzzle in raven hair... He didn't know how to react to this. A knock sounded at the door. The kid washed his face for the third time and grabbed the nearest towel, damp and cold, \"Max, where are you going?\" He opened the door and saw his buddy, then smiled, \"Hey Peej. I'm going to see Dad this weekend.\" PJ blinked and gawked at him with those amber irises, \"Willingly?\" He only knew how many times Max just wanted to get away from Mr. Goof. To hear of finally wanting to see him was a bit unexpected, \"You want me to come with?\" \"No,\" looking around noticing that Zimmeruski was a no-show, \"I'll be going alone... Peej?\" \"Hm?\" \"Thanks for the offer.\" A hug came from nowhere. I'd love it if you could, but then... PJ didn't know what to do. The last time he had received one was way back when they were just a couple of rowdy kids, some Christmas morning. He forgot which year... \"Aw Max don't get all sappy,\" patting him on the back and distancing away, \"you're crying.\" Goof rubbed at his eyes, \"No,\" taking a sniff, \"I just got something in them. That's all.\" His best friend smirked, \"I guess we gotta tell Bobby's ghost to stop chopping onions in the kitchen, huh?\" For the first time in a long while, Maximilian let out a good-humored laugh, \"Shut it, man!\" The next day... Friday. Just as instructed, the canine waited at the Reference Section of the college library, near the same spot they had bumped into each other way back in September... That same night... Out of habit he dwelled on the past, and thought of her again before playing the recorded tape over and over again in the back of his mind. \"Can you stop answering in one-word sentences?\" When he turned away after throwing the book in his fumbling hands, \"You're welcome.\" before walking off. He almost grinned watching himself picking up the weight on the floor and going into a nervous sweat. The naivety of this kid! Max didn't know, after all this time, whether he had gotten wiser or stupider. Looking back even further, he wondered if Bradley Uppercrust was the only jerk present in that locker room. Everything that happened that strange afternoon was his fault, wasn't it? ... Or, was it.. \"Angel.\" Clouds parted from foggy eyes. \"There's a back way out. You got everything?\" The boy nodded and picked up the case lying next to the bulky scanner printer. He looked behind the senior in question. \"There's no one nearby. All my stuff is already packed in the trunk. You can put your case back there, too.\" Max didn't know exactly how he was going to get back home. Hearing this, his heart skipped a beat or two. He kept silent, and followed quiet footsteps down the linoleum path to heavy double doors. Every time the sophomore looked in his direction, the senior averted his eyes. The distance between them was immense for being so close more than a week ago, \"Bradley?\" The jock pressed his weight against the metal beam; barrier opening with a clank, \"Come on.\" answering as if he never heard the question. A fantasy jolted through the kid's mind. He wanted to throw the case aside and pin his lover to the brick wall to show how much he missed him! The expression on Uppercrust's face was immediately sobering; he looked as if he were to collapse at any moment. There was a slight swaying motion to his walk, as if everything around him was nothing but a dream... Just a dream. The fog shielded over light blue orbs again, \"Bradley,\" reaching for his hand, to which the other pulled away and slipped into his trench coat pocket, \"You never learn, do you?\" The asphalt greeted the soles of their shoes, crunching the red and yellow mulch. More leaves fluttered from their branches. A couple fell in the boy's hair. Neither had noticed. Max was smart enough to be wearing a sweater this time. The same he wore on the day that he had made up his mind to transfer out of campus due to his \"old man's\" skyrocketing popularity. Bradley wore dark grey over his usual maroon. Goof Boy looked to the sky. Crows mocked their presence this dreary afternoon. He slid across a bit of frost. It wasn't getting that cold already—was it? \"Where is it?\" hot breath forming puffs of smoke in the chilly air. \"Storage area nearby.\" \"Is it a part of the campus?\" \"Nope.\" For being the loose cannon in practically everything else, Bradley was a hell of a good driver, eyes always focused on the road ahead. The fifth freight truck zoomed by the opposing lane. Max didn't have to take the wheel even once. Only a half hour passed by. A half hour of near silence. Rows and rows of cornfields swept past his vision. A speck of sun broke through lead skies. The boy had to gasp for air when he failed to speak again... Now mouth barely opened... \"uh. Where'd you get the car?\" \"My old man got it for me,\" never letting his pupils shift, \"ironic, actually.\" \"How much was it?\" \"Way past your budget, if you ever decide to get a job. Can't you drive?\" The dead look transformed to puzzlement. \"Usually, I'd... \" The black Lincoln slowed to a stop at a main intersection. The route home was straight ahead. \"Bradley, can we stop somewhere along the way?\" The driver flinched, \" Why? Do you want to talk , or do you want to make out?\" \"I— \"What do you take me for?!\" He sounded more alive now that his frustration lit a spark, \"Just because you classify me as a whore it gives you the right to do whatever you want with me?\" The traffic light was still on red; foot planted firmly on the brake, \"Max. What is the definition of 'whore' to you?\" The senior glared, waiting for a response. \"A whore... is someone you pay to have sex with. But not always. Some people just choose to be— \" Choose to be?\" The response sounded high pitched due to the lack of oxygen to his diaphragm, \"That's really funny, Goof Boy. I forgot to laugh!\" Bradley's tone of voice was painful. Max should have kept his mouth shut. The light went green; wheels grinded on the asphalt— \"And what if the paid whore doesn't do what he or she is told to do?\" \" Answer me! \" The young man came to a screeching halt off the side of the road; dirt ruined the spotless rubber and chrome. Both might have just flown through the window shield if they didn't have their restraints on, \"Well?!\" \"They're,\" catching breath and swallowing a hard lump, \"not doing their job.\" \"You expect them to be punished?\" It was near accusation. \" No .\" Brad clicked off his seat belt and twisted his body to set his record straight, motioning with his hands and arms, \"Most clients punish their whores. Their handlers will torture them to get what they want. They never bother to know their name nor where they came from.\" This was a horrible time to bring up the Occult rituals the fraternity performed from time to time. The kid had his lips sealed. Hypocrisy was blatant in both males. \"The ones I've met,\" he continued, \"tell me they were neglected. Tell me they were forced into it. Drugged, kidnapped, whatever. They tell me. And, I listen . I know it's their job, but if they're not up to it, I still pay them the full amount and don't speak a word of it to their pimps.\" This was hard to digest. \"You think they're just filthy creatures that the world can do without? Do you expect everyone to be pure? Without sin?\" He grabbed at the sweater's collar and brought the kid's face centimeters away from his, \"Until people like you decide the time is ripe?\" \"You do the same thing, Brad . I bet I'm not the only one you've corrupted.\" His back slammed the passenger seat door. \"You raped me!\" \"So have you. What's the difference?\" He half wished that a tractor would come by and run them over. His lack of anger only irked Uppercrust even more, \"You started it!\" \"You did... let's put up the shades and rock in the backseat already.\" Bradley did no such thing. The car ignited and blazed back on the track. \"If I didn't feel it was my responsibility to get you to your dad safely I'd unlock the door and kick you out so you can find yourself under the wheels of a fuckin' truck!\" Maximilian never felt so disconnected from reality in his life. \"I hate you!\" Brad sounding dreadfully abnormal; tears welling up inside of him. \"Why are you helping me then? I'm going to the back and sleep. Wake me when we get there \"But I need you to tell me where we should go once we reach the city limits, Max \"Then STOP insulting me! \" lunging and wrenching the wheel from the senior's hands and twisting it towards an oncoming car in the other lane— Bradley shrieked in horror and as quick as lightning pushed him out of the way at the blare of a horn— The sides of both cars grazed at each other and kept going at full speed— \"Are you crazy you almost got us killed! \" \"I'm not the one killing in your stupid ritual orgies!\" \"I will not be held responsible for the death of those that had nothing to do with us!\" \"You know what?! You're a fucking hypocrite! \" \"So are you you crazy bitch! \" \"Then we agree on something!\" \" Finally! \" Now like an old married couple in unison, \" SHUT UP! \" The darn canines were a lot calmer throughout the next several hours. The silence was replaced by a dark, neoclassical melody… \"We're running on empty,\" pulling up to the station on the outskirts of town, \"wait here, Max.\" \"Okay.\" Goof Boy smiled before needing to turn away from a cute wink. At some point in their day's journey they did end up parking for a while. But all that happened between them was a long embrace, kissing each other's face, blushing all the while like kids playing in the closet. They avoided lip contact; both knew it was going to lead to a more depraved form of affection... Max willingly let the whore be on top as his form of an apology. The sweetest, sickening words fell from their lips, telling each other how much they cared, and what regret they felt. Many questions, old and new, were asked, but never answered. Before they knew it, they nearly drifted off into sleep, eyes fogged with salty dew... It still wasn't right. Being involved in this way. If anyone else who bore the same complex shone with pride, then he was the type to douse the fire—snuff it out as a sin of weakness. I'm weak, Other Me. We both know that. He held his hand firmly and kissed a suffering being on a pale cheek. You're going to kill us, Maximilian. You've accepted it. You'll make no effort to change, will you? What if... I can't change it? The ruby orbs lost all light before they began to disappear with the rest of him, ... Please, Max. His plea was a whisper... \"Maximilian?\" A warm hand touched his lap, \"Are you okay?\" The boy looked away from the window pane and his own relflection. \"You look tired. Are, we almost home?\" Bradley fastened his seat belt and gazed into watery orbs... \"Yeah, we are.\" \"I'm glad.\" A child's smile. Something freshly buried in the mind's eye suddenly growled. You two. Will only end up killing each other. Inside and out... Bastards. I'll be back, when He needs me... You can count on it.[Chapter 2] \"Dad!\" Max leapt into his father's arms when the door finally opened, catching him completely by surprise— \" Maxie! \" Goofy returned the hug and peered over his only son's shoulder, \"huh?\" \"Good evening, Mr. Goof.\" A familiar redhead with a bob of short hair and pointed frames strutted over to the entrance, in a sky blue turtleneck and a long, lavender skirt, \"Oh it's so good to see you again!\" kissing the sophomore on the cheek, to which he beamed. Bradley looked at the college librarian, not in disdain, most probably mere disapproval. That didn't stop him from extending a cordial hand, \"Ms. Marpole— \"Soon to be Mrs.—greeting each other in all politeness. Throughout their platonic chat afterwards, Goofy took Max to the other side of the porch, \"What's Mr. Uppercrust doing here, Max?\" No better time to get some weight off his chest, \"We're friends now, Dad. We've, you know—\" shrugging his shoulders in place of laughing nervously, \"settled our differences!\" His father raised a brow, as for the how —\"We just got to talking to each other, after you got your college degree—\" rocking back and forth on his toes and placing both hands in his pockets, \"And, we realized that we have a lot in common.\" \"I'm not so sure— \"Pete ain't exactly the most trustworthy friend on the planet either, Dad.\" Giving a funny little smirk to seal the deal, \"But, he's a good guy underneath all that.\" Goofy still had an air of uncertainty despite his usual cheerful self, \"All right, Maxie. Do the boys know you're here?\" Max stuck his tongue out playfully before responding, \"Yep! But, they don't know that Bradley drove me here. It's a bad idea letting them know…\" The Uppercrust kid gave Mr. Goof a friendly pat on the back, \"The ex X-Games King being friends with the captain of Team 99? It's unheard of! They'd no sooner burn us at the stake for being heretics!\" Max motioned him to cut away his sense of humor once Goofy turned to face this \"changed man\". Sylvia giggled and dragged a confused Goof away, \"Don't worry none, honey. I've known this student for a long time!\" An odd, disturbing image crept to Maximilian's head, which he immediately dismissed. \"He used to come by the library all the time during his freshman year. Quite the bookworm, weren't you, Bradley?\" The senior went red from embarrassment, \"He'd always tell me it was his only way to escape his 'prison of a fraternity' and all the sports practices in between—Remember, sweetie?\" \" Haha! Yep—\" Sweat flew in all directions as he tugged at his collar while Max failed to stifle a giggle, throwing his head back and laughing nonstop, \"Bookworm Bradley! That's adorable!\" With the petite Chihuahua around, it was easy to break the ice between the jock and the new champion's father. Sylvia played the mediator at every turn. Yet she was downright oblivious to the fact— \"Should we tell her?\" \"What are you asking me for, Dad?\" Besides… Her hand was on Bradley's shoulder, currently enthusiastic about his progress in trivial things, amongst them being reading classic novels, poetry, and his dabbling in fine art. Their slabs of pound cake, drizzled with strawberry syrup, were getting cold along with the instant coffee. A drop or two of the transparent, viscous topping tinted the baby blue-white checkered tablecloth, surface decorated with a woman's touch. A vase of flowers burst with the rainbow's spectrum, opaque glass reflecting their merry dispositions… Goofy was confounded at the sight which his son found rather pleasant. If the senior's participation was all out of a devised plan, then he was doing a mighty good job at it. Maybe all the boisterous laughs were mocking of her intelligence. The hot blushes were of shock, as if she had unearthed a dark secret. Everything was going just as planned when the librarian pulled him in for a tight hug, where his arms fell limp in a motherly embrace. There was no better moment to draw the hearts all around this stranger to the common world. \"I wish you had the time to visit me last year.\" \"Heh heh, it doesn't seem I had to. Mr. Goof here did a better job than what I'm qualified for!\" \"Me?\" \"Yep!\" Sticking his tongue out in good humor, \"You got a wonderful woman…\" Max was the only one to hear in on the rest of his sentence, \"to replace your dear beloved wife.\" His melody went sour on the last note. \"Gawrsh.\" It was Mr. Goof's turn to blush; Ms. Marpole took a cute hand to her lips and giggled. \"Dad,\" placing a hand over his father's, \"Let's not tell her what he did,\" secretive whisper, \"look at him…\" Brad glanced across the table and met the kid's eyes. He seemed a bit hurt, yet smiled nonetheless. \"Why do we need to have the whole world hate him?\" Sylvia wrung her hands in excitement, \"Tell me, do you have any new sketches you'd like to share?\" A black dog nearly choked on the hot water as he was sipping it up. \"He's very good at figure drawing, Goofy.\" \"Fig—ur?\" The four lounged around in the living room, occupying the loveseat, couch and armchair nearby. Bradley took the armchair like another throne, leaning forward in conversation. Topics of interest were of the college life, graduation, and future endeavors. The spastic jock never sounded more civilized in his known life, taking everything seriously and not spitting out any dialogue dripping of sarcasm or ill will. Goofy himself, arm wrapped around the librarian, pulled off a bit of a sophisticated image himself. Of course he'd delve into that familiar laugh. After all this time, living with Ms. Marpole, maybe he had some brains implanted by her in a secret lab. Maxie giggled at the sight of Sylvia in a white lab coat sporting long rubber gloves and dark goggles, \"Pull the lever, Tank!\" (clank!) \" Wrong lever! \" \"What's so funny, Max?\" Bradley asked. \"Nothing, man,\" sitting up on the couch and bringing his knees up to his chest, \"Just thinking.\" The senior's thick brows were raised, Man? \"I never did meet your dad, Mr. Uppercrust. How's he doing?\" A smile kept plastered over the young man's countenance, \"Fine. Just fine.\" \"Where does he work at?\" \"Office building.\" The usual wordiness to his answers was cut down to size. Fingers resting on the arm dug into the faux leather. The glittering of those blue orbs suddenly went dull. The sophomore was the only one to notice, and bit his lip. \"Could you be more specific—what job he's taking?\" \" Janitor. \" Both Goofy and the redhead blinked in astonishment. Uppercrust suddenly burst into laughter, \"I'm kidding, sir! He's got a very high position there, white-collar job and everything!\" \"Oh!\" The funny dog nodded his head in understanding, \"I bet you have a nice house— \"Oh yeah. It's paradise. Servants and everything.\" Bradley was either getting borderline ridiculous, or about to blow a fuse— Goof Boy had to think of something fast, \"Bradley—where will you go after you leave college?\" It sounded like a mere repeat of a question that Ms. Marpole had brought up earlier. But the way he asked it sounded more like a child's plea for him to stay. His father picked up on the tone real quick, \"What do you mean, Maxie? Everyone needs to fly the coop sometime. Like you said when you were leaving for college: I can't wait to get out of here.\" A wave of guilt knocked the boy over; his friend was not impressed. The atmosphere went cold. The senior crossed one leg over the other and sunk back into the cushion, aloof, taking a woven fist to the side of his face. \"I'm sorry,\" bit of a mumble. \"Goofy, honey.\" a peck on the cheek, \"You know he's still young. He's only a boy.\" Bradley chuckled, \"I agree.\" Another lump caught in this boy's throat. He just wanted to help. Running a nervous hand through raven hair, he got up and bid everyone a Good Night, peering at a ticking clock above the wall separating them from the kitchen, \"I'm gonna turn in. It's late— \"What's late to you?\" Brad was scathing. \"Almost midnight.\" His dad got up and gave his son a loving embrace. Max didn't know whether to feel grateful or humiliated, \"Good night, Maxie—you need help to make the bed? And, where's your friend going to sleep?\" Some life came back to the gray orbs as the guest stood up, \"I'm going to sleep in his room. Right, Max?\" Both males smiled sheepishly, \"Did you bring a sleeping bag?\" \"That's the thing: I've never slept over.\" \"Uh,\" suddenly having to turn away when he felt a rush of blood to his cheeks, \"there's a ton of blankets in the hallway closet. I can make you a cushion out of those and I'll get you a pillow or two. Loan you some pajamas— \"I brought my own, don't fret about it.\" Bradley returned to a positive charge. Sylvia walked up to him and gave him a small kiss, setting the young man ablaze, \"Good night, sweetie.\" \"Before we head upstairs, can you pet my head?\" That disturbing image lit up again. Max jerked at his collar and dragged him off the scene, \"She's not petting your head, playboy!\" Bradley stuttered, \"B-b-but!\" … \"He sure is a strange one, ain't he?\" \"You were so flirting with her, dude!\" \"There's that word again! Since when did I become a part of your 'posse'?\" \"Don't change the subject!\" throwing a pillow at his face— \"Get your mind out of the gutter, kid! \" swinging the weight full force, \"oof!\" Bradley had a considerable downgrade in sleepwear. On some nights he'd be wearing the robe. On bad, the casual loose fit. And, on good, nothing at all. Now he wore silk red pajamas, enveloping him in such a way that the ends of his sleeves dangled off his hands. All he needed was a chubbier face and he would be mistaken for a boy of 8! Max, in the usual tank top, saw through this disguise and tripped him up, letting him fall to the cushion of blankets piled on top of each other. Bradley whimpered as he felt himself being pinned down, \"You've gotten cuter already.\" If Goof had a tail, it was wagging up a storm. … \"It's not the best idea to try and pull this off at your own house.\" \"And why not? I thought you were the one who found the possibility of getting caught exciting.\" Brad shook his head, \"Not here.\" He gulped. The dominant canine looked him over, then went in for a kiss, \"Just one. I promise.\" The boy wanted to stay there forever, wrapping his legs and arms around his guest—The senior petted his hair and pecked him on the forehead, \"Time's up.\" He nodded, and stood up—\"I can sleep on the floor; you can borrow my bed— \"No, it's fine… Say, what's that?\" A long finger pointed towards the corner of the room, at a stuffed animal perched on top of some linen. \" Nothing! \" blocking the view which the other peered around, \"It's not mine!\" \"Well sure it is, unless you got a baby cousin.\" Maximilian put his head down in shame and put a hand behind his sore neck, letting him take a look, \"Aw, it's cute. Now it's mine. \" \"Huh?\" The college student now sounded like a school grader. \"It's mine and you can't have it.\" Sticking his tongue out before smiling, \"Teddy!\" holding the polyester stuffing close, \"It smells just like my 'Maxie'!\" \"My teddy.\" The lights were off; Goof Boy couldn't sleep. Too many lustful thoughts coincided with more important issues that he felt he had to bring up. It was around 2 in the morning again— \"psst! Bradley!\" hanging off the side of his bed and shaking the man's shoulders, \"Mmmh…\" tiny yawn, \"Wha—Oh Max I was just about to enter a stage of unconsciousness.\" The teddy bear was guarded by his strong arms. \"Bradley… don't you want to try it now? My dad sleeps like a rock.\" \"Pfft!\" blowing strands of dusty brown hair from his face, \"And explain to Mr. Goof why the sheets are covered with slime. Very smart, Max—you should get an award.\" The other laughed nervously before clearing his throat, \"Speaking of which, why do you hate your 'old man'?\" Heavy silence. Finally opening his mouth, \"Max. Your father's a good man. You should be proud. Not shameful.\" \"Is yours a bad man?\" He slid out of the covers and sat down on the cushion, running a caring hand through his friend's hair… \"No. He's not evil , if that's what you meant. He's just…\" The young man curled up in fetal position, \"kinda tough on me, that's all.\" \"Kinda like PJ, huh?\" Until now Uppercrust's back was toward him; now he was peering up at the younger dog's face, \"Hm?\" \"His dad's kinda, well.. For a while he wouldn't let me and Peej hang out because I was a Goof—'you'll get their germs, see?'\" Bradley giggled, relieved he wasn't pressing on getting answers. \"So, I can catch cooties from you?\" Even real tired, he listened attentively to Max Goof's high-spun tales of burglars, car dealerships, camping, fishing, crazy fathers and their occasional rivalry, cute babes… skateboarding and some pharaoh… Like a mother reading a bedtime story to her child… It was the safest Bradley had felt in a long time, right in the bedroom of his once sworn enemy's house. Max nearly fell asleep next to him. Realizing where he was, he crawled up back into his bed and buried himself under the comforter. Now he didn't know what to do next. It began to dawn on him that Bradley Uppercrust wanted more from him than he could ever give. He didn't know how… and he didn't seem to be the one qualified for the job, either.[Chapter 3] \"Son of a bitch.\" \"Excuse me?\" \"You heard me—rrk!\" \"Say it again ; you're calling my mother a bitch?\" That cocky attitude wouldn't leave, \"Of course I am. There a problem?\" They exchanged glares. Max let out a smug smirk, \"I wonder what kind of mother it took to raise such a demonic child—Brad twitched—\"A bitch. Whore even.\" The senior's features went contorted to a hellish stature as he tugged the shirt collar even closer, them sharing the same breath, \"Don't talk jackshit about my mother!\" Something unusual happened. Stealing a kiss in the secluded alley, Bradley saw the light blue eyes turn red. A voice, not his own, raped his mind, \"You're a whore , Brad. Always will be… Dear mother of yours—you obsess over her! I bet you had some fun with her when your dad wasn't around!\" \"WHAT?!\" Goof Boy's mouth kept shut, the harsh tone rang in his ears, \"Saw her when she dressed—you want her so badly— \"What the hell are you doing?\" The boy was in a trance, speaking in tongues—It was the fifth time that the jock punched him in the face, rammed him against the wall and threw mighty blows to his stomach— The Other Half giggled, \"Every time you fuck a girl you wish it was your own mother!\" \" What the fuck?! \" The constant pulling and tugging at the shirt made the fabric tear—Uppercrust was going mad, \"That's not true that's not true why would you say that?! Max— MAX! \" That bellow rising from a stressed throat woke the child far too late. He found himself facing the concrete, trying to climb up the wall to a stand—Bradley pounded him to the ground again, ripping even more of the shirt open—\"You, SICK. DEMENTED— \" Bradley! What—?!\" The jeans were ripped off; boy finally tasting blood— \" Cunt. That is what you are.\" Max screamed in pure agony and then burst into tears as the thrusts got more and more severe—\"Bastard..!\" He tried to rip locks off the senior's scalp— \"Harlot! Wench! Bitch! \" As he felt himself being torn through he looked up and saw his mirror image staring him down, incisors agleam in the drab green light. A demonic smile— \"I'm sorry! I'm sorry! \" To this the Other Half laughed and laughed, clapping his hands in sheer delight. \"I didn't mean it—I didn't mean it! I didn't say that!\" … Soon, he lay there, shivering. Hearing the zipping of fabric, his \"friend\" spoke, \"Wanna know what you remind me of?\" His chest heaved from the suffering. \"I'll never tell you.\" I'm sorry. I didn't…. \"mean it.\" Eyes slowly opened to a fuzzy vision. Red and blue spots gave way to a clear view of the ceiling. The sophomore let out a grievous sigh before realizing where he was. He remembered, then turned on his side to prove that it wasn't all a dream. An angel slept in cotton and silk, protecting evidence of the innocence that both still shared. This same man capable of torture in cold blood… \"What am I?\" He twisted his body and saw green digits, glowing 7:11AM. 7:12AM. Max was dead tired; he couldn't afford slipping into another nightmare, \"Damn it.\" It was a better time than any to take a shower. The lethargy washed off just as quickly as the grime on his fur. The pouf in his hand took great care not to rip off the scab formed above where the inverted cross was ingrained in his belly. The cut was deep enough; but not so much that it nearly pierced his organs… First a kiss, then a heavy pounding of his foot, and now a permanent scar. Why did the boy want this monster so badly? Max sighed and rinsed his face under the metal nozzle. Warm water flowing upon his body reminded him of sweet caresses, falling under His spell. When it was over, they'd lie in blood red silk and not utter a syllable. It was only in this silence void of moaning, screaming, cursing and gasping of each other's name, did they begin to truly understand each other. What pained existence each must have led… The kid still hadn't figured out why Bradley had turned out the way he did. He had asked a number of questions from the very beginning— \"What's your dad like? You're obviously rich. How much money does he make? What's your mom's name? Where do you live? Do the other Gammas know you're gay? Why are you such a jerk?! What's your problem—with being called 'Brad' instead of Bradley?\" What's wrong with having Brad as a nickname? Whatever it was… \"What's love to you, Bradley?\" asking no one in particular as he dried off his hair after the towel soaked the dew on his muzzle, \"Why won't you tell me?\" You never tell me! \"…. Roxanne.\" He got himself dressed in new clothes, while his mind wandered to cold autumn days where he held her close on the porch, as if they were already married. When his dad would go inside to attend to the meal cooking on the stove or in the oven, Max would give her pink cheek a tiny kiss. He was never good with words, so he could never think of anything clever to say without sounding like a dork. She never cared about that. Just knowing she was safe in his arms, that he never meant any harm, was more than enough. She would be the first one to initiate the kiss on the lips, where he would end up playing along and get a little feisty on the couch, as the term implied. \"If you don't feel comfortable, just tell me. I never want to hurt you. Ever.\" \"Oh Max what are you so worried about? I know you—you're a good guy!\" \"You think so, Roxanne?\" Brightest color in his eyes. \"I know so\" before a peck on his round nose, where he reddened considerably. \"Ahyuck!\" How far had he fallen since then? Wasn't he supposed to be the good guy no matter what? He didn't want to think about it anymore and made his way back to the room. Just as he was about to turn the knob— \"Morning, son!\" \"Dad!\" Max whirled around and controlled his breathing, as well as a hot rush to his cheeks. \"Since you're up so early, you can help with breakfast!\" \"That's great, Dad.\" He forgot how active Goofy was, up and running for the day ahead. \"Something smells good!\" \"Morning, Mr. Uppercrust!\" Goof Boy snuck a peek over his shoulder. A jet black turtleneck took the place of that prissy sweater, accompanied by tight, dark gray jeans. The outfit set off the sapphire in his eyes. As always, he took great care in his appearance. Freshly showered, hair combed with a bit of gel, it seemed—\"What's up with that hairdo?\" \"What about it?\" A little yelp came from behind— Actually it was a bit of a squeal, \"Oh! I thought it was your father— With that a palm and fingers pulled the strands of hair back over his face again while father and son exchanged glances— \"I never said you had to, Bradley. You looked dashing with your hair combed back!\" Slight grimace, \"Thanks, Ms. Marpole.\" Out of the four, Sylvia was the only one still in her sleepwear; a cotton robe with comfy jammies underneath. Fuzzy blue slippers whisked their way over to Mr. Goof, \"Morning honey.\" Smooch! Now that funny giggle. Still minding the dishes, \"Wait, you've met his dad, Sylvia?\" \"Yes, Max. His name is Alphonse…\" trailing off as Brad stuck thumbs in his pockets, \"A bit domineering at times, but he's a respectable gentleman. He attends a number of the College Board meetings— \"M'am.\" At the man's conjecture, the librarian nodded her head and dropped the subject. The sophomore only wanted to hear more. After a hefty stack of pancakes loaded with butter and syrup, eggs, coffee, crisp sausage and bacon, Goofy made his announcements for this new foggy day, \"Won't be foggy by noon! We're gonna get some sun— \"Thank God.\" The boy had to stifle a giggle to a newly obtained dark sense of humor. \"Max and I will run a few errands while you can help Sylvia around the house.\" \"I—I'm not so sure that's a great idea—How about you and her— \"Don't you trust me, kid?\" \"Uh— \"Apparently not!\" giving a mocking little grin. Max made sure to catch the jock in the hallway, alone, \"Bradley, can't we have a little fun today?\" \"I brought you here,\" Now in all seriousness, \"so that you could reconnect with your father. You want to know what love is? Look to him for an example.\" Before walking off, the senior gave the kid a long embrace against the wall and kissed a blushing face and eyelid, \"I'm a bit weak with you still, it seems.\" To this, he whispered, \"Me too.\" \"How've you been, son?\" \"Good.\" Max smiled before staring at the low cloud they were engulfed in. The wiping of the windshield wasn't doing very much to clear their vision. Luckily nothing drastic had happened to them on the road, \"yet.\" \"Huh?\" \"Oh nothing Dad, just thinking to myself is all.\" \"How's college been for you?\" \"Great. My grades are decent as usual. The guys are doing all right…\" \"Your girlfriend called.\" Max was no longer in a daze, \"Roxanne?\" He turned to face his father, eager to hear the rest, \"How is she?\" \"She says she's doing fine and making new friends— \"That's good!\" What about me? \"How's her dad?\" \"Still the silent type!\" The boy grinned and looked at the traffic light, \"It's on green now, Dad.\" A car suddenly honked behind them. \"Whoops, sorry.\" \"Did you usually help around the house, living with your father?\" \"I remember helping my mother out… then I guess we had Yoli and her friends take up responsibilities around the house. I'd offer to help, but— \"He wouldn't let you—done with the dishes yet? Max made it a lot easier for you, didn't he?\" Bradley let out a curt laugh, \"I guess he did.\" Sylvia was dressed in humble clothing. Not in the mood to be going out, she had on her set of sweatpants and a wool sweater. Her pointed frames slipped off the edge of her nose, and carefully she nudged them back on while wiping up the dust on the wooden furniture, with a wet rag smelling of citrus fumes. The chemicals in the air made the jock half wish he had some brought some marijuana and maybe a slip of LSD—But for now he was getting his hands wrinkled, rinsing the porcelain and ceramic plates, mugs, and silverware, \"Da da dada\" \"What'd you say?\" back to him. \"Nothing just 'singing', making sounds for no reason… Done, Sylvia.\" He washed his hands under hot water for the second time to get all the grease off his fingers, \"ew.\" A tiny beep rung in a nearby hall, \"How 'bout you fold the laundry?\" \"Okay, 'Auntie'.\" The senior was starting to get the twitch. The kind he got when he didn't have his daily fix. Certain images filtered though his mind, besides yearning for the drug—involving a friend of his and bed sheets being folded by his arms. He might have given the kid some sense to their whereabouts, but he knew that he himself was just as ready to begin that same self-pleasure cycle all over again. Maybe it would be a lot less violent. Maybe he could enjoy it again, like when he first started out, at 18… After Harmony. A millisecond of her image zoomed by: A look of pure fright, then shot with lustful pleasure—her insinuating moans intoxicated and begged him to go even further—even in all his anger and frustration—an unrelenting fury at her words, \"We're doing nothing wrong!\" \"NO! No, darling. We're doing EVERYTHING wrong—You. Filthy woman. \" How his view of people like her had changed— He had gone to the extreme to understand a whore, by becoming one on his own. Bradley would never admit it outright: He had become just as filthy by the end of his senior year in high school. A bit reluctant to taste another man's flesh… the voices of his mind stopped to a familiar sound hanging nearby. His hands messed up trying to fold a dress shirt for the fifth time as he tried to block out a stream of images from going into full focus—rather they shifted into the fresh memories of the locker room and the pool— That silhouette against the rays of the sun. \"Let's not, Bradley. Get back to folding clothes.\" A kid sat in a corner of the hallway, knees to his chest, holding onto a book for dear life. The young man lowered a brow and shook his head, barely noticing how much his whole frame was shaking— \"I really should have brought a drag!\" A hand touched his shoulder. He had to stop himself from jolting upright— \"Are you okay, sweetie?\" Ms. Marpole sat on the couch, next to his pile of laundered clothes and linen. She had a warm smile on her face, as usual. Her presence calmed him down just a bit, \"I'm fine!\" he breathed, \"Just getting a little antsy, that's all!\" \"Is it about your father?\" \"Yeah!\" eager to change the channel in his odd mind, \"Him.\" trying to keep his lid shut. \"I'm sorry Goofy brought him up. Is he still, rather strict?\" Sylvia didn't know much, but she took notice of each male's reaction whenever the other was brought up in a conversation. It was far different from the Goof's usual spiel. \"I hate him.\" Now feeding his father, Alphonse, the spoonful of poison, \"He never listens to me. He never takes me seriously. He doesn't understand me!\" Newfound energy sped the folding, a bit sloppy as he tossed the linen on the designated pile, \"I mess up, he gets angry. I try my best, he doesn't care! When I succeed— Nothing! \" Sylvia's brows knit in concern, same as before, \"Have you ever tried to figure out why— \"He'll never tell me. Ever. All he'll ever do to 'help' is compare me to other guys saying, now that's a man! He's not a coward. He's a good man. Respectful. Why can't you be more like him? Look at the friends you're making leading you down the path of unrighteousness!\" The features on his face took on a dangerous expression. Brows furrowed; glaring at nothing through cold fire. The folding stopped. Now, he was just chuckling to himself, \"He was right!\" Sylvia had never seen him this tense before, \"Bradley,\" reaching for his hand— \"Let's go out. Take a walk. Put on a jacket. It's cold outside— \"uh,\" making little sense his current actions. Speedwalking to the coat hanger just next to the front door, he donned his trench coat before throwing her jacket over the clothes— \"Wait, Bradley, let me change— \"I don't care what you look like, inside or out. Let's go. \" It was a command to follow. The librarian, less relaxed and more confused than usual, put on her down-feather jacket and paced over to the entrance, slipping on some boots for the trek. The young man borrowed an umbrella from a hook, just in case, \"I'm sorry, Ms. Marpole. Is there a little store or gas station nearby?\" keeping his gushing emotions under control. \"Wh—What for?\" bit hesitant as to not provoke him further, \"I need a smoke.\" Grinning, rather sheepishly. \"Bradley!\" The woman gawked at him in disbelief as he placed caring hand on her petite shoulder, \"Ms. Sylvia Marpole, dear.\" Being taller, he leaned down and pecked her cheek as a loving son would to his mother, \"There's a lot you don't know about me.\" Not that I'll ever tell. Brad had to start back on Square 1, having to deal with a cigarette's bitter, tarred taste. Ugh. This shit is disgusting! Time and time again, Maxie's mind wandered to Bradley's infatuation with the librarian. Or at least he considered it one. He just hoped that when he and his dad reached home, they weren't off in the bedroom, hidden away in each other—A split second revealed an expression of the woman's face, and he felt himself go red. \"Max?\" \"Huh? Oh—\" prodding at his cheeks, \"it's cold..\" He suddenly remembered the King's Harem. Bradley's offer of the Store Girl to him. In all shock, he had run out of the Gamma House, looking back only when the bulge in his jeans had settled down… Then his jock friend ended up having her to himself— \"a virgin!\" Roxanne wasn't. \"Don't you want to marry this 'Roxanne' you mentioned in the locker room?\" He wanted to marry her regardless. Then she left. She had flown away, and dropped— Goofy wrapped an arm around his shoulder, in the middle of the supermarket parking lot. The fog had risen, and a bright yellow sun did nothing to control the freezing temperatures. \"Not here, Dad. It's embarrassing.\" Max wriggled away from his grasp and let his father's hand mind the shopping cart loaded with groceries. The kid's brain was somewhere else the entire time, finding what they needed on their list. Any terms of endearment were brushed off with indifference. Max hadn't forgotten the \"joke\" that Brad told him while he was handcuffed to the desk, either. If anything, the months spent with the senior and the musings of his corrupted conscience left him with an insatiable sex drive, now poking through with bizarre attractions. And a bit paranoid. He knew Goofy never meant any harm. It was a wonder how he was even born! Max was sure that his mother was treated with utmost respect— \"Agh— \"What's the matter, Max?\" The boy ignored the question and placed the paper bags in the open trunk, \"I should've brought gloves,\" blowing into his bare palms, rubbing them together and feigning the chills, \"My hands are about to fall off, heh heh!\" Goofy scratched at his egg-shaped head, \"I was gonna ask you about that earlier.\" \"Just wanted to try something different, that's all. Is that it, Dad? Can we go home now?\" \"You're really itchin' to hang out with Mr. Uppercrust, aren't you? We still have other places to go to, son.\" He put the car into ignition, \"I'm still surprised how you two became friends so fast, from heated rivals to best buddies— \"I wouldn't say best buds.\" Making a slightly humored face, \"Peej is my right hand man, remember? We're not pals. We might have some things in common, but…\" He pursed his lips together, afraid that he had said too much… \".. Dad. He'll never be a friend like PJ or Bobby.\" slouching down in his seat and casting his eyes down. Shaky sigh, \"Don't think that we haven't argued—most of the time—He's different.\" Goofy didn't know what to say, pulling out of the space, and easing the car into the main street ahead. It was hard to maintain eye level, \"I wish,\" not thinking it through, \"I could change.\" \"Change what?\" Now as an afterthought, \"Him.\" When they reached home, the sun was setting early again. The boy blew out a draft of hot air into the orange-violet sky. The curtains of the front of the house were drawn. A warm light shone through the white lace. Quiet voices could be heard from the living room. Loaded with the day's baggage, Goofy motioned to his son to take the keys and unlock the door. He used a knee to balance his own weight with other errands— It opened with a creak, panel opening slowly. \"don't think he'll ever change, 'Auntie'. He's so mean to me.\" Goof Boy held his breath in between a sudden gasp. \"He's your father, Bradley. He raised you. No matter what he's done, you have to forgive him.\" \"But what if— Sylvia peered up at the two trudging in with the groceries and gave a sad smile. Her hand rested in Mr. Uppercrust's hair. It was far too late to avoid being seen by his comrade, so he lied still. \"Why don't you help them with the other bags in the car, sweetie?\" \"Okay,\" failing to conceal reddening cheeks. \"You weren't kidding.\" \"No. I'm still a kid, I guess.\" \"You really are.\" The males had little to no time being alone in the same room, or outside while raking leaves together. A kiss was stolen here and there, halfheartedly. Bradley even confessed how much he longed for intimate contact once they got back to that dreadful campus, \"I know it's not right, Max, but I can't help it. If it's not you then it'll be another, and another!\" \"I don't care if you're with others. I never cared! We can, I dunno…\" shagging hair in quiet anxiety, \"get out of that campus altogether— \"You're crazy.\" Lying next to each other in Max's bedroom guaranteed nothing. But by now their seas of raging hormones had ebbed, for the time being. Bradley rubbed at his eyes, unable to fall asleep just yet, \"I can't believe she's marrying your dad!\" \"Sorry you have to lose your 'auntie'.\" \"I wouldn't care if she did marry—Your dad had a wife, \"She died.\" \"And why did he go off and see other women?\" \"Until Death do us part,\" quoting a marriage vow. \"My dad isn't like your dad.\" The senior turned over in his cushion of blankets and hissed, \"How'd you figure?\" \"I assume that your dad was the whore, not your mother.\" Max laughed aloud before tearing his eyes away from the ceiling, \"Like Father, like Son I guess!\" Seething, \"I'm nothing like him! He's got his own reasons, different from my own!\" \"Chill, roomie.\" The kid plopped down next to him and took ebony fingers under the silk top, hoping for a favorable reaction, \"Max.\" \"Hm?\" caressing a firm nipple before letting his palm stroke down the jock's abdomen, to which he shuddered and broke into a cold sweat—\"Max!\" \"Toss that thing aside,\" grabbing the head of the stuffed animal hidden in Bradley's arm, \"and let's have some fun.\" \"W—what kind?\" holding onto it despite his tugging. The kid growled, \"My kind.\" The farthest they could go was topless. Brad wouldn't shut up, \"Please, Maximilian. Not here! Not here! \" \"Why not?\" Taking a deep breath of oxygen before going into his mouth again, \"Dammit Brad—we can take this to the shower and they won't tell the difference! We'll wash everything away when we're done.\" \"But they'll hear us!\" \"Turn on the fan; keep quiet, and they won't.\" The Uppercrust kid shook his head, \" No. \" trying his best to stop blushing, feverish. He promptly reached for the pajama and slipped it on before burying himself under the covers. He caught sight of the teddy, peeking out, and kissed its face before hiding away. Maximilian rolled his eyes and grated his teeth, \" Fine. Be that way.\" Putting his tank top back on, \"I thought you could channel that anger into us.\" \"I'm not angry anymore.\" Voice muffled by the thick comforter, \"I'm scared..\" \"Little boy.\" A familiar scent wafted through, comforting him, lulling him to submission. He let his sense of smell guide him through a maze of beads and tapestries. The walls shone with gold dust adorning cedar wood. One word echoed through and through. His name. It was soft, sweet, angelic. The boy passed yet another bottle of expensive wine. He licked his lips and finally got a hold of one, and a nearby glass on a lavishly decorated table, laden with delicious fruits and spices. Reds, violets, honey, velvet. Rich, warm colors of various shades and hues... Another smell invaded his ongoing search. He threw out opium incense burning on its stand before taking a sip of the bloodied liquid, \"Ah!\" Swirling the wine again, \"What are you doing? You can't drink that!\" Ruby orbs shone, \"And, why not?\" Light blue flickered, \"Because! You know how I get with that!\" \"Then you're a terrible drinker. Anything done in excess is a bad thing… But,\" smirking, \"there's nothing wrong with drinking once in a while. Smoking once in a while—Having some fun once in a while!\" The Other Half winked before finishing the glass. It shattered on the wall. \"She's close. I can feel it.\" \"Who?\" Giving the other a deadpan look, \"You're suffering from short term memory loss, kid!\" He took a gentleman's hold on the boy's waist and ran a tongue across pursed lips, \"come on.\" Max resisted His sweet kisses and cleanings of his neck and shoulder blade… \"Follow me, love.\" holding the boy's hand with supreme gentleness and dodging the obstacles in their twisted path. Everything looked the same all around. It was a kaleidoscope; Goof couldn't tell his right from his left… Heads were beginning to spin until his angel spoke, \"We're here, my dear Maximilian.\" \"Hi, Max.\" Brightest sapphire was fixated above glittering gold chains as a part of her crown. The precious metal hung in a thin veil over her umber orbs, rich chocolate with a sparkling center. Roxanne lounged around on pillows of many sizes, in all comfort. Silk enveloped her curvaceous body, the part hanging from her shoulders exhibited quite a bit of skin. She took her delicate fingers and parted the dress at her hips. The long side cut of the fabric revealed her creamy legs… The Other Half pushed the boy forward, \"What do you think?\" \"What do I think?!\" Max couldn't understand how He regained all control over his emotions in so little time. His breathing came at odd intervals. Beads of sweat rolled down his neck, forehead—temples pulsating. Something about all this— \"This isn't—!\" \"What's the matter, Max?\" Rising from her resting place, she strode gracefully to him and ran a hand through his raven hair, \"Are you okay?\" \"No! I'm not okay!\" This is not Roxanne! The girl placed a finger on his lips, \"ssshh..\" closing in the space between their mouths. Max couldn't breathe. Her scent was overpowering, \"haa.. ha—Ahh, R—Roxanne.\" For lack of a better name to give her. This Lady in Red. The dress lowered even more at the bare shoulders. The top part of her breast was exposed, \"oops.\" A nudge teased the kid's shoulder, \" This is the way things are supposed to be, Maxie. This is normal for a young man like you!\" Young man? With little control, he let his exposed arms wrap around her. She cooed, and did not resist… Strange things spilled from the boy's mouth in a different tongue. He ran a hand forever through her fiery locks, dark and tight. Before he knew it, her dress was opened, round hills exposed. She twisted herself around his torso and led him down to lie over her. \"Max. Do you love me?\" She seemed so innocent. So childish, in all her elegance. Soft fingers felt her smooth skin… \"Yes. I love you.\" They shared a passionate kiss. All tongue. Max had now taken a predator's stance, feeling her up and down as far as his joints and muscles would let him. Her warmth was all he wanted— All he longed for—! This… Roxanne! This is all WRONG.[Chapter 4] The morning was cloudless, bright. Still cold. Like the day before, the sophomore had woken up early to yet another nightmare. Only this time he had forgotten what it was. Some tune played over and over in his head. Powerline. This nostalgia trip within the din of regaining focus, lasting for only a couple of minutes, brought a genuine smile, void of malice… And like before, the excitement was too much. He had to wake up. For a second his conscience was clear: This was not the girl he adored from afar. She wasn't the girl who ended up being just as shy as he was. Roxanne was pure… Was. Max shuffled to the living room, a bit groggy. He had to block his eyes from the pouring sunlight through the window. His dad sat in the armchair reading the Sunday newspaper in his blue robe, not noticing that he had come up behind him, \"Boo.\" Goofy was even more startled when he received a tight hug, \"huh!\" \"Morning, Dad.\" A gloved hand touched the side of his face, \"Morning, Son.\" It was rare when Max asked for affection. Especially when he had a guest in the house. A boy stirred in forced sleep under the comforter, still protecting that scrap of childhood in his arms… He wanted to keep on dreaming. Yet he knew that his reality was inevitable; Bradley had to wake up again but he didn't want to leave the garden, the courtyard. Flowers of all shapes and sizes… Hiding behind the trunk of a tree and poking through to see his mother in her Sunday best. Flowing hair under a wide brimmed hat. Ribbons swam through the air with every step she took, \"Bradley. Where are you, honey?\" A boy giggled and kept still. The orbs were lighter, blue as the sky. Her snow white dress drifted past the tree— \"Mama!\" tugging at the light cotton. \"There you are!\" He beamed and hugged her leg, \"I love you, Mama!\" The older Bradley sat on a stone bench nearby, watching his mother lift him up with her thin, graceful arms and over her head, \"Little angel of mine!\" The child pretended to fly, and swooped down on her shoulder, embracing her neck, \"I love you.\" Kissing his chestnut hair, \"I love you too.\" \"And I love you both.\" Alphonse leaned against the arch of roses, a good distance away. His usual business suit was replaced by a polo shirt, sienna brown with dark grey accents. Never the type to wear denim, he rather wore formal tan khakis, held on by a black belt and its simple, gold-plated buckle. Brown loafers clipped their way to his wife and son. His usual serious demeanor always softened when hazel met emerald glass, \"Lillian.\" \"Hello, dear,\" having to crane her neck up to reach his lips. He towered over her in height and age. Alphonse removed the hat and let his beloved hold it in her fair skinned hand. Little Bradley was in between their show of affection for one another, smiling, \"Daddy.\" Holding out his arms. Alphonse laughed and carried him high, spinning him around, \"Ahh! No, Daddy!\" failing to stop his giggling in all that thrill. Lillian played along, \"No honey! He might fly away!\" Imitating a scream. \"I..\" Heavy eyelids opened to darkness, inside the cave walls of his thick blanket, \"oh.\" Brad's hair was a tousled mess. He took forever to adjust his focus. He nearly coughed trying to fill up on lost air, sitting up in his makeshift bed. He sighed, and rubbed his temples, \"ohh..\" The young man twisted his neck and realized that his friend wasn't there again. \"Dad?\" \"Yes, Maxie?\" \"Remember that crazy summer?\" \"It's hard to forget!\" His son grimaced within his embrace. Both were reminiscing on better times. Those times when the only responsibilities were getting good grades, making friends, and having a blast in his own little world. Goofy had his arm resting on the side of the couch. The Sunday paper collected dust on the coffee table nearby. Their long talk was altogether sobering, despite their occasional laughs and \"Ahyucks!\" during their review of zany antics. Max questioned further, \"Remember you mentioning something about the electric chair… my principal told you..?\" \"He said you were dressed up like a gang member, but then you explained it— \"Yeah.. Hey. What if—?\" As usual, Goofy was all floppy ears, \"What if I was a gang member? Shooting and killing.\" His father blinked and furrowed a brow, \"Would you still l—catching himself—\"look at me as your son?\" \"Always, and forever.\" The aging father's tone was somber. Goofy didn't understand why he would ask such a question, \"Although,\" \" Huh? \" The child in Max was breaking through, \"Although what?\" \"It wouldn't be right for you to go around doing that. I'll love you no matter what. But I would want you to change.\" Max felt a need to turn his eyes away before biting his lip. That's what I'm afraid of. \"You're not doing anything bad, are you, Son?\" He told himself he wasn't going to start shedding tears. He looked back at his Goof for a father and lifted a corner of his lip, \"No. I'm just glad that you'd… love me, no matter what. The kid buried himself into his father's shoulder and swallowed yet another bit of phlegm, \"Dad, I—\" \"There, there, Son, it's okay.\" Holding him close, \"No one's watching.\" In that respect, the Goof was wrong. Bradley made sure not to make a sound, walking back up to his friend's room. He found the stuffed bear and lay in the other bed, facing the wall it was backed up against. The senior's heart sank to a point where crying was useless. He kept there, motionless… Where is she? Another echo of his younger self, Where's Mama? … \"Never mention her again.\" The years of a wasted life passed by. He kept on asking the same question over and over again. If he wasn't asking, he'd blatantly refer to her, Lillian, just to spite his father. The Uppercrust kid used to love his father. Looked up to him… And like everyone else… \"He betrayed me. I did nothing wrong.\" He wished he could drift off to a better place, where everything made sense. Where everything had gone right. Where.. The click of the door made him stiff. \"Bradley? What are you doing in my bed?\" \"… what does it look like I'm doing?\" \"Lying in my bed.\" \"Exactly,\" he responded bitterly. \"I'm sorry.\" Bradley still had his back to him, \"for what?\" Goof Boy wiped another tear away, \"Everything.\" Both still hadn't changed from their sleepwear. The senior got up and planted his feet on the floor, sitting the teddy up in his lap. Max's face was stained with red. A pathetic, disheveled state. The boy walked to his compromised friend, and dropped to his knees, \"I can't.\" \"Max.\" Another child sighed as the black canine wrapped himself around the waist, \"Angel.\" I can't. \"I can't do this to him, Bradley.\" How long will this lie last? \"You know that I want this just as much as you do.\" I'm not so sure, Maximilian. \"Don't. Don't cry, kid.\" Bradley kissed his hair and ran hesitant fingers through damp keratin… Not as a lover, but the father he wanted to have. Water rolling down his eyes, light blue gone three shades darker, this kid nodded and began to chuckle, \"This is fuckin' embarrassing.\" \"Yeah. It is.\" Wind suddenly rushed through their being. They picked up speed. They were that close to flying. Gravity and their current reality brought them back down to earth again. It was an amazing high, being together this way, feeling so close! In a way they could never reach on their own. The downhill slope, as steep as it was, soon touched level ground. Now all they had to do was get back up again, in hopes they wouldn't slip and fall. All over again. Wheels turned on their side and scuffed the pavement. They didn't even bother to put on helmets. \"What now?\" \"I'll show you the sights around town. You're gonna have to come up with a different name \"Jonathan Brisby!\" as if it were his cue on stage. \"Uh.. That, was quick.\" The day was considerably warmer. A light breeze touched their faces as they picked up the skateboards. Max wore a thick, white cotton shirt over a thin, blue sweater. The boy went back to wearing his satin gloves and stone blue denim. Brad had packed a red letterman jacket and vintage 80s jeans, Levi's. And, for the hell of it, Nike shoes. Windchimes knocked at each other a distance away. An airplane soared overhead. Not a puff in the sky. The rays of the sun comforted him, despite the yellowing of the leaves marking the oncoming winter season. A season where everyone was expected to be jolly and carefree. \"He's had a hard time, Goofy. One is only a product of the life they've led. Alphonse loves his son. I'm sure. Same goes with Bradley, otherwise he wouldn't have been so… troubled, yesterday.\" \"Troubled?\" \"I've never seen him like that before. I'm worried.\" Both man and his fiancé were spread out on a wide hammock, also enjoying this favorable weather. Or at least trying to. Goofy was just as concerned about his own son as she was of her \"nephew\". It was strange. Hard, believing the fact that these two, as different as they were, could be friends. After what Max had said… \"When I decided to quit the Gammas, Mr. Uppercrust— \"Bradley.\" \"He didn't want me to leave. Now that I think about it, him and Max were practically enemies… I overheard them. They cheated at the X-Games. They were cheating all along.\" Sylvia would have been more surprised if she didn't spend time with him yesterday, \"What do you mean, all along?\" Eyes fixated on rusty leaves, \"He wasn't the type to.\" \"A bit two-faced, if you ask me.\" \"What about now , dear?\" brows slightly knit over green. A straw colored wool sleeve wrapped around her neck, holding her close, \"I'm still not sure. Max told me— \"they don't get along so well. They fight all the time… Yet they seem content now, being here.\" \"For how long? It's about time they got back… I don't want anything to happen to my boy.\" The Goof sounded so helpless—\"I know he's not a kid anymore. He needs to learn to handle things on his own now, but he's still my son. Besides you, he's all I have.\" Bradley's \"aunt\" kept on staring at the canopy for about a minute before her eyelids drooped, letting salt roll down her complexion. Not what I expected. Not from you. You're rotten to the core. You're simply a coward. Stop wearing that mask. It's damaged. Let me see who you really are… Little boy. Why are you frightened? … Stop defending him, Maximilian. I have a clear shot at this. \"You have class tomorrow, don't you?\" \"Yeah. We should be heading back today… at the most, around 5 or 6…\" Max and Bradley, alias Jonathan, had left their boards in the Lincoln's trunk before taking their stroll. The sophomore suggested that they ride in the car in order to check out the whole city. The other refused, \"Waste of gas\" Apart from that, not much communication would go through with him behind the wheel. It was a relief knowing that the ESPN and other sports buffs were glued to the screen in the confines of their homes to even notice the captain of Team 99 hanging out with the notorious King of the Gammas. Max assumed that others wouldn't even recognize him outside of that televised sphere… More than once had the kid thought of holding his hand, in broad daylight even. He'd seen others do it on campus, now and again... They didn't care what other people said of them… Even though it was wrong. He couldn't say sinful. There was no one out there that could help him. Bigger than him. If a God had existed, Roxanne, his one and only angel, wouldn't have fallen into the hands of that scum. Max wouldn't have gotten himself into the situation that he was in. If this \"God\" existed, then why did everything in his life go wrong? Why had it all become a living nightmare—the walk with his strange companion was only an interlude to what he'd have to face in the near future. He peered up at Bradley's face from his slouch. There was something serene in his features. A piano must have been playing in his head; a corner of his dry lip lifted itself. \"We were here yesterday, Ms. Marpole and I.\" taking a sip of a coffee well under the name-brand radar. It made him comfortable, not worrying about appearances in this secluded local café and diner, awash with deep tones of sepia and mahogany. These two were settled in a cushioned booth in the far corner of the space. During his tour of suburbia and the town, Max had taken note of the little insignificant things that impressed this slightly hyper (and bit demented) young man. It still took him a pinch in his own arm to remind himself he wasn't the more stable of the two, either. The black dog resisted the urge to kick him in the shins or play footsie under the table. He would never admit that he too was a child, try as he might. A hand went up in his face, \"Hello!\" \"Hi.\" \"Why're whispering? What we can't talk in public anymore is that it?\" A complexion kept going red even as a fresh blonde waitress asked them for another round. \"I'd love some, thanks.\" As gentlemanly as the self-acclaimed poet could be, before shooting her a wink, catching her by surprise. Steam of the black liquid rising in the air accentuated the girl's dead stare, where a smile would usually be plastered over. The jock cringed, and looked after her as she strode back into the kitchen, nose high in the air. \"They play hard-to-get outside of campus do they? Figures; they got parents watching over them.\" Another plain observation before letting that piano play again. The sophomore kept on chewing the sides of his tongue, throat empty of anything clever or funny to say; that same problem he'd face if he were on a date with Roxanne. \"Man, I hate this,\" the satin fingers scratching at the back of his head before gulping down a frosty version of a cappuccino with a light cream and drizzled caramel. Bradley scoffed, feeling sorry, \"I thought we were a couple of men, not sissies!\" sticking his tongue out, then sobering himself up as the bell of the door clanged to another family: A mom, dad, and a bunch of kids. The boy suddenly covered his ears, waiting for chaos to be screamed out at the top of their lungs. The senior looked at him quizzically and glanced over his shoulder. These kids were oddly well-behaved, apart from the occasional joyous and curious outbursts. The oldest of the siblings kept watch over their activity with a sternness to her being. The same waitress led them to a sterile table and started up the same façade as usual. Genuine respect was given to her in return… But no matter. \"Max, can we go now? Bring that with you. It's getting late.\" A twenty dollar bill was placed next to the salt and pepper shakers. Their quality time was just about to run out. Blades of grass and branches with descending leaves felt a cool breeze; a bright orange over everything— \"Check out that sunset!\" elated Goof motioned him over, \"I want to show you something— \"Can I hold your hand, Maxie?\" giggling like an idiot \"What—no! I mean—I\" receiving a friendly slap on the back—\"Just kidding!\" It touched an old bruise, \"owow! Quit it!\" \"Make me,\" poking at his forehead and a couple more bruises in immature wonder. Sad knowing that the other kid lived on a short fuse; Bradley's collar was pulled to where their chests heaved against each other in deepening breaths. This time, the white dog made no counterattack. Not an inch of resistance… The ill-tempered boy was shifty-eyed, trying to make sense of this lack of reaction… Something in him was desperate for a fight. \"Why are you smiling? And…\" Dry lips went wet with salty dew, and let him have a taste. \"Brad—\" returning the kiss ferociously; hands couldn't go anywhere but to his own sides, \"Oh, Bradley!\" A sudden chill went down Max's spine; he didn't dare look around to see if anyone on this planet was staring at them. He wanted this isolation forever... However, his friend thought otherwise— \"Hey,\" breaking contact while leaving his tears to flow freely, \"what did you want to show me?\" Max grinned and guided him to the very top of the hill, overlooking its steep slope to a sandy bank below… beyond that— \"Wow.\" As if he'd never seen a large body of water in his life. Reddened eyes shone in the sun's rays—\"Ha ha!\" Incisors gleamed, and a hyperactive pulse tripped the kid up and sent him sprawling down— \"Ack!— Daaaamiiit Braaad! \" The way down was quite painful, being taken off guard. Once reaching level, the boy tried to regain focus of spinning skies when a shriek of pure delight came charging down, rolling at full speed—\"look ou— oof! \" \" Brad! \" He felt himself pinned down by the tightest of hugs, \"Get off! Get—you got grass stains all over you! You—choking me!\" \" I don't care! Aw Max I'm so glad you're my friend!\" shagging his raven hair \"Max?\" The young man choked on a giggle, forcing himself back into a somber state to match the other, \"Something wrong?\" Wind blew harder, urging for the boy to speak, \"Yeah. I, um\" a tinge of color pecked his cheeks, \"It's funny, really. I keep on thinking of— \"Roxanne.\" Bradley ran a hand through his wild hair as he sat up. Brushing pieces of dirt and green off the letterman jacket, he looked off into the far distance, sun setting lower and over the horizon, \"You, really miss her, don't you?\" \"I do.\" \"I miss my mother.\" Slight grimace. These two were always a set up for conversational disaster… But maybe, today, it was different, \"How long have you known her?\" It would be their only chance. Max kept still, lying on both the edge of the sand and the green, hands behind his aching neck. Lips pursed, unpursed, never ceasing to bite the sides of his tongue. Throat gagged to give an answer—\"Long enough.\" \"What do you mean—\"long enough. High school. Freshman year. Talked to her sophomore year.\" \"Admired from afar, you little rascal?\" Bradley hoped his buddy was ticklish; a glare stopped the action, \"sorry.\" Both let out withering sighs. A twist in his gut caused tanned fingers to reach into his leather pocket. The lighter made another appearance—but this was one of those plastic ones from the liquor store. \"That's a cool design, the phoenix, right?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Can I try?\" The senior shook his head and illuminated the tip. Carbon monoxide fumes carried away by the breeze of a red-orange canvas. Little pinpricks of light decorated a lavender crown, rare diamonds. The kid just stared at his ex-enemy's leisurely smoke, eager to calm his senses in just the same way, \"Please, Bradley?\" \"It's not good for you.\" Blowing out paper thin snakes \"Then why—?\" \"Are you going to tell me your love story or not?\" It was his turn to leer upon him. It only took a piercing of his dark blue irises to realize who was the elder of the two. Max swallowed phlegm, still lying on the ground, \"Roxanne.\" Not wanting to throw up, \"She was everything to me.\" \"I'm listening.\" \"I did everything to get her attention. But, I was so… shy.\" The jock burst into laughter, \"That don't surprise me!\" The dog blushed and let out a faint smile, \"You remember Powerline—I mean—ever heard of him?\" \"Are you kiddin' me?! That's Old School!\" Baby blues lit up— \"What's your fave tune?!\" \"You gonna sing for me?\" \"No!\" rolling his eyes and giggling like a nerd, \"I performed 'Stand Out' in front of the whole school just for her, dressed up like him and dancing away—I had the guys help me out too—she loved it!\" Brad suddenly remembered why he admired this kid so much. And envied him, from their very first encounter. Max led such an exciting life, having indulged in his vital stages of childhood—of innocence. Everything about this kid, despite all of the abuse he was capable of inflicting, was what Bradley wished he could have been—what he could have had! The bitter aftertaste of the cigarette cemented him to reality. \"Lucky bastard\" muttering under his breath. \"… I got caught by Principal Mazur, though. He told my dad that I was some gang member, as if I were really a danger to his 'perfect' little world.\" To this, Max sneered, \"When I was a kid, I got into a lot of trouble… Mazur, fuckin' idiot, told my Goof of a father that I belonged in the electric chair.\" He finally sat up and attempted to swipe the little white box under the dog's nose, \"Ah ah ah!\" wagging a finger in front of him, \"keep on talking—we're in another psych session.\" \"What do I have to pay you with? My body?\" The Marlboro was well beyond his reach, \"Give it!\" \"That's not important! Keep on talking!\" The kid couldn't understand why Brad was angry all of a sudden, his voice an octave higher— \"What else is there to tell you?!\" finding himself laid upon the senior's physique, \"I was a delinquent just like you said—I'm not perfect. So I got mad at my old man once or twice in my life— \"There's something you're not telling me.\" \"Wha—\" grating his teeth. \"I need to know why you have such a bad attitude.\" \"Like yours? \" Brows still furrowed. Tongue in cheek, Bradley let his eyes wander to the swinging branches overhead, the blanket of lavender becoming wider and wider… the leaves glowed red. The weight upon him shifted and settled to his side, waiting for an answer… \"Well, part of it; stupid people, I guess.. you?\" By now, the hothead had cooled down, \"No shit; people are everywhere. It's the same thing with me.\" \"Bullies?\" \"Yep.\" \"Anything else? Something having to do with Roxanne?\" He had no intention to let her name disappear from their world's existence. Both fell silent for about five minutes, only sounds were the whistling wind and the chafing of the foliage above them. A low sloshing of waves glistened with the last of the sun's light… The darkened sky engulfed them. Not a cloud in the sky. The jock puffed some more and tapped the clinging ashes off the tip, careful not to have them fly straight into his friend's eye. \"Well?\" \"Tell me about your mother. Her name , at least.\" Brad took in a deep, deep draft of nicotine, now feeling he should rather drown in these toxins before giving him any information… But if Maximilian would treat him the same way as before— \"Lillian.\" Smoke was released through both his dry mouth and nostrils in the breath of a dying man, \"Her name was Lillian. My mother… 'Mama'.\" Goof Boy bit his lip; he didn't know what to say now. His mind traveled somewhere else… \"She was beautiful. I'm not attracted to her in that way—the other let out a cough through cancer-free lungs—\"Sun kissed, red hair. Flowing keratin…\" A redhead… \"Emerald, jade eyes\" Deep umber in her orbs, that cute little mole underneath her gaze… \"Always cheerful, kind, lo— \"Loving? You loved her; you know what it is, what it feels like? Can you tell me what true love is?\" It sounded like an accusation for a crime not committed— \"Max—do me a favor and lay off the subject, and get off of me!\" He was forced into the cool grass once again, \"I don't want to talk about her anymore!\" \"How'd she die, Brad?\" \"I don't know how she died! I don't know anything!\" Straining his voice as the atmosphere began to take advantage of his health, \"Wh—What about Roxanne? She's not that much of a problem to you, is she?\" The sophomore held back a snarl. \" She didn't die, right? She's still alive! I don't see why anyone would get so worked up— obsessed over some girl not of your own flesh and blood like this! Now I can see why she left you: You're insane!\" So sure of himself, the spastic jock was. Gloves tried to throttle him—Max was suddenly livid— You wouldn't understand! I'll NEVER tell you! Thin fingers joined forces and pried his neck free from the assault—\"Here we go again, huh?!\" he croaked. Within the shade of the evening, Bradley saw teeth bared, and a glint of a familiar creature in darkened orbs. Goof took deep breaths and counted seconds in his splitting mind, \"There, are—worse things, than Death, friend. \" The mask of 'Jonathan' forced out a chink of porcelain under intense pressure. Bradley did not want to dig into his past any further, \"I… I'm, sorry.\" Still short of air, and now— \"I'm cold. Hold me?\" arms spread wide, tears welling up in his eyes from the shock of the possibility— I'm so sorry. The dominant male felt the best method of torture now was to not grant his wish, but then cracked at the first sob, \"Bradley, 'Jonathan Brisby', Uppercrust the Third—you fuckin' idiot! I hate you! But I love you! I want you to be mine , forever!\" So sorry… \"That won't happen, ever,\" weeping and chest heaving from internal suffering, \"You out of everyone should understand that I don't confuse— \" Shut up! Just shut up! \" They never wanted to let go, freezing over in the desperate embrace. Sharp and searing nightmares flowed through dark, pitiful souls. Ashes of the white twig mounted to the other end, blown out of its red glow… We're not ready. And… never… will be. Keys jangled with each tiny step. More anxious than relieved to be heading back to college, Bradley found himself checking the contents of his trunk for the fifth time, \"You sure you got everything?\" I wouldn't mind staying for another night. \"Yeah, Brad!\" calling from the living room, front door wide open. 'Brad' twitched an eye. Goofy exited the house and walked to his side, \"Pleasure getting to know you a little more, Mr. Uppercrust.\" \"Mr. Goof.\" Firm handshake, business savvy, \"I'm honored knowing that you let me in after all I've done—I really appreciate it.\" \"Not a problem, honey.\" Bradley took a step back from the librarian in question; she had snuck up on him, \"Anyone can change for the better! Oh—wrapping arms around his shoulders and giving a small kiss on his cheek, \"I'm going to miss you, sweetie.\" The senior was rather stunned, peering over at Goofy's candid smile. You told her? The old dog nodded. \"Oh hun, you have grass stains all over you. Better wash them off when you get home!\" Not 'home'… Bradley couldn't hide his embarrassment, even as she pulled away, \"Despite your differences, please stay good friends,\" palm resting on the side of his face, \"I understand it's hard for someone like you…\" Max received his last hugs and goodbyes, \"You take care of yourself, son... You're becoming a fine young man.\" A boost of self-confidence was doused out by the pain he never felt whenever he left his father behind—his own flesh and blood… \"Thanks, Dad. Love you.\" Those last two words went unscripted in the tumult of his brain; it caused his old man to wipe away a watery bead, \"Call when you get there— \"So that you know I'm safe. I will, Dad. Sylvia—thanks for everything.\" The keys clinked some more before a clearing of a sore throat, \"Let's go, 'dude'.\" The boy chuckled at Bradley's choice of words before settling into the passenger's seat. The car ignited and backed out into the empty street. Blue-violet sky looming overhead, Max waved his last goodbye and caught a glimpse of his dad kissing the petite librarian dead on the lips. Bradley must have spied on them in his rearview mirror, \"Angel— \"Yes, 'Jonathan'?\" \"That one, we shared on the hillside…\" Thin fingers gripped cool satin; right arm and hand beginning to shake with the rest of him, voice almost calloused—It made the Goof uneasy, and unprepared for what he was about to say, \"Let's try to make it our last.\" Like grapes cut off from the vine. This was not what he wanted, nor expected… but kept his sorry mouth shut to keep the peace. \"I need you… to actually help me from now on, beautiful angel of mine…\" The conflicted athlete couldn't even look at him in the face. So scared of what the response would be— … Max still couldn't believe in the existence of a God. ","Summary":" Only now was it becoming clear that the Other Half was not what Max had believed it to be: a friend"},{"Movie":"Another Cinderella Story","Title":"A Twist in the Tale","Author":"scottsman","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11228545","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Twist in the Tale AN: I am a fan of folktales and other classic stories I'm all ways interested in adaptations of fairy tales and so forth. So I decided to take A Cinderella story: once upon a song and try writing my own twist in the tale. So here goes. Please review (I own nothing but the OCs) Chapter 1 Everything was failing apart. Katie had thought to change her life by slipping her demo into Guy Morgan's briefcase, but her witch of a stepmother had sabotaged that and was now blackmailing Katie into helping Bev get the recording contract that she had wanted and dreamed of. She had been so tempted to Expose Bev at the Gala but she was afraid that Gail would make good on her threat to ruin Angela's life. Now Bev was getting a recording contract with Kensington records and she already had Luke. She had tried to pull herself out of this mess. Angela had convinced her to tell Luke the truth. She tried but that didn't work either. \"Katie I can't believe that you could be so petty and jealous,\" Luke had said, \"Bev has a chance to live her dream and you're being a Jerk and trying to take that away from her, how dare you!\" His words cut her more deeply than he knew. She had spent the rest of that evening in the guest house crying her eyes out. That was almost two weeks ago. Angela had been trying to convince her that she had to get up, pull herself together and get over Luke. It was early evening and Katie was in the Guesthouse lying on her bed having her afternoon cry. Wiping her eyes she pulled out her picture of her father and began to talk to it. \"Daddy,\" she said, \"When am I going to find my happiness? I don't think I can find it while I'm under Gail's thumb, how do I stop her and protect Ang at the same time?\" Before s he could continue her one-sided conversation she heard another voice. It was a familiar voice, but it wasn't Gail's, Bev's, Ravi's or Victor's. Ravi was off making a commercial, Victor was at a friend's house and Gail and Bev attending a dinner party at Guy Morgan's place. \"Could it be Luke's,\" She thought, excitement growing. \"Hello,\" the voice Called again from the front of the main house, \"Avalon Messenger service, is anybody home?\" \"No it wasn't Luke,\" thought Katie deflating again, \"Luke had a tenor voice, this voice was Baritone.\" Whomever this guy was he had a pleasant, warm Baritone voice she'd give him that much. She rounded the corner of the house and came face to face with a handsome, blue eyed, six -footer in a bright red shirt and blue jeans smiling at her from underneath a mop of unruly dark brown hair. He was holding a manila envelope on top of a small clip board. \"Hi, Katie,\" he said, \"I have a delivery that needs to be signed for.\" Now Katie put the face with the voice. This was the Messenger boy Jason. He lived nearby and besides meeting him from time to time at the grocery store, Gail was always ordering one thing or another and so Jason was routinely showing up every few days. He was here so often that they knew each other by name. Sometimes she felt envious of Jason. He got to leave this place and he acted like he didn't have a care in the world. She never saw him without a smile on his face and twinkle in his eyes. When she moved closer to sign for the package the expression on Jason's face did changed to one of concern. He had noticed the red puffiness around her eyes. \"Katie,\" he said quietly, \"You've been crying, what's wrong?\" \"It's nothing,\" said quietly. \"I don't want to spoil your day.\" \"Katie,\" said Jason his eyes twinkling again, \"You could never spoil my day besides you look like you could use a friend.\" Katie took a deep breath. Jason's kind words and genuine concern were getting to her. Before she knew it her words came spilling out. \"There was this guy, Luke, that I really liked and I thought he like me, but when I tried to warn him that my stepmother Gail and stepsister Beverly were tricking him he basically called me a jealous jerk.\" It had all come out in one breath. She waited to see what his reaction would be. She was sure that he hadn't expected her to unload like that. \"Well for whatever my opinion is worth to you,\" said Jason, \"I think this guy Luke is the jerk and what's more he's really going to feel like one when the truth about your stepmother and stepsister comes out.\" \"Thanks Jason,\" she said, \"I really needed to hear that.\" \"Say,\" said Jason, \"I think what you need is to get out or here for a while. How about I take you to a fun little place I know for some Pizza, music, games, dancing and whatever else you want to do?\" Katie's first impulse was to say no but then she remember Angela telling her to pull herself together and forget Luke. seeing Katie's hesitation, Jason feared he may have jumped the gun. \"I'm sorry,\" he started, \"I've overstepped_,\" \"No, no, no,\" interrupted Katie, \"You didn't, I'd like to go!\" the smile returned to Jason's face \"Great,\" he said, \"this was my last delivery, but, I have to go back to the office and clock out. I'll be back as soon as I clean up and pick up my car. A girl as pretty as you are deserves to be driven around in something fancier than my dirt bike.\" At this Katie blushed a little and felt the first genuine smile she had felt in a long time appearing on her face. \"Okay,\" she said, \"I'll be waiting.\" Jason turned around and practically ran for his dirt bike that was parked at the curb. Jumping on he waved one more time and sped off up the road. About an hour later Katie was standing outside the front door of the main house in a black dress and boots. She almost dropped her teeth when Jason came around the corner driving a bright red Ferrari 458 Spider! Jason pulled up at the curve hopped out and opened the door for her. \"Milady,\" he said with a bow, \"your chariot awaits.\" Katie climbed into the passenger seat and Jason gently shut the door. Then he hurried around hopped into the driver's seat and they took off. They were barely around the corner when Katie blurted out the question that was on her mind. \"You work for the Avalon Messenger service, right?\" \"Right.\" Answered Jason a smile teased at the corner of his lips as he already suspected what she wanted to ask him. \"You make minimum wage at that job, right?\" she said fishing for the right words. \"Right again,\" said Jason calmly, \"So?\" \"So you didn't need to rent a Ferrari just to impress me!\" she said, \"This must have cost you your life savings.\" Jason chuckled. \"Believe it or not, Katie,\" he said, \"I didn't rent this Ferrari. It's mine.\" \"How?\" she said \"My paternal grandfather Jameson is quite wealthy. He's also a doting grandfather,\" said Jason, \"When I turned sixteen and got my license, my folks asked Grandpa to pick out a car for me. When it comes to picking out presents for me he gets a little carried away, Hence the Ferrari.\" \"Wow,\" said Katie, running her hand along the dash, \"that's what I call doting!\" \"Yeah,\" laughed Jason, \"I was actually more surprised that my folks let me keep it, that I was that grandpa bought it for me.\" Katie changed the subject. \"Where are you taking me exactly?\" she asked \"There's a little teen hang out down town it what used to be the basement of the old freight warehouse. They call it The Cave. You can get great pizza and pasta, as well as the best frozen yogurt in the state. You'll have fifteen flavors to choose from and the toppings are free!\" \"Sounds great.\" Said Katie. A few minutes later they were there. When they walked in Katie was hit with tantalizing aroma of pizza baking. You had to go down a concrete ramp or the elevator and through the double doors to get to the cave. Once you were inside it was obvious why they called it The Cave. The walls were designed and painting to look like rocks from the dome shape ceiling hung several stalactites just for effect. The most sought after tables and booths surround the dance floor. The kitchen was off to one side behind the seating area. And there was a glass door to another room which Katie guessed from the flashing lights and occasion cussing she heard was the game room. On the opposite end of the dance floor was a stage where a live band consisting of two boys and girl were playing. The girl was playing the bass guitar and the boys were playing drums and lead guitar. Katie and Jason sat down at their table just as the band finished a set and went on their break as the DJ took over. They were looking at their menus trying to make up their minds, when all of a sudden they were interrupted by a loud overly dramatic gasp. \"I don't believe it,\" said one of the boys to the other band members, as they approached \"Jason actually brought what appears to be a girl!\" \"Wonders never cease!\" said the other boy The girl who was a shorter curly haired blonde. Feigned sniffling and said \"Our little boy has grown up.\" Jason rolled his eyes. \"All right knock it off, you three good time charlies.\" He snapped trying to sound upset but failing miserably. He turned to Katie. \"Katie,\" he said, \"This three are Josh, James and Jodi the Cushing triplets. Their father Peter owns the place. The four of us have known each other since before we could walk.\" \"Hi, I'm Katie,\" said Katie, \"I like your music, you guys have a great sound!\" \"Thanks,\" said Jodi, \"Hey what do you guys want to eat? I tell the cook myself. \"I'll have the personal pan pizza,\" said Katie, \"With pepperoni.\" \"All right,\" said Jodi she turned to Jason, \"the usual for you.\" Jason nodded as he handed her his menu.\" \"What's the usual?\" Asked Katie \"A personal pan Pizza with tomatoes, sausage, and peppers, and a plate the grilled tomato Linguine with plenty of breadsticks on the side.\" Answered Jason Katie raised an eyebrow. \"What, I'm a growing boy?\" grinned Jason. At this Katie burst out laughing. A few minutes sooner than Katie expected their food arrived. It was absolutely delicious thought Katie the best Italian food she'd had in ages. The found out the Grilled tomato linguine was good too after convincing Jason to let her sample a forkful. She made a mental note to get some herself the next time she was able to come here. Right in the middle of the meal they suddenly heard Violin music. Jason and Katie turned to See the triplets dressed as gypsies. Jodi was playing the violin, Josh the guitar, and James the concertina. \"Oh no,\" Jason face palmed as they started singing Bella Note from Lady and the Tramp. Jason turned and made a grabbed for one of the seat cushions on a nearby wooden chair. Turning he threw it the direction of the twins who amid fits of laughter and giggles were running for the kitchen door. Katie could barely control her own giggles as tried to sound serious, \"Now Jason,\" she mock scolded, \"They're only trying to help.\" Jason rolled his eyes and started to laugh himself. \"Yeah,\" he chuckled, \"about as subtly as a train wreck!\" About the time that their meal ended the band started playing a slow song. \"Would you like to dance?\" asked Jason \"I'd love to.\" Said Katie He led her onto the dance floor. He put his hands on her hips and she rested her hands on his shoulders. They had just settled in to swaying to the music, when suddenly Katie tensed and stopped short. In the door had walked Luke and Bev. About the time she saw them they saw her. The scowl on Bev's face was normal. But there was strange look on Luke's face it seemed to waver between surprise, awkwardness, and something else that Katie couldn't quite make out. \"Well,\" she thought, \"Either Bev and Luke will completely ignore me or this whole evening is about to blow up in my face!\" TO BE CONTINUED… AN: Well that's the first chapter, such as it is, Let me know what you think. Is the story worth continuing? Do you have any plot idea's? anything you want to ask, say or suggest? I am very open mind. Please Review[Chapter 2] A Twist in the Tale 2 Chapter 2 Jason, who had felt Katie tense up, turned to see what she was looking at. When he saw Bev and Luke he leaned over to Katie and whispered, \"Is that the guy you were telling me about?\" Katie nodded. Bev stalked over to Katie. \"What are you doing here?\" she snapped. Jason put a protective arm around Katie's waist and spoke before she could. \"She's eating, dancing and having a good time.\" he said, \"By the way I'm Jason, her Date. \"This is my Date, Luke Morgan,\" said Bev emphasizing the 'my' to deliberately needle Katie. Instead Katie just sniffed. \"You can have him, Bev,\" she snapped. She laid her head on Jason's shoulder, \"Why would I want jerky when I can have steak.\" Luke's jaw hit the floor. At his Jason plastered a smirk on his face and spoke up. \"And you can have her, Luke Morgan,\" he said pointing to Bev, \"Why would I want a flamingo when I've already got a tiger! Now, if you'll excuse us I'm going to get my date a Fro-yo.\" Without waiting for an answer he and Katie walked away. Jason guided her over to the Frozen Yogurt machines Leaving Bev standing there with her mouth hanging open. \"Luke,\" she snapped, \"are you just going to stand there and let him talk about your girlfriend like that!?\" Bev turned as she said this and wasn't very happy to find that instead of being angry, Luke was biting his lip and trying not to laugh. Bev simply harrumphed, grabbed Luke and dragged him to a nearby table. A few seconds later, cups of frozen yogurt in their hands, Jason and Katie were standing at the toping counter. Jason had chocolate and black raspberry and he was topping it with chocolate sprinkles. Katie had strawberry and white chocolate swirl topped with rainbow sprinkles. Katie started back to their table while Jason grabbed some extra napkins. She was almost back to the table when Bev was suddenly in front of her. \"I don't know what you're up to,\" she whispered threateningly, \"But remember Angela's future depends on you.\" Bev gave an evil smirk. Katie was about to say something, when Bev looked up and suddenly retreated to her table. \"What was that all about?\" said Jason Katie gave a start and turned to see Jason standing behind her. \"How much did you hear?\" asked Katie, \"Only something about someone named Angela and the future.\" Replied Jason he looked over at the table where Bev and Luke were sitting wished he could be close enough to hear what they were saying. Instead he and Katie went back to their table. A few seconds after they sat down a look of realization came on his face. \"There's more to the story you told me this morning isn't there.\" Katie took a deep breath and nodded. Then she lowered her voice. \"There is more to the story, but do you mind if we talked about it later and not here?\" Jason nodded. They ate the rest of their frozen yogurt in silence. When they were finally finished they stood up, Jason left money for the bill, and they began to move toward the door. Bev was watching them like a hawk, and so was Luke. He couldn't figure out why but for some reason seeing Katie with that other guy just rubbed him the wrong way! When they started for the door Bev jumped up. \"That girl is up to something and I'm going to find out what!\" she hissed at Luke. Luke got up and followed along not wanting to let Katie and what's-his-name, out of his sight. Jason saw them in the large mirror that was on the wall by the doorway. Just as he saw them following, he also saw Jodi coming back from the rest room. he caught her by the arm and whispered in her ear. \"Do you see the two behind us the blonde guy and the girl in the spaghetti strap dress?\" he said. Jodi nodded \"Slow them down, will you? I can't explain everything now, but I don't want them to see which way we went when we left here.\" \"Leave it to me,\" said Jodi. She turned and went running back to the bathroom, seconds later she slipped out the door with something hidden under her shirt. Bev and Luke came through the double doors just in time to see the elevator doors closing with Jason and Katie inside. \"Come on,\" said Bev, \"We'll take the stair case it's quicker than the ramp.\" They rushed through the doorway and started up the stairs, when their feet slid out from under them. They tumbled back down the stairs and landed in a heap at the bottom. Jodi sat in the space under the metal staircase watching the whole scene with sadistic glee. Next to her on the floor was the object she had smuggled out of the bathroom. It was a bottle of liquid soap! The tumble down the stairs had landed Bev and Luke right in a pool of the stuff that Jodi had made on the floor. Now every time they tried to stand up their feet would go out from under them. They looked like a couple of fresh caught fish flopping around. The Soap escaped did the trick and bought Jason and Katie more than enough time to make their getaway. Jason drove up the mountain to a little know overlook called the eagle's nest. He pulled into the overlook and stopped the car. \"I think this is probably as safe a place as any to talk.\" He said, \"I assume you didn't want to take back at the cave for fear of being overheard.\" Katie nodded, took a deep breath and began her story. \"Bev is my stepsister, her mother Gail Van Ravensway is my stepmother. I'm basically little more than a servant at home. A few weeks ago I tried to help myself by hiding a demo of mine in Guy Morgan's briefcase. He's the head of Kensington Records. He liked it and he called to tell me so. The problem was that my stepmother intercepted that phone call and told Guy that the demo was Bev's and that I stole it!\" \"So why don't you just go to Guy and tell him the truth if he needs proof all you've got to do is sing to him.\" replied Jason. \"Do you remember what you overheard between me and Bev at the Cave tonight?\" asked Katie Jason nodded. \"Gail is the headmistress of the Wellesley academy of the arts and told me that if I didn't sing for Bev, she'd make sure that Angela was expelled and would never get a chance to go to Julliard! She also said that I'd never get the money my Dad left me when he died.\" \"She can't get away with that!\" exclaimed Jason his eye flashing anger. \"It looks like she's going to,\" said Katie with a sigh, \"Bev's debut album comes out in two weeks. It looks like my stepmother has successfully ripped off school funds and stolen my voice and my inheritance. While I'm stuck doing all the work Bev gets the credit, and rave reviews from Guy, Luke, and the fan magazines!\" Jason was silent for several seconds. Katie could almost see the wheels turning his mind. Suddenly he got an idea. He looked at his watch and picked his cell phone. \"What are you doing?\" asked Katie \"Commencing Operation Revenge,\" he answered right before the other end of the call was picked up. \"Hi grandpa,\" he said, \"I need to borrow one of your record companies.\" \"One of your record companies,\" Katie mouthed to herself \"Vortex Records,\" said Jason, \"Great, thanks, Grandpa.\" Jason hung up. But before Katie could ask him what he was doing. He dialed another call. \"Hi Josh,\" he said, \"Round up your brother and sister and meet me over at Vortex Records and bring your instruments. I'll explain when you get there.\" He hung up again. \"It's all set,\" he said starting the car. \"What's all set?\" asked Katie. Jason Grinned \"Get out your songbook, Katie,\" he said, \"We're recording your debut album tonight!\" TO BE CONTINUED… AN thanks for the reviews and the follows keep them coming. I appreciate them very much. Hit the ole review button please and drop me a line or two or three or however much you want to write.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 When the triplets arrived at the studio Jason and Katie were there waiting for them. Jason filled them in on Katie's story. Immediately the twins were more than ready to help. After Katie signed the Contract that Jason drew up. They set up their instruments and ran over the songs. Finally they were ready to record. Jason and Eddie the sound guy sat down in the booth Eddie pressed a button and nodded to Jason who gave the triplets the high sign and the music began. Katie took a step toward the microphone and began to sing. She was about halfway through the first verse of \"Make you Believe\" when suddenly the door was thrown and in burst the over-zealous night-watchmen, Burt. \"What's going on here, who are you I could have you arrested for breaking and entering?!\" he roared. Jason stepped into the sound booth's doorway. \"Burt.\" He said quietly. \"Just a minute, Mister Steele,\" he said and turned to continue his tirade. Then he stopped short, and turned back around. \"Oh hi Mister Steele,\" he said becoming the nervous essence of politeness, \"oh these are your friends I didn't know, I'm sure everything is okay here!\" Jason rolled his eyes \"Burt, apologize and get out.\" Said Jason \"Yes, right, sorry,\" stammered Burt hurrying out the door he and so unceremoniously come through. \"Alright,\" chuckled Jason, \"now where were we before we were so rudely interrupted.\" They reset and started over this time the song and rest of the album went off without at hitch. It was about 8:30 p.m when they finally finished the CD. As the group came walking out of the studio, Jodi stretched her wiry frame and turned to Jason. \"Hey Jason,\" she said, \"I think we could all use a little relaxing why don't we all go up to your grandfathers place and have a little moonlight swim!?\" \"A swim, this time of year!?\" Said Katie Jason laughed, \"Granddad has an indoor pool.\" \"Oh I see,\" said Katie \"Yeah,\" said Josh, \"and after we swim we can really relax in the Jacuzzi.\" It didn't take long for everybody to agree with the idea, only to have Katie stop short a split second later. \"I don't have a swimsuit with me!\" she exclaimed \"Don't worry,\" said Jodi with a wave of her hand, \"We have to swing by home and drop off the instruments, I'll get one of mine for you. I've got three.\" \"Great,\" said Jason, \"it's settled, let's go.\" A little while later they were coming through the gate and up the hill toward the Steel estate the size of the steel house was impressive but at the same time warm and inviting something not every large house could pull off. Almost before she knew Katie was in the swimsuit that Jodi loaned her and she and her new friends were making their way toward the pool house. Suddenly Jason stopped at the window. \"Uh Oh,\" said Jason \"What is it?\" said Katie. As she and others stopped in their tracks \"Our would-be Chaperones Frick and Frack are back,\" said Jason nodding toward the window. Katie peered out the window and by the light of the security lamp outside she could just make out Bev and Luke in the bushes. \"Oh great,\" said Katie, \"How did they find us?\" \"Must have spotted us coming through town and followed us,\" said James Katie was about to reply when she looked over and saw Jason's feature widen into a Cheshire cat grin. \"Brilliant idea,\" said Jodi \"You haven't heard it yet.\" Said Jason \"Doesn't matter,\" said Josh, \"whenever you grin like that you're just about to be brilliant.\" Jason smiled and turned to Katie, \"Would you be up to messing with their heads a little bit?\" he said \"Sure,\" said Katie, \"How?!\" Jason called everyone into a huddle and outlined his plan. A few minutes later the group walked into the pool house. the girls were wearing cover ups and to all outward appearances the girls were dressed in their swimsuits. When they got inside the pool house, they started talking in louder voices to make sure that there erstwhile audience could hear. \"Ahh,\" said Katie, \"this is what I call relaxing.\" \"I can't argue with you,\" said Jason Bev and Luke heard the water being splashed around. After a few minutes Jodi spoke up, \"You know what,\" she said, \"I feel like being a little crazy.\" There was the sound of her stepping up out of the water a split second later Katie exclaimed. \"Jodi, What are you doing!?\" Just then Bev and Luke saw both the tops and bottoms of a two piece bathing suit being hung on the rack by the window. Luke's eyes nearly popped out of his head and Bev's mouth dropped open. \"Haven't you ever heard of skinny dipping?\" said Jodi with a grin in her voice, \"hey Katie, I double dog dare you to join me! Or are you afraid to show off a little.\" Luke rolled his eyes and smirked. \"There was no way in the world that Katie would ever do something like that,\" the voice in his mind was saying. The voice of reason in Luke's mind was interrupted by Katie's voice. \"Afraid,\" she was saying, \"I'll show you!\" A second or two later both pieces of another bikini bounced off the window. \"There,\" said Katie, \"you still think I'm afraid!?\" \"Wow!\" said Jason in voice filled with Awe. \"You, said it.\" said Josh and James in unison \"I think they approve,\" giggled Jodi Bev was looking dumbfounded and Luke was about to tear the bush he was hiding behind in half. Inside Jason and the others were all still fully dressed and stifling their giggles as they stood on either side of the window. Josh and James were wet as they had been providing the sound effects for their little trick. \"How do they look,\" Jodi whispered to Jason, \"Did they buy it?\" \"Oh yeah,\" Jason replied, \" Bev's jaw is on the floor and Luke looks like he's about to rip that bush he's behind out of the ground roots and all. all they need is one more push and they'll go over the edge.\" Katie gave and evil grin and walked over right next to the window \"One more little push coming right up.\" She said Aloud she said in a coy tone of voice. \"Hey, Jason, why don't you come over here and swim with me?\" TO BE CONTINUED… Please Review AN: sorry about the wait but I wasn't satisfied with this chapter at first.[Chapter 4] A Twist in the Tale 4 Chapter 4 Katie had made sure to make her coy invitation just loud enough for Luke and Bev to hear it. That one last little push worked like a charm. Luke Jumped and came running for the pool house door. They exploded through the door just in time to trip over a couple of well placed feet and go sprawling headlong into the Jacuzzi. The drenched duo clambered to their feet in the Jacuzzi spitting out water to the sound of laughter. Luke turned and rubbed water out of his eyes when his vision cleared he saw Katie standing there fully dressed in a swimsuit and wrap. \"Katie you're-dressed?\" he sputtered. \"You tricked us!\" Thundered Bev, trying to keep her soggy bangs out of her eyes. \"Easily,\" replied Katie, \"We knew you were out there the whole time!\" \"But the bathing suits in the window.\" Sputtered Luke as he and Bev fumbled their way out of the Jacuzzi. \"It's called owning more than one bathing suit, brain boy,\" quipped Jody \"Now,\" said Jason, taking a more serious expression. \"You two peeping Toms have exactly 3 minutes to get off my grandfather's property before I have you arrested for trespassing.\" \"I can't go out looking like this!\" said Bev \"I would be better than having to explain to your mother and Luke's father why his son and Kensington's newest recording artist are sitting in jail.\" Bev was about to say something when Luke grabbed her arm and starting pulling her toward the door. \"Come on Bev,\" he said, \"For once let's quit while we're ahead.\" As soon as Bev and Luke were gone the friends went back to laughing at how well their scam had worked and how silly Bev and Luke had looked doing a double belly flop in the Jacuzzi. After they had settled into Jacuzzi Katie had a thought. \"Hey Jason,\" she said, \"Would it be okay if I called my friend Angela and invited her over?\" \"Sure,\" said Jason, he turned toward the intercom, \"I'll ask grandpa to send the car over for her.\" Ang settled into the Jacuzzi next to Katie. She and Katie and Jody were all sitting in the hot tub watching the boys at the other end of the pool jumping off the diving board. Ang leaned over to Katie. \"If I had known your delivery boy was that hot I'd have hung out at your place more often!\" \"Not so loud he'll hear you!\" hissed Katie \"Hear what,\" called Jason, as he stepped up onto the diving board. \"Nothing,\" said Katie quickly \"Yeah,\" said Jody, \"They're just hot f_,\" before Jody could finish her sentence two hands simultaneously clamped over her mouth. Jason scratched his head looking puzzled, then he shrugged it off and dove off the end of the diving board. When they finally let Jody have her mouth back she changed the subject, a little. \"Jason's a great guy, Katie, You're lucky to have him.\" She said \"I don't have him,\" said Katie, \"Not like going steady or anything. He was just a nice guy who has managed to get me out of the house and keep me from feeling sorry for myself all day. I don't even know why he has taken the trouble to do all that he has for me.\" \"Because,\" said Jody, \"That's just the kind of guy he is.\" \"I'm not looking for anything serious right now,\" said Katie, \"as Jason and I told you earlier at the studio, after the way that Luke Morgan hurt me I'm just not ready to fall for anyone again. Besides what if things changed with Luke and I end up liking him again. How am I supposed to choose between them.\" \"Well, Katie,\" said Jody, \"The best advice that I can think of is, that if you do end up having to choose between them don't listen to Jason, Luke, Me , or anybody else; listen to yourself, because you're the only one who can really make that decision. It should be fully your choice and no one elses.\" It was about ten o clock when Katie's friends finally dropped her off in front of her house. When she walked into her room she found Gail there waiting for her. \"Katie!\" she thundered, \"Would you care to tell me why Bev and Luke back up back to Guy Morgan's place soaking wet?!\" \"Did she?\" said Katie, it took all of her self control not to laugh or ever crack a smile at the mental image of Bev and Luke dripping on Guy's floor.\" \"Don't play dumb!\" Gail raged, \"Bev told me that it was you and your new friends that got them wet. That you pushed them into the Jacuzzi at your date's house!\" \"I had a date, yes!\" snapped Katie getting angry, \"Went to The Cave, had a bite to eat then Bev and a Luke showed up. A little while later when we left, they followed and spent the rest of the time until you saw them spying on us. All we did was give them what they deserved!\" That did it. Gail snapped she drew back a hand and swung to slap Katie across the face. Almost before Katie could react, Gail's hand was stopped mid-swing by another hand. It was Jason and the triplets were with him. While Jason held Gail's wrist immobile Jodi walked up to her and held her fist up in Gail's face. \"Lady,\" she said in a low threatening voice, \"listen and listen good because I am only going to say this once. If you ever try to hit her again I will shove these five knuckles up the entire length of your nasal cavity, Capish?!\" Gail nodded fear in her eyes. \"Good,\" said Jody, \"Jason give her, her arm back.\" Jason let Gail go and she fled out the door.\" The friends turned to Katie, \"Are you okay,\" asked Jason walking over to her \"Yeah,\" said Katie, \"Thanks. That's the first time she's ever tried to hit me. Usually it's just verbal abuse and dirty tricks.\" \"Well we came back because you left your phone in my car,\" said Jason, \"but after what I just saw there is no way that I am letting you stay here.\" He turned to Jody \"Help Katie pack her things,\" he said, \"We're moving her into the best guest room in my grandfather's house!\" Meanwhile… Luke sat in his room, staring out the window as he absent minded finished drying his hair. thoughts tumbled through his head like clothes in a dryer. Ever since he had seen Katie with that other guy he had felt weird, but he didn't understand why. All of a sudden it hit him like a ton of bricks, he was jealous! \"No no,\" he thought, shaking his head , \"Why would I be jealous? I mean yeah I suppose Katie is pretty with her long dark hair, deep dark eyes, and a smile that lights up her whole face, still I'm not attracted to her. I can't be. Bev is the one with the voice that I'm Crazy about.\" Still Luke couldn't deny that Bev had shown a bit of a vindictive side to herself in the way that she had twisted the truth about what happened at the Steele place when they got back to his place. \" And you just sat there like a knot head, and let her twist things around.\" He mentally berated himself. Like slid under the covers laid his head on his pillow and side. All this thinking had just left him more confused. TO BE CONTINUED…. AN: thanks for all the reviews and favorites I'm glad you like the story. So far though I haven't been able to decide who Katie should ultimately end up with. My OC Jason Steele or Luke as in the movie. I decided I'd asked for my readers opinion, maybe it' will help me make up my own mind. Until next time thanks again and leave a review let me know what you think![Chapter 5] A Twist in the Tale 5 Chapter 5 Guy Morgan walked into the conference room of the Kensington Records headquarters, and sat down at the head of the table. On his right side was Gail Van Ravensway and on his left side was his son Luke and Bev. Bev yawned, it was only seven o clock in the morning and Gail had dragged her out of bed at four thirty so they could make to this morning meeting on time. not only were they on time thanks to Gail they were an hour early. Gail was on cloud nine. The CD was complete and she could hardly wait for those royalties to start rolling in. \"It's all systems go, As it were,\" said Guy, \"As I said before Bev's voice sounds like money. I have no doubt that when it comes out tomorrow that it will fly off the shelves.\" The words were barely out of Guys mouth when his phone rang. He answered. \"Ah Peter,\" he said, \"Calling to tell me the first shipment of albums is ready_,\" Guy was obviously interrupted and then his smile disappeared. \"What!?\" he thundered, \"Well can it be fixed!?\" Guy deflated \"Alright, I understand.\" He hung up the phone \"What's wrong, Dad?\" asked Luke \"That was the recording studio,\" said Guy, \"Apparently they just discovered that one of the microphones was messed up when you recorded the last track of the album and all they can here is music and no vocals. Bev is going to have to rerecord that last track.\" \"Oh well that's no problem,\" said Gail \"Okay,\" said Guy, \"This afternoon after her last class is over.\" \"Fine good Great,\" said Gail, she jumped and practically dragged Bev from the room. When Gail got home she went straight to Katie's room in the gardener's house. she found to her shock that Katie's clothes were gone and didn't look like her bed had been slept in all night. The she remember the confrontation with Katie and her friends last night. \"That's it,\" she said to herself,\" they must have taken her with them.\" \"Well I'll show them,\" she pulled out her phone and called up her lawyers Farnsworth and Hayes. Meanwhile at the Steele estate… Jason, his parents Elliot and Amy, Katie and Jason's grandfather Jameson Steele where all out on the patio, sitting down to a breakfast of Scrambled eggs, biscuits, Fried potatoes , sausage, Bacon and fruit, when Jason's phone rang. It was Jodi. \"Jason,\" she said, \"I just wanted to give you a heads up, Katie's stepmother Gail just showed up at the cave while my brothers and I were practicing for tonight. she had her daughter and a couple of flaky looking lawyers with her. She was looking for Katie and swearing that she take you to courts to get her back. They're on their way to your grandfather's place. \"I'm not surprised,\" said Jason, \"She knows her daughter's singing career goes down the drain if she does have Katie to sing for her. But, don't worry, let her come. We've got lawyers too and she's going to find out that taking us to court isn't as smart as she thinks it is. Grandpa has had a private investigator shadowing Gail since last night.\" \"Gail's causing trouble, isn't she?\" said Katie worriedly when Jason hung up \"Yeah, she's on her way here.\" said Jason, \"She willing to do anything to get you back so she can save her daughters singing career.\" Katie suddenly didn't feel like eating she stood up from the table and walked over to the railing that surround the patio. \"But if she drag's you into court you won't have a leg to stand on, she is my legal guardian.\" Said Katie sounding scared, \"and she could even try to charge you with kidnapping! And she won't stop with you. To punish me she'll ruin Angela's life.\" Jason stood up from the table, walked over to Katie and pulled her into a hug. Then he smiled at her. \"Do you trust me Katie?\" he asked \"Yes,\" said Katie, \"But I'm just worried about Angela. Gail's tearing everything apart again.\" \"I know, it seems that way\" said Jason, \"But trust me. I actually know exactly what I'm doing and Gail's not as smart as she thinks she is.\" Katie's fear began to be replaced with a realization. \"You've expected Gail to do exactly what she's doing now_,\" \"Ever since that night in the car at the Eagle's nest,\" finished Jason, \"Last night when Gail tried to hit you she actually helped my plan along.\" \"How did she help you?!\" asked Katie \"She saved me from having to think up an excuse to move you into the Estate.\" Replied Jason \"How does my moving in here help your plan?\" \"From the start, Katie it has been my plan to maneuver this whole affair into court. I knew that if I could come up with a way to take you away from Gail she would go half crazy trying to get you back and most logical move she would make would be to lawyer up and take us to court. The CD is not only so you get the career and credit you're talent deserves, but also as evidence in court that will put Gail and her cronies on their back foot.\" Just then Jason was interrupted buy the sound of cars coming up the driveway. \"I can't explain anymore right now, because here they come. Just trust me everything will become clear soon enough,\" Jason whispered pecking her cheek . He took her hand and led her back to the table just as they sat down and started eating Gail and her Lawyers came blasting through the hedge through the wrought iron gate and onto the patio. \"I'm here for my stepdaughter,\" Gail Snapped, \"Katie get you're things we're leaving.\" \"She's staying where she is,\" snapped Jameson Steele, \"and you can take a long walk off a short cliff.\" At this Jason snickered and Katie bit her lip to keep from laughing. \"Nice Grandpa,\" said Jason, \"Very nice.\" Jason turned to Gail and a plastered a defiant smirk on his face. \"There's the way out, Gail\" he snapped pointing back the way she had come, \"And don't let the gate hit you in the butt.\" Gail flew into a rage. \"Farnsworth,\" she snapped at the gaunt bespectacled man standing beside her. \"serve them the papers we'll see them in court! We'll see how cocky they are when they facing charges of kidnapping.\" Farnsworth stepped forward and began to hand the papers to Jameson and Jason. Elliot tapped him on the shoulder. \"Mr. Farnsworth,\" he said, \"I'm Elliot Steele of the firm of Mason and Steele, I'll take that.\" TWO DAYS LATER… Jason, Katie, Josh, James, Jodi, Angela, the Morgan's, the Van Ravensways, and the rest of the Steele Clan were all down at the county courthouse in the court room of Judge Michael Hawkins Gail had somehow manipulated Guy into having his high priced lawyers represent her in the case. She had dressed down from her usual flashy attire and had taken on the persona of a teary eyed step mother, who just wanted her darling step daughter back home. Finally Gail's lawyer was done making his case. Gail was sitting there with a triumphant look on her face as the judge asked Jason's father if he had a defense to present. Before he could answer Jason switched on the IPhone that he had under his coat and it started blaring I'll Make you Believe in Me.\" \"What is that?\" snapped the judge, \"Young man turn that off.\" Gail jumped up indignant. \"Your honor,\" she said, \"I want add the charge of theft to the other charges. This boy has stolen a copy of my daughter's single that hasn't even been released yet!\" \"I didn't steal this,\" said Jason, \"and I can prove that I haven't been anywhere near the Kensington Record studio in a month. \"you liar!\" snapped Gail \"He's not the liar, You are,\" snapped Katie jumping to her feet. \"Yeah,\" said Ang, \"None of us would be here if you and Bev hadn't stolen from Katie in the first place!\" The court room promptly erupted in a near free for all. The Judge wrapped his gavel loudly on his desk. \"QUIET!\" he roared loud enough to get everybody's attention, \"One more outburst like that and I'll find you all in contempt!\" Jason, who had never lost his laid back demeanor, spoke. \"May I explain your honor?\" \"Well somebody better!\" snapped the judge dropping back into the seat from which he had half risen and all but throwing his gavel back into his desk. Jason stepped through the gate from the gallery and walked to the center of the court room. \"Your Honor,\" he said, \"This all started about two and a half weeks ago. My friend Katie here, besides being beautiful, is a very, very talented singer. Unfortunately Katie was treated little better than a servant at home. All this started when Katie tried to use her talent to make her life better. She slip her demo into Guy Morgan's bag, when he came to enroll his son at the Wellesley academy of the arts where Gail Van Ravensway just happens to be the headmistress. Well Guy apparently liked what he heard and called Katie to tell her so. However about this time Katie's stepbrother Victor chose to play another one of his stupid pranks on her. He locked her out of the house so when Guy called Gail the stepmother intercepted the phone call and told guy a bald-faced lie that the Demo was Bev's and that Katie stole it.\" Jason paused and turned to look at Guy and Luke Morgan who were looking shocked. \"Yeah, That's right, Luke, Katie was telling you the truth and you weren't smart enough to believer her.\" Luke turned red and sank down as far as he could in his chair. Guy had face palmed and was looking sick. \"That's not all your honor.\" Said Jason, \"Gail also threatened Katie and told her if she refused to sing for Bev not only would Katie not get the inheritance that her father left her but she would also throw Katie's best friend out of school so she couldn't get into the Julliard. Angela herself is here and is prepared to testify to witnessing and overhearing these's threats the night of the school Gala. Last but not least, Your honor, My grandfather hired a private eye to investigate Gail and has brought us documentary proof that Gail Van Ravensway has been dipping her sticky fingers in the school till to the tune of about five thousand dollars that we know of and has been misappropriating these funds for her own personal use.\" Jason picked up the PI report and laid it on the judge's desk. He also laid the master CD of Katie's album on the desk. \"This album, Your Honor was made in Vortex Records recording studio by Contracted recording artist Katie Gibbs and there are half a dozen of us who are prepared to testify to that. If you check it alongside Beverly Van Ravensway's supposed album I'm sure an audio analysis will prove that it's the same person singing on both CD's. Several tense seconds passed in silence after Jason finished speaking. The judge read the Private eyes report in silence. Finally he looked up. \"Miss Van Ravensway this evidence is pretty conclusive, have you anything to say for yourself?\" \"Well- I- that is- I,\" stammered Gail \"Yeah that's about what I figured you'd say,\" replied the Judge, he squared his shoulders and spoke in an authoritative voice, \"This court hereby awards temporary Guardianship of Katie Gibbs to The Steele family and orders that Gail Van Ravensway be taken into custody until we get this mess sorted out! Court adjourned.\" As Jason and Katie walked down the hallway outside headed for the door, over the noise of Gail's loud protestations, they heard running footsteps behind them. Turning around Katie found that it was Luke running after them. \"Katie, wait please!\" he said, \"I'm sorry I was such a Jerk to you. Please, will you give me another chance?!\" TO BE CONCLUDED… AN: Well there is the next to last Chapter. What do you think Katie should do? Is Luke really in love with her or just her voice? Should Katie give Luke another Chance? Tell me what you thinkor what you'd like to see in the final chapter. Leave a Review . Thanks![Chapter 6] Chapter 6 Katie was a little taken aback by Luke. She quickly recovered herself. She stood there looking at him with an incredulous look on her face. \"I'm sorry I didn't listen to you,\" said Luke, \"I've been Jealous ever since I first saw you with Jason and now know why. You're the one that has the voice I fell for.\" Katie shook her head and laughed a little sardonically. She turned and whispered something to Jason. He nodded and walked off down the hallway toward the front doors. \"So, let me get this straight,\" said Katie, \"You've dumped Bev now and you want another chance to be my boyfriend!?\" Luke nodded hopefully. \"It's true that I really liked you Luke, but you took off after Bev when you thought she was the voice on the Demo and the one who wrote her own lyrics,\" said Katie, letting herself get a little mad \"and when I tried to tell you the truth you blew me off. You basically called me a jealous jerk!\" \"I know,\" said Luke, \"I messed up but I know the truth now, I can get you the contract that you wanted with my father!\" \"That's just it, Luke,\" she replied, \"You're not really in love with me, you don't even know me, you're in love with a voice, that's not the same as loving a person.\" \"What about Jason,\" said Luke, \"You say that I'm just in love with your voice how do you know that he's not?!\" \"Jason was a friend when I needed one,\" snapped Katie, He had never even heard me sing before asking me out or getting me the contract with Vortex records. He believed me when I needed to be believed!\" Luke stood there unable to think of anything to say. \"The answer is no Luke you're not getting another chance from me, I don't want a boyfriend you gets so wrapped up in a talent that he can't see the person.\" With that Katie turned and walked off down the hall. When she got outside she found Jason half sitting-half leaning against the waist high stone wall that bordered the landing at the top of the stone steps in front of the Courthouse. \"Are you ready to go?\" he said straightening up \"Aren't you going to ask me what happened?\" said Katie \"I figured if it was any of my business, you'd tell me.\" Jason replied matter- of- factly. Katie pursed her lips in an almost pout. \"After all of this do you mean that it wouldn't bother you one bit if I had started dating Luke again?!\" \"Of course it would bother me Katie,\" said Jason, \"I still think that Luke is missing a few brain cells, but I care enough about you that I want you to be happy even if it means someone else instead of me.\" Jason turned and had just reached the top of the stairs when Katie grabbed his arm spinning him around to face. Jason looked surprised and a bit confused by her actions. \"If, you, won't; I will,\" she said. Before Jason could ask what she was talking about, her lips were against his. When she pulled away Jason let out the breath he had been holding and tugged at the collar of his shirt. \"Wow,\" he said. He instinctively took a step back and promptly tumbled end over end down the stairs. He landed flat on his back. \"Jason,\" cried Katie hurrying down the steps, to where he was sitting up \"Are you okay?!\" \"Yeah,\" said Jason, sounding as sheepish as the look on his face, \"but would you mind not kissing me at the top of any more staircases; you have detrimental effect on my ability to stay on my feet.\" \"No promises,\" said Katie with a wicked grin. ### Katie Gibbs was standing in the wings watching the opening act and waiting to go out on stage to give the first concert of her tour with her backup band C3 otherwise known as the Cushing triplets. Jason stood next to her. He was just hanging up from a phone call. \"You okay, Katie,\" said Jason \"Yeah,\" she said, \"Just a little nervous\" \"Don't worry, you'll do great,\" he said, putting his arm around her and giving her a little squeeze. She leaned her head on his shoulder. \"Who was that on the phone?\" she said changing the subject. \"That was my dad,\" replied Jason, \"he just called to tell me that Gail to a deal and got 600 hours of community service, and five years probation. Naturally the school board fired her from Wellesley when they found out about stolen money not to mention threatening you and Ang and the scam at the Gala. And in order get probation and to stay out of jail she has to pay back every red cent of the money she embezzled which amounted to about 25 grand. She's back at her daddy's auction house. Bev got suspended for the rest of the semester for her part in trying to scam Luke and Guy. Luke Morgan, Guy Morgan and Kensington Records are still the laughing stock of whole music industry for getting taken in like that.\" \"Well Gail got off better than she deserved,\" said Katie, \"And maybe Luke and Bev will grow up a little.\" \"We can only hope,\" said Jason as the opening act left the stage, \"Now, My love, go out there and knock them dead!\" THE END ","Summary":" A Twist in the Tale AN: I am a fan of folktales and other classic stories I'm all ways interested i"},{"Movie":"Another Cinderella Story","Title":"The Mystery Voice","Author":"Gabriella Somerfield","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9172202","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Mystery Voice Check My Profile for updates Chapter 1 Joey groaned this searching was stressful. All these girls thinking that they were the one. Half these girls were blonde, the girl he had been with had had black hair. Natural black hair and captivating brown eyes. He needed a break from all the fakers. So after calling Dustin over he went and stood under the stairs for a minute. Dustin stood a few meters from him acting as a bodyguard. He listened to the hustle and bustle of the cafeteria, the footsteps going up the stairs and the conversations to go with them. The next footfalls were so light that he believed they might be a dancers but it was the conversation that really struck him. \"Forget it Tami, he said last night was one of the best nights of his life,\" said Mary. \"Yeah, so go tell him it was you,\" said Tami. \"Until he finds out it was me,\" said Mary. Rushing out from under the stairs Joey turned and tried to get a look at the girl who had just spoken. \"Dude you ok?\" asked Dustin. \"I think I have a lead,\" smiled Joey relaying the conversation to Dustin. \"Dude that could have been anyone. Plus they could have staged it,\" said Dustin. \"Let's just find this Tami girl and find out who her friend is. Because I've heard that voice before,\" sighed Joey. \"Right behind you JP,\" smiled Dustin. And with that they left the cafeteria in search of Tami and Joey's mystery girl. Review Please Gabriella Somerfield[Chapter 2] The Mystery Voice Check My Profile for updates Dedicated to musicalgirl4474 because she not only came up with the idea for this whole chapter but she agreed to co-write this story with me as well as Back Home To The Hills. So after a very long wait here it is. Enjoy. Chapter 2 However that day they never found the Tami Joey's mystery girl had been speaking to. Dustin suggested finding his mystery girl would lead to them to Joey's girl. So now instead of trying to find one girl, they were now looking for two and it was proving difficult. Until they heard someone say Tami's name. They turned and saw a dark haired girl with Tami. \"Hey that's my mystery girl,\" whispered Dustin. \"So if that's yours then the girl next to her might be mine,\" smiled Joey. \"Well she fits the criteria, Natural black hair and brown eyes,\" said Dustin. \"She's going you go talk to your mystery girl,\" grinned Joey. \"We'll find yours JP,\" smiled Dustin, as he walked off towards who he knew was his mystery voice. Dustin wasn't normally a nervous guy but walking towards his mystery girl - he was. He didn't know who she was but he'd felt like he'd connected with her. He felt like she got his weirdness. \"Hey,\" he said, leaning against the locker next to her. \"I'll see you in class Tami,\" smiled Mary, as she headed off. \"What do you want?\" asked Tami. \"Well Tami I know you were my mystery dance at the girl,\" smirked Dustin. \"How can you prove that?\" asked Tami. \"The pink curl in your head,\" answered Dustin. \"There are a lot of girls at this school who have pink curls in there hair. Is that all you wanted?\" asked Tami. \"Yeah. I also wanted to know who your friends was?\" asked Dustin. \"Why you interested in her as well?\" asked Tami. \"No. I'm just looking for Joey's mystery girl and your friend is she,\" answered Dustin. \"You can't prove that,\" said Tami. Dustin smirked back. \"You can't prove it wasn't her.\" \"Oh, I don't know. I know of at least one person who would tell you Mary was never at the dance.\" \"Other than you, you mean?\" Tami laughed nervously. \"Yeah, other than me. Don't you have something better to do than look for your friend's girls?\" \"Oh, I don't know. I guess I could talk with my mystery girl... unless I was asking her about Joey's girl...\" He stared at her. Tami's heart was hammering. He couldn't know, could he? Now she knew why Mary didn't really want Joey knowing it was her. What if it was a let-down, and Dustin was just toying with her? What guy would want Tami as their girlfriend? What normal guy... he's not normal. said a voice in her head. He's amazing, numbers one two and three on you list for boys... Oh shut up, she told it. \"Well then,\" she said coolly, \"maybe you ought to find her.\" Then she hurried to find Mary leaving a dumb-struck Dustin behind her. Review Please Gabriella Somerfield and musicalgirl4474.[Chapter 3] The Mystery Voice Check My Profile for updates Chapter 3 \"Dude, that was your mystery girl,\" Joey said. Which was a little weird, most normally it was Dustin keeping Joey's spirits up. \"Yeah, but...\" \"Hey, if that wasn't your mystery girl, then her friend isn't mine. They both went to the dance together, remember? And who else in this school do you see with purple highlights?\" Dustin looked around. He saw someone with red highlights, someone with blue, someone who had died their hair entirely black. But no purple, none, except for his mystery girl who was just disappearing into a classroom. Okay, so maybe Joey had a point. \"You'll see her again. Plus I have an eye of my girl now so as soon as I find her name. I can talk to her,\" smiled Joey. They continued down the hall talking about their mystery girls and narrowly missed being splashed as a jock stored past them and threw a smoothie in a girl's face. The girls eyes meet Joey's and he felt a connection. He knew those eyes from somewhere but he couldn't place them. \"JP?\" asked Dustin, breaking into his thoughts. \"Hmm,\" Joey shook himself out of his trace and found the girl had gone leaving nothing but a puddle of pink smoothie on the floor where she had stood. Where had that connection he'd felt come from? Could that girl be his mystery girl? He'd only seen Tami's friend once and that was from a ways a way. \"Come on, man!\" Dustin groaned. \"She was right in front of you and you let her get away?\" Joey shook the fatigue out of his thoughts and looked at his friend. \"It happened kinda fast.\" He said. \"Come on! To fast for JP?\" Okay, now it was back to normal, Dustin seemed to have forgotten about his run-in with his own mystery girl and was now harping on at Joey. \"You are on top of the game man! Now next time you see her, you need to ask her her name, at least!\" \"Go find your mystery girl,\" Joey said. Just something out of the blue to head off Dustin. \"Show me how it's done.\" \"Hey Tami,\" smiled Dustin. \"Yes Dustin?\" asked Tami. \"How you doing?\" asked Dustin. \"I'm fine what do you want?\" asked Tami. \"Just to talk,\" smiled Dustin. \"I'm still not telling you if Mary was at the ball,\" whispered Tami. \"Ok that's fine,\" said Dustin. \"I know you're my mystery girl so when you wanna give me a call here's my card.\" He slipped a card to her and sutured Joey following minutes later. \"That was smooth man,\" laughed Joey. \"Your girl's name is Mary,\" said Dustin. Review Please Gabriella Somerfield and musicalgirl4474.[Chapter 4] The Mystery Voice Check My Profile for updates Chapter 4 Mary, the brunette haired dancer graced his thoughts day and night, never leaving them to endlessly dancing though them. Now he knew who she was their dance had been played though his head over and over again going over all of her movements again. How every step and move she made flowed into the next one. She was his perfect dance partner. Before he danced with her, he'd forgotten why he started dancing in the first place - he'd forgotten why it made him feel so alive. Coming home and dancing with her he remembered. He wanted so badly to tell her he knew who she was, but at the same time didn't want to frighten her away. After all, her two... stepsisters weren't the nicest human beings alive. And neither was her adoptive mother, if Dominique was a mother at all. Maybe Joey could find some way to clue her in without Brit or Bree figuring it out. That was likely to be very difficult. Although... as Dustin said so VERY often, he was Joey Parker, and Joey could do absolutely anything he put his mind to. He just needed a little patience and... maybe a pep-talk? Thinking like this was beginning to get Joey down. Of course he could find a way, but it would be easier to do so with two heads rather than one... hold the phone. Dustin's mystery girl (who wasn't really much of a mystery anymore) was Mary's friend... wasn't she!? She could definitely help. With this thought in his head, Joey went to find Dustin. \"You want me to tell you who my friend is?\" asked Tami. \"You still haven't found out.\" \"Please,\" pleaded Dustin. \"Why are you so interested?\" asked Tami. \"She danced with Joey at the ball,\" said Dustin. \"He's in love.\" \"Really?\" asked Tami, cocking her head to one side. Dustin nodded. \"Really. He hasn't danced well since the 2006 VMA's and now he's making new moves and dancing with joy. You're friend reminded him the reason of why he started dancing in the first place.\" \"Ok,\" said Tami, before she leaded in and whispered the name in his ear. It was dusk outside, the dance studio was closed but Joey knew there was one lone dancer inside – his mystery voice. He had a key of the dance teacher so he could go practice when ever he wanted to. So very quietly he sneaked inside and then slowly made his way to were he could a chink of light creeping out of from under a doorway. He strained his ears and picked up strands of music. Making no sound he pushed open the door and there she was leaping, twirling, twisting and dancing – his mystery girl. The music stopped, she paused for a drink. He stepped into the light. \"Hello Mary.\" Review Please Gabriella Somerfield[Chapter 5] The Mystery Voice Check My Profile for updates Chapter 5 \"Hi Mary.\" Mary whirled around, almost knocking the glass of water off the ledge. Joey . . . OH GOD, it was Joey. How had he . . . oh, wait, probably Tami. Mary's friend was pretty head-over-heels with Joey's friend. \"Joey . . . what do you want?\" Internally, Mary winced. She hadn't meant to sound so frank, but she was really nervous. \"You're my Mystery girl, aren't you?\" \"Um . . . yeah, but look, you don't have to pretend that you like me. I'm just a nobody . . .\" \"You're not a nobody! Not to me, anyway.\" Mary, who had dropped her eyes to the floor, looked up in surprise. Joey had come closer to her, now standing barely a foot away. \"But . . .\" this was so awkward. She had been so sure that that dance had been the biggest mistake of her life. That just going to the DANCE had been bad. And now this. No WAY was she going to be able to hide this from the twins and their psychopathic mother. Joey reached past her and pressed play on the zoom player. He took her hand, and Mary let him lead her out to the middle of the room. The soft music filled the room and they fell into the steps from the dance. \"I know you were my mystery girl,\" whispered Joey, as the dance ended. They were face to face, millimetres apart. Mary felt her breath pick up and her heart rate soar. Could she . . . would she . . . was Joey about to kiss her. He was. Mary had never actually really kissed a boy, and she supposed that should make some kind of impression, but all she could think was OH MY GOD, JOEY PARKER IS KISSING ME. When they pulled apart, Joey smiled at her, and tucked a stray lock of hair behind her ear. \"I guess it's kinda redundant to ask if you'll go out with me?\" he asked. Mary smiled, and shook her head. \"Kinda. But I'll say yes anyway.\" \"So how about Friday?\" asked Joey. \"Friday,\" answered Mary. \"Yeah Friday.\" \"Do you need a ride home?\" asked Joey. Mary nodded and smiling they left together. Review Please Gabriella Somerfield and musicalgirl4474.[Chapter 6] The Mystery Voice Check My Profile for updates Chapter 6 She woke sleepily eyed and with a smile. Today was the day of the date. Her phone buzzed and she reached for it checking the ID. Joey. \"Hey I hope you don't mind but-\" \"You're cancelling?\" she asked. \"Absolutely not,\" he answered. \"I just thought that you wouldn't want your steps sisters or Dominique finding out and I don't want the paps to.\" She nodded. \"So I was thinking dinner at mine?\" he asked. \"That's sounds doable,\" she smiled. \"Ok meet me round the corner from your house,\" he answered. \"At six.\" A date. Her first date. Her very very first date. Mary wasn't the stereotypical teenage girl, but anyone would be a little bit both excited and terrified, right? And then there's the added pressure of . . . well . . . her boyfriend was Joey Parker. Um . . . yeah. That thought on it's own was still a little heady. The first order of business, she decided, was choosing what to wear. Jeans seemed a tad informal, plus most of hers were a bit worn-through around the knees, so even more informal. A dress seemed too much. Leggings? With a good sweater maybe . . . . It wasn't long before most of the contents of Mary's dresser were spread across her bed. Most of the colours were rather washed-out, greys and pastels. Hm. Maybe black leggings and the purple sweater-dress thing that Tami had given her for Christmas last year? She looked good in purple, and Oh dear God, it was nearly lunch time! She had to go make lunch for Dominique and the twins. 'Luncheon'. Whatever. Stuffing most of her clothes back into her dresser, Mary hurried into the house to begin preparing the food. She had to be careful not to rush; if Dominique wasn't pleased with the food, she'd be hearing about it 'till she had to make dinner, and that would leave her with absolutely zero time to get ready. (Dominique was rarely pleased with the food, though why she didn't just hire someone else to do the cooking was entirely beyond Mary). The luncheon was simple, created quickly and with less carbs than your average salad bar. (It was salad with fresh vinaigrette). The twins had looked a tad sad about the meal, but Brit at least was used to weirder diets than salad, courtesy of Natalia. Mary ate her lunch on the kitchen counter and washed her bowl before clearing the dining room table and washing the rest of the dishes. Then, after a cursory sweeping of the dining room floor, bolted to her room before Dominique could find her with a list of more chores like, heaven forbid, cleaning the twins' rooms. Most of the remaining hours was spent going through her meagre makeup collection, picking out the highest quality and least gaudy stuff she owned. She went through hair tutorials on youtube by the dozen before deciding that she'd just leave it down (simpler) with a headband to hold it back from her face. If Mary had had any jewellery worth wearing to a semi-casual date, she'd have been going through that too. However she didn't have much jewellery to speak off. Apart from a few pieces her mother had left her. The love infinity ring hardly ever left her left index finger so that was staying on. She lift the silver ballet shoes necklace out of it's box and looked at the photo of her mother has she put it on it. She'd like to think that her mother would approve of Joey. Finally she slipped on a diamond snowflake ring that had diamond ribbons that wrapped and scrolled around the dainty snowflake in the middle of them. With these on it felt think her mother was with her. At about four thirty, Mary stopped to make herself take a deep breath. \"Calm down,\" she told herself. \"If he doesn't like me for me, he's not worth it. Besides, I think he likes my dancing more than anything else, so that's cool. Not like my ability at that is suddenly going to desert me.\" Other girls might be put off that the thing their boyfriend liked best about them was dancing, but dance was such an important part of both of their lives, that Mary thought it was kind of sweet. This date would be a lot of fun. Just under two hours later a knock sounded on the door. Thankfully she was ready and she pulled the door opened to a bunch of roses. They moved to the side to reveal Joey. \"Are you crazy?\" she asked. \"Do you want Dominique or the twins to see you?\" \"Sorry I just wanted to pick you up for the door,\" he answered, offering her the rose. She nipped back in to put them in a vase and then locked her door and they headed onto their date. The lights were dimmed lowing, soft music playing. The couple were silent as they swayed back and forth to the music. Her head on his chest. She smiled and looked up at him. \"This is really nice,\" she smiled. \"Thank you,\" he answered. \"I have to say it's one of the best dates I've ever been on. Probably thee best.\" \"Yeah well I'll defiantly remember it for my first date,\" she answered. He stepped back. \"Your first date ever?\" he asked. \"Yes so?\" she asked. \"There's nothing wrong with that I just figured you'd have guys asking you out all the time,\" he said. She shook her head. \"I think the twins or Natalie scare anyone off and my dancing isn't known plus I'm pretty plain looking.\" \"You are gorgeous,\" he smiled. She blushed and tilted her face downwards. He placed a finger under her chin and tilted her head up to his before angling his face and colliding his lips with hers. She sunk into the kiss. Her nose wrinkled and she pulled back. \"Can you smell something burning?\" she asked. \"The chicken,\" he gasped. He raced past her to save the food and she followed when she heard a groan. She was good in the kitchen so she hoped she could help him make something of it. \"What are we having?\" she asked, from the doorway. \"I think I burnt it,\" he answered, not facing her. She smiled and walked next to him. It was salvageable. \"Move aside pop star,\" she smiled. \"It can be saved.\" He stood back and watched as she carefully trimmed on the top layer of the chicken, leaving nicely cooked meat in it's wake. \"I take it you don't cook a lot?\" she asked. He shook his head. \"No mostly take outs with Dustin. You do?\" \"Do you really see Dominique and the twins cooking for themselves?\" she asked. \"No I'd of thought they'd have a cook for that,\" he answered. \"They do me,\" she answered. \"Willingly?\" he asked. \"What do you think?\" she asked, as she cut some slices of the meat. \"I think not,\" he answered, as he pulled two plates and a tray of roast potatoes out of the oven. \"How did you not burn those?\" she asked. \"They were in a different part of the oven,\" he answered. He assembled everything onto the plates and carried them though to the table. \"It looks really nice Joey,\" she smiled. \"So do you enjoy cooking for them?\" he asked. \"Not so much the them part but I like cooking,\" she answered. \"My mum and I used to cook together all the time.\" \"What happened?\" he asked. \"If you don't mind me asking.\" \"You know you are the first person in what feels like a really long time to ask that,\" she answered. \"I was twelve. It was cancer. She was healthy until the last couple of weeks. We didn't even know she was sick and when she felt it was too late. It was quick and painless which is something to be thankful for.\" \"So this life with Dominique?\" he asked. \"Is all I have known since,\" she answered. \"Well hopefully I can always give you something to look forward to,\" he answered. \"Well if there's dancing involved,\" she smiled. \"Always,\" he answered. Review Please Gabriella Somerfield and musicalgirl4474. ","Summary":" The Mystery Voice Check My Profile for updates Chapter 1 Joey groaned this searching was stressful."},{"Movie":"A Goofy Movie","Title":"Memories of the Dance We Shared","Author":"Auburn Red","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12335022","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Memories of the Dance We Shared A Goofy Movie Fanfic By Auburn Red Disclaimer: I created Trixie Goof, but the rest of the family belongs to The Walt Disney Company. Penny Pooch originated in the Minnie & Me franchise from the early 90's (and possibly in the comic books). However, I created her parents and her wealthy background. I will also refer to multiple sources about Goofy, Penny, and Max including the early Goofy shorts, Goof Troop, Goofy Movie, Extremely Goofy Movie, House of Mouse, Once Upon A Christmas, and Twice Upon A Christmas (I do like Mona, but I only just saw 2UAC for the first time this past month and the story was already planned out with Roxanne so she will remain Max's wife and Trixie's mother. But Mona will be a part of the goings-on later). Kingdom Hearts will not be referred to (It's kind of hard to shoehorn in Goofy becoming a knight, Mickey becoming a king etc. into the storyline), nor will Epic Mickey. I am letting you all know, that I am not very familiar with the comics so I will not be referring to them at all except a reference to April, May, and June and that Penny's middle and mother's maiden name will be familiar to readers of the early Goofy comics. The titles of the fanfic as well as the chapters are from country songs. Goofy always struck me as someone who is a country music fan (as well as a fan of mambo and disco, as we well know. :D) The title is a line from the Garth Brooks song, \"The Dance\" and the title of the first chapter is from the song, \"Please Remember Me\" by Tim McGraw Oh and also for the most part I know Disney does a lot of parodies of names (\"Amelia Airhead\" for Amelia Earhart, \"Kon-Ducky\" for Kon-Tiki etc.). For the most part, I will use the real titles of things and I will only use the parody titles if they were already introduced by Disney beforehand. (Plus, in some of the more recent stuff they seemed to have foregone them and used real names and titles.) Summary: An average day with his father and daughter becomes not-so-average for Max when he remembers his past and learns about his father and his late mother. Contains excerpts from the journal of Penny Pooch Goof. Chapter One: Goofy and Max: Please Remember Me Goofy looked outside of his house as the new shiny red car pulled up next to his old green jalopy. He joyfully waved at his two favorite people in the world, tripping over the door outside of the frame as he greeted them. He looked upside down as a little girl skipped up to her grandfather hand in hand with her father who rolled his eyes, shook his head, but laughed like he expected something like that. \"Hi ya, Maxie, Hi ya Trixie,\" Goofy said still seeing them upside down. Max opened his mouth to correct his father once again, but had a feeling that his insistence would fall on deaf ears, so he just helped Goofy to stand. \"Are you okay, Dad?\" \"Right as rain, my boy,\" Goofy said. \"I hit my head, probably my brain, nothing I would need.\" He gave his son a hug then leaned down to be face level with his three-year-old granddaughter. \"And how's my favorite grandbaby?\" Trixie Goof laughed at her grandfather. \"Gran'pa Goof, I'm your only gran'daughter.\" \"Well then that makes you my favorite, don't it?\" He laughed. Trixie laughed back together doing the classic \"Ahyuck!\" laugh with her Grandpa. Max gave a small grin but laughed as well. \"And how's Roxanne?\" Goofy asked about his daughter-in-law. \"She's fine,\" Max said. \"She sends her love.\" Max's wife was out of town for her cousin's wedding. Max wasn't able to come with her, because of pressing issues at work, so he offered that he would look after Trixie. \"Besides you know how nuts Dad is about her,\" Max reminded Roxanne. \"We could visit him too.\" It was fortunate that they made this plan, because recent developments at work was another reason for Max to pay his father a visit. \"Well why don't you two come inside and have some fun,\" Goofy invited. Max glanced through various drawers taking out any paperwork that looked like it could be his birth certificate. Goofy and Trixie were playing with Trixie's App Game \"Lester's Possum Pals' Hunt.\" Max sighed embarrassed as the App character said in that annoying high voice, \"Who's Your Favorite Possum!?\" Trixie and Goofy answered, \"Lester!\" as Trixie began her game. \"Trix,\" Max sighed annoyed at hearing the game for the hundredth time. \"Remind me to thank your mother for downloading that game for you.\" Of course Roxanne thought it was hilarious but Max not so much. \"I will,\" Trixie said joyfully as she returned to it. Max glanced fondly at his daughter playing the game. She had her father and grandfather's dark hair tied into a ponytail, but her mother's smaller face and eyes and was dressed in a yellow shirt and blue overalls. Beatrix Penelope Goof was a bundle of energy that seemed to bounce or skip everywhere she went. Sometimes her parents had to struggle just to keep up with her, but they loved her truly. They loved playing with the little girl, because she could take the smallest things and make a game out of them. Max remembered sometimes when Trixie would take out her father's socks or a piece of cloth and the two would engage in an amusing game of tug-of-war with Trixie grabbing one end and Max, the other, sometimes with their teeth. Sometimes when Max looked at her, he couldn't believe three years had already gone by. It seemed like only yesterday when she was just a tiny red bundle brought home from the hospital wrapped in her little pink blanket needing to be changed, or fed, and laughing whenever her parents picked her up and held her. Until Trixie had been born, Max never understood why his father embarrassed him so much but now being a father himself, he could finally understand that wistful nostalgia of wanting your child to stay young forever. Max cleared his throat before his eyes filled and he pretended to be focused more on the papers around him. \"You know Dad, if you organized your files and paperwork or the rest of the house, things would be a lot easier to find.\" He looked around at the mess that was his father's house. It was completely disorganized with dishes in the sink and clothes on the floor. He glanced at the floor at some bills that had clearly been unpaid. He remembered that the previous month, he had to basically block the repo man from possessing his dad's car, before he could pay for it. Max would seriously wonder if his dad was getting senile, but he was always this absent-minded. When he was growing up, Max seriously wondered at times who was taking care of who. Without saying it out loud, that was why even though he had several good job offers after graduation, Max opted to remain in Spoonerville to continue to take care of his father as well as his Dad looked after him. \"Shucks, Max, I know where everything is,\" Goofy said. \"What are you looking for anyway?\" \"My birth certificate,\" Max said. \"I'm up for a promotion at work and they want to have all my paperwork to process it, probably to make sure that I'm not an ax murderer or a member of ISIS or something.\" Goofy stood up and crossed his arms defiantly. \"How dare they say that my boy has problems with his eyes? Why your irises are just fine!\" Max was stunned. \"What-? No, ISIS Dad, not iris! The terror- ah forget it, you know you could watch the news a bit more!\" \"Too depressing for me,\" Goofy said. \"Though your Uncle Donald never sent thanks for my text congratulating him on being President.\" Max sighed. How could his father be that clueless over current events? \"Not Donald Duck, Donald-Never mind!\" He said figuring that it was a lost cause and frankly between the two, Max would have preferred his Uncle Donald becoming President over the alternative. But on the other hand, with his temper, Donald Duck would have declared war on the rest of the world before his four years up. ( So in other words , possibly no change, Max wryly thought). \"Daddy's going to be on TV like Mommy,\" Trixie said. \"You don't say,\" Goofy said. Max shook his head. \"I might be on TV, Trix,\" Max corrected his daughter. He had been a news researcher and writer for one of the TV stations and would soon be possibly promoted. Roxanne had also been working to be on television too and had just become one of the lifestyle/human interest story reporters. \"If this promotion works out for me, I will be one of the on air news reporters.\" \"Well I'll make sure I record every single episode,\" Goofy said. \"Maybe I could be on television myself. You always said that I make news!\" \"I didn't mean it as a compliment dad,\" Max said recalling the many times that his father broke things, caused accidents like fires, and other times. Rather than go into another diatribe about his father's clumsiness, Max reverted to the main issue at hand. \"My birth certificate isn't in here.\" \"Well you were born, I'm sure of that. Your mother spent hours in the delivery room groaning in labor-\" \"-Ahh,\" Max said jokingly putting his hands on his ears. \"La lalala! Not hearing this! Don't want to hear this!\" Trixie and Goofy laughed. Max put his hands off his ears as he laughed too. \"Max, if it ain't there, it's probably upstairs in the attic.\" Max looked upwards. \"Figures, the Room That Time Forgot.\" \"I can get it if you want,\" Goofy offered. \"I think I know where it might be.\" \"No, I'll get it,\" Max said. \"If I'm not down in 24 hours send a search party.\" \"Need any help, Daddy?\" Trixie asked. \"Nah, I think I can manage,\" Max said. He leaned down. \"Just make sure you stay out of trouble.\" \"I'll keep an eye on her,\" Goofy promised. \"I wasn't talking to her,\" Max said wryly. It took a second for Goofy to realize what his son meant. \"Touche,\" he said though he pronounced it \"toosh.\" Max rolled his eyes and offered a thin laugh. \"I'll be back soon.\" Dust hit Max's nostrils the second he opened the attic door as he gave a few involuntary coughs. He opened his water bottle and took a few gulps to quench his dry throat. He probably should have gotten a mask to cover his mouth and nose, but he just let the room air out for a little bit before he entered the room. The attic was so small that Max had to slightly crouch down before he entered and stood. He looked around at the sports equipment inside, skis, golf clubs, footballs, soccer balls. Max chuckled. His dad really must have tried just about every sport. He knew that the X-Games Championship Trophy wasn't up there, because his father told Max that it was in a special place on a case in his room. Max looked amused at the pile of books that lay next to the sports stuff. Mostly they were How To…books. Amused and curious, Max read the titles to some of them: How to Be A Detective, How to Dance, How to Sleep. ( Really Dad, Max thought, Sleeping? That was a stumper for you?) He thumbed through some of them reading through some of the passages mostly from a very condescending author. Max also looked at some filmstrips that bore the same titles. He guessed they were the film versions of the books. Yeah people in Dad's day used to obey disembodied voices an awful lot , Max thought. He also found some copies of the movies that his dad and their friends made, many of which were edited with titles. He read the titles Knight for a Day, Motor Mania, Goofy and Wilbur , etc. Max rolled his eyes. His dad and his dad's friends sometimes acted like a bunch of cartoons when they were together. He was about to head for another corner of the attic when his foot tripped against one of the ski poles. He tried to free his foot but he banged against the skis and other items as Max tripped into them. With a classic family, \"Yahahahooey!\" Max fell to the floor. \"You alright in there Son?\" Goofy's voice called. \"Just fine, Dad,\" Max called. \"Nothing hurt.\" Just my pride, Max thought. Max brushed dust off his blue jeans and red hoodie sweat shirt, rose from underneath the mess and tried to put away the items as he found them. His eyes wandered to a small shelf with several photo albums and files. Max reasoned if his birth certificate was anywhere, it would probably be there. He moved aside his old stuffed teddy bear, Old Stuffed Bear, and took out several photo albums. He opened a photo album to see if he could find it inside. Most of the photos were of Max, Goofy, and their old friends such as Uncle Mickey and Uncle Donald. Max counted in his head that the last time they were all physically together was a Christmas a few years ago when they helped Mickey look for Pluto then spent the day singing Christmas carols. That was what? Six, seven years ago maybe? (It had to be. Max was still with Mona then. They had mutually broken up partly because Max realized that he was still in love with Roxanne, and also because their post-college plans were going to take each other on different paths. Max and Mona had remained friends and even attended each other's weddings, Max's to Roxanne and Mona's to another friend, Tank.) Max continued to be Facebook friends with Huey, Dewey, and Louie and still kept up with them. He knew that the triplets had finally carved their own identities and worked in different fields. Though their individuality only went so far, they married three sisters. Huey and his wife, April currently worked for their Great Uncle Scrooge McDuck's business in Marketing and Public Relations, respectively. Dewey worked in Artificial Intelligence and his wife, May was a Genetics Researcher both under Professor Ludwig Von Drake. While Louie discovered his talents in agriculture and veterinary science by inheriting his Great-Grandma Duck's farm and his wife, June, was excellent at making organic natural foods and products. Even though the triplets drove him crazy when he was younger, he had a lot of fun with them. The quartet could cause quite a bit of mischief such as that last Christmas when they were all together and Max and the trio sang the mondegreen parody versions of various carols such as \"Police Got My Car\" For \"Feliz Navidad\" and spent the night riffing on classic Christmas movies. (Such as while watching the CG Christmas Carol when Belle said her famous line, \"Maybe you be happy in the path you have chosen,\" Max and the trio imitated Bill Murry from Scrooged: \"Well I am happy in the path that I have chosen…!\") Max's best friend, P.J. was still an active part of his life as one of the camera operators for the TV news station. This promotion would not only benefit Max, but also P.J. as he could be an action camera operator working alongside his old buddy. P.J.'s wife, Passion, often welcomed her friends and husband at the café she owned, the Bean Scene where she hosted poetry slams, folk/alt/indy concerts, and other public events. Max also kept in touch with his friend, Bobby Zamurski, a standup comedian, who lived in Los Angeles with his wife, Stacy, an attorney. He smiled at the thousands of memories with those guys, good and bad and how they stayed together through everything. Max flipped a page to see a photo of Goofy with Mickey, and Donald their arms around each other. Under the caption in his father's handwriting Max read the legend: \"The Three Mouseketeers Together Again.\" Max reasoned if he had a thousand memories of times with the triplets and P.J., his dad must have had about a million memories with Uncle Mickey and Uncle Donald. He knew what his dad had said about him and his two \"bestest buddies in the world.\" That their friendship began because the three shared the mutual loss of being orphaned at young ages and bounced around from various relatives and foster homes, never feeling a permanent place anywhere until the day they met at the Ub Iwerks Children's Home so long ago. (\"Gawrsh it feels like we have been friends for nigh on 90 years now!\" Goofy always declared.) With their penchant for pranks, getting into fights, and overall silliness, the trio were the bane of the existence of Mr. Oswald and Mrs. Ortensia, the children's kindly, but often exasperated children's home directors and Miss Alice, the Home's equally kind and exasperated assistant. However, Mickey, Donald, and Goofy considered each other the family that they never had or had, but felt unwanted by. Through school, countless jobs, romances, and adventures the three had shared an unshakable bond, like blood brothers, who would be there for each other no matter what. Even the distance couldn't part them as Dad was still here in Spoonerville currently working at a children's day care. Mickey still ran the House of Mouse in Downtown Toon Town while his wife, Minnie ran Minnie's Bow-tique (and was a stockholder in the House of Mouse as well). Donald put his Naval experience to good use working in Duckburg, under his Uncle Scrooge with some top secret \"hush/hush\" defense contracts in Duckburg while his live-in girlfriend, Daisy was a TV National News Anchor. (In fact she provided recommendations for Max and Roxanne to get their jobs at the TV studio). Max was so lost in the album that he almost forgot the reason that he was up in the attic in the first place. He closed the book and searched through the shelf again. Max crouched forward as he saw a small manila folder with words in his father's hand writing: My Maxie: The Early Years. \"Bingo,\" Max whispered as he opened it. Several photographs and other things fell out. Max peered through them as he replaced the items. There were the typical baby things, booties encased in bronze, a plaster of his tiny footprints, baby teeth (prominently bucked of course). He picked up the photos one by one as he rolled his eyes in embarrassment grateful at least that his Dad still hadn't figured out how to use social media. Otherwise these pictures would be in front of the whole world instead of inside this attic. He looked through them as he saw pictures that showed his first tooth (which he then obviously used to bite his dad's finger), his first step (inside a vase that Dad tried to get his foot out of it) and his first word (judging by the picture showing his Dad washing Baby Max's mouth with soap was probably something he learned from Uncle Donald or maybe P.J's dad . No wonder I never liked Life Boy , Max thought wryly). At the time, Max's hair was red, but he knew that it had darkened over the years. He also saw some other photos of himself slightly older getting into mischief, such as drawing on the walls, waving to his terrified Dad as he wandered off onto an amusement park at the beach by himself, pestering his Dad when he wanted to read the paper, and knocking down a block tower. Max suddenly had a sense of déjà vu as he remembered a phone conversation that he had with his Dad only a few weeks ago. Exhausted by a particularly trying day with his hyperactive daughter, Max listed his frustrations to his father: \"She never picks up her toys when I tell her to…I think that girl spends most of her life in Time Out….She draws on the walls….Her mother and I can't sit down for one minute before she's off and running again usually into trouble…I think 'No' must be her favorite word….\" After Goofy told his son to relax, Max interrupted, \"Come on Dad, you have never known a more trouble making kid!\" From the other side of the phone, Goofy chuckled and simply said, \"Oh, yes I had.\" After that phone conversation, Max practically collapsed in his room when Trixie jumped out of her room and tackled her father with a big hug. \"Good-night Daddy, I love you,\" She said. Touched, Max smiled and held her as well, all frustration was gone. \"Good-night, Trixie, I love you too to the moon and back.\" Max returned to the present. \"Aww Dad, I guess I deserved that,\" he said with a laugh figuring what goes around must come around. \"Karma can be a real bitch.\" Thinking about Trixie made Max wonder how she and Goofy were doing. Max crept to the attic door and held it open just a crack. He heard disco music playing in the living room as Goofy called \"C'mon Trixie. Dance with your Grandpappy!\" Max chuckled softly as he heard his daughter giggle clearly enjoying the show. \"Did you used to dance like this, Gran'pa Goof?\" \"Sure, Trixie Belle, it was my jelly!\" Goofy said. Trixie laughed out loud. \"You mean your jam, Gran'pa!\" Max cowered embarrassed at his father getting the word mixed up. And the term \"my jam\" was officially pronounced dead at 5:00 PM , Max thought looking at his watch. \"I'll bet you like listening to that Powerline stuff,\" Goofy guessed. Max could tell his daughter was making a face. \"You mean that old stuff Daddy listens to no!\" Max playfully pretended to fall over in despair at his daughter calling his music \"old.\" Of course he remembered that he had that \"feeling old\" realization when he read that Powerline had recently celebrated his 45th birthday. No no, Max thought desperately, no one I liked should ever be approaching their 50's or be described as an aging pop star, ever! Knowing that his music was now a fodder for 90s nostalgia or derision was a bit disconcerting and made Max feel more than a little old. Max laughed knowing that his father and daughter were having fun, so he returned to his search for his birth certificate. As he returned the photos to the folder, a small brittle piece of paper caught Max's eye. He unfolded it and smiled. There it was: \"Maximilian George Goof, Certificate of Live Birth.\" Max ran his finger through the names of his father: George G. Goof. He particularly traced the letters of his mother's name: Penelope Glorybee Libertee Pooch Goof. Max refolded the certificate and placed it in his pocket, pleased that the search was over. He was about to stand up to leave the attic, when another photograph caught his eye. It was face down, so Max had to turn it over. The picture he saw made his heart skip a few beats. He saw a beautiful red-haired anthromorphic dog woman in a green hospital gown holding a small newborn. Max read the caption: \"Penny and Max, the Loves of Ma Life: First Picture.\" \"Hi Mom,\" Max said feeling his eyes mist over as he fingered the picture tracing his late mother's face. He could see the big smile on her face and the love shining in her eyes. Looking at his mother's photograph made Max wistful and longing. He opened another photo album mostly of childhood pictures of his dad and himself including that Christmas when his Dad made him believe in Santa Claus again despite Pete telling him that it was \"an urbane myth like the Loch Ness Monster.\" It didn't surprise Max that most of the pictures were of him and his Dad, even when his mother was still alive. All of his strongest clearest memories were of his father making him laugh, playing with him, and rocking him back and forth when he had a nightmare or was frightened by a thunderstorm. He couldn't ever remember a time when his father wasn't there. Dad explained to him once that Goofy had opted to be a stay-at-home Dad taking care of the house, doing all of the cooking and cleaning, and looking after little Max while his wife worked. \"I wanted to have you by my side all the time,\" Goofy said. \"Your Mama was the same way too, but she also loved her job and was good at it so we both agreed. It was the best job I ever had.\" While that was no doubt true, Max realized, considering his father's subsequent checkered employment history, there was also the practical reason that Goofy had difficulties holding down a steady job. It was much better that his wife would be the one working and bringing home a dependable income while her husband managed the household. Max's memories of his mother were hazy at best like a face in a fog that he could almost make out. He remembered her holding his hand when Penny used to take him for walks. He remembered watching at the doorway waving good-bye to her, standing next to his dad, who was dressed in his frilly pink apron, while she drove away. He remembered her entering his room every night to give him a good-night kiss. It never mattered what time it was or how late she came home, she always kissed her son good-night. Then most of all that fateful day when his father explained that his mother wouldn't be coming home. He also recalled the days afterward at her funeral when everyone was dressed in black and looked so serious and sad, especially his father, Goofy, who just held Max the entire time. He also remembered the many nights afterwards when Max stared at his bedroom door and prayed and prayed that it would open and his mother would come in to give him his good-night kiss. There were things that he wished he could remember of her beyond that, but he never asked his Dad too much about her because it always made him sad. After all this time, he still missed his wife (Which was probably why he and Sylvia finally broke up. Like Max and Mona, it was a mutual break up, but Max had a feeling that Sylvia realized that she could never compete with a ghost.) Whenever Goofy talked about his late wife, it was always in generalities, how beautiful she was, how kind and patient, and how much she loved her husband and son. Those were nice things, but there was so much more that Max wanted to know about this woman who gave him life, but had never really been a part of it: What was she like as a kid? What was her favorite song, favorite movie? What did she want to be when she grew up? What did she think of the Goof she later married? Who were her friends? Who was her family? Did he even have any Libertee Pooch relatives? Hell, what job did she have that she apparently \"loved and was good at?\" What were Christmas or birthdays like when she was around? Would she have been proud of Max, upset with him for being embarrassed at his father, overjoyed about being a grandmother? But apart from those hazy memories, there was nothing there in his mind to hold onto like he blocked her out, maybe like he deliberately blocked her out. No don't go there, Max told himself, The way that Dad talked about her, you know she was good and kind. The woman holding you was someone worth remembering. You were just too little. She died when you were too young to remember her, that's all. It didn't make Max feel better to think that way. Instead he felt angry and cheated. Max wiped away the tears from his eyes as he placed the album back on the shelf when an envelope fluttered out of the pages. Max opened it to read the contents. Another official certificate unfolded in front of him, only it wasn't as happy as his birth certificate. He read the title \"Toon Town County Coroner's Office Official Certificate of Death.\" Once again Max read his mother's name and traced his finger along the letters: \"Penelope Glorybee Libertee Pooch Goof.\" He read the coroner's description, so cold and so matter-of-fact about the injuries that she had sustained from a head on automobile collision with another car including internal hemorrhaging, numerous facial and chest lacerations, among others. The coroner's report said that \"Death occurred instantaneously.\" Max's chest constricted as he could almost recall something: He could see bright lights surround Mommy's car and could just hear Mommy's voice yell, \"Maxie\" before he got pushed forward his face smooshed by the driver's seat in front of him. Max shook his head. \"No,\" he said desperately \"That's not what happened!\" He knew it. He remembered it. He and his father waved his mother good-bye like they always did and later that night, his father came into his bedroom and said that Mommy wasn't coming home that she was going to live up there among the stars. Max dropped the death certificate on top of the other part of the envelope. Max's hands shook as he picked it up. It was an insurance report that showed a classic yellow automobile completely destroyed. Max read the caption, as clinical and cold as the coroner's report: Saved for insurance purposes. Automobile Condition: Totalled. Cause of Misfortune: Collision. Occupants: 2; One deceased, other hospitalized. The final words of the document ran through Max like a booming bell: Occupants: 2, one deceased, other hospitalized . The bright lights and his mother's scream once again ran through Max's consciousness. I was in the car with her, Max said , I was there when she died! Max shook his head throbbing his forehead with his hands trying to block out the information that he had just learned and was beginning to recall. He hyperventilated and rocked back and forth. He tried to rationalize these thoughts. After the entire insurance caption just said there was another occupant. It may not have necessarily been him! Maybe he was getting this memory confused with all of the action movies and cop shows that he had seen over the years showing gruesome violent death scenes! Seriously Dad really should have forbidden me to watch them if I'm going to think of stuff like this, Max thought. Max continued to rationalize as his eyes fell on Old Stuffed Bear glancing at him. Suddenly words came to his mind: He kept saying, \"Mommy, Mommy look at me!\" with his mother responding, \"Not now, Max!\" Finally, he could hear his voice whining, \"Mommy, get Ol' Stuff Bear!\" as he pointed under the driver's seat where his friend had fallen. He could just hear Mommy saying, \"Max,\" then becoming angry as she turned around to look at him \"Maximilian, I am trying to watch the road!\" Just then she turned to look at the road and Max could only see bright lights and Mommy's arm in front trying to protect him. Then he could hear Mommy's voice yell, \"Maxie!\" Max felt sick as he dropped the picture. He felt numb for a second as the truth hit him. \"I killed her,\" Max whispered. He coughed and gulped nausea came through his throat. All of his emotions overpowered him at once: grief, sadness, guilt, despair. \"It was my fault she died!\" he said aloud as he ran from the attic. Goofy watched the new Lester's Possum Pals show with his granddaughter while she drew a picture. He couldn't really get into this new style of computer animation. Why did animation companies feel like they had to improve on their creations by animating them this way? Was it all about money? In Goofy's mind, if it wasn't broke don't fix it. Trixie however loved the current Lester show a lot better than the old one. Sometimes she didn't always have the concentration to pay attention to the older program and she clearly loved the bright colors and fast movement. While he didn't like Lester that much at all, Max had his own opinion about the debate between newer and older animation styles. He understood both his father and his daughter's points of view. He liked the older styles because he grew up with him, but was fascinated by the improvements that current programs and movies were doing. Plus as he reminded his father, they were still the same characters and stories that people loved. What did it matter how they were done? Goofy looked downward at his granddaughter's picture, as she put down her crayons obviously finished. \"What's that you're drawing there, Trixie Belle?\" Trixie picked up the paper and showed her drawing in crayons. She pointed at three stick figures. Two were taller, one with dark hair and the other with red. Between them was a smaller stick figure with dark hair. \"That's Daddy and that's Mommy and that's me!\" \"Well I can see that,\" Goofy held Trixie on his lap. He pointed at another stick figure that was taller than the other three with very large buck teeth on the face and big ears. \"Now, who's this here handsome feller?\" \"That's you, Gran'pa,\" Trixie insisted. \"Why so it is,\" Goofy said proudly as he ticked the little girl. She laughed in her grandfather's arms. \"You like it Gran'pa?\" Trixie asked. \"Why that's an art work worthy of my fridge,\" Goofy said proudly as he led her to the refrigerator and proudly placed it on the door with a refrigerator magnet of a grasshopper playing the fiddle. Goofy was about to accompany his granddaughter back to the living room when he heard the attic door slam and could hear someone running downstairs. Having that parental sixth sense, Goofy could sense something was wrong. \"Maxie?\" he asked worriedly. As if in answer to his question, Goofy could see his son running through the house and out the door, coughing and sobbing all at once. \"What's wrong with Daddy?\" Trixie asked worried. \"I don't know,\" Goofy said. Max ran out the door slamming it shut behind him. Goofy knelt down to be eye level with his granddaughter. \"Trixie, could you be a good girl for me and wait in the living room while I go talk to your Daddy?\" \"I'm always a good girl,\" Trixie insisted. \"Even if Mommy and Daddy don't always thinks so!\" \"Yeah, I'd bet,\" Goofy said with a thin smile certainly recognizing that mischievous grin on both Trixie and her father. \"I'll be right back, Trixie Belle. I'm sure Daddy's alright.\" I hope so , Goofy thought. Goofy opened the door to see Max huddled on the walkway rocking back and forth hugging himself across the chest. As Goofy walked closer, he could see that Max vomited onto the ground below. He continued to breathe deeply and gasp out sobs. His face was completely flushed with tears. Goofy didn't know what caused his son to be in this state, but knelt down next to him and held his son in his arms. \"Take a deep breath,\" Goofy said. \"Come on, keep breathing.\" Max rocked himself and vomited once more, but he obeyed his father. He shook as his father held him tightly. \"I know, I'm 30 years old,\" Max said. \"I shouldn't be acting like this! Men aren't supposed to cry like this!\" Goofy shook his head as he held his son. \"I don't know what rule book you got that out of, but that certainly ain't true. You just have a good cry now, son. Just cry it out, whatever it is.\" Max continued to sob in his father's arms. \"Now what's the matter, huh, Maxie?\" For once Max didn't mind his father calling him, \"Maxie,\" \"I can't tell you!\" What would he think of him if he knew that his son caused the death of the love of his life? That he had been responsible for the years that they spent missing her, Goofy shuffling from job to job, and all those years of not being able to depend on just about anything but each other? \"Of course you can,\" Goofy said worried to see his son so out of control, so vulnerable. Goofy had known all along, that Max was emotionally the stronger of the two always trying to be cool, rational, not wanting to give into emotional outbursts. He got annoyed and frustrated, but upon reaching maturity Goofy could never remember a time when his son was too emotional to cope. \"It'll help you feel better.\" \"I just can't, I can't talk about it right now!\" Max said. \"Please don't ask me!\" Goofy nodded unsure of how to proceed. If something upset Max so much and he didn't want to talk about it, how could his father help him? \"Okay, we'll talk about it later,\" Goofy said in a determined voice that indicated that they would talk about it. Max nodded as his father helped him stand and led him into the house. Goofy walked his son upstairs into his old bedroom, lay him on the bed, and covered him up with a blanket. As Goofy closed the door, he came face to face with a three year old girl whose big eyes were filled with worried tears. \"Is Daddy sick?\" She asked. Goofy nodded. \"Your Daddy's just sick and very sad and he's been crying.\" Trixie's mouth dropped open concerned. \"Daddies cry?\" She said as though the thought were unheard of. Goofy hugged his granddaughter tightly remembering how often he cried after Penny died. \"Believe you me, Daddies cry all the time,\" he said as he led Trixie downstairs. Author's Notes: It took a lot of thought wondering what the triplets' current lives would be like upon adulthood, but I was up for the challenge. After I thought of them following the career paths of various relatives, the ideas just sort of clicked. Huey seemed the more businesslike, Dewey the scientist, and I pictured likeable Louie becoming a farmer/veterinarian. I also loved bringing in April, May, and June since I always felt that they were criminally underused in the canon, hardly even shown in any of the cartoons. While I am aware that in 2UAC (and most of the cartoons), the boys are portrayed as a lot younger than Max, I enjoyed the attempts to age them between Ducktales and Quack Pack and wish that Disney had done more with that like they did with Max. See if you can spot the numerous references to various Goofy shorts in the attic. There is also a blink and you'll miss it inside joke about another character played by Pinto Colvig. The dialogue from the phone conversation that Max and Goofy have about Trixie is word for word from a commercial from the late 90s (I don't remember the product) where a young mother is complaining about her daughter to her mother. Some of the lines are directly from that including \"No is her favorite word,\" and the ending bit where the mother says something like \"you have never seen a more trouble making child\" and the older mother looks at a picture of her daughter as a kid and says \"Oh yes I have.\" The comments that Max and the boys make on Christmas are real ones that my siblings and I have made over the years. I credit my brother-in-law for bringing the mondegreen parody, \"Police Got My Car\" to our attention and the MSTie mixing of Scrooged and A Christmas Carol (\"Well I am happy with the path that I have chosen, you little bitch, I couldn't be happier!\") is usually said by me and or all of my sisters when watching any version of Charles Dicken's classic. The reference to the Terrific Trio, Mickey, Donald, and Goofy all being orphaned was based on the thought that even though we see or hear about plenty of their relatives, their parents are often MIA. (Some of the comics, I understand mention Donald's mother and Scrooge's sister and in AGM, Goofy mentions his dad but as far as I know Mickey's parents are never discussed). So it figures that the Disney Missing Parent Syndrome would have started from Day One (or Character One). I hope fans and Disney historians will get a kick out of the names of the Children's Home and its staff. I have to give credit where credit is due and the idea of Goofy being a \"stay-at-home\" Dad while his wife worked was not originated by me. (even though it makes sense considering Goofy's frequent unemployment) It was originally from Cool Steve's wonderful fic, \"The Life and Times of Before and After\" (read it if you want a good cry but bring plenty of Kleenex with you). Also Goofy's mangling of \"my jam\" for \"my jelly\" was from another terrific fic, SosaLola's \"The Reunion at Duckburg\"[Chapter 2] Memories of the Dance We Shared A Goofy Movie Fanfic By Auburn Red Chapter Two: Goofy and Max: What Hurts the Most Max laid in his bedroom a sobbing heap, not wanting to talk to either his father or his daughter when they entered. Every time, he would wipe his tears with the pillow, the accident came to his mind, the lights, the voices especially his mother's \"Maximilian, I am trying to watch the road!\", the force of his body as he hit the driver's seat all came flooding back to him. Then his lip would quiver and he would cry again. Trixie tip toed into her father's old bedroom. \"Are you okay, Daddy?\" she asked. \"I'm fine, Trixie,\" Max said softly. Trixie was about to exit the room when she looked at her Daddy lying in a heap on the bed, his back turned to her. He didn't look like her father at all. He looked weird! She crept to her Daddy and climbed on the bed. She then wrapped her arms around her father and kissed him on the cheek since that's what he and her Mommy always did to help her feel better. \"Will this make you feel better, Daddy?\" Max couldn't respond to his daughter except to say, \"Thank you, Trix. Can you go on please? I want to be alone for a little while okay?\" How could this sweet little girl ever trust him? How could Max ever trust himself with her, knowing what he knew now? He didn't deserve to have Trixie in his life. \"I love you Daddy,\" Trixie whispered. She waited a moment before her father answered, \"I love you too, Trixie.\" She waited for her father to say \"to the moon and back\" like he always did. But when he didn't, Trixie sadly turned from the bed and walked out the door. As his bedroom door closed behind him, a sickening realization swept over Max: Trixie's three-years-old, the same age I was when she died! And Roxanne isn't here what if-?\" Panic filled Max's entire body as he reached for his smart phone and hit his wife's contact number. What if something happened to Roxanne? Would he be able to take care of his daughter alone? Wasn't this what he would have deserved? If his mother couldn't remain in his life, what made him think that his wife would? Roxanne's phone rang three times and Max hoped beyond all hope that his wife would pick it up. \"Max,\" he sighed with relief as he heard her sweet voice, so light and fun loving. She was clearly having a good time at the wedding unaware of her husband's emotional state. Max just listened in silence until her voice called his name. \"Max, are you still there?\" He hesitated, feeling ashamed for having called her. \"Hi Rox, how is it going?\" He said trying to sound casual, but inside he was desperate. \"It's been going great,\" Roxanne said. \"Jill and Luke are such a sweet couple! The reception was hilarious. You should have seen Daddy dance with Uncle Ed and Aunt Lilly-\" She was about to continue with the story when she could hear an almost strangled sound coming from her husband's voice, somewhere between a gasp and a sob. \"Max, what's wrong? Is Trixie alright?\" \"Yeah she's fine,\" Max said softly as he continued to shake. \"Are you okay?\" she asked. No, Max wanted to say, I'm not! Please don't ever leave me! Instead he tried to keep his feelings inside as much as he could. \"Yeah, I'm fine,\" he said as his voice quivered. \"I'm um, just wanted to see if you were okay and everything is alright-\" \"-its okay,\" Roxanne said seriously sounding concerned. \"But it's clearly not with you. What's going on? You're scaring me. Do you want me to come home?\" More than anything, Max thought, but he tried to keep his strength up, tried to deny this feeling was anything but a knee-jerk reaction to his discovery of his mother's death: \"No, don't. I'll be fine. We're doing okay, you know us Goofs. We fall down and get up again. I think we fall down, just so we can get up again!\" Roxanne didn't sound convinced and thoroughly confused and Max didn't blame her. \"Is there anything I can do?\" Do you have a time machine so I can go back in time and stop myself from killing my mother? Max wanted to sarcastically ask, otherwise no. \"No, I'm fine, Rox, really fine. I just wanted to hear your voice. Look, Babe, I have to go.\" \"Alright,\" Roxanne said. \"I love you.\" \"You too,\" Max agreed as he hung up the phone. He no sooner set aside his smart phone than his lip quivered and he sobbed again, flinging himself on the bed. It was later that evening when Goofy opened the door to his son's bedroom. \"Don't you ever knock?\" Max said hoarsely all derision, life, or energy gone from his voice. Instead it sounded dead and hollow. \"I think under the circumstantial, I decided to forget all nice teas,\" Goofy said purposely using the wrong words so his son could correct him or roll his eyes and say something like, \"Come on, Dad.\" In other words so that Max could act normal again. Goofy gently sat down on the bed across from his adult son. He rubbed his back but Max didn't turn around. There was something lost and gone from his son. Didn't that feller from Hanna-Barbara, Yogi Bear say something about \"déjà vu all over again?\" (Maybe it was Snaggle Tooth or Huckleberry Hound). But whoever said it, Goofy remembered that he had reacted the same way after his wife died. He just couldn't fathom why Max was acting this way. He didn't understand what had happened up in that attic that caused Max to fall into such despair. \"Are you okay, Maxie?\" he asked. Max didn't answer his father's question. \"How's Trixie doing? She must have been scared to death.\" \"She's okay,\" Goofy said. \"She's asleep in the guest room and yeah she was pretty scared. Do you mind telling me why she was scared or why my daughter-in-law just texted me asking what was going on with her husband?\" Max winced with guilt, but he couldn't say anything, so Goofy asked. \"Max, you know you can tell me anything and that whatever it is, I will understand.\" Max shook his head feeling like he was a kid again asking for forgiveness for some horrible prank that he had been caught committing. \"I can't,\" Max said. \"You'd hate me!\" \"I could never hate you, Max,\" Goofy wrapped his arms around his son. \"Max, I can't help you if you don't let me.\" Max nodded and sat up. \"While I was in the attic-which I found my birth certificate by the way-I found some things-\" \"-What kind of things?\" Goofy asked. \"Well some photos-\"Max began. Goofy cleared his throat embarrassed. \"Well, Max, it was at your Uncle Mickey's bachelor party and your Uncles Mickey and Donald and me got really really drunk and we-\" \"What?\" Max started-no doubt Goofy didn't really think that this was really why Max was this hysterical, whatever it was that those old guys got up to. He was probably trying to make his son laugh or purposely annoying him. \"No, I meant I saw some pictures of Mom.\" Goofy nodded understanding sort of. \"Well I see,\" Goofy said. \"You were so little and it's hard to see her again-\"Wouldn't Max be more sad and wistful, not hysterical? Something told Goofy that it was more than seeing photos of his late mother that gave Max this reaction. Max shook his head. \"That's not all. I also saw this.\" Max showed his father the photograph of the wrecked car and the caption. Goofy blanched at seeing the photo the memories of his wife's accident filled him once more. Damn Bureau Crazy, he thought angrily to himself, to tell me to keep the accident information for my personal records and damn me for forgetting to throw it out so Max would never find it. He remembered that awful day. It never left his mind. He remembered kissing Penny good-bye in the rain as she was about to leave to get some things at the store including a new pair of shoes for Max. A clap of thunder hit as Goofy hugged his toddler son and kissed his wife good-bye. Penny went over the list out loud. \"So the shoes, milk, eggs, bread, fabric softener-\" \" -Mommy can we go now?\" Max said jumping up and down on his feet excited, Old Stuffed Bear in his arms as always. Goofy and Penny laughed and rolled their eyes, exasperated and amused at their little one's antics. \"-Cereal. I guess that's it,\" she said. \"We'd better go.\" \" Dinner will be ready by the time you get back,\" Goofy promised. \" Is it going to be good?\" Penny asked. Goofy shrugged. \"Well you may want to get the fire extinguisher, you know just in case.\" Penny gently tapped her husband on the shoulder. \"I'm sure it will be wonderful, you silly goof.\" \" Mommy, let's go,\" Max demanded again. \" In a minute, Max,\" Penny said. She turned towards the car and waved good-bye. \" Drive safely,\" Goofy said. \" I will,\" Penny said. \"I love you.\" \" I love you too,\" Goofy said as she held Max's hand and the two entered the car. Goofy chuckled to himself as his wife made a wide U-turn out of the driveway and onto the road barely missing the mailbox as she drove past. He shook his head amused. \"She made it!\" He chuckled. \"And they say I'm a bad driver.\" Goofy wasn't too worried about them until four hours had gone by and neither his wife nor his son had returned. Goofy looked out the window at the evening sky. What could be keeping them? Maybe Penny had run into Minnie or Daisy on the way home and the three had one of their gab sessions. While he knew that the girls were still uncomfortable around Penny, for their own reasons, they were fairly good acquaintances. Maybe that was the reason or maybe Penny had forgotten something else and went back to get it. Goofy opened the pan that held the chicken. Already, the food was getting cold. He placed the lid back on top of the chicken and sat down on the chair, lowering his brow in worry. The phone broke into his thoughts. The house was so silent, that Goofy had jumped about a mile. Goofy was so lost in thought and concern that he didn't realize that another hour had gone by before he heard the phone ring. Five hours since Penny and Max had gone. He reached over and answered the phone. \"Hello, Goof residence. This is Goofy speaking, ahyuck,\" he called out jovially. \" Mr. Goof,\" an official voice that Goofy didn't know answered. Goofy listened as the police officer, a Det. Lucky Piquel (a gruff voice that sounded to Goofy a bit like Pete), informed Goofy that there had been an accident. Goofy sank back down on a chair with a lost stunned expression on his face as Piquel told Goofy the news that had made his world collapse in on itself. Det. Piquel, who even looked sort of like a human version of Pete, showed Goofy the body that had once been his wife. Goofy blinked back tears as he nodded seeing the beautiful red hair that he used to put his fingers through, the lovely mouth that always laughed at his antics or called him \"George\" when she was serious or \"Silly Goof\" when she teased, those big eyes that showed an enthusiasm to observe everyone and everything around her, and those white hands that seemed so small compared to Goofy's huge ones. All of those things disappeared from the corpse that lay in the morgue. Goofy asked Piquel where his son was and the police officer informed him that the boy was alive in St. Nowhere General Hospital in Toon Town. Goofy practically flew into the hospital to locate his child. His sighed with weary relief as he saw his son wide-awake in the hospital room. His nose and face were somewhat bruised and the boy sat up listless and tired, but he was alive. Goofy cried partly in grief for his wife and partly in relief for his son as he held Max tightly and listened as the doctor informed him that his son sustained a concussion from the accident and would need medical attention for the next few days. \"I was in the car with her wasn't I?\" Max asked returning his father to the present. \"The report said that there were two occupants in the car. The other one was me.\" \"What makes you think that, Maxie?\" Goofy asked. \"But it's true isn't it?\" Max asked. Even before he answered, Goofy looked at his father's stricken face and knew that it was. \"Was there any investigation into her death-?\" Max asked. \"I mean she hit another car or the other car hit her-\" Goofy shook his head. \"No, there wasn't. The police said that your Mama and the other car swerved at the same time and that it was just an accident.\" The drivers of both cars had died and no one had the heart to press charges or investigate further. In a way Goofy was fine with that. He was so filled with grief and sorrow for his wife's death, and anxiety for his son's health in the days following the accident, perhaps there was no room in his heart for anger or hatred towards the circumstances causing it. \"Why are you asking this?\" \"After I found the report and Mom's death certificate, I started remembering things,\" Max said. \"Things like lights and voices and other things-That wasn't how I remembered it before. I just remember waving good-bye at her and then you telling me-! Why am I remembering it like this now? Why didn't you ever tell me that I was with her?! Why didn't you ever tell me that I-!\" Goofy shook his head, \"You didn't remember and I didn't want to force you to so I thought that maybe it was better if you didn't. Besides if you couldn't remember, I couldn't forget.\" Those days after Penny's death were like a nightmare that played in a continuous loop. At the funeral, all of Goofy and Penny's friends offered condolences but Goofy could barely hear them. He gave the eulogy when he talked about how much he loved Penny and how he wished he could have had more time with her and even quoted from some of the essays that Penny wrote. Except for the eulogy, he didn't say anything else just held his son close to him. For many days afterward, Goofy just shut himself down. He didn't go outside his home, talk to anyone, or pay attention to anything. The shades were drawn and no light came inside. Instead he just walked around his house in a mindless fog, unable to even commit to the most basic of his daily activities such as eating or dressing. At night he would lie alone in a bed that was made for two, crying himself to sleep and dreaming of a woman that he would never see in this world again. Practically, he knew that he had to get back to life again. Bills had already begun to pile up, some already with mean red \"Past Due\" letters. The mortgage on the house had yet to be fully paid and things were bound to get financially worse now that the sole breadwinner was gone. Goofy would have to find a job and soon. But he could not yet find it in his heart to think about any of this. He couldn't think about tomorrow or next week. All he could think of was this moment and that his one true love had danced out of his life forever. If it weren't for Max, Goofy was almost sure that he would have contemplated suicide just so his grief could end and he could be with Penny. But Max was still in delicate health from the concussion, so Goofy continued to take care of his son. He rubbed the boy's wrists, ankles, and temples, gave him medicine for his headaches, and monitored him for any changes in his health. He checked his eyes to see if the pupils were different sizes, gently roused him when the boy was asleep to make sure that he could be awakened, and kept him from any physical and mental activities that would have been too straining. (He really didn't want Max to go to the funeral at all for that reason, but he was so clingy wanting to be near his father at all times. Besides, Goofy was worried about the stress that the boy would have if he were in the house with a sitter. Goofy allowed the boy to come, but he just kept him by his side.) Because Max was so ill, Goofy wasn't sure how much he understood about his mother dying. He just seemed to take his father's announcement with a quiet exhausted acceptance. As he contributed to care for his son, Goofy gave a silent prayer hoping that God wouldn't be so cruel to take his son shortly after taking his wife. During this time, Goofy's life only boiled down to two emotions: grief for his wife and anxiety for his son. Nothing else remained. Goofy probably would have remained in this black hole of depression if Donald and Mickey hadn't shown up almost two weeks later encouraging him to hang out with them. \" I was thinking we could have a Guys Day Out what do ya say fella?\" Mickey asked in his famous high voice. Goofy sighed, his voice more robotic. \"No thanks. I just don't much feel like it. I still can't leave Max alone.\" \" -I thought you said he's getting better,\" Donald said suspiciously. Goofy nodded. The only time he left the house in nearly two weeks was for a checkup on Max's condition. The doctor said that he had recovered from the concussion and had passed through the worst of it. \"He is,\" Goofy said. \"I just don't know if I can leave him alone just now-\" \" -Ah come on,\" Mickey encouraged. \"Daisy and Minnie said that they'll watch him. They're going to bring Pluto. You know how crazy Max is about him. It's such a nice day.\" He nodded at the sunshine and the warm weather. The kind of day that Goofy would have been out in, with his wife and son. Looking at the sun made Goofy angry. How dare the sun be out, he thought bitterly. It would make more sense if it were raining and gloomy. Mickey continued encouraging his friend. \"You and Max shouldn't be cooped up in the house all by yourselves. It might do you some good to go outside for a little while.\" \" I just don't want to alright?\" Goofy said in a tone that his friends weren't used to hearing from their normally klutzy, mellow, happy-go-lucky friend. Instead it sounded bitter, angry, hurt. It wasn't just that Goofy didn't feel ready to go out yet, but he certainly didn't feel like going out with Mickey and Donald. Goofy was about to slam the door on their faces but Mickey's hand and Donald's foot barred the door from closing. \"Listen, Goofy,\" Mickey said. \"We're really worried about you. We're your friends and we want to help you. I understand what you're going through.\" \" No you don't,\" Goofy declared. \"You don't understand nothing about what I'm feeling right now!\" \" Goofy, if something ever happened to Minnie I'd-!\" Mickey began but Goofy held up his hand to interrupt him. \" -But nothing did,\" Goofy said. That was the truth. He couldn't stand to be with Mickey and Donald knowing that they still had Minnie and Daisy. \"Don't tell me you understand what it's like to see that book she was reading lying on the couch and waiting for her to turn the pages! Don't tell me you know what it's like holding her clothes to your face just so you can smell her perfume again! Don't tell me that you understand wanting to touch her hand, or feel her lie next to you, or kiss her-\"Goofy couldn't continue, because he was so overcome. He continued angry and sad at the same time. \"Half of my life has been ripped out and yours are still here!\" \" So are you,\" Donald said firmly. Goofy looked closely at his bad tempered friend. Donald folded his arms and looked straight at Goofy. \"You're still here! Penny died, not you!\" Goofy's body shook with grief and ire. He actually wanted to punch Donald for saying that. To his credit, Mickey glared at his friend. \"Donald!\" He corrected but then he spoke a bit more evenly. \"What Donald meant but could have said nicely was-\" \" -Don't speak for me,\" Donald held up his hand and walked towards Goofy. \"You're right. We don't know how you feel and I really hope Mickey and I never do! But I also hope that if I ever lost Daisy and I had someone who depends on me as much as Max does you, that I would at least make an effort! You lost your wife, but you also have a son and he needs you and he needs you to show him that it's okay to live again!\" While Goofy didn't exactly leap up with determination after hearing Donald's speech, he did agree to go with them if nothing else because he knew that the two wouldn't leave him alone until he did. Mickey, Donald, and Goofy had lunch and took in a park softball game. Goofy didn't say much, just listened to his friends talk about some of the things that had happened during his depression. He nodded barely listening, and still felt weighed down by his loss. He supposed at least Donald and Mickey were relieved that he was outside. Suddenly a miracle happened or what at the time felt like a miracle. A passer-by accidentally dropped his ice cream cone on Donald's lap and the duck yelled, \"Hey what's the big idea?\" The other person a very large man towered over Donald and sneered. \"What are you gonna do about it, see?\" \" Why you doggone little I-!\"\" Donald threatened him the way he always did and Mickey had to drag his friend away. \" Sorry about that Goof,\" Mickey said. \"Some things never change.\" Goofy thought about his friend's anger and how it was predictable almost comforting in a strange way that Donald had fallen into such a familiar pattern. Remembering his friend's constant outbursts reminded Goofy of the many times when he and Mickey had to pull him out of a scrape or a fight. Goofy's mouth slightly rose at the flashback and he started to smile. Then the miracle occurred: Goofy began to laugh. Mickey started to hear his friend's laugh and even Donald stopped his angry tirade when Goofy added his \"ahyuck.\" The friends smiled as Goofy laughed and laughed. In fact the laugh was so long, that he began to feel sick so he wandered to the men's room. He stood in front of the sink trying to keep from laughing but it didn't work. He laughed as tears fell down his face. He then began to cry. It wasn't the same crying that he had been doing for the past week and a half, the tears of despair and grief. These instead were the tears of release and letting go. He washed his face in the sink and smiled at his reflection. He knew that he would miss Penny forever, but he also knew that he had a life to get back to, a job to look for, and a child that he needed to be strong for: all good reasons to leave his grief behind. When he emerged from the men's room, Mickey and Donald smiled relieved to see their friend's wide grin return. He walked over to his pals, tripping into a park bench and summersaulting on the ground towards them yelling \"Yahahahoeyy!\" \" Yep Goofy's back,\" Mickey said as Donald nodded in agreement. The first thing that Goofy did when Mickey and Donald brought Goofy home was to open the shades and let light back into the house. He was pleased to see Max running happily up to his father and giving him a big hug. He listened to Minnie's report that he had been good and waved at the ladies as they left with their boyfriends and Pluto. \" Maxie,\" Goofy said. \"How would you feel about going on a picnic with me?\" \" Okay,\" the boy called happily. The father and son spent the day together laughing and having a good time. Goofy pushed his son on the swing and spun around on a merry-go-round. The two slid down a slide that was really much too big for Goofy to be on. They had a nice lunch and went home. Goofy smiled glad to see his son return full of life and glad that he himself was. He did a good job of making the boy forget his grief for a little while. Later that night Max skipped to his bedroom window and sat next to it. \"What'cha looking out for there, Maxie?\" Goofy asked his son. \" I'm waiting for Mommy so I can see her when she's coming home,\" Max said. Goofy's heart sank. Maybe he did too good a job at helping his son forget his grief. The doctors told him that because of the concussion the boy would have amnesia for a while afterwards and would forget the traumatic events including his mother's death. \"He may even ask about his mother again, so you will have to tell him.\" Goofy sat next to his son's side unprepared for what to tell him. \"Max, your Mommy ain't coming home again.\" Max looked stricken. \"Why, doesn't she love me?\" \" Aww, Maxie, she loved you more than her shoes,\" Goofy said to his son. \"But she can't come home. She has to go live up there among the stars now.\" \" How'd she get there?\" Max asked. \" Well that's what happens when people die,\" Goofy said. \" But I want her here,\" Max said crying. Goofy held his son tightly to his chest feeling like he had lost his wife for the second time in almost two weeks. \" I know, son, so do I,\" Goofy said. \"But she can't be here with us.\" \" So if she can't be here, can I go with her?\" Max asked. \"If I make myself die, I can go live in the stars and be with Mommy.\" \" No,\" Goofy said that with such force that Max drew back in fear. Goofy shook his son hard and looked at him in the eyes. \"Max, no! Promise me you'll never say that or think it ever again!\" Max gulped and sobbed. \"But I want to be with Mommy.\" \" I know you do, son,\" Goofy said. \"But I need you here with me. I'm awful lonesome without your Mommy and I'd be even more awful lonesome without you!\" Max looked downward. \"I guess I can stay down here to be with you Daddy, so you won't be lonesome,\" Goofy hugged his son tightly as they cried together. Max listened to his father's account of the time after his mother's death. \"That's how I remembered it before. You telling me that you needed me here so I couldn't go live in the stars with Mom. But for a while there, I did remember the funeral but I always thought that it was after that.\" Goofy nodded. \"The doctors said that because of the concussion you may not remember the sequins ordering things and you wouldn't be sure what order things had happened.\" It took a moment of confusion before Max realized his father was saying \"the sequential order of things.\" He decided not to correct him. Goofy wiped a tear from his eye. \"I guess I haven't always been very good at keeping that promise about staying with you so you wouldn't be lonesome.\" Max said remembering their many arguments, Max's embarrassment at being compared to his Dad, and his outbursts at him including the one where he told his father to get his own life. \"You did, Max, you always did,\" Goofy said hugging his son tightly. \"I don't understand,\" Max said hoarsely. \"Why did it happen to her and from a car accident? You've survived worse things! We've fallen down a waterfall; you've hit many things with your car! Hell, I think you fell from the Grand Canyon once and that's not the worst of it! How many of the House of Mouse guests talk about the many things that they survived from! Why them and not her? Why did we walk away and she didn't?!\" Goofy shook his head. \"I don't know, Max, I really don't know! But it does happen and you know that!\" Max nodded remembering that sometimes the guests talked about their parents or other relatives that had died. Sometimes Max shared in the conversation, so he knew that death was not unheard of for people like them and despite what many thought, was not reduced to only one or two ways to cause it. Mother's Day in particular could be a depressing time at the club and Max recalled many a time when a guest would cry into his or her cups recalling their late mother or father. Of course he knew that his dad and Uncle Mickey and Donald were orphans as well and that Minnie and Daisy had lost their parents as well though they were much older than the guys when it happened. \"She would have walked away if she hadn't been in the car,\" Max declared. \"She would have walked away if I hadn't been with her and-!\"\" Goofy shook his son by the shoulders. \"Max, don't be silly! You being in the car had nothing to do with it!\" \"All for a stupid pair of shoes and a dumb bear and she was on the road,\" Max said angrily. Goofy didn't know what Max meant by a \"dumb bear\" but he continued to reassure his son figuring that Max was blaming himself because his mother had to go out shopping for him. \"Don't talk that way Maxie, it just happened. It could have been for any number of reasons that she was out on a day like that. You had nothing to do with her being out there.\" \" I had everything to do with her car hitting the other car!\" Max shouted. Goofy looked at his son in silence as Max continued to speak, his voice choked by his tears. \"I'm starting to remember being in the car with her. I remember calling out to her, 'Mommy look at me,' trying to get her attention because God forbid she look at anything else but me! I don't know maybe she spent so much time at work that I missed her or maybe I was just a spoiled selfish brat, I don't know! So I waved my arms and Old Stuffed Bear fell onto the floor! I tried to pick him up but I couldn't reach him-damn Child Seat-and I asked Mommy to get Old Stuffed Bear for me. She looked back at me and yelled, 'Maximilian, I am trying to watch the road!' She looked at me instead of the road and then there were the bright lights!\" Max gave a bitter laugh through his tears. \"Well, I got her attention alright.\" Goofy rocked his son back and forth while the boy droned, \"It's my fault. It's all my fault.\" Goofy kissed the top of his son's head. \"Maxie, that's not true. It's okay.\" \"I should turn myself in,\" Max said. \"Manslaughter isn't that what they call it? When you cause someone to die but you don't intend to kill them?\" \"Max,\" Goofy said trying to comfort his son. \"It's not your fault. Don't do this to yourself!\" \"Why the fuck not?\" Max practically shouted. \"I probably didn't intend to kill her, but then again maybe I did! Maybe I was a rotten little sociopath who deserved to lose his mother-\" That was as far as he got when Goofy slapped his son hard. \"Max, stop it! You were just a little boy. Nobody would blame you! I don't blame you!\" \"You can't possibly forgive me for this,\" Max said to his father. \"No,\" Goofy said. \"Because there ain't anything to forgive. What happened to your mother was just an accident, a bad luck accident. It is no one's fault least of all yours! You need to forgive yourself!\" \"I don't know if I can,\" Max said sadly. \"All this time I always hated that I never really knew her or anything about her. I could barely see her face and sort of hear her voice, but it's like she was far away or in a fog. Now I know I'm the reason for that fog. Now, my only real memory was how much of a brat I was to her and how she yelled at me and then nothing. I'm the reason that I don't know her and that I never will.\" Max lowered his head as Goofy held his son by the shoulder and hugged him again. Goofy silently entered his bedroom. He waited until Max had cried himself to sleep. Listening to the boy's tirade reopened the wounds of Penny's death and now it was Max not he who was dealing with the grief. Goofy sighed. 27 years and the grief of losing Penny was sometimes still naked and raw as it was the day that he received the phone call. How could he help his son? He truly didn't hold Penny's death against his son; not at all nor more than he held it against Penny, or the other driver, or the rain or anything. The circumstances weren't relevant. Penny died. End of story. Goofy knew that besides blame, Max regretted that he never knew his mother, barely had a relationship with her. Maybe the young man had told himself many times that it didn't matter, that he couldn't miss her. Maybe even fooled himself into thinking that he was alright without her. Now, remembering her death also brought back the abandonment that Max felt and the unanswered questions about his mother. Goofy thought for a minute then snapped his fingers as something came to him. He opened his closet and tensed as he waited for his clothes and other items to fall out. When they stayed put, he shrugged and managed to feel his way through the mess inside. Smiling thinly, he pulled out what he had been looking for: a white box with green ribbons and the name 'Penny' lovingly written in glitter though the \"n\" and \"y\" had long faded with time. He paid no attention as he took the box out of the closet and the other things fell on the floor behind him. Goofy hesitated feeling a stab in his heart as he opened the box. He felt a sense of sadness and longing as he fingered the items inside the box, but he knew that he wanted Max to see it. Goofy knew that it was time that Max should meet his mother. Max didn't say much the next morning. He just ate soup silently even as his daughter chatted amiably. As he ate his soup, he looked downward his hand on his forehead as he stirred the letters thoughtfully. He dipped the spoon into the bowl and out. \"Daddy, can we go to the park later?\" She asked. Max sighed. \"I don't know Trixie,\" he said softly. How could his little girl still love him? How could anyone? \"I don't think so.\" \"But you said-,\" Trixie pouted crossing her arms. Max recognized that look and that voice and knew a first class argument was about to begin from the little girl. \"Never mind what I said,\" Max half-shouted. \"I said, I don't know!\" Trixie looked distraught as her eyes filled. Max instantly felt remorse at snapping at her. It wasn't her fault. \"I'm sorry, Trix,\" Max said. \"Come here.\" He held out his arms and Trixie fell into her father's embrace. Max lifted Trixie onto his lap. \"Come on. That's a big girl. You're getting to be a handful.\" He said as he kissed her on the cheek. \"Enjoying your 'Hi Dad' soup?\" Trixie looked confused. \"What's that?\" Max smiled. \"When I was little, I used to spell out words in alphabet soup like 'Hi Dad,' so Grandpa and I used to call it 'Hi Dad Soup.' \" \"Like what?\" Trixie asked. \"Well, 'Hi Dad' that's a given,\" Max said. \"I also spelled 'Maxie,' 'ahyuck,' 'Bye bye,' and 'I love you.' \"He said the last words with a kiss on his daughter's forehead. \"Can you show me?\" Trixie asked. Max arranged some of the letters in his daughter's bowl. Trixie spelled them out loud carefully. ' H-I-T-R-I-X-I-E', Hi Trixie!\" \"That's right,\" Max said. \"My turn,\" Trixie said. She then spelled out some words on her own in her bowl. Max read: \"I luv Dady\". Max smiled and said. \"I love you too, Trixie.\" \"To the moon and back?\" Trixie asked. \"To the moon and back,\" Max agreed. Goofy ambled downstairs grinning at his son and granddaughter. \"Hi you two.\" He said. \"Hi Dad,\" Max said. Trixie smiled and tried to fit the soup letters on her spoon but some of them didn't work. \"Daddy they won't fit,\" she said. Max smiled and arranged some words on his spoon. \"Grandpa, we got something to show you,\" Trixie called. \"What you gotta show me?\" Goofy asked. He looked down at the words on both his son and granddaughter's spoons. On Trixie's spoon Goofy read: Hi Gra-\"and Max's spoon finished: \"-ndpa.\" \"Hi Maxie, Hi Trixie,\" Goofy said with a fond grin. \"Max, could you come upstairs for a minute,\" Goofy said. \"I got something to show you.\" \"Sure,\" Max said. Goofy glanced down at his granddaughter knowing that they may be up there awhile. \"Trixie, you want to watch a movie?\" \"Okay,\" Trixie asked. \"Can I watch Zootopia and Big Hero 6?\" Goofy nodded. \"Sure,\" he said remembering what Hiro, Nick, and Judy said about the film versions of their stories. That they were mostly accurate, but some slight liberties were taken. Curiously, Max followed his father to his old bedroom. On his bed lay a white box with green ribbons. Written on the top were the letters \"P-E-N\" and some faded letters in green glitter. Max sat down next to the box touching it like it was a holy relic almost afraid to open it. \"Is this about Mom?\" He asked. Goofy nodded. \"After she passed on, I put some things of hers in here, some reminders, photos, a scrapbook, and some other things that reminded me of her.\" \"How come I never saw this before?\" Max asked. He wasn't angry that his father never showed it before, just confused. \"We moved a lot, I never saw you take it out.\" \"I moved it with a lot of my things,\" Goofy said. \"I wanted to show it sooner, but every time I took it out well-I just felt-\" Max understood. He felt grief every time he looked at it, so he never did. Maybe Goofy wanted to keep a part of his wife for himself. \"What's in here?\" Max asked. \"Well you'll never know if you don't open it,\" Goofy encouraged. Max opened up the box to see various items lay haphazardly inside the box. He first pulled out a green bow and ribbons. \"Your Mama used to love green,\" Goofy said. \"It was her favorite color. She wore it all the time, even when she wore other colors she always had a green ribbon in her hair or a pin.\" \"She must have loved St. Patrick's Day,\" Max said. Next Max pulled out a small paperback book of Modern Poetry. He opened the front cover and saw the index card holder revealing that it was a long past overdue library book. He read the table of contents recognizing some of the poets like W.B. Yeats, T.S. Eliot, Stevie Smith, H.D., ee cummings, Ezra Pound, and Dorothy Parker. \"She loved to read,\" Max said. \"I would always find her with her nose in a book usually liked them old classics and poetry. She also liked to read the newspapers and find out everything she could about anything and kind of like to show off her knowledge a bit.\" \"That must have been annoying,\" Max said. \"Nah it became a game with us,\" Goofy said. \"Whenever we were watching the news or something and like there'd be something say the politics of Thembria for example, she'd say 'Well things have been unstable since the war of 19 whenever and their leader, Col. Spigot, is a big tyrant and a dodo bird and has been since…' on and on. She'd have gotten a kick out of the Internet knowing that she could find out all of that information with just a click of one of Mickeys relatives.\" Max smiled slightly as he took out a photo that showed Goofy dressed in a fancy blue suit holding the hand of a woman in a long light green dress with a blue barrette tying her hair back. Her back was turned to the camera but Max could tell she was his mother. \"She was so beautiful and smart and had the most wonderful personality,\" Goofy said. \"She probably could have had her pick of a hundred guys.\" \"And she chose you,\" Max quipped. \"What was wrong with that woman?\" Goofy glared at his son, but couldn't stop the smile coming to his face. He was glad to see his son's snarkiness returning, because that was a sign that he was going to be okay. \"I admit I asked myself that every single day,\" he said. \"She always said that I made her laugh. She had the greatest laugh and I just loved to hear it. I would do things just because I knew she would laugh at them.\" He held up another photograph of Penny this time more casually dressed in a long green dress, her red hair down to her shoulders. Her mouth was open wide to show that she had been laughing at something. Max then took out a ticket stub for a disco. \"She used to love to dance almost as much as I did. We would dance the night away to ABBA, KC and the Sunshine Band, Earth, Wind, and Fire all the greats.\" Max didn't say anything, but the terms \"great\" and \"disco music\" were contradictions in terms in his mind. \"She also loved romantic soft rock songs. I remember many a time where she would hold you and would sing something from Carole King, Carpenters, or Carly Simon or someone like that.\" He showed his son a program for a Screwball Comedy Film Festival. Max looked at some of the titles, some of which he knew: It Happened One Night, Bringing Up Baby, His Girl Friday, My Man Godfrey, Some Like It Hot, and others. \"Your mother loved a good romance or comedy movie. The funnier the movie, the happier the ending the better she like it. Perhaps that's why she loved this big adorable goof you see here.\" He pointed at himself. \"I'm just one big walking screwball!\" \"No argument here,\" Max said dryly. He then saw a blue ribbon from a Toon Town Elementary Field Day. \"Your Mama told me when she was little that she was something of an athlete and used to love to run and play soccer,\" Goofy said fondly. \"I didn't see that myself, because I guess her parents didn't really want her to get involved in sports or something. They thought it was unlady like or something. But she did like to jog and in the mornings or whenever she was upset about something she would go for a long walk or a run to clear her head.\" Max looked down confused at the next picture. It featured a young girl, obviously Penny, but she was with two other girls that Max certainly recognized. \"That's Aunt Minnie and Aunt Daisy.\" Goofy nodded. \"She was friends with them when they were little girls kind of like how I was friends with your Uncle Mickey and Uncle Donald.\" Max was confused. \"How? I mean they never said anything. They never talked about her that much. I always was under the impression that they didn't know her that well, that she was kind of a 'newbie' to your group.\" Max didn't elaborate but figured that his aunts and uncles behaved how many members of a tight circle of friends did: They liked her, but they didn't know her that well and just thought of her as \"Goofy's wife\" rather than a friend in her own right. Goofy scratched his head. This always confused him as well, but he tried to explain it as best as he could. \"I don't rightly know myself. But from what I understand, your Mama's parents didn't care much for Minnie and Daisy so they made her stop being friends with them.\" \"Why did her parents do that?\" Max asked. When Goofy spoke next, his voice was bitter. \"I'm not really surprised that they did. Her folks were really rich and didn't approve of anyone who was not part of the hoi polli,\" He pronounced the term 'hi 'Polly.' \"They didn't care for me very much neither. Didn't think I was good enough for her. They wanted me to stay away from her.\" \"What assholes,\" Max grumbled. \"Right, but your Mama was nothing like them,\" Goofy said. \"She stuck to her principles no matter what. She really had a strong sense of fairness and what was right and wrong. She once said that she always felt guilty that when she was growing up, she had so much and others had so little, so she wanted to write and stand up for them.\" \"So she was a writer then,\" Max asked. Goofy took out a small scrapbook and opened it. Max saw that a lock of his mother's red hair hung from one of the pages. He gently brushed against it. It felt smooth to the touch. Goofy pointed at the articles inside the scrapbook. Max looked at the titles and authorship, all written by Penny Goof. The articles had titles that spoke of things like union strikes, racism, and sexism, social programs to aid victims of homelessness and poverty, and other causes. Max read the first paragraph of one of them that spoke of a family that would soon be on the streets: \" Ada wondered if her family's three story white house was haunted. 'I used to search the attics and closets for ghosts,' the six-year-old said. 'Now I wonder if the ghosts will be lonely without us' Now, it is Ada's family who will be haunting another location, because they are one of the many families soon to become homeless….\" \"She was a news reporter, one of the best,\" Goofy said. \"I used to cut out all her articles and put them in this little book. She had such a gift for writing and letting people live through her words. I remember she'd always been writing in her journal.\" He snapped his fingers and reached down at the bottom of the box. \"In fact, you might be interested in reading this.\" He pulled out a small burgundy leather bound book with gold lined pages. Max opened the cover which the inscription read: \"My Journal By Penelope Pooch.\" Max also noticed that the \"-nelope\" later had been crossed out and an \"ny\" had been added to the top and that a hyphen and the name \"Goof\" had obviously been added later than the other words to her name. \"If you really want to know about your mother, maybe you ought to hear it from her,\" Goofy suggested. Max opened the first page and read the opening line: \" I just had to sneak out again.\" Goofy nodded getting the feeling that his son needed some alone time with his mother, so he stood up. \"I'll look in on Trixie,\" he offered. Max nodded as he looked up from the book and leaned back on his bed. \"Dad,\" Goofy turned to hear his son's voice. \"Thanks.\" He said. Goofy nodded. \"You're welcome, Maxie.\" He then walked downstairs as Max opened the journal and began to read. Author's Note Det. Lucky Piquel from Bonkers has a cameo/guest appearance as the police officer who informs Goofy of Penny's death. Goofy's observation that he looks and sounds like Pete is a reference to the fact that they are both played by Jim Cummings. Just to be clear, Penny died before Donald adopted the nephews, so Donald saying that he didn't have anyone to depend on him the way Goofy has Max was true at the time. I thought it was a nice bit of foreshadowing for Donald to say all of that, plus I can imagine Donald doing the more forceful \"Bad Cop\" routine trying to pull his friend out of his despair. This is the second time that I have written a story in which a Jason Marsden character is filled with guilt and despair and confessing to a funny light-hearted absent minded character about his involvement in a death or near death to someone close to him. (In my Boy Meets World fic, \"What it Takes\" Eric Matthews' friend Jason Marsden confesses that he considered smothering his two young children with a pillow and committing suicide instead of leaving a homeless shelter and returning them to a life on the streets). Maybe the voice is really good to picture for dramatic dialogue. Maybe Marsden just has that guilty look about him. Thembria and it's \"tyrant complete dodo bird\" of a leader, Col. Spigot are from Tale Spin. Considering that Tale Spin is set in the 1930s that's pretty amazing that Spigot has been the leader for so long! He's the Fidel Castro of animated dictators! :D[Chapter 3] Memories of the Dance We Shared A Goofy Movie Fanfic By Auburn Red Chapter Three: Penny's Journal: That's As Close As I Get To Lovin' You \" I just had to sneak out again. I couldn't stand another of Mummy and Daddy's parties to introduce me to potential suitors. I felt like I couldn't breathe, so I opened my bedroom window, inched down the drain pipe and the creeping vine. Now, I am here in this café writing in my personal thoughts instead of attending a dinner party in which I am to entertain Bradley Uppercrust II-\" -Max read that name with a start. Bradley Uppercrust II, no doubt the father of Bradley Uppercrust III, Max's college rival! He had no idea that his mother knew the family. He shuddered at the thought that if the dinner party went the wrong way, Bradley and Max could have been brothers! Max continued to read- \"- Bradley seems more interested in his reflection than in anyone else. The last time we spoke, he talked so incessantly about his father's business, millions which he will inherit and their family dynasty, I whistled \"You're So Vain\" to him, which he didn't get. Of course Bradley probably missed the irony and would think the song really was about him. This, ladies and gentlemen, is the man my parents want me to marry. Bradley isn't even the worst of them, the worst of the people that I am often surrounded by and suffocate me. I know it would seem strange to grow up in a house with 14 rooms and to feel suffocated. I have a life that many would envy: a large home, plenty of clothes, always the latest toys and electronics. But the truth is, I want to escape it all. My parents are always trying to turn me into a perfect rich society lady with the perfect rich society husband and have our perfect rich society children. They think that I am going to university to get not an English degree, but an MRS degree. This morning Mummy even said, \"Darling you are so featherbrained that you couldn't possibly find any sort of employment beyond being someone's wife.\" In this café, I am reading a chapter of Jane Eyre, but really it just isn't doing anything for me this time. Perhaps, I wonder why a governess like Jane would want to love a wealthy man like Rochester. Some days I identify more with Bertha Rochester, the mad wife in the attic, imprisoned by her family and always looking outside. I don't think that I can read anymore so I will write instead. I don't have any friends that I can talk with. The few people that I do know are the children of my friend's parents and aren't really mine like the Catterly Sisters, Margeaux and Adelaide two catty (pun not intended) sisters who look down on others and spend a great deal of time mocking anyone who isn't in our stratosphere (which is everyone else according to them). These girls are nothing like the two best friends I ever had. The ones-But I can't think about them anymore. Mummy and Daddy forced them out of my life. Don't miss them, Penny, just don't. Most of the people that my parents hang out with are members of the Status Seekers, club for the wealthy elite which is concerned about being wealthy and gaining further status. The only member of their circle that I really like is Scrooge McDuck, not a Status Seeker but wealthy enough to be invited anyway. That's because his stories about his adventures like panning for gold in the Yukon, or searching for buried treasure including the Lost Treasure of Cali Baba, fascinate me. My parents often invite him, but whenever Mr. McDuck speaks at these gatherings, Mummy and Daddy raise their eyebrows, and snicker behind their closed mouths, the \"fake polite\" face when they are amused or annoyed by someone and don't want to show it. Sometimes Daddy and Bradley even imitate Mr. McDuck's accent when he isn't in ear shot. Perhaps they look down on Mr. McDuck because he is a self-made millionaire and they inherited their wealth. I have a feeling if it weren't for his tremendous wealth, my parents wouldn't glance at him either way. It's rather lonely to not be able to talk to anyone but this book which I just bought and my teddy bear, Bloomsbeary. I know it's kind of immature to be 19 years old and still have a teddy bear and I certainly know that the Catterly Sisters would never let me hear the end of it, if they find out. But, he's been my friend since my family trip to London when I was six and I saw him at a small toy store in Bloomsbury. He's always been there for me and is the only relief from my loneliness. Sometimes I am surrounded by so many people and I feel so alone that I want to scream but I don't think anyone would hear me. Or if they did, Mummy would tell me to keep the noise down. I wonder if I disappeared forever would anyone care to look for me?-\" -Max hung his head in empathy for his mother and shame. He remembered the many times when growing up in trailers and moving around a lot with his dad, he would envy other kids who had the cool toys and wondered what it would be like to live in those big houses. He always thought how terrific it would be to be rich and not to have to worry about where their next pay check would come from or watching his father collect toys from charity toy drives or buy second hand clothes that he realtered and resized so they would appear new. He wondered what it would be like to go on vacations instead of his father taking out the backdrop to make it look like they were going camping. Growing up his mother had everything that Max ever wanted, but she was miserable. She never had anyone to talk to except a stuffed bear and her journal. She didn't even have parents that loved her and accepted her for who she was. Max breathed a silent thanks for his father and how he always supported him and never made him feel like he was anything less than the best.- \" -I look around at the people eating and sometimes I enjoy making up little stories about them. I see an older couple, a white female dog in a pink dress and hat and a black male dog in a blue suit. They sit on the booth across from me, talking quietly his hand on hers. I think that they come to this café every week because it's where they first met and they like to recreate their first date. There is a businessman, a fox in a trench coat eating quietly and reading. He has a sad expression on his face. I wonder if he is dreaming about a lost love, maybe the One That Got Away or perhaps she died. Either way, he still misses her and now he only lives for his work to fill the empty void in his life. There is a small group of friends talking and laughing in the corner. They look about my age. A couple of them look familiar, almost too familiar. I am curious so I see an empty booth right next to them and want to sit there. I am right! The two were who I thought they were! The mouse woman in the blue dress and blue bow in her hair could only be Minnie Mouse and the duck woman in a pink dress and pink bow has to be Daisy Duck! I smile at seeing my old friends and long to go up and reintroduce myself. Then I remember when I waited outside my birthday party for my friends to arrive. It was my seventh birthday party. Daisy and Minnie skipped up the sidewalk with presents for me. However, Duckjoy, our butler stood in front glaring at the two girls telling them that \"they were not to attend Miss Penelope's birthday party.\" My friends just looked stricken. I longed to go outside and apologize and say that they can come in and of course they are invited. Mummy then stepped outside and explained further, \"My daughter does not wish to be associated with such riff raff as yourself!\" \" We are not riff raff,\" Daisy insisted angrily. \" We are her friends, Mrs. Pooch,\" Minnie said politely. \"And she invited us.\" My mother glared at the two girls like they were insects. I knew when she had that look she always got her way. \"She invited you without the approval of myself and her father. Please leave, she no longer wishes for you to be her friend.\" Minnie looked sad like she was going to cry, but Daisy looked angry. She put her arm around Minnie's shoulder and shouted loud enough for me to hear. \"Well we no longer wish to be her friend either! Penny's the Riff Rafff!\" My mother glared at them. \"Do I have to call a police officer to have you escorted from the premises?\" Daisy continued to glare hotly, but Minnie held her hand. \"Come on, Daisy. Let's go.\" Minnie and Daisy walked off the porch and I never saw them again. Slowly, after Minnie and Daisy left my parents began the transformation from Penny Pooch to the Frankenstein's Monster that is Penelope Glorybee Libertee Pooch (Probably soon to be Penelope Uppercrust if my parents and Bradley have their way). My parents moved me from the public elementary school to the Lady Tremaine Private School For Fine Young Ladies. I was no longer permitted to go out for sports because it was unladylike. If I had any acquaintances, they had to be preapproved by my mother and father. My mother even paid to have my nose fixed so it would be smaller, my teeth straightened and the buck teeth removed, so I would be more attractive. (\"Really you were such an awkward gangly thing, no man would have wanted you.\") The only bit of rebellion that I have is sometimes I sneak books that my parents don't approve of behind their backs. My father once caught me with an anthology of feminist poetry and short stories and he gave me a whipping because he thought the book was \"too subversive over what the proper role is for a woman.\" I didn't stop reading them, I just got better at hiding them. I think that's why I love to read and write. I love how those great poets and novelists captured such emotions with their words. I also love reading essays and books about issues like \"Letter From A Birmingham Jail,\" \"Silent Spring,\"\"Hiroshima,\" \"The Diary of Anne Frank,\" and others, writings that made great change in the world. Sometimes these books are the only escape and rebellion that I know. I sit on the booth behind Minnie and Daisy's friends. So far they don't see me. Part of me wants to speak to them, greet them by name and apologize. Another part withdraws into myself shyly, out of fear. I wouldn't blame them if they never spoke to me again, so I hide and long to make myself invisible so they don't see me. I am so ashamed over how my parents treated them. I missed them so much, the only real friends I ever had, but I am too afraid that they would reject me. I should have stood up for them, but I didn't. Any rejection that they give me would be more than deserved. A strange laugh breaks from my thoughts. It sounds like a gulp and someone saying something like \"ahyuck.\" It's sincere and charming and it almost makes me laugh just to hear it. I look over my seat and try to make myself hidden. The laugh is coming from Minnie and Daisy's table. They aren't alone. They are with three men and one dog. One a male mouse with a high voice and dressed in red and black is doing most of the talking. He gives a sausage to the orange dog that wags his tail happily. The male mouse starts talking about a baseball game that he and the others participated in. \" Bugs and his friends never knew what hit 'em,\" he boasts proudly. \"Even if he did try to play every position.\" \" Well at the very least, that was unfair,\" Minnie says. The male duck who is dressed in a blue sailor suit said something which I really couldn't understand but it sounded like it ended with \"the show off.\" Judging by the mouse's nod of approval and the others laughter, it sounded like they are talking about this Bugs. \" The best part though was the seventh inning stretch performance between Mt. Ducksuvius here,\" Daisy says pointing at the duck. \"-and Daffy. Donald, you really could control your temper.\" Donald, I guess that's his name, starts quacking angrily. I think he is saying, \"He started it.\" \" I thought we was gonna have to pull you two off each other, \"said the other man, a tall gangly black dog dressed in blue pants, green shirt, black vest and a long marrow-bone fedora. I can tell from his voice that he's the one who had the charming laugh from earlier. \"Especially when he thought you called him a-\" \" -I said-\"Donald says a word which at first I thought was inappropriate but then I realized that he said \"doggone little.\" He was clearly offended that someone would even assume that he would say the other word. He then softened. \"But thanks for sticking up for me.\" The tall man chucked him on the shoulder. \"Hey no one says anything like that about my pal and gets away with it.\" \" And how about Minnie scoring that home run?\" Daisy says pointing at her friend. \"Good job.\" \" That's why she plays with us,\" The mouse says. \" Oh Mickey,\" Minnie says sweetly as Mickey kissed her. \" I can still see Bugs and Daffy's faces when Minnie made it,\" the tall man said. Mickey and Donald's mouths drop open and they look upward, their eyes widened in surprise. I guess they are imitating Bugs and Daffy. Donald even mouths a couple of phrases like \"son of a bitch,\" and \"they're despicable\" probably what Bugs or Daffy mouthed when Minnie scored the home run. The others laugh particularly the tall man. He gives a long deep \"ahyuck\" laugh the same one I heard. I couldn't resist. The laugh is so cute, charming, and contagious-\" - -Max shook his head not believing that his mother would have said that his father's laugh was cute or charming. \"She must have been really in love,\" Max thought with a sigh as he continued. \" -that I laugh right along with them before I can stop myself. I just want to say that I hate my laugh. Oh it starts out alright, up and down like a music scale. But then if it becomes uncontrollable like now, it always ends with a hiccup and a snort. I get embarrassed whenever I do it so I try not to laugh very much. I cover my mouth hoping no one heard that-\" - And there it is,\" Max quipped remembering that his father said that his mother had the greatest laugh. Of course two people with the weirdest laughs in the world would gravitate towards each other. \"It's kind of a cute in a weird, sick sort of way.-\" \" It's too late now. Minnie and Daisy look upwards, both in surprise. My only hope is that they don't recognize me. \"I know that laugh,\" Minnie says. She cranes her head to get a better look at my booth. \"Penny? Penny Pooch! Daisy I think it's Penny!\" Daisy also cranes her head over the booth. \"It's been almost 12 years but I think you're right!\" \" Come on,\" Minnie jumps up to take her hand. \"Let's go say hi!\" Daisy pulls her hand away. \"You say 'hi!' Remember how she treated us?\" I can tell she's still angry. I feel sad over the loss of a deep friendship that might have been between the three of us. \" Come on, maybe she's changed,\" Minnie says. \"We'll never know if we don't try.\" I feel shy and awkward around them, hoping for some untimely way of escape. I don't know what to say to them. Oh it's too late now. Here they come!...\" \"… It's been a few days since I wrote in this journal for a very good reason. I didn't have it for a long time but so much has happened since then. Let's see, I last left off when Minnie and Daisy walked over to me at the café. Minnie screamed my name and gave me a big hug. \"It's good to see you again! You look different,\" She said. \" Is that good or bad?\" I asked shyly. \" You look great,\" Minnie said. \" So do you,\" I said. \"And so do you, Daisy.\" \" Thanks,\" Daisy said. \" You should come sit with us,\" Minnie invited. I hesitated, but Minnie led me towards the others. She indicated the mouse next to her, \"Guys, this is Penny Pooch an old friend from elementary school-\" \" -Sort of,\" Daisy muttered. Minnie walked me over to her friends. \"This is my boyfriend, Mickey Mouse.\" \" Hello there,\" Mickey said shaking my hand. \"Any friend of Minnie's is a friend of ours. This is my buddy, Pluto.\" He indicated the dog lying on the ground that leaped up at me all over my white blouse and green knee length skirt.. I stepped back nervously, but Pluto was so friendly that I couldn't resist scratching his head. \" Pluto that's not nice,\" Mickey admonished. \" Oh that's okay,\" I said. \"He's seems friendly.\" I noticed that Pluto got some dirt marks on my blouse but I ignored it. Pluto then licked my face. I gave a small laugh, but stopped before the awful snort began.. \" This is Daisy's boyfriend, Donald Duck,\" Minnie said. Donald also shook my hand and said something that sounds like \"It's nice to meet you, miss.\" But Daisy glared at him, so he stepped back. \" And this is Goofy,\" Minnie said pointing at the large man. Goofy stepped on his friends' feet as he walked towards me. He held my hand in brief silence, but leaned down. \"Goofy, Third Wheel at your service! An-chanty, mad-moi-sill,\" he said as he tried but missed getting the air next to my hand. \"Uhh, I mean-\" \" I know what you meant,\" I said smiling. Goofy then held a chair inviting me to sit. I sat, but Goofy pushed it too far and I landed on the ground. \"Oh I'm sorry Miss,\" Goofy said. He helped me stand. I laughed. Goofy is so polite and adorable, even when he is being awkward. \"It's okay,\" I said, even letting out an embarrassing snort. It's refreshing how natural Minnie's friends are. \"I've seen it happens in movies, hundreds of times. It's interesting to see it happen in real life.\" I said. Instead Goofy led me to the booth where he seated me between himself and Minnie. It was a tight fit with all six of us and Pluto on the outside, but we managed. Goofy's knee and mine touch each other. \"So, how long-\"I said at the same time that Goofy says, \"So what are you doing-\" We looked at each other and I felt a blush creep up. \" So what have you been doing with yourself, Penny?\" Minnie asked. \" Oh, um I am a sophomore at Elias University,\" I said. \" What's your major?\" Mickey asked politely. \" English,\" I answered. \"I love to read and write.\" It was hard for me to talk to these people as kind as they were. I felt out of place with them. I cleared my throat. \"What about all of you? Are you in school or anything?\" \" Well we are, sort of,\" Minnie began, \" What are all of you studying,\" I asked curiously. Minnie pointed at herself. \"Well I am studying Business Administration with a dual major in Cosmetology and Fashion Buymanship. Someday I'd like to run my own boutique.\" I remembered. \"I know you always liked your clothes and wearing your hair bows.\" \" She still does,\" Mickey said. \"As for me, I'm studying Filmmaking and Entertainment Management. I would like to some day run a club or a theatre like Kermit the Frog does with his friends so we can perform and make people happy. My friends and I, we make these cartoons and movies and we'd like to show people.\" \" I wanted to go into the Navy,\" Donald said. \"Still do eventually, but right now I'm learning Seamanship and Navigation. I'd love to be a sailor and go on adventures like my Uncle Scrooge does.\" \" Scrooge McDuck,\" I asked. Donald nodded. \"I met him a few times. He does have some interesting stories.\" \" Someday, I'm going to live them,\" Donald vowed. \" I'm studying Broadcasting so I can be a TV reporter,\" Daisy said. She pretended to hold up a microphone and said. \"This is Daisy Duck with all the latest news!\" The friends laughed and I turned to Goofy. \"So what are you studying?\" I asked. \" I'm studying to be a general!\" Goofy said proudly. Donald rolled his eyes. After a while I am starting to understand his speech somewhat. I suppose you just have to listen to him. \"For the last time, Goofy, you aren't studying to be a general! You are taking general basic classes!\" Goofy slapped his knee. \"Shucks, that's what I said.\" Donald shook his head angrily and muttered \"oh boy,\" \"oh boy,\" while the others rolled their eyes and smiled like they expected an argument between the two. \" Anything in particular you're interested in?\" I asked him. \" I don't rightly know yet,\" Goofy said. \"I guess I'll know it when I find out what I'm studying for. Guess it'll come to me.\" \" Well you'll have a lot longer to decide anyway, fella,\" Mickey said. I looked confused, so Mickey explained. \"We're working our way through school, so we're taking only a few classes at a time.\" \" That's impressive,\" I said admiring them and I do. These guys know what they want to do with their lives and made their own decisions. They are even willing to work for them. Even Goofy in his uncertainty that the right career will come along for him. My life has been programmed for me and I have no idea what I want to do yet or even if I want the life that has been planned for me. I think Daisy interpreted my words and silence as sarcasm so she got on the defensive. \"Yes, we all don't have rich relatives to pay our way through school.\" Donald looked stunned. \"Hey Uncle Scrooge won't pay for my schooling. He says I have to earn my way like he did!\" \" I wasn't talking about you,\" Daisy said. \" Daisy,\" Minnie said shocked nodding in my direction. \" No,\" I said. \"She has every right. Minnie, Daisy, I owe you both an apology. My parents had no right to make you stop being my friends. I'm sorry that they did that and I'm sorry that I didn't argue with them. I missed you both and I would really like it if we could be friends again.\" Minnie held my hand. \"Well I'm willing,\" she said. Daisy crossed her arms but then lowered them. \"Well I guess I could try,\" she said. An unwelcome voice interrupted our conversation. \"Miss Penelope, your parents have been looking everywhere for you,\" I look up to see Duckjoy glaring at my new friends. \"You must come along with me.\" \" I'm talking to my friends, Duckjoy,\" I said. \" Well your time is up,\" our butler said. \"You'd better come along, Miss Penelope.\" Minnie stood up. \"We were just catching up with Penny and we'll return her-\" \" -That is Miss Penelope to you, Miss Minerva,\" Minnie blushed. Clearly Duckjoy remembered her. He sneered at the others. \"As well as to all of you.\" I cower in embarrassment. \"Miss Penelope, I do not wish to get your father involved.\" I lowered my head and then attempted to rise. Goofy stood up with me and knocked me down. I bumped into Minnie, who bumped into Mickey, who bumped into Pluto, who bumped into Donald, who bumped into Daisy and down we fell like dominoes. \" Well that was intensely stupid,\" Donald said sarcastically. \" Oops,\" Goofy shrugged as we all stood at once, Goofy helping me to rise. I looked into his eyes and he looked into mine. There is something sweet and honest in them and I'm not sure what else. Is it loneliness? Sadness underneath the humor? \" Miss Penelope,\" Duckjoy interrupted. They stepped aside so I can follow him. I felt like a prison escapee caught by the warden to return to a longer prison sentence. He looked me up and down particularly at my dirty blouse. I also noticed my panty hose has a run in the knee. \"I shall have to report this to your mother.\" I returned home to a very frosty welcome with my parents and Bradley. \"Really, Penelope,\" said my mother. \"Must you look and dress like a wild thing? Your blouse is dirty and your hose has run. Where on earth have you been?\" I was about to explain when my father interrupted. \"It does not matter, you have made a fool of us by being late for your own dinner party.\" \" We are truly sorry for our daughter's foolishness,\" my mother said to Bradley. Bradley snickered. \"Oh that's alrigh, Millicent, I should be used to this behavior by now from your daughter.\" My mother pointed upwards. \"Penelope, go upstairs and return dressed.\" I tensed. The way my father looked told me that he might whip me, regardless whether we had company or how old I was. I lowered my head and walked upstairs. On my way up, I overheard my father say to Bradley, \"My apologies, Bradley. As you can see Penelope can be rather willful and spirited.\" Bradley then spoke in a tone that made me quake with fear. \"I have ways of dealing with that, Reginald.\" It wasn't until I returned to my bedroom before I realized that my journal was missing….\" \"… ..The next day I walked downstairs to smell fresh paint. I recalled that my father wanted to have our ballroom repaired and painted for my upcoming birthday party so he hired a group from Ajax Home Repairs to work on it. I am surprised that I know the house painters. Mickey looked up from where he placed blue paint on the wall, when he saw me. \" Oh howdy, Miss Penelope.\" He then whistled to his friends. \"Fellas, we got company.\" Donald, Goofy, and Pluto looked up and grinned. Goofy leapt down from his ladder and his foot landed right smack dab into the paint can. \"Gawrsh,\" he said. \"That's a strange place to put a paint can.\" He then tipped his painter's cap and bowed. \"Nice to see you again, Miss Penelope.\" \" It's nice to see all of you again,\" I said. \"But you may call me Penny. Never mind what Duckjoy said.\" I scuffed my toes shyly unsure of how to proceed. \"What are you guys doing?\" I asked. Donald rolled his eyes. \"We're knitting a sweater,\" he said sarcastically. I was about to apologize feeling stupid at asking such an obvious question when Goofy interrupted. \"I didn't know we was knitting! Good thing I brought my knitting needles and my yarn!\" He reached into his pocket to pull out needles and yarn. \" Goofy, do you understand sarcasm?\" Donald asked slapping his forehead, his hand moving down his beak. \" I don't understand what you are sayin' half the time, Donald,\" Goofy said. Donald rolled his eyes. \"I'd have trouble learning a new language like Sarcasm.\" I glance over at Mickey who shakes his head. \"Don't worry, they're like this all the time.\" He then answered my earlier question. \"Well remember that we told you that we're all working our way through school?\" I nodded. \"Well this is what the three of us are doing for now, well among other things.\" \" What are Minnie and Daisy doing?\" I inquired. \" They work at Mortimer's department store,\" Mickey said glowering at the name of the department store with good reason. \" Mortimer Mouse?\" I said with a shiver. Mickey nodded and sighed. \"Unfortunately.\" \" My condolences,\" I said. Mortimer Mouse is another friend of my parents, obnoxious, arrogant, and sexist are the kindest words I can say about him. The only good thing about him is my parents never tried to set me up with him. Maybe he's too obnoxious for them, but he inherited his family department store so he's in the club too. \" Oh Miss Penny-\" Goofy said. \" Just Penny,\" I corrected him. \" Miss Just Penny,\" Goofy said again. I have no idea if he was kidding or not, but he reached into his pocket and pulled out an item wrapped in cloth. \"You dropped this the other day.\" I opened the cloth to see this book. I was surprised that he returned it to me. \"Thank you. You wrapped it up.\" Goofy said shyly looking downward. \"Well I didn't want no paint to get on it.\" I blushed equally shy. \"You didn't read it or anything did you?\" Goofy shook his head. \"Nope I didn't read one word, not even the part where you said my laugh was cute, charming, and contagious.\" My mouth dropped open mortified at my privacy being violated like that. But before I could say anything more, Goofy interrupted. \"And Mis- Penny, just for the record, I think you have a pretty laugh too and it ain't at all embarrassing.\" I smiled at Goofy's words as I felt faint. To retain some normalcy to the situation, I apologized and ran upstairs to return my journal to my bedroom. I waited upstairs for a few minutes, holding my hands to my cheeks feeling them redden. I was embarrassed and exhilarated thinking about Goofy. Despite my better judgment, I returned downstairs to join Goofy and his friends. I entered the room as the guys continued painting a light blue on the walls. Pluto also painted using his tail as a brush. \" That's a lovely color,\" I said. \" Well we thought it made a nice contrast to the primer,\" Mickey said. \" It's very lovely,\" I said. I walked closer to where Goofy painted. He was whistling a tune and then started singing a bit under his breath. \"Up and down, up and down. That's the way to paint up and down.\" He nodded at me. \" May I try it?\" I asked. \" Well sure,\" Goofy said. He put his hand in mine and placed the brush into it. He then gently moved my hand up and down while we painted. \"See up and down, up and down. That's the way to paint up and down.\" He said. \" Up and down, up and down,\" I sang along with him. He then sang a song softly to me, \"The world owes me a livin.\" While Goofy sang and he continued to lead me to paint, I saw Mickey, Pluto, and Donald out of the corner of my eye. Donald shook his head and rolled his eyes and he snickered. Pluto guffawed rolling on the floor. Mickey shushed them, but he too hid a smile behind his hand. \" You're a natural,\" Goofy said. \" Thank you, Goofy,\" I answered. I looked in his eyes. Many probably wouldn't consider Goofy handsome in a conventional sense, but he just has this look of pure kindness, honesty, and generosity. Those qualities make him handsome in my opinion. I stepped back, \"Well I guess I'd better get going. I wouldn't want your wife or girlfriend to get the wrong idea.\" \" Oh I ain't married, no girlfriend, never had one,\" Goofy said. \"They're the lucky ones.\" He nodded at Mickey and Donald who smiled at their friend, teasing him but I wonder if they weren't also happy for him. I wonder why he never was romantically involved with anyone. \"Never ever? I wonder why,\" I covered my mouth realizing I said that out loud not to mention it was none of my business. I stammered. \"I mean I can already tell, you're sweet, kind, and gentle-\" He shrugged. \"I don't rightly know. I guess I was never that lucky in love before.\" \" Before?\" I asked. Goofy cleared his throat as he let go of my hand. He was about to raise his hand possibly to tip his hat, but held up instead the one with the paint brush which he then ran along his forehead. \"Oops,\" he said. He then was about to point the paint brush at me, but then placed it on the ladder. \"Don't want to get your clothes dirty again,\" He said then walked towards me, \"Penny I was wonderin' if you would do me the honor of-\" His foot then got caught on the ladder and he tumbled right into me and we fell into each other. \" I'm sorry,\" Goofy said at the same time that I said, \"Are you alright?\" \" Yeah are you,\" Goofy asked. He cowered probably thinking that I would be mad. I laughed hysterically. Despite Goofy's best efforts, my whole front was wet with paint. He struggled to get off of me, but we tumbled on the ground again laughing. We stopped to catch our breath as Goofy said quickly. \"So will you go out with me?\" I was about to answer when I heard a shocked voice gasp, \"Penelope Glorybee Libertee Pooch!\" I looked up to see my parents glare at me ashamed and at Goofy, Donald, and Mickey like they were insects that deserved to be squashed. \"Get up from the floor, young lady!\" My mother hissed. I rose up and Goofy with me. \"We have spoken before about how you should not fraternize with the help not to mention the fact that you have dirtied yourself once more!\" \" I'm sorry Mother-\" I began. \" -It was my fault, Mrs. Pooch,\" Goofy said. \"My foot slipped and I bumped into Miss Penny.\" My mother glared. \"Well I appreciate your candor Mr. Goof, but that does not solve the mystery of why our daughter Miss Penelope-\" She emphasized my full name.\"-was even down here in this room in the first place!\" Daddy glared at Mickey, Donald, and Goofy. \"Mr. Mouse, Mr. Duck, and Mr. Goof, I believe that your services will be no longer required.\" I could hear Donald say in his distinct voice to Goofy, \"Way to go!\" Goofy shrugged and hung his head glumly. Mickey stepped forward trying to be even tempered. \"Well alright sir, we will send you an estimate of the work that we have done so far-\" \" -Fine,\" My father said through clenched teeth. \"Send it in the mail!\" I knew my father would find a way not to pay it. He likes to put things over on people who work under him, because he thinks that many people in the lower classes are stupid and uneducated. My mother grabbed my arm so hard that I felt like it would fall off. \"You are not to see that boy nor his friends again!\" \" Mother I am 19 years old-\" I began. \" And until you are 21 or married, you are our responsibility and under our command,\" Mummy declared. \"With the way you are behaving you will reach the former before the latter.\" She then shoved me upstairs and pushed me into my bedroom. Later that night while eating supper, Duckjoy entered the dining room. \"Telephone call for Miss Penelope.\" I was confused and wary. Who would call me? Then I rolled my eyes figuring that it was Bradley. I sighed and answered the phone in the main room. \"Hello, this is Miss Penelope Pooch,\" I began. \" Hi Penny,\" said a familiar cheerful voice. \"It's Goofy, you know the feller that bumped into you and spilled all the paint-\" \" -I know who it is,\" I said politely. I guess he thought that I would forget all about him. How could I? \"I'm sorry for the way my father treated you.\" \" Shucks, that's alright,\" Goofy said. \"My friends and I are used to jumping from one job to another. I called because you never answered the question.\" \" Oh the estimate,\" I said thinking that they were still discussing business. \"Well I'm sure that your time and duties will be itemized accordingly.\" \" Nah, not that either,\" Goofy said. \"You never answered whether you would go out with me or not.\" I blushed. \"Really you want to after what happened with my parents?\" \" Well I ain't asking to go out with your parents am I?\" he asked shyly. \" No,\" I said. \" If you like, we can start on a group date, you and me, Mickey and Minnie, and Donald and Daisy. Shoot, even Pluto has a lady friend, Fifi.\" In those words, I could feel that same sense of loneliness in Goofy that I saw in his eyes and I remembered how he introduced himself as \"Goofy, Third Wheel.\" He was lonely and perhaps sad that his friends were with someone and he was not. \"Of course I will, Goofy,\" I said. \"If you like I can meet you at the café where we first met, Friday night at Seven.\" \" Friday it is,\" Goofy agreed. \"I'll put on my glad rags and my best smile!\" I laughed and said. \"I'll look forward to it.\" \" Me too. Oh I'll even show you that sweater that me and Donald was knittin' at your house,\" I laughed knowing that sarcasm really did miss Goofy by. Goofy said. \"I have to go now.\" We said good-bye and hung up. I looked at the phone, \"Glad rags?\" I said out loud with a smile. I don't know at this point what my feelings for Goofy are. All I know is someone strange and unique has wandered into my life and something tells me that my life will never be the same again…\" \"… .I told my parents that I had a Friday night class, so I was able to go out with Goofy and the others. The first date was a lot of fun. We all went to a disco and danced to the latest music: \"Get Down Tonight, \"Play That Funky Music,\" \"Lady's Night,\" \"I Will Survive,\" \"The Last Dance,\" all the others. Even Pluto and his \"lady friend,\" a Peke named Fifi were able to dance the night away. I'm afraid that Minnie and Daisy got a bit competitive on the dance floor, but they ended up okay and Mickey and Donald danced really well with them. Surprisingly despite his clumsiness, Goofy actually is a really good dancer! We were able to coordinate ourselves to each other's moves until by the end, we were in a synchronous beat with each other. It was a good night with a lot of laughs and good times. I think I could get used to this group. Mine and Goofy's second date was more memorable. It came about because Goofy walked me home the first night, we came near the driveway of the house. I told him to let me out so I would be far from where others could see me. I made a casual comment that Goofy knew about my family and he's seen my house and I didn't know anything about his. He smiled in a way that I could almost describe as enigmatic. \"You want to know about me and my friends, you'd best watch our movies…..\" \"….The next night was spent watching Goofy's friends' movies. I visited the apartment that Goofy, Mickey, Donald, and Pluto all shared while Goofy welcomed me inside. (The others were out with their girlfriends). I remembered that when we first met, Mickey said something about how him and his friends made cartoons and movies. I wasn't quite sure what to expect. Probably some amateurish movies made with a hand held camera showing vacations, school days, holidays etc. It was nothing like I expected! I never laughed so much in my entire life! The cartoons and movies that Mickey and his friends made seemed professional! They were edited and had titles to them. I saw so many different scenarios and hilarious scenes. There were Mickey, Donald, and Goofy hunting ghosts, cleaning clocks, reenacting Jack and the Beanstalk. I saw Goofy pretending to be a knight, a jungle explorer, and playing various sports including gymnastics, skiing, football, and soccer. I laughed so hard that I fell off my chair quite a few times. After he finished one called, \"Goofy and Wilbur,\" I paused to catch my breath. \"Could you play 'Knight For a Day' and 'The Art of Skiing' again?\" I asked. \"Those were my favorites.\" \" As you wish, miss,\" Goofy answered and he played the films once more. \" Where did you learn how to do this?\" I asked. Goofy shrugged as he shut off the projector. \"Well, Mickey, Donald, and I met at the Iwerks Children's Home. We used to get ourselves in quite a few tight spots with Mr. Oswald, our director and Mrs. Ortensia, his wife. One day Mr. Oswald had enough of our pranks and fighting and he just handed Mickey a movie camera and said that if we were going to cause trouble the least we could do is cause trouble on film. Them and Miss Alice, who also worked at the home, worked for a movie studio when they were younger so they had a bunch of props and costumes and stuff lying around so he more or less told us to go to town. He also told us about editing, storyboarding, creating titles so they could be actual movies. Some of these are stuff that really happened to us like the clock cleanin', but others are just stories that we made up.\" \" Wow, that's great,\" I said. \" Yeah, Donald and I like doing it, but Mickey really loves it,\" Goofy said with pride. \"He'll be a great director or theatre owner someday.\" He then took down a picture from the mantle and showed it to me. He pointed at the human woman. \"That's Miss Alice.\" He then pointed at a male rabbit and a female cat. \"That's Mr. Oswald and Mrs. Ortensia.\" The photo was in black and white. I could see Mickey down in front wearing shorts, his ears and nose were a lot longer. I recognized Donald wearing the sailor suit though his beak was a lot longer. Being taller than the others, Goofy stood in the back dressed in a vest and the long fedora. I looked closely at the picture. They were smiling, but I looked at Goofy's face as he told me. I could feel that loss instantly. \"That must have been awful to be raised in a children's home.\" Goofy shrugged. \"It wasn't bad. Mr. Oswald, Mrs. Ortensia, and Miss Alice were real nice and I would never have met Mickey and Donald if I hadn't been there. Losing my Dad was much harder.\" He lowered his head sadly and sank down on the sofa next to me. \" We don't have to talk about it if you don't want to,\" I suggested putting my hand on his shoulder. \" No, it's alright,\" Goofy said. \"My Mama died birthin' me, so it was just me and my Dad for a long time. We lived in Spoonerville for a time, but we used to travel everywhere looking for work. We didn't have a lot of money, but we had a lot of fun. We went to lots of places, Yosemite, Yellowstone, Grand Canyon. Our favorite place was Lake Destiny, you ever been there?\" I shook my head. \"It's this great fishing spot in Idaho. Dad and I had the greatest times there just him and me. Someday if I'm ever lucky enough to have one, I want to take my son there.\" He sounded so sad and wistful. \"What happened to him?\" I asked. \" He took sick and never recovered,\" Goofy said plainly. \"'He passed on when I was 10, I felt like I lost my best friend. After he passed on, my granddad, I always called him \"Pop\" took me in, but they said he was too senile. So they sent Pop to an old folk's home and me to the Children's Home.\" My eyes filled with sympathy for him. \"I'm so sorry.\" It never occurred to me that such a sweet kind man could be filled with such tragedy already in his life-\" \"-So am I Dad,\" Max said. He never knew that much about his father's childhood. He knew that Goofy was close to his father, but never knew how he died or how old Goofy was when it happened. He also never knew what happened to his grandmother, Goofy's mother. Max wondered how his father felt being sent out alone in the world at such a young age when the one person that you could depend on was gone? Maybe an angrier person like Donald or Max, shuddered at the thought, like himself would use that as a reason to challenge the world to fight anyone and everyone in their path. Goofy however took everything with light and optimism. It filled Max with puzzlement, but also admiration for his father's peculiar strength in that while he could be surrounded by darkness-the deaths of his parents and his wife, frequent unemployment and poverty, the rebelliousness of his son- he could take everything with a grin and pure love and feeling, because he chose to. Because he believed that things would get better. That was probably what Penny connected with, Max reasoned: Goofy's hopefulness.- \" -Don't be,\" Goofy said kindly. \"You didn't have nothing to do with it. Besides, I still remember my Dad really well and all the good times we had. Mickey don't even remember his folks that much. They died in a fire at their farm in Marceline when he was about six. His sister was a lot older and she took care of him for a little while, but after she got married and had babies, she couldn't afford to take care of him too. So off he went. Donald, well, he don't talk about his folks very much, but when he does I don't think he got on with them, especially his Dad. He grew up in a bad section of Duckburg, and I think they were killed. The way Donald talks he makes it sound like it was his Dad's fault like he lost his temper with someone. So, Donald and his sister, Della lived with different relatives: aunts, uncles, grandparents but for different reasons they never seemed to stay very long with anyone. I mean, you met Donald right?\" I nodded. \"He don't even get on with his sister, Della, and they're twins. I guess compared to him and Mickey, I'm lucky.\" I smiled. \"So you formed a family with Mickey and Donald.\" \" Yeah, I guess,\" Goofy said. \" What about Minnie and Daisy?\" I asked. \" Well Minnie and Mickey have known each other since Mickey lived with his sister,\" Goofy said. \"And I guess they'd been promising to get hitched ever since they were 8 or 9. I'd only known Daisy since we was in 9 th or 10 th grade but her and Donald have had a thing for each other since then.\" \" And they've appeared in your movies,\" I said. \"I noticed that they appeared in some of the ones you showed me, especially Minnie.\" \" Oh yeah we all have,\" Goofy said. \"You know you could be in them too.\" I laughed and shook my head. \"Oh no no no. Not me.\" \" Why not?\" Goofy teased. He pretended to shine the film projector on me. \"All you do is let the camera point at you and act silly.\" I shook my head. \"No, I couldn't. I get terrible stage fright. The second the camera is on me, I pale and completely stammer. I'd stare at the camera the whole time.\" \" Well we could always film you from the back,\" Goofy suggested. \" I'd be embarrassed,\" I said. \"I'd make a complete fool of myself and feel stupid.\" Goofy leaped down from the projector. \"I never worry about that. I fall down all the time,\" He tumbled off the projector as if to prove his point. \"And I definitely make a fool of myself, but I never feel stupid.\" He led me up by the hand and turned on the radio. The song, \"Blue Bayou\" played. Goofy took me by the arm and danced with me. He held me closer and put his lips on mine. The kiss was sweet and romantic. Part of me wanted it to last forever, but another part of me was terrified. I drew back. \"I'm sorry, I have to go back home,\" I stammered. \"My parents would miss me.\" \" I'll take you home,\" Goofy offered. He sounded disappointed that the night was over. Between this book and myself, so was I. When we pulled up before the driveway, Goofy held the door open for me and led me out. \"Goofy?\" I asked. \"I learned so much about you tonight.\" \" I'm glad,\" He said. \" Goofy-,\" I paused. \"Is that your full name?\" \" Nah, my given name is George,\" Goofy said. \"Actually my full name is George Geef Goof. Everyone just calls me Goofy.\" I smiled. \"Good-night, George.\" He smiled back. \"Good-night Penny.-\" -The ring on his smart phone broke Max from his reading. Max was so caught up in reading his mother's journal that he didn't realize what time it was. He looked out the window and saw that it was late afternoon, almost evening. He answered the phone. \"Hello…Yes this is Maximilian Goof…Yes, I'm Roxanne Canis Goof's husband,\" Max paled as he listened to the voice. Goofy and Trixie had finished watching Zootopia when Max entered downstairs. When he looked at his father, Goofy almost didn't recognize him. He was so ashen and pale. He walked down in a daze. \"Max, what's the matter?\" Goofy asked wondering if Max discovered something in the journal. When Max spoke next, he sounded quiet and monotone like his voice came from far away. \"I got a call about Roxanne. Apparently, she left the wedding early and there on the highway, well um her car…She got in an accident. She's not.. but she's in the hospital.\" Goofy sprang up and grabbed his car keys. \"Let's go,\" he said. He led his son and granddaughter out the door. Max only stopped long enough to tell Trixie to put her jacket on as they followed Goofy into the car. Author's Note The Status Seekers was a group in one episode of Ducktales that Scrooge tries to join but refuses when he finds out the club doesn't like his friends and family. The name of the butler Duckjoy is a play on the name, Lovejoy, David Warner's character from Titanic. The school Lady Tremaine's School for Fine Young Ladies is named for Cinderella's stepmother. The name Elias University is a tip of the hat to their founder, Walter Elias Disney. With the exception of Goofy, all of the gang's majors are based on careers that they have had in various sources: Mickey from House of Mouse (he owns the House and is referred to as the one who actually directs the cartoons that they show), Minnie from Minnie's Bow Toons (She runs Minnie's Bow-tique), Donald from Ducktales (of course his naval career and he has always had a lot of sea imagery around him like in 1UAC when the boys make him a sail boat from their wooden sleds), and Daisy's from Quack Pack (She is a TV news reporter and always seemed flashy). Goofy's comment about \"If you want to know about me and my friends, you'd best watch our movies\" is similar to one that Charlie Chaplin said when people asked him about his private life. I improvised a lot in describing the guys' orphaned backgrounds, their time at the Iwerks Children's Home, and their families. Since there appears to be no set \"canon\" to their back stories, I just sort of made it up as I went along. Since Goofy talked about his Dad in AGM and hardly his mother I just inferred that his mother died when he was really young, maybe in childbirth. Mickey's rural background is suggested not only from the early cartoons where he lives on a farm but Walt Disney's own. In fact the name of the town where Mickey's parents lived, Marceline is the same name as the Missouri town where Walt was born. Because of Donald's bad temper and Della's presumed flakiness, I always figured that they did not have happy childhood. As far as I know Roxanne does not have a last name, so I gave her the maiden name of Canis since it's the Latin word for dog.[Chapter 4] Memories of the Dance We Shared A Goofy Movie Fanfic By Auburn Red Chapter Four: Goofy and Max: Don't Take The Girl Goofy, Trixie, and Max ran into the hospital room with continuous speed. To Max it reminded him of the time when he had a nightmare at Pete's house and his father practically jetted from his house to Pete's just to comfort him. The Goof family ran to the waiting room outside the OR where another family waited for them, a large burly red-haired male dog, a small thin red-haired female dog and a younger female red-haired dog. Max panted as he approached his in-laws, \"Hi, Betty, Kimmy, Rex. How is she?\" Rex, Roxanne's father, stood up and glared at Max in his intimidating stare. Despite his anxiety for his wife, Max stepped back and smiled weakly. Clearly the father- and son-in-law were not yet over that hurdle. Betty Canis stood up to approach her husband and spoke holding his hand. \"Calm down, Rex, it's alright. He's worried about her too,\" she eased her husband who's eyes went from anger to wide and tearful. \"He has as much right to be with his wife as we do.\" Betty sat her husband down as Rex beckoned for his granddaughter to approach him. Trixie ran up to her Grandpa Rex and fell into his arms. Rex gave her a big hug and bounced her on his knee. Betty then faced her son-in-law. \"Hi Max\" She nodded at the operating room. \"Right now, they're working on her. They said that her spine and brain suffered damage upon impact. She's in cri- well right now they're working on her, so that's all that we can hope for.\" Max hugged his mother and sister-in-law to comfort himself as well as them. They also hugged Goofy who whispered assurances that Roxanne will be alright. Max sank down sitting next to his father. \"What was she doing out on the road?\" He asked aloud. Kimmy shrugged as she looked up from the text message that she just sent. At 18, she just started college studying forensic science. Roxanne was a great deal older than her and it almost seemed like Kimmy was an only child for how far apart their ages were, twelve years. They had a typical sibling relationship, one of teasing and fighting, but also one of love and support. In fact, Roxanne seemed almost like a second mother to her little sister giving her advice on dating and academics. When Kimmy came out of the closet, she told Roxanne first. Her sister was immediately understanding and supportive. She helped when Kimmy told her parents, bringing them especially their conservative, gruff, but loving father around. She welcomed Kimmy's girlfriend, Pistol, to the family considering her another sister and treated her the same way that the family (well at least Betty and Kimmy) treated Max. Kimmy knew that she had to help her sister and one way is to find out what exactly happened to her. \"We don't know,\" Kimmy said. \"One minute, she was talking on her phone and the next she told us that she was going home. I mean it was late about 8:00 and the drive was so long, five hours. We told her to wait until tomorrow, well today I mean. But she was determined to leave. She seemed upset about something and she didn't tell us what, just that she had to go home. They thought that she may have nodded off at the wheel.\" Kimmy's words rang through Max's mind: One minute she was talking on the phone and the next she told us she was going home…..She seemed upset about something and she didn't tell us that just that she had to go home. Max's breath caught in his throat and his hands shook. He knew why Roxanne was on the road. It was me! He thought. Because I called her. She was so worried even though I tried to convince her I was alright. She was so worried that she felt that she had to come home. The irony of the situation would have made Max laugh except it was so terrifying. He was so worried that something COULD have happened to Roxanne that he ended up inadvertently causing something TO happen to her. Max gripped the seat so tightly that his knuckles turned white. He stared at the operating room where even now doctors were working on his wife. He kept staring at it, using all of his will that she would survive. He almost felt that if he thought hard enough that Roxanne would live from the surgery and if he broke his concentration even for a second, she would die. Let it be me, not her, Max prayed in his mind. Take me instead. She doesn't deserve to be here. I do. Goofy looked at Max and wrapped his arms around his shoulders. Max didn't know if his father made the connection about what caused Roxanne's accident, but he held his son's hand. \"She'll be okay, Max,\" Goofy said. \"You can't be sure of that Dad,\" Max said hollowly. \"You of all people can't be sure of that. You don't know that she'll wake up.\" Goofy hung his head sadly. He knew what Max is talking about. He would have loved to tell Max that Roxanne would recover 100% and that she and Max would grow old together and would sit in their rocking chairs watching their grandbabies. But Goofy knew that may not happen. After all, he wanted that for himself and Penny and it didn't happen. All he could do was support his son. \"I don't know that for sure, son. All I know is what I feel and I feel that your wife is going to wake up and that she'll be okay.\" Max lay his mother's journal on the table. \"You must have really liked it enough to take it with you to the hospital.\" Goofy nodded at the book. \"It was in my hands when I got the call,\" Max said softly. \"I guess I just held on to it.\" \"Did you learn about your Mama?\" Goofy asked. \"Yes I did,\" Max said. \"I learned about her….and you.\" Goofy looked at his son in surprise as Max continued. \"I didn't know how your Mom and Dad died. You were on your own and you still tried to be hopeful and optimistic and strong. Did you ever think about them, miss them?\" \"All the time,\" Goofy said. \"Sometimes I felt sad missing the Mama I never knew, wondering what it would be like to have a Mama with me to heal my boo boos, comfort me when I had a nightmare, or to give me a cuddle when I felt sad. When I told my Dad this, he just hugged me and he said, 'Your Mama gave you your life, but you gave me mine.' After he died, I promised myself that as long as I lived the way your Granddad taught me, then I was honoring his life and maybe hers too.\" \"You were really lucky,\" Max said. \"To have a father that loved you. I mean Mom didn't and-God, how could they treat their daughter the way they did? Did they ever have any feeling for her at all?\" Goofy lowered his head. He remembered when he told Penny's parents that she died and their response was a cold, \"Our daughter has been dead to us long before that car accident.\" Goofy shook his head not wanting to believe, even to this day, that somebody could be so heartless especially about their only child. \"I don't know, Max. Sometimes some people were just born to the wrong parents.\" He hugged his son tightly as Max thought. \"You weren't the only one who was lucky to have a good father.\" Max said. \"No matter how I may act towards you. I know that I wasn't born to the wrong parent.\" Goofy gave his son a tight shoulder squeeze. \"Max, sometimes the only thing a father can give to their son is hope. I am giving you the hope that your wife will wake up and will walk out of this here hospital.\" Max's eyes shook and he winced. He wanted to remain strong in front of his in-laws, his daughter, and his father but he felt his strength beginning to ebb. Goofy continued to hold onto his son giving him all of the support that he could. \"Is Mommy going to die?\" Trixie asked. She had leapt off her Grandpa Rex's lap and approached her father. This was the second time that she saw her Daddy so sad. Max looked at his daughter as if for the first time. Trixie didn't deserve to be burdened with worry. She deserved to think only the best positive thoughts. Max held out his arms as Trixie timidly approached him. Max wrapped his arms around his daughter and rocked her back and forth. \"Of course not. Mommy's going to be okay,\" He said as he kissed the top of his daughter's head. \"Mommy's okay.\" As Max rocked his daughter back and forth whispering words of comfort, Goofy smiled at his son and granddaughter. \"You and I aren't the only ones lucky enough to have a good Daddy.\" He nodded at Trixie. Max smiled as he held his daughter even tighter and gave her another kiss. The Goofs and Canises waited for what seemed like hours. Trixie had fallen asleep on Max's lap. Max himself had practically nodded off and leaned on Goofy's shoulder when he felt his smart phone vibrate. Max blinked and looked up forgetting for a second where he was. Oh yeah the hospital. The phone vibrated again almost impatiently. Max wearily shifted his three-year-old daughter off his lap then gently moved her towards Goofy. \"I have a call,\" he said. \"Could you watch her for me?\" Goofy nodded and gently lay his granddaughter on the seat and lay her head on top of his lap. Trixie blinked a little bit but fell back to sleep laying on Goofy's lap. Kimmy watched Max confused. She didn't know what was going on with him. She saw his expression when she mentioned the phone call. He looked upset and guilty, but not surprised. It was like he knew. Kimmy picked up her purse and took out another smartphone, different from hers. Instead of purple, it was light blue. Roxanne had left her phone behind at the reception. Kimmy had forgotten about it until she saw Max rise to answer his phone. Kimmy flipped it on to see a wallpaper of Max, Roxanne, and Trixie. Kimmy smiled at the happy family and flipped on her sister's contact information. She flipped through \"received calls,\" and saw one number that seemed familiar that was placed at 8:00 PM, the same time Roxanne left the wedding for home. Just to be sure, Kimmy pushed the \"call\" icon and heard a familiar voice on the voicemail: \"Hi this is Max Goof, I can't come to the phone right now….\" Max saw the contact information: Pete, Peter Jr. He sighed knowing full well what P.J. was calling about. They were supposed to create a news video for Max's promotion interview. They had been talking about it and brainstorming ideas about it for days. Max realized how far away the past few days had seemed from the rest of his life. There was nothing like learning about your mother's death and your wife's car accident that made a work promotion seem less important. Max heard his best friend's voice over the phone. \"Max, what's going on over there, man?\" Max instantly apologized. \"Oh, Peej, I'm sorry about the video. I know we agreed to work on it, but some things have come up since then and I-\" \"What? No, I don't care about that,\" P.J. said. \"How could you not tell me about Roxanne? How is she?\" Max started. Okay, while it may have been a matter of public record, for the most part news did not reveal the names of accident victims unless the family was notified. Well okay they were notified. So how did P.J. know? Max was about to continue when P.J. went on. \"And I had to hear about it from my sister, not my best friend!\" \"How did Pistol know?\" Max asked. \"Kimmy told her,\" P.J. explained. Max rolled his eyes. \"Why doesn't she keep her big mouth shut?\" \"Hey, don't take it out on Kimmy,\" P.J. said. \"She's worried about her sister as much as you are. Pistol was comforting her and she thought I already knew. So why didn't you tell me?\" \"I'm sorry, Peej,\" Max said sarcastically. \"I have been in this waiting room since-\" He looked at his watch. \"4:00 this afternoon. I'm trying to be a rock for my daughter, my father, and my in-laws. I am worried sick about my wife and haven't heard anything about her condition. My first priority was not to contact my friend!\" \"I'm sorry, Max,\" P.J. said. \"I'm just worried about you. You're my best friend and Roxanne is my friend too. You should tell me when something like this happens so I can be there for you. That's what friends do.\" \"You're right,\" Max sighed. \"I am sorry.\" \"So how is she?\" P.J. asked. Max explained what he knew about Roxanne's condition which amounted to not much. P.J. sighed. \"She'll be okay man. She seems vulnerable and fragile, but she's a lot stronger than most people think she is.\" \"I know, P.J.,\" Max said accepting his friend's compliments towards his wife. \"She'll pull through,\" P.J. said. \"Thanks,\" Max said. He looked at the waiting room. \"Look I have to go. I don't want to leave them too long.\" \"I understand,\" P.J. said. \"Please keep me and Passion posted.\" \"I will bro,\" Max said. The friends said good-bye and hung up. Max was about to return to the waiting room when Kimmy stood in front blocking his path and holding up his wife's smart phone. \"Where did you get that?\" Max asked. \"My sister left it at the reception when she left because of her 'very important emergency!' Guess what or who it was about?\" She asked sarcastically. \"Is it bigger than a breadbox?\" Max asked. Depends on the breadbox, he thought. \"I checked Roxanne's contact information,\" Kimmy said. \"Someone had placed a call to her at 8:00 right before she left. You'll never believe who it was.\" \"I'm going to guess since you aren't talking to anyone else about it-\" Max began but Kimmy held up her hand. \"What did you call my sister about and why did she leave so upset?\" Kimmy said. Max shrugged. \"I don't know. We talked and she asked if I wanted her to come home and I told her no-\" \"-Why,\" Kimmy asked. \"Why would she be so worried? Do you have a girlfriend that she found out about?\" \"What do you think of me?\" Max asked. \"Believe me, Max. You don't want to know right now,\" Kimmy glared. \"What was she so upset about?\" \"Nothing,\" Max said. \"I found out something and I just called to see how Roxanne was.\" \"What did you find out?\" Kimmy asked. \"It doesn't concern you,\" Max answered. He was about to head to the waiting room to be with his daughter and father when he heard Kimmy mutter under her breath. \"I guess anything to remove your guilt.\" \"What do you mean by that?\" Max angrily asked. \"Do I have to connect the dots for you?\" Kimmy countered back. Max looked at her squarely. \"She wouldn't be on the road if it weren't for you!\" Max practically shook with anger. Mostly because he had been telling himself this all day. In front of sympathy, Max could be brave. In front of blame, Max wasn't prepared. It was as though, Max's unconscious thoughts took the form of his sister-in-law. Max wanted to agree with her, but he also wanted to gain control of the situation by denial. \"You don't know what you're talking about.\" \"Whatever you told her was not worth her life,\" Kimmy sneered. \"My sister doesn't have to be here!\" Max whirled around and faced his sister-in-law squarely. \"She didn't have to come here! No one forced her and I certainly didn't ask her to! She made her choice! I had nothing to do with it!\" Kimmy glared back. \"Why? So you don't have to take the blame? Max, it's your fault that she's here in the first place!\" Max raised his fist, ready to punch Kimmy's lights out, female or no when he heard a familiar voice, \"Max, Kimmy keep yer voices down! We're in a hospital!\" Max dropped his fist and he and Kimmy turned to Goofy. \"Sorry, Goofy,\" Kimmy said at the same time as Max said, \"Sorry, Dad.\" Goofy looked from his son to his daughter-in-law's sister. \"Whatever you have right now against each other ain't as important as Roxanne! There is a time and place to get mad and this ain't it!\" Max and Kimmy both glanced at Goofy visibly ashamed. \"Now I'm sure you're both worried about her, but there ain't no reason to be fighting each other. I came to tell you that the doctor came out of surgery.\" Max and Kimmy followed Goofy to the waiting room where a surgeon appeared dressed in green scrubs. \"Roxanne has been through her surgery. She sustained spinal and brain injury which we have been able to repair.\" \"Is she-?\" Max asked not wanting to finish this thought. The doctor sighed. \"She's alive but she's still in a coma. We moved her to an intensive care room. We won't know the extent of the damage until she wakes up.\" \"But she will survive,\" Betty asked in her husband's arms. \"She's not out of the woods especially while she's in her coma,\" the doctor said. \"Right now it's a waiting game.\" Max waited patiently outside Roxanne's intensive care room while her parents and sister were inside talking to her. His eyes winced as his vision of his wife became blurry through his tears. Kimmy's words came back to haunt him: She wouldn't be on the road if it weren't for you… Whatever you told her was not worth her life…. Max, it's your fault that she's here in the first place!. He also thought back to his mother's death. His image of her yelling, \" Maximilian I'm trying to watch the road!\" mixed with Kimmy's accusation: \" It's your fault that she's here in the first place!\" Once again, he was responsible for the death or near death of someone that he loved. He barely acknowledged Goofy standing next to him. \"It'll be yer turn soon, Maxie.\" Max shook his head. If he wasn't responsible for their death, he was certainly responsible for their disappointment. How many times was he embarrassed or frustrated by something that his dad did and how often did he yell at him, particularly when he disowned him? I screwed up far more than he ever did, Max thought sadly. Max hugged Trixie tightly as she was perched on his hip. His daughter didn't say much, but she didn't look at her mother's direction. She just buried her head in her father's shoulder. Max subtly bounced her up and down and whispered, \"shh, it's alright\" to her like he and Roxanne did when she was a baby and had woken up from crying. Max stubbornly tried to keep his tears in check remembering how he described himself to P.J. : I'm trying to be a rock for my daughter, my father, and my in-laws. It wasn't the first time that he had been described as a rock. Max was 13 years old and watched his father come home dejected. Once again, he had been fired from another job. \"Don't worry, Dad,\" Max tried to encourage his father. \"You don't need 'em! It's not like the whole place exploded! It was just a little grease fire!\" Goofy sighed sadly. Max was confused. Certainly, his father had been let go from so many positions that this should be normal for him. In fact, mostly afterwards Goofy was often hopeful, enthusiastic always eager to start a new chapter in his life. Goofy just meandered into the living room and sank down on the couch. \"Maybe we can update your resume tonight?\" Max suggested. \" Why bother?\" Goofy said wearily. \"I'm just going to lose this job too.\" Max thoughtfully shoved the \"Past Due\" bills far from his father's sight so he wouldn't be more depressed. \"Dad, what's wrong? Did you like this job?\" Goofy shrugged. Being one of several cafeteria cooks wasn't exactly thrilling. \"It was okay, I guess.\" \" Well, then maybe you should try for a better job,\" Max suggested. \"Maybe one you could really love.\" Goofy sighed and lowered his head on the coffee table. Max picked up the foreclosure sign on the house and threw it behind his back, so his father wouldn't look at it. \"Or maybe Uncle Donald or Uncle Mickey can help you?\" \" I done told you before,\" Goofy said. \"I don't wanna get in the habit of asking them all the time. Because, I'll always have to and then always feel like I have to pay them back.\" Max nodded knowing that his father did have some pride. Goofy continued. \"Besides the best job I ever had was one I was only able to have for three years.\" Max slightly grinned embarrassed knowing what job he was referring to. \"Well going on 14.\" \" Yeah,\" Goofy said fondly. The sweet moment was interrupted by a loud knock on the door. Max looked through the peephole and rolled his eyes. Before he could open the door, Pete burst in as though the house were his. \"Salutations, Goof,\" he said. \"I heard about them lousy good-for-nothings giving you the old heave ho! Well, it ain't fittin', I tells ya!\" \" Thanks Pete,\" Goofy said. Max could smell the beer on Pete's breath from where he stood. Pete continued. \"Well, this is some time for the old Bachelor King! My old lady took off and took those rugrats with her!\" Max remembered that P.J. said that he and Pistol were going to go with their mom after Peg and Pete had yet another fight. Of course this was the period that would lead to the Pete family divorce, but this particular fight was only one of many such clashes. \"Goof, how would you like to go tie one over with me! Just us two wild and crazy guys?\" \" I don't know, Pete,\" Goofy said glumly. \"I don't think that I could particularly not tonight of all nights.\" Max glanced at his father in surprise. What did he mean by particularly tonight of all nights? What was so important about this night? \" Ah come on, Goof,\" Pete said. \"It'll be like old high school days! You, me, and some brewskis!\" \"I don't think that's such a good idea, Mr. Pete,\" Max interrupted. \" I don't think that's your decision,\" Pete shot back. He then turned to Goofy. \"It'll drown your sorrows.\" Goofy glanced at the large cat. Then he stood up determined. \"Alright, then let's go.\" \" Dad,\" Goofy said. \"I don't think you should.\" \" Ah, come on, Max,\" Goofy said. \"I'm a grown man! I know my limits!\" Goofy followed Pete at the door leaving a worried Max behind. \"I don't think you do, Dad.\" He said as the door closed. Max tried to concentrate on the television showing one of the Mutilator movies. But he was so concerned about his father that he couldn't tell if it was Mutilator 8: Final Mutilation, Mutilator 9: This is the Real Final Mutilation, or Mutilator 10: Our Bad, This is the Really Final Mutilation, We Swear. He kept looking out the window through his bedroom hoping some sign would tell him that his father was on his way home. Max began to feel drowsy and shut his eyes when a large crash woke him up. Max crept downstairs making sure his movements were silent just in case it was the Mutilator. He inched down the stairs listening and being extra careful. He tensed as he sneaked ever so slowly to the living room light hearing a voice singing. As he reached for the light, he heard a familiar voice sing a familiar song and his fear turned into irritation: \"Oh the world owes me a livin'!\" Max turned on the light to see Goofy, his father sprawled on the floor singing off-key and whistling into an empty bottle of whiskey. Max glanced over to the side to see the overturned coffee table and broken lamp that had been the result of the crash. Max approached his father stepping on Waffles who hissed and sprinted off in protest. \"Dad, are you okay?\" Max asked holding out his hand. Goofy took it and was about to stand on shaky legs. As Max tried to help his taller father to rise, Goofy lost his footing and tumbled to the ground again. \"Oops head rush,\" Goofy said and then laughed. Max glowered. He knew that Goofy going off with Pete wasn't a good idea and now his fears were confirmed. His father was slumped on the floor, dead drunk. Max had never seen his father drunk before. Of course, he mentioned wild parties in his youth and had the occasional alcohol on special occasions. To Max, Goofy always seemed to be someone who was high on life and didn't need drugs or alcohol to get excited and now here he was. It was a new territory that scared and infuriated Max. Max helped his father to stand and this time Goofy complied. Max was able to move his father forward and lead him to his bedroom like a guide to a blind person. \"Dad come on, you need to get some sleep.\" \" Sleep,\" Goofy said. \"If only I could sleep like she-she,\" Goofy stammered and slurred his words. Max opened the bedroom door and helped lead his father onto bed. As he helped his father change into his pajamas, Goofy stood quiet and ashamed. \"I'm sorry,\" Goofy said with tears in his eyes. \"I'm sorry, Maxie that I lost my job. I'm sorry that I've been drinking. I ain't been a very good dad to ya.\" \" It's okay, Dad,\" Max assured his father. \"You just need to get some sleep.\" Max wrapped the cover as Goofy said, \"I'm sorry\" over and over become more tearful. \"This wasn't what I promised. I promised that I would take care of ya and I ain't been very good at it, have I?\" \" You've been doing okay, Dad,\" Max said. \" No, I haven't,\" Goofy moaned. He looked skyward and he mumbled, \"Happy 10 th anniversary.\" Before he fell asleep. At first Max was confused. While he would have understood, his father being depressed that it would have been his wedding anniversary, Goofy and Penny were married for longer than 10 years. In fact close to 15. Plus, he had always said that they were married on May 1. Max knew that because Goofy always gave spring flowers on Penny's grave every year for their wedding anniversary. But this was January 15, what happened 10 years ago on-! Then Max remembered! This wasn't the anniversary of his parents' wedding, this was the anniversary of his mother's death! As if confirming Max's discovery, Goofy mumbled. \"I ain't doing good by myself. Many jobs, no money, stacks of bills! I'm a failure!\" Max whispered to his father words of encouragement as he held his hand and watched him as he slept as though Goofy were a small child. The next morning, Max scanned through the newspaper want ads looking for something that his father would be good at and would pay a decent amount of money. He also poured some orange juice and made hot buttered toast. (If his father was hung over, he probably wouldn't want to eat very much). Max read through until one ad caught his eye: Wanted Children's Photographer. Max nodded and circled the letter. His father would be perfect for the job. He was great with kids, was patient, and could definitely get kids to pose and smile for the camera. It would be perfect. Max then collected the paper and the food on a tray and walked upstairs. Goofy woke with a pounding headache as Max lay the tray down. \"What time is it?\" he moaned. \" 11:00,\" Max said. \" Let me sleep a little longer,\" Goofy moaned. \" Nope,\" Max said undoing the shades. \"It's a nice day and you're getting up.\" Goofy winced as the sun blinded him. \" What hit me, a garbage truck?\" Goofy asked. \" Yeah one named Mr. Pete,\" Max said sarcastically. \"I told you not to go with him last night.\" \" Well I wanted to- I wanted to,\" Goofy said. \"Shoot, I don't remember what I wanted to do.\" \" Drown your sorrows,\" Max mumbled. \" What?\" Goofy asked. \" Nothing,\" Max said. \"Okay, the mourning period is over. You lost your job. Now time to get a new one and I found just the perfect one.\" He opened the paper and showed it to Goofy. \"Go ahead read it.\" Goofy read the ad in silence. \"Well it sounds nice, but I ain't a photographer.\" \" No,\" Max said. \"But you work with kids and you used to film your movies with the others.\" \" That's different,\" Goofy said. \" What's so different about it?\" Max encouraged. \"One camera you are moving and another you are standing still. I think it would give you more experience.\" \" Yeah but there will be hundreds of people probably applying,\" Goofy said. \"I wouldn't get it.\" \" You won't know if you don't try,\" Max told his father. \"Now get out of bed, take a shower, get dressed, and we'll work on your resume.\" Max took his father's hand and helped him to stand. \"I don't know, Maxie.\" Goofy said. \"I don't much feel like it.\" Max walked his father through the hallway towards the shower. On the way over he picked up his dad's bathrobe and shower cap. \"Hey, you'll be great at it.\" Goofy stood in silence as Max led him forward. Time for some tough love. Max held up the unpaid bill and foreclosure statement to his father's face. \"I know you miss Mom and I know you feel guilty about everything that has happened to us since she died! Dad, Mom is gone and you aren't going to bring her back. Maybe, you got drunk because you miss her or maybe you want to live in some morbid fantasy that she's still alive! But this is reality!\" He pointed at himself. \"You see me? I'm real!\" He moved the bills closer to Goofy's face and waved them up and down. \"You see these? This is real! You need to work to take care of this! I can't do it, I'm just a kid! Dad, if you don't try then you will fail. Mom trusted you to take care of me and you've been good at it. Don't you want to continue to be?\" Goofy's eyes softened and he fluffed his son's hair. \"Thank you, Maxie,\" he said. \" You're my rock. You know that? You've always taken care of me.\" Max nodded knowing that his child-like father needed to be cared for, needed to be protected. Max had to help his Dad out so he can face reality. He would never be able to do it on his own. On his own, his Dad's klutziness and naiveté would get him seriously hurt or even killed. There needed to be an adult in the house and if Goofy couldn't do it, then it was up to Max. Looking back on that time with older eyes, Max realized that was the beginning when his father's antics became less amusing and more embarrassing. His father became less of a wacky, but lovable goof ball, and instead became a constant source of aggravating irritation for his son/caregiver. Max's thoughts went from this memory of his father to his wife lying in the hospital. His wife was damaged like his father was damaged then. He had to repair the damage somehow. He remembered the many times when he and Goofy had the relationship where Goofy broke things, Max fixed them. Well Max broke people and it was up to Max to fix them! He had to fix Roxanne and he had to wake her up and take care of her, his daughter, and his father! He had to fix them, he just had to. Roxanne's hospital door opened making Max jump in surprise as he returned to the present. A weary saddened Canis family emerged. \"It's your turn now, Max.\" Betty said. \"We're going to the hotel.\" Max nodded as he knelt Trixie down. Since the Canis family no longer lived in Spoonerville, they were visiting and would be staying in a hotel until Roxanne came out of her coma. Plus, they had been awake since yesterday and after driving for five hours were worn out. \"I'll keep you posted,\" Max promised. Betty hugged her son-in-law and granddaughter. Kimmy then hugged Max and Trixie. \"Max about what I said-\" \"-Forget it,\" Max said. \"It's nothing to worry about now.\" Though Max couldn't help, but think that there was plenty of truth in it as well. Rex looked down at Max, his face impassive. Max didn't know what he was thinking, but he leaned down towards his son-in-law and wrapped him in a giant wordless bear hug. \"Thanks Rex,\" Max whispered. Rex then hugged Trixie and Goofy as they left. Max, Goofy, and Trixie tensed as Goofy opened the door where Roxanne lay inside. Her body was wrapped in bandages and a neck brace covered her on top. An oxygen mask surrounded her mouth. Her face was also scratched and had bruises on her eyes. Max accepted Goofy's quick embrace then walked Trixie over to her mother. \"Trix, do you want to talk to Mommy?\" Trixie shook her head frantically. The closer that Max and Trixie got to Roxanne in her bed, the more Trixie resisted by grounding her heels. As soon as they approached Roxanne's bed, Trixie hyperventilated and began to scream. \"NO! NO! Where's Mommy? I want Mommy!\" Max held onto her as she cried in his arms. \"Honey, that's Mommy,\" Max said. Trixie shook her head. \"No, that's not Mommy! I want Mommy!\" She sobbed in her father's arms. \"I'm scared, Daddy!\" Max held his daughter tightly. He understood. Trixie was terrified about seeing her mother lying in the hospital bed, bandaged and bruised. To Trixie, she didn't look at all like her mother. She looked almost monstrous to her. Plus, she was afraid that Roxanne would die. \"It's okay, you don't have to be in here if you don't want to be,\" Max assured his daughter. He knelt down to be face level with his daughter and wiped her tears with his fingers. \"I know you're scared.\" \"I'll take her home and watch her,\" Goofy said. Max looked up at his father. \"Are you sure, Dad?\" Goofy nodded. \"You wanna go home, Trixie Belle?\" The little girl nodded with tears in her eyes. \"I'll be here,\" Max said. He then turned to his daughter. \"Can you think of good thoughts for Mommy?\" \"Yeah,\" Trixie sniffled. \"Good because Mommy is going to need all of the good thoughts that you can give her,\" Max said. \"Think of all the best thoughts that you can that Mommy will get better and do you know what?\" \"What?\" Trixie asked. \"She will,\" Max said. \"Really?\" Trixie asked. \"Cross my heart,\" Max promised. It was a nice speech and to the bottom of his heart, Max wished he could believe it. \"Okay Daddy,\" Trixie said quietly as Max held her again promising once again that Mommy would be okay, that everything was going to be okay and that he and her Mommy loved her to the moon and back. Max then stood up to face his father. \"Thanks Dad,\" Max said. \"Anytime Max,\" Goofy said giving his son a tight hug. He then slipped a book in his hand. It took Max a second before he realized that it was his mother's journal. \"You might want something to read, maybe even read it to her.\" He nodded at Roxanne. Max nodded and hugged Goofy again before he and Trixie left. Max sat down next to Roxanne and held her hand. \"Hey Babe,\" Max said to her. He just tried to pretend that Roxanne was fully awake and listening to him. \"You look…well you always look great.\" He imagined Roxanne dismissing it by saying something like Max always said that. Max nodded. \"Well I wouldn't say it if it weren't true. Trixie was a little- well Dad's with her right now. I think she's dealing with things the best way she can. Dad is, well Dad is Dad. What more can I say than that? Your folks are okay, they're at the hotel right now. Kimmy and I got into it, but well we'll talk about it later.\" He imagined Roxanne saying something about why her sister and Max don't always get along. \"I know you think that Kimmy and I are too much alike. You think we're both stubborn and take things too seriously. Well maybe but I'm worried about you and I don't need your sister nagging at me- well maybe I deserve it.\" Max said. \"I'm afraid of losing you. I'm sorry I scared you. I didn't mean for this to happen. But I discovered some things about my mother and how she died. I guess I was worried about losing you and leaving Trixie without you. You know she's the same age that I was when-\" Max gulped. He imagined his wife telling him something like how he didn't have to worry about something like that. \"-I called you wanting to hear you, just worried and I guess I scared you. I'm sorry I scared you. I never meant for this to happen. I never wanted you to come home scared and risk your life.\" Max winced. He stubbornly tried to keep the tears from falling. Roxanne needed him to be strong for her. \"It's my fault, everything is my fault and I'm so sorry.\" A nurse came in. Max nodded at her. She was a nightingale dressed in hospital scrubs. Max checked her name tag and read that it said, \"Flo.\" Flo checked Roxanne's vitals and temperature. \"You her husband?\" She asked. Max nodded. \"Can she really hear me?\" He asked. Flo nodded. She glanced at the EKG reading. Max didn't know what he was looking for apart from what they showed in movies and TV. \"You see sometimes when someone speaks to the comatose patient, the readings go up a little.\" Max saw the lines seeing that they rose. \"Does she understand me?\" Max said. \"I think she's just glad that you're talking to her,\" Flo said tactfully. \"Many patients will respond to voices, music. One of my patients woke up as soon as his friends showed him the latest episode of ' The Walking Dead.' \" \"That's ironic,\" Max quipped. Flo nodded and laughed. \"Sometimes patients respond when they're read to like the Bible, or their favorite classic or romance novel.\" Max nodded. \"And it helps?\" He tapped his mother's journal. Could his mother help his wife? Flo smiled. \"Sometimes I think it helps the family member almost as much as the patient.\" She motioned to the door. \"I have to go back on my rounds. You contact me if there's any change.\" \"I will, Flo, thanks,\" Max said. The nightingale nurse smiled and walked away leaving the young married couple together. Max held his wife's hand and kissed it. \"I don't know what I could tell you. But I've been thinking about my Mom lately and Dad showed me some of her stuff including her journal. I've been reading it. I don't know if you want me to read it. It's kind of bragging about my parents but-\" He cleared his throat. \"I guess at heart it's a romance, like those novels that I always make fun of but you loved- uh I mean love. And I know you love my Dad. Sometimes I think you get along with him better than I do.\" It stood to reason, Max believed. Both Goofy and Roxanne were very mellow and easy-going. Max by contrast was often serious and wound uptight, worried about something. Often times Roxanne would rub her husband's shoulders or temples and tell him to lie back and relax and let things take care of themselves. Similar to many of the things that Goofy said over the years. Max continued. \"I guess I can read it out loud, if you want me to. It will keep us from thinking about-well other things.\" Max opened the book and summarized what had happened so far in his mother's life including her wealthy upbringing by her parents, her reunion with Minnie and Daisy and her first meeting with Goofy, the encounter when they painted the house, and their first and second dates including the movies. \"Well I guess that's where we left off,\" Max said. \"Do you want to hear it?\" He imagined Roxanne saying yes. \"Well I guess I'll give it a try.\" He opened the book and read the entry that he left off. \"Let's see, here it is: It's been awhile since I've written in this. I haven't been a good journal writer….\" Author's Notes The opening where Max recalls the time Goofy comforted him after a nightmare was from the Goof Troop episode, \"Date With Destiny.\" Rex is of course Roxanne's terrifying intimidating father. Betty and Kimmy are briefly in A Goofy Movie as the little girl who's picture Goofy takes at the beginning and her mother. Many believe because we never see Roxanne's mother or Kimmy's father and since Kimmy and Roxanne look so much alike that they are family. I liked that idea because it makes Roxanne's family different from Max's. Of course the nurse who is a nightingale named \"Flo\" is a tribute to Florence Nightingale, the famous nurse.[Chapter 5] Memories of the Dance We Shared A Goofy Movie Fanfic By Auburn Red Chapter Five: Penny's Journal: If I Were You, I'd Fall in Love With Me … ..\"It's been awhile since I've written in this. I haven't been a good journal writer. But I have been trying to keep up with my studies and have decided to join the student newspaper, The Elias Examiner. I must admit that I was inspired by Goofy and his friends and what they said about doing what they love and working for it. I told myself that it is cowardly not to mention lazy to just sit and wait for things to happen to me. So when I saw the ad on the bulletin board for news writers, I took a chance and they hired me. My editor, Nick Noseworthy, a nice but somewhat neurotic dog, first noticed me when I was the only student reporter to cover a women's march on campus for the Equal Rights Amendment. (Why shouldn't women be encouraged to work in similar fields as men? And why shouldn't they get paid the same amount as their male counterparts?) From there, Nick gave me many news assignments including covering my latest, on a fire at the chemistry lab. \"My instincts say it's an anti-nuke protest,\" Nick said. \"But you know if you're mother says she loves you…\" \" Check it out,\" I said. Nick likes to throw in all the reporter clichés. Admittedly, until I worked for him, I didn't know such things existed. \" I'm still checking on that one myself,\" I can tell by his tone that he is joking. \" So am I,\" I wasn't sure if he could tell that I wasn't. \" Alright, let's see what happens,\" I agreed taking my pencil, reporter's notebook, and tape recorder. The second that I arrived at the lab, I had a feeling that it wasn't a political protest. More of the actions of a student, a specific goofy student. Goofy answered questions from the police officer when he saw me and waved. \"Hi Penny!\" He called happily. The officer, Chief O'Hara sighed. \"Alright, Goof don't let it happen again.\" Goofy walked over to me. \"I take it that you can tell me what happened at the lab?\" Goofy smiled sheepishly. \"Uh, I kinda did that.\" My eyes widened. Maybe I was wrong about Goofy. \"Political activism?\" I asked. \" Chemistry major,\" Goofy said. \"Or was. Prof. Von Drake said that if he ever saw me again, then it would be too soon.\" I nodded wondering about some of the other news articles about accidents that the paper covered lately. \"So, did you have anything to do with the kitchen fire-?\" \" -Home Ec Major,\" Goofy said sheepishly. \" -the power outage?\" I continued. \" Electronics,\" Goofy added. \" -The computers going dead?\" I said. \" Computer Technology Major,\" Goofy said. I shook my head. \"Do me a favor and don't even attempt nuclear physics,\" I teased. I shudder to think what would happen if Goofy were in charge of Civil Defense. \"You're still trying to find your niche?\" I asked. \" I'm an only child,\" Goofy said confused. I was confused. What did that have to do with anything? \"I didn't ask about your siblings, so why-?\" \" Because you asked if I found my niche,\" Goofy said. \"I didn't know that I was looking for her. How can I look for something if I don't have one?\" I laughed. \"No, I meant your niche um, your talent your future career.\" \" Well I'm still looking for it,\" Goofy said. \"I guess I'll know it when I see it.\" I took a few notes for the article and Goofy asked me to go for a walk with him. \"I missed you,\" He said. \" Yeah,\" I agreed. \"I missed you too.\" I haven't seen Goofy and his friends much since the night when we watched the movies. \"I've been busy,\" I said way too hastily. \" Oh I thought maybe I'd done something to ya,\" Goofy guessed. I shook my head looking at my shoes. \"No, you didn't I-\"The lady doth protest too much, me thinks. I couldn't disguise the blush that appeared every time I thought about Goofy kissing me. It was different from when Bradley kissed me. When Bradley kissed me, I felt cold like there was something wrong. When Goofy kissed me I felt warm, welcomed. I couldn't think straight. I thought it was best to avoid him until I could sort out in my head, what I couldn't in my heart. \" Was it wrong?\" Goofy asked. \"That I kissed ya?\" \" No, it wasn't,\" I said. \"I liked it, I really did. It was wonderful. I guess it made me nervous.\" \" I was nervous too,\" Goofy admitted. \"I was scared and thought that if I didn't do it, then I'd chicken out and never would.\" \" I hope you don't feel that way about having sex with me,\" I joked. Goofy shook his head. \"No, I don't think of you that way. I mean I do! I mean you're definitely the lady that I would want to-\"He ground his feet clearly embarrassed. \"I was always told to never- unless the person was special and you are. I just want to be sure that you want to too. I would never force you.\" I smiled. I was about to say something more when a car horn made me jump. Goofy turned around to see Bradley appear in his Porsche. \"Penelope,\" he called. I sighed. \"I have to go,\" I said. I was about to leave when Goofy called me back. \" My friends and I are doing an independent studies project film if you want to see it,\" Goofy suggested. \"We'll all be there. We're doing A Christmas Carol. You might like it.\" I nodded. It would make an interesting article, an independent project of a film by a group of talented and creative students. Bradley honked again more impatiently. \"Penelope,\" he said impatiently. I rolled my eyes and turned around heading towards Bradley. Bradley waited until I entered the car and he started it, before he questioned me. \"Who was that?\" I hoped that he wouldn't notice my blush. \"A student that I was interviewing for an article,\" I said. \" That's all?\" Bradley asked suspiciously. \" That's all,\" I answered. I couldn't tell whether he believed me or not. Bradley stopped at a red light and said silently. \"I don't like you talking to other men,\" he hissed. \" I have to talk to them to interview them or study with them,\" I said. \" It might give them ideas,\" Bradley said. \"I trust you of course, but them-\" \" You're being ridiculous,\" I protested. I could feel the blush creep up to my cheeks thinking of Goofy. I didn't say more when Bradley's hand struck my cheek. \"Don't ever call me ridiculous!\" Bradley said. He pushed me on the neck and shoulder so I would face him. \"If you want to be a good wife, you are going to have to learn to obey me while we are dating, do you understand?\" I gulped unsure of what he would do if I said no. All I could do was nod. Bradley smiled. \"Good,\" he patted me on the head as if the last few second hadn't happened. \"Now let's get you home. Your father and I have a surprise for you.\" When I returned, I dressed for dinner. I was dressed in a long Halston 2 piece black gown with paisley style sequins on the blouse and sparkling jewelry. My hair was curled and my bangs were sprayed. I sighed at my expression in the mirror. I looked like a character from Dynasty or Dallas, pretty, rich, incapable of any thought or emotion beyond what is told to me by others. I turned around not feeling or looking at all like myself. I nodded and looked downwards at my jewelry box and took out two emerald green barrettes. I pinned them to my hair so my ears showed and walked downstairs. \" I don't understand why you like wearing green so much,\" Mummy said to me indicating my barrettes. \"It's not exactly a trendy color right now.\" She was dressed in very fashionable red. \" It's my favorite color,\" I suggested. \" Well whatever,\" Mummy said looking me up and down as if inspecting me for any signs that I would disgrace her and Daddy. I sat next to Bradley and ate in silence as they talked around me. Bradley spoke about his economics studies as well as the latest Gamma events. Daddy recalled his days as a Gamma with Bradley's father and Mummy talked about her time in Lamma Kappa Sorority. \"Penelope you do not know what you are missing avoiding the Greek system,\" Mummy said. \"Think of the contacts that you will make.\" \" I'm not interested in joining a sorority Mummy,\" I answered. I really have never been interested in the fraternities and sororities. Some of the members are nice and have done a great deal for philanthropy and charity. But many use their privilege as a means of attacking others like arranging \"dog fights\" (mock pageants where they ask girls considered overweight or homely to the frat house so they could make fun of them). The horror stories from some of the former pledges are awful. What bothers me is that these men and women believe that it is their right to behave this way. Like Bradley. \" I'm talking her around, Millicent,\" Bradley said his arm around me as though he were their child and I was the guest instead of the other way around. \" Maybe if your time was spent at the sorority, you wouldn't waste it writing for that rag,\" Daddy said \" I like working at the newspaper,\" I replied. \"I enjoy writing and maybe I could make a career of journalism.\" \" A career of journalism with your lack of intelligence?\" Mummy said. \"Such a foolish child.\" \" Penelope, you are much too featherheaded to think about working amongst the lower classes,\" Daddy said. My parents and Bradley laughed like I was a precocious child. \"Penelope, you will never have to worry about such tawdry things like earning a living,\" Bradley said. \"Not when you have a good man by your side to take care of that.\" He nodded at Daddy. \"Your father and I spoke about this last night and I asked for his permission.\" I gave my father a glare. I shouldn't be surprised that they talked without consulting me. Why should my parents break the habit after 19 years? Bradley knelt down and took out a small box. I picked up the box to see a large admittedly lovely diamond gold ring. \"Penelope Glorybee Libertee Pooch, will you marry me?\" I was stunned. I knew it would happen. As far as my parents and Bradley and his family were concerned, it was a foregone conclusion. My mouth dropped open. But before I could say anything, my father said, \"Of course she would.\" I glared at my father and looked between the three of them. I sighed. \"Yes.\" \" Exactly what I wanted to hear,\" Bradley said as he held and kissed me…. … . \"Just think Rox,\" Max said dryly, \"Bradley Uppercrust III could have been my brother. Boy did I miss out on being related to that fine specimen of humanity.\" He pictured in his head, his wife laughing as Max read… … .It was late night by the time that Bradley and I left our house. Bradley invited me into the Gramma frat house and hollered, \"Hey, guys meet the future Mrs. Bradley Uppercrust II!\" Bradley's fraternity brothers clapped and whistled, some wolf whistled. I heard a lot of them making jokes about the \"old ball and chain\" and one asking if he was \"beating the shotgun.\" \" Nah, total ice princess with her legs together,\" Bradley yelled as one of the guys offered him a drink from a keg. I flushed embarrassed at the comments. Bradley had quite a good time celebrating our engagement. He continued to drink until he was quite smashed. He sank off-key some songs like, \"The Look of Love,\" and \"Wishing and Hoping\" (of course singing lines like \"show me that you care just for me/Do the things I like to do…\") As he sang, he made eyes at The Catterly Sisters and walked over to them. They winked and smiled at him as he touched Margeaux by the cheek muttering something about \"not married yet.\" I didn't say anything. I always felt uncomfortable at Bradley's fraternity parties, like a wallflower. Now I felt even worse. I dropped the glass of beer that was offered and headed for the door. \"Uh oh,\" I heard one of Bradley's brothers call. \"Ice Princess going AWOL!\" I turned to see Bradley, who was about to head upstairs with the Catterly Sisters, look in my direction. I turned around and opened the door. I got as far as outside the front door when Bradley ambushed me. \"Where are you going?\" He asked. \" Home,\" I said. \"I think I've done enough celebrating for tonight.\" \" You're not going anywhere,\" Bradley insisted. \" Yes, I am,\" I objected. Bradley grabbed onto me holding me to his chest. \" So you can give it up to other guys but not to me,\" Bradley snarled. He pushed onto me and I managed to get out of his grasp. \"Let me go! There is nothing going on between me and George Goof!\" I winced realizing that I revealed too much! Stupid, stupid stupid! Bradley gave me an icy grin. \"That the goof you were talking to earlier? You know his name? Sounds like he's more than just someone you interviewed.\" I didn't respond. Instead, I turned around and walked away. \"Don't you walk away from me,\" Bradley commanded. He whirled me around and punched me in the face. Before I could respond, he pushed me to the side of the frat house, ripped off my skirt, and forced me to the ground. \"Let me go,\" I commanded. \"Let me go!\" I kneed him in the groin before he could finish his work. I took his look of surprise as a means to run from the frat house holding onto my skirt and pulling it on as I ran. The frat house is far from my parents'. I knew it was a long walk, but I was prepared to make it if it was the only way to get away from Bradley. I got as far as the Interstate when a wrecked green car pulled up behind me. \"Lookin' for a ride home, milady?\" called a familiar voice. I rolled my eyes not really feeling like talking to anyone especially Goofy. \"Where you headed?\" I hesitated, Bradley's assault still fresh in my mind. \" Are you following me?\" I asked. \" Actually this is my way home,\" Goofy said. \"I thought I'd give you a ride in the event of strangers wanting to pick you up.\" \" No one's stranger than you,\" I teased. Goofy chuckled and held the door open for me. I twisted the engagement ring on my finger until I took it off and hid it in my purse. I walked inside the passenger seat. Goofy looked closely at me. He saw the bruise on my cheek and blood on my lip. I looked down and noticed that I was barefoot. My shoes must have fallen off when Bradley pushed me on the ground. In my haste to put back on my skirt, I didn't realize that it was backwards and inside out. My hair was a mess and my barrettes fell out as well. \"What happened?\" Goofy asked concerned. \" Nothing,\" I said. \" Did someone hurt you?\" Goofy asked. I shook my head. \"No nothing like that. I went to a college party and you know what those are like. I got a bit drunk and made a fool of myself. That's all.\" \" Are you sure?\" Goofy asked. \"Maybe I ought to call the police or somethin'.\" \" No,\" I said. \"I'm fine. Nothing happened that wasn't my fault. I acted really silly and drunk. That's all.\" \" Okay, I'll take you home then,\" Goofy said. Goofy pulled far from the house and held the door open. \"I know you're still working things out and I know that there may be no way. But there's nothing that said we can't be friends.\" My lip shook. Mine and Bradley's engagement, plus his assault made me vulnerable. \"And you'd be satisfied with that. Honestly?\" Goofy had this long look at me and I didn't have to hear his answer. \"I just want to take whatever you have to give me right now.\" \" I really have to go,\" I said to Goofy. I ran from him, ran from what had happened between me and Bradley, and ran from everything that had happened to me in the last 12 hours. Here I am now in my room, my tears falling on the pages as I hug Bloomsbeary tightly. Soon I will just trade one gilded prison for another. I know where they think I belong. They think that I should be thinking of a wealthy man with a handsome profile and a large bank account. Instead I am thinking of a wide buck tooth smile, an infectious laugh, and large comical dark eyes. It's sort of ironic in a way. Bradley hurt me and then in my efforts to push Goofy away, I ended up hurting him.\" \"That miserable bastard,\" Max muttered under his breath. He imagined Roxanne assuming that he was talking about his father. \"Not him! Bradley Uppercrust II! That fucking asshole nearly raped my mother!\" He expected Roxanne to remind him that she got away. \"I know but that's not the point! He hurt her, Rox! I know I can't change the past, but-it's not right that he got away with it! If she hadn't gotten away-\"He put the journal down and held up his hands. \"I just can't read anymore tonight.\" He sat in silence and stroked his wife's hand. \"I would always protect you no matter what happens to you and I will always love you.\" Max lay his head down on his wife's hand and kissed her. Then he rested his head on top of her hand wanting to feel close to her. \"I'm not leaving you until you wake up,\" he whispered. Goofy held open the guest bedroom door as he saw Trixie staring at the window. She was dressed in her blue Rainbow Dash pajamas and her hair hung loose to her shoulders. She whispered into the stars, \"Mommy will get better. Mommy will get better.\" She leaned down with tears in her eyes. Goofy hung his head sadly and walked into the bedroom hugging his granddaughter tightly. \"I'm sure she will, Trixie Belle.\" Goofy said. \"I'm sending all of my positive thoughts, Gran'pa Goof,\" Trixie said. \"Is it working?\" Goofy nodded. \"Of course it is,\" Goofy assured his granddaughter taking a Kleenex and wiping her tears. \"I'm also sad about Daddy,\" Trixie said. \"He must be sad and lonely sitting with Mommy with no one to help him. Do you think he's okay?\" Goofy nodded. \"Your Daddy's very strong. He's taking good care of your Mama.\" He thought to himself wondering who's looking after Max. He mentally vowed he would see him in the hospital to see if he could relieve his son a couple of hours and let him get some rest. \"Now let me get your mind off of this.\" He said. \"Do you want to hear a story?\" \"Okay,\" Trixie said. \"Let see, did I tell you about the time that your Great Uncle Mickey, Great Uncle Donald, and me found a beanstalk?\" Goofy asked. \"No,\" Trixie asked. \"Like Jack?\" \"Yeah but we were much better than him,\" Goofy boasted tickling his granddaughter. Despite her worry, Trixie offered a little giggle. \"Well once we lived in this place called Happy Valley, where the sun always shined, and everyone was singing….\" Goofy continued the story but Trixie had long fallen asleep before he came to the part when Willie The Giant arrived singing his \"Fee Fi Fo Fum,\" song. He smiled at the sleeping little girl and leaned down. He kissed her good-night and then walked into his bedroom. He looked through the window staring up at the starry sky. He thought of his daughter-in-law lying in her hospital bed and his son sitting by her side. \"Roxanne will get better,\" He said to the heavens above. \"Roxanne will get better.\" Max sat next to his wife saying different things on his mind, his voice becoming hoarse with talking. When he ran out of things to say, he turned to his mother's journal. Even though he didn't want to read it after hearing about her near rape, Max felt that the journal filled the dead air with conversation and allowed Roxanne to hear his voice. He read about how Nick, Penny's editor jumped at the chance for her to cover the independent project on A Christmas Carol and that she entered the studio where it was being filmed. Goofy walked into the hospital room seeing his son's sagging bloodshot eyes, unshaven face, and the hair hanging over his forehead as Max ran his fingers through it. Goofy held onto Max as he pushed his father away, \"I approached the studio where they filmed Christmas Carol; my conversation with my parents during breakfast ran through my head….\" Goofy tapped his son on the shoulder and then held him by the arm but again Max resisted. \"Come on, Maxie, you ought to get home and some rest. You're tired,\" Goofy said. Once again he pushed on Max's arm but Max refused to leave his wife's side. \"Let me look after her for a while.\" Max shook his head. \"No, I promised her that I would stay with her until she wakes up.\" \"Max, I'm not saying you have to ignore her,\" Goofy said. \"But you need your rest. You need to come back to us. Trixie needs ya, I need ya.\" That's the way it is, Max thought, Too many people need me. I help Roxanne; I let Dad and Trixie down. I help them, I let Roxanne down. I help any of them, I let P.J. down. So much to do and I have to get it all done. First things first, Roxanne. I'll get to them soon enough . Max felt weighed down with all of the people who depended on him. \"Until she wakes up,\" Max said shortly and determined. \"Max, I-\"Goofy began. \"Dad,\" Max interrupted. \"If you were in my place and it were Mom here and there was a chance that she would wake up, wouldn't you be here?\" Goofy winced thinking of his late wife and nodded. \"Alright, son, just let us know if there are any changes.\" Max wordlessly nodded and turned back to face his wife as though taking his eyes away from her for even a moment would result in her taking a turn for the worst. Goofy lowered his head and left Max alone with his wife as he read to her: \"… . I tried to find a way to break my doubts about my upcoming marriage to my parents. While we ate, I cleared my throat. \"Mummy, Daddy may I ask you a question strictly rhetorical of course?\" \" Of course Penelope,\" Daddy said. \"What did you rhetorically do?\" \" Oh nothing,\" I said. \"I was just wondering, suppose I didn't want to marry Bradley?\" My parents looked horrified at me as though I said, \"Suppose I wanted to join Charles Manson's family or move to Jonestown?\" \" Why ever would you not marry Bradley?\" Mummy said. \" Well suppose that I wanted to be with someone else,\" I said. \"Or suppose I didn't want to marry at all.\" My parents were confused, but I continued. \"Like I said, it's rhetorical.\" My father smiled icily. \"Well rhetorically, I would cut you off from any current or future financial assistance. I would immediately put a stop on your college tuition, so you would have to pay for your education yourself. I would disown and disinherit you, so you would live among the rabble you find so interesting and would have to earn a living on your own which you are too stupid to do. If by chance you have fallen in love with someone else, then I would hire some men to hunt down that someone else and take care of him.\" My father gave me a hateful expression that told me that he was telling the truth. I'm sure that he understated what he would do. \"And if there were any specific reason maybe Bradley having a bad temper or-\" \" -Whatever argument that you had was probably a minor incident,\" Mummy said. \" Knowing you, you probably brought it upon yourself,\" Daddy concluded. I bristled not expecting them to take my part so I continued, \"Or what if there were any side romances-? \" \" -What a ridiculous suggestion,\" Mummy said at the same time my father said, \"You had better not consider something like that.\" \" I was talking about Bradley,\" I said. \" Well that is to be expected in a marriage,\" Daddy said. \" Not to be expected in a proper lady,\" Mummy replied. Their words made me wonder, especially about my father. \"Have you had affairs?\" My mother took on a haughty expression and my father's face turned red. \"Those are the details of our marriage,\" Daddy said. \" And are not to be done in yours,\" Mummy said. \" You will marry Bradley Uppercrust II,\" Daddy said. \"It means everything to all of us.\" \" We only want for you to marry the best,\" Mummy said. \"There is no one better than him, especially for someone who began life as such an ugly duckling like yourself. Do you understand?\" I nodded. \"Yes ma'am, sir.\" I mumbled. I was about to head into the studio when Margaux and Adelaide Catterly followed me. Margeaux and Adelaide smirked at me. \"You left the party in a hurry last night,\" Adelaide teased. I didn't feel like talking to them when Margeaux said, \"You shouldn't cry so much. It makes you look puffy and reddish.\" I turned my head away from them not wanting to see either the bruise or my anger from the assault last night. 'I'm fine and I had my reasons why I left the party last night.\" The Catterly sisters grinned. \"Rumor had it, that you had to hurry off to meet another man,\" Adelaide said. I glared at the two sisters and walked off as they followed me. \"I don't have anyone else in my life.\" \" Of course,\" Adelaide sneered. \"I can't imagine you of all people could do better than Bradley.\" \" Of course no one's more perfect than Bradley,\" Margeaux sighed. I rolled my eyes and fought back nausea. \"He's not really as perfect as you make him out to be,\" I said remembering how he slapped, punched, and nearly raped me last night. \" I don't even imagine what Bradley sees in certain Plane Janes,\" Adelaide said. \"If you catch my meaning.\" I did. Those words mirrored my mother's description of me being an \"ugly duckling,\" so much that I was growing tired of the insults. I couldn't challenge my parents, but I didn't want the Catterly Sisters to know that they got to me. \" Rather a 'Plain Jane' with some sense than a blonde bombshell that has none at all.\" Margeaux and Adelaide exchanged angry glances. Of course neither missed the fact that they were both well-endowed blondes that were dressed like supermodels. Adelaide said, \"You watch yourself, Penelope,\" Adelaide challenged. \"If you don't hold onto Bradley someone might step in.\" \" Yeah, someone like me,\" Margeaux dared. I had enough of these wanna-be soap opera vixens (or queens, you know because they're cats), that I left them. Plus, I had a story to cover. I greeted Mickey Mouse who stood at the front of the studio. He lifted his top hat and waved it at me. He was dressed in a red Victorian style long coat and long green scarf. \"Hiya, Penny,\" He said. I had already called him to let him know I was interviewing them. \" Hi Mickey,\" I said. \"Don't you get overheated in that?\" \" You just learn to think cold thoughts, film in short spurts, and keep the AC cranked up,\" Mickey winked. I laughed. Mickey looked closely at me. \"Are you alright?\" He said. \"What happened?\" He pointed at my cheek. \" Oh, I um fell and hit the side of our family cabinet,\" I replied. \"It's nothing. It looks worse than it is. Would you excuse me for a minute?\" Mickey nodded as I ran to the nearest lady's room and put foundation and blush on my face so the bruise wouldn't be noticed. I hoped this would be the only time that I would do this, but something tells me that if I marry Bradley, it wouldn't be. I returned to Mickey as he gave me some background information about this project. Because Mickey and his friends didn't have a large budget, they often solicited friends and family to act as extras and crew members many of whom play multiple roles which is why many are often on hand even when they are not called to act. They had a wide group of friends from their days at the Iwerks Children's Home and school as well as various relatives such as aunts, uncles, and cousins who are willing to pitch in at a moment's notice. I took notes as I asked. \"So what do you think is the draw for them to act in productions like these even if they aren't getting paid much for it?\" Mickey winked. \"Well it's amazing what people will do just so they can get their 15 minutes of fame,\" We laughed. \"I think they enjoy performing. I mean, ours isn't the only group that does these. Some of the Princesses and Heroes have created films of their stories and some of the other Animals have too. Sometimes we all work together and put these films under one name. We all have this urge to entertain and make our presence known even if it is just to make people laugh. I also think there's a lot of, love, loyalty and family presence to it.\" He sighed and his voice became quiet. \"This is off the record, but I also think many of us have suffered a great deal of loss and pain in our lives and maybe it's a way to provide us with some good times, happy endings, and, yes, allows us to move forward.\" He stood in silence for a long time as though he lost his train of thought but he continued. \"Goofy probably told you a bit about us, me, and Donald, and Goofy and how we met right?\" I nodded as he continued. \"Well my father used to have this saying, 'You have to move forward in life.' It's one of the few things that I remember about him.\" He looked serious, but smiled again and laughed. \"Well let me take you inside where the magic begins,\" He said as he opened the studio door. I was amazed. The interior looked like a Victorian bedroom with a canopied bed, a fireplace, and a comfortable armchair. I would have thought it was real, save for the cameras, boom lights, and wiring around as well as the people walking around, talking, and generally goofing off. A small cricket, a large red-haired giant, and a blond woman in a gold dress standing in front of a harp glanced at the door. The three did a double take when they saw Mickey. The cricket leaped off the table and onto a loudspeaker. \"Mouse is in the forest!\" He hollered. The workers all jumped and then sprinted about obviously getting to work, some bumping into each other. I looked at Mickey confused and he shrugged. \"They always say that,\" he said. \"I have no idea why.\" He then called everyone over. \"Everybody, everybody,\" Mickey said. He then pushed me forward. I felt very shy among these people. They were mostly animals, pigs, dogs, bears, ducks, mice, and others. There were some humans as well, including a woman with black hair and two other women, both blondes. They were all dressed in beautiful gowns, the black haired woman in a blue and yellow one, one of the blonds in a white gown and the other in a blue gown. \" Everybody, this is Penny Pooch. She is doing a story on us for the Examiner, so try to be on your best behavior.\" \" We'll treat her like family,\" a weasel yelled. Everyone else laughed in return including the weasel that stood next to him. He then stopped looking hurt. I guess he was family. \" No, Smart Ass,\" Mickey insisted. \"You will treat her better than that.\" He turned to me. \"Where do you want to start?\" \" Oh I don't know,\" I said. \"Are there any rules about taking pictures during filming?\" \" Just try not to do it with a big flash,\" Mickey said. \"It might be distracting.\" I took out the camera. \"There are some chairs over there next to the table,\" Mickey said. \"You should get a good view from there.\" \" Okay,\" I nodded. \" Okay,\" Mickey said clapping his hands and telling them to get in their places. \"Are Scrooge and Marley ready?\" Mickey asked. \" Aye, I'm here,\" a familiar Scottish voice said. I turned to see Scrooge McDuck, arrive on the set dressed in a gray nightshirt and cap. \"Let's get this ruddy thing over with.\" \" Is Jacob Marley ready?\" Mickey asked. A pig in overalls that stood by the camera announced. \"They're still working on makeup. That ghost stuff takes a while to put on. That's why I'm filming now instead of him.\" \" He'd probably wipe most of it off anyway,\" Scrooge said amidst the others' laughter. I took a picture of Mickey and Scrooge having their conversation. I laughed and said aloud. \"Scrooge McDuck as Ebenezer Scrooge, very smart casting.\" The giant and the blond harpist laughed. \"Tell me about it,\" the harpist said. \"Scrooge is Donald's uncle and when Mickey asked him to play the lead he said he would do anything to make sure Donald graduated so he wouldn't have to mooch off of him.\" I laughed having a feeling that Scrooge was purposely pretending to be gruff. The harpist stuck out her hand. \"I'm Goldie,\" She said. I shook her hand. \"This is my husband, Willie.\" The giant shook my hand and my body up and down warmly. \"Hi I'm Willie and this is my lovey dovey squeezie wifie, Goldie.\" He picked up his wife and for the first time I realized that the harp behind her was actually attached to her back! Willie gave his wife a big kiss. \" I already introduced us you Big Softie,\" Goldie teased. \" Oh, I thought it sounded familiar,\" Willie said scratching his head. I laughed. They seemed very happy together. \"I'm the Ghost of Christmas Present,\" he said taking off his wreath and holding it to his chest. \" And who do you play?\" I asked Goldie. I wondered how they were going to put a living harp in A Christmas Carol. \" Oh, I'm not actually in the movie,\" Goldie said. \"I'm part of the chorus with Snow White, Cinderella, and Aurora-\"She nodded at the three human women. \"We have a song called, 'Oh What A Merry Christmas Day.'\" She sang a bit from the song, \"Joy to the children far and near/What a wondrous time of year….'\" Goldie had a beautiful voice. \"Plus, I assist with coordinating the background music to the scene.\" \" I'm here Mickey,\" Goofy called from behind the scenes. He came up to the set, dressed in a blue-gray makeup and clothing behind Minnie who was dressed in a blue Victorian dress and cap. She carried a makeup case and tape measure. Obviously she did the makeup and costuming for the movie. Goofy tripped over the chains that he held and fell into the door. \"Gawrsh,\" He said. Mickey shook his head. \"Are you okay, Goof?\" He asked. \" Yeah, as usual,\" Goofy said. He stood up. I wasn't sure that it was a good idea for a klutz like Goofy to play Jacob Marley because he would trip into the chains. But he does look like how he's described in the story, lean, thin, and lanky so I suppose they know what they're doing. \" Alright, we'll do the Scrooge and Marley scene,\" Mickey said. \"Places.\" \" Places,\" Donald, whom I suppose is the Assistant Director, called through a megaphone. \" Quiet on the set,\" Mickey said. \" Quiet on the set,\" Donald called back. \" Everybody be quiet,\" Mickey said. \" Everybody be quiet,\" Donald repeated. \" You too,\" Mickey said to Donald. \" Me too,\" Donald shouted back. Mickey looked at Donald who laughed sheepishly, shrugged, and then stepped back muttering angrily to himself. \"I better go get those lights.\" \" Alright, we'll start from when Marley enters Scrooge's room,\" Mickey said. Goofy nodded and went through the stage door. \"Camera rolling?\" \" Rolling,\" the pig answered. \" Countdown,\" Mickey told Donald. Donald held up his fingers. \"Countdown in 5…4…3….2\" He pointed at the setting. Mickey called, \"And action!\" Scrooge McDuck, now in the portrayal of Ebenezer Scrooge ran into his room and slammed the door, putting several locks on it. He could hear Jacob Marley, actually Goofy call, \"Scrooge Ebenezer Scrooge.\" \" Go away!\" Scrooge called hiding in his chair putting the pillow over his head. Goofy then walked through a hole in the door and some dry ice shown through the air. Goldie whispered, \"Goofy's supposed to walk through the door, so they show where they will later animate the special effect.\" \" Ah,\" I said. \" Scroooge,\" Goofy Marley continued to moan. \"Ebenezer Scrooooge.\" Unfortunately, Goofy didn't see Mr. McDuck's cane was still lying on the ground. He tumbled over the cane and landed on the ground. \" Oh no, Cut,\" Mickey called. Worried, I ran from my seat to the set and knelt down to Goofy. \"George,\" I said. Goofy must have hit his head because he was out cold. I held onto his hand. \"Please be alright,\" I said. Goofy opened his eyes and looked up at me. \"It was worth trippin' so I could see you again.\" I smiled as Mickey looked at his friend concerned. \"You okay, Goof? You don't need to go to the hospital or anything?\" \" Nah,\" Goofy said. \"The wind was knocked out of me, that's all.\" \" How many fingers am I holding up?\" Mickey asked holding up three fingers. \" He wouldn't know that anyway,\" Donald answered. Goofy bristled. \"Hey Donald how many finger am I holding up?\" He was about to hold up a finger when Mickey interrupted. \" Alright, that's enough,\" Mickey replied. \"When you are ready Goofy, we'll get back to filming.\" He helped him stand. \" Timex ought to have you as their spokesgoof,\" a large cat in a robe called. I guess he was playing the Ghost of Christmas Future. \"Get a lickin', keep on tickin'.\" The others laughed. \" Should we edit that scene, Mickey?\" Daisy called. She stood over an editing machine. \" You know what?\" Mickey said. \"Let's throw it in. It makes sense. You'd be expecting something like that from Goofy.\" \" I like to make 'em laugh,\" Goofy said slamming his hand in his palm. \" Okay now back to the conversation between Scrooge and Marley,\" Mickey said. They resumed their scene as Goofy said, \"Ebenezer remember when I robbed from the widows and swindled the poor?\" Scrooge smiled. \"And all in the same day, oh you had class, Jacob!\" I hid my laughter through my hand as Goofy looked proud and said, \"Ahyuck, yep!\" He did a double take and said, \"I mean no, I was wrong! And I am forced to carry these chains for eternity.\" He thought for a minute and said, \"Maybe even longer.\" I laughed through my closed hands at Goofy's melodrama confused with gullibility. It's amazing watching him act in his movies. He takes even the most dramatic scenes and finding humor in them. He just embodies a sweetness and humor throughout his entire body. He gave Scrooge's sentence that he will be visited by three spirits (Goofy held up two fingers) and warned him that if he didn't listen that his chains would be heavier than Marley's. \"Farewell Ebenezer,\" Goofy looked down at the cane. It was good ad-libbing that he decided to step over it. \"Farewell.\" He then walked the door as Scrooge called. \" Jacob watch out for that first-\"From behind the door, Goofy bumped into Donald who was holding several lights. The two dropped the lights as Goofy acting like he was in pain. Donald however really was in pain as the lights landed on his foot. . \"-Step,\" Scrooge finished. \" Cut,\" Mickey called. \"Good job, Donald,\" Mickey said to Donald who fumed at Goofy. \"You made that scene better!\" Mickey engaged in some lighting and scene changes talk with the actors who played Marley and the Christmas Ghosts, so I took the opportunity to interview some of the performers. I decided to begin with Goldie. She told me about her background as a classical harpist in a Toon Town symphony orchestra. She met Willie at her goddaughter's birthday party (Her goddaughter was the small viola daughter of a violin mother and an alto sax father. Oh and the goddaughter also has a younger brother that's a tenor sax. I don't ask.) Willie worked as the party entertainer doing magic tricks and making balloon animals. Shortly afterwards, Mickey hired them to perform in Mickey and the Beanstalk where Willie played the Giant and Goldie played the golden harp that he kidnaps. \" Did it bother Willie to play the villain?\" I asked. After all, he is such a sweet childlike man, I couldn't seem him relishing playing such a character. Goldie smiled and shook her head. \"Willie did apologize several times during filming for pretending to kidnap me. But as any actor could tell you, playing the villain is a lot of fun. Besides there really aren't a lot of calls for good giant characters just like none for a singing harp.\" She nodded at the harp behind her. \"That's why I mostly do the background music. At least Mickey and his friends have given us a chance which is more than most people would.\" I shrug trying to be as tactful as I can. \"I must admit that you two are a very um well-\" \" -Unusual couple?\" Goldie finished. She waved at Willie who waved back and blew a kiss. \"A lot of people think so and I must admit I had my doubts at first. 'I mean what am I thinking,' I thought. 'A harp with a giant? Our personalities totally clash, he's a big kid and I am a seriously trained musician!'\" \" So what changed your mind?\" I asked. \"Off the record of course.\" Goldie sighed and smiled at her husband who smiled back. \"Well I suppose that I realized that when you truly love each other none of that matters. I mean in some ways it does, Willie and I will always be different personality wise and our sizes do get in the way at times. But I think we realize that when you love each other, when you truly love each other, you just have to jump into it. You don't think, you just jump.\" \" You just jump,\" I repeated. Goldie said. \"You must realize that as well.\" I must have looked confused, because she amended. \"I mean the way you looked at Goofy.\" \" Oh, I'm not involved with Goofy,\" I answered. Goldie blushed embarrassed. \"I'm sorry, I spoke out of turn. Willie always says that I can tell when people are in love, though I do get carried away. I thought when he got hurt that-\" I blushed even further. \"Oh, we are friends, but there's a lot more to our problems-\" I clearly didn't sound like I pleaded my case well enough. \"-Even if I wanted to, well-we're just too different and-\" \" -Like I said, you just jump,\" Goldie offered. I shook my head remembering my parents' words and Bradley's proposal. \"No, I'm not free to jump.\" After I finished watching the filming for the day and getting a few more interviews, Goofy called me over. \"Hey Penny,\" he caught up to me still holding his chains and wearing the Marley make up. \"Thanks for running up to me and asking if I was alright and stuff.\" I laughed. \"I'm just glad you're alright.\" \" Ah it will take more than a hit on the head from a concrete floor to get the better of George G. Goof,\" Goofy boasted. \"Um, I was wonderin' I got a couple of tickets for a Screwball Comedy Festival to see, 'It Happened One Night,' and Bringing Up Baby' and was wonderin' if you'd like to come with me.\" I smiled. I knew about the Screwball Comedy Festival on campus from the student newspaper and wanted to go myself. Those are some of my favorite movies and it would be nice going with Goofy again. \"I'd love to,\" I replied. \" Good it's this Friday at 6,\" he said. \" Just as friends,\" I asked. \" Like I said, I'm willing to take whatever you have to give me,\" Goofy said. \" It's a date then,\" I said. \"I'll meet you on campus at the Student Union.\" He smiled as we said good-bye. I left the studio to hear Bradley calling to me. \" Penelope,\" he said. I was determined to walk faster when he ran towards me and blocked my path. \"I want to talk to you.\" \" I think you said enough last night, Bradley,\" I answered. \" Come on, don't hold it over me,\" Bradley said. He once again stopped me from walking. \"I was drunk and out of control and I'm sorry. I'm sorry you took it the wrong way.\" I stopped. \"I would never do that sober, you know that.\" I looked downward and Bradley followed my gaze to my fingers. \"Where's your ring?\" He asked. When I didn't answer right away, he continued. \"Come on Baby, don't be that way. We're perfect for each other. It was an isolated incident and it will never happen again, I promise. I would never do anything to hurt you. I love you, Penelope.\" Before I could finish he kissed me. Part of me screamed, 'no this is stupid' and another part screamed, 'yes, forgive him.' Before I could agree with the former opinion, I took the ring out of my purse and put it back on my finger. \"I didn't lose it nor was I going to return it to you,\" I replied. \"I just kept it off to make sure it was safe.\" Bradley smiled. \"Of course that's my fiancée, always playing it safe. I should never have worried about you disobeying me or your parents.\" \" You never will, Bradley,\" I said. He kissed me again. \" I have to go,\" He said. \"I have a class in ten minutes. I just wanted to see that we're still on.\" \" We're still on.,\" I said. \" Good,\" he said. \"You will be able to attend the Country Club for a set.\" I thought. \"Umm I can't on Friday. I have a class.\" I thought more about. \"In fact, the Friday night classes will be unmovable from now on. Saturday's fine.\" \" Saturday it is then,\" Bradley said. He patted me on the head as though I were an obedient daughter as he left. I stood in silence when I saw Daisy and Minnie walk up behind me. Minnie was still dressed in her blue Mrs. Cratchit costume and Daisy still wore her pink costume as Isobel, Scrooge's lost love. They waited until Bradley was out of ear shot when Minnie said, \"Penny, what are you doing?\" \" I don't know what you are talking about,\" I stalled. \" Did I hear you just talking to Bradley Uppercrust II and he referred to you as his fiancée?\" Minnie asked. \" Yes, so,\" I hinted. \" And didn't you just set up a date with Goofy a few minutes ago,\" Daisy said. \" I didn't know that my love life was so interesting,\" I said. \" Are you going to tell Goofy that you're engaged?\" Daisy asked. \"Or Bradley that you're in love with someone else?\" \" I don't see that's any of your business,\" I said shortly. I was about to walk away again when Minnie grabbed my arm. \"Look Penny, Goofy's our friend and he's a great guy. For what it's worth, you're our friend too. We were close once. Are you in love with him?\" \" With Bradley?\" I replied. \"We have a good relationship and our marriage will be good for our families.\" \" I take it that's a no,\" Daisy said dryly. \" But I meant Goofy,\" Minnie added. \" He's a friend that's all,\" I insisted. I was growing tired of everyone asking me that. \"You're so concerned about it, why didn't you tell Bradley about Goofy just now?\" \" Because Bradley's a jerk,\" Daisy said. \"You could do so much better and you know it.\" \" You don't know Bradley like I do,\" I said. I really didn't want to talk about this with them. Minnie pointed at my cheek. \"Penny, I'm practiced enough in Cosmetology to know when someone's hiding a bruise. Goofy certainly has his faults like anyone else, but he would never leave you with that.\" I covered my cheek with my hand. \" Plus Bradley Uppercrust II's reputation is pretty well known among the women on-campus,\" Daisy said. \"Don't think for one second that he has been or ever will be faithful to you.\" I flushed remembering how at the Gamma House, Bradley openly flirted with the Catterly Sisters right in front of me. I turned away rather than say anymore. Minnie continued, \"Maybe you don't think that you deserve to be with someone better than that or maybe you like playing both of them. Just be careful, Penny. I don't want Goofy to get hurt or you.\" \" No one's going to get hurt,\" I said. \" Then you have to be honest with someone,\" Minnie said. \"If not, Bradley then Goofy.\" Minnie then walked back into the studio leaving me alone with Daisy. \" Penny, when we came to your birthday party and your mother told us that we weren't invited, you saw it happen didn't you?\" \" Through my window yes,\" I answered. \" Why didn't you stand up for us?\" Daisy asked. I lowered my head. I asked myself this same question for years afterward. \"I was 7 years old,\" I said. \"I was scared to stand up to my parents.\" Daisy nodded. \"You're not 7 now and you're still looking out the window.\" She walked back inside leaving me alone…. … I have enjoyed many Friday night trips with Goofy and his friends. Goofy and I started with the Screwball Comedy Film Festival. Halfway through Bringing Up Baby when we were laughing hysterically at Katharine Hepburn singing Baby the Leopard down from a roof, Goofy held my hand and didn't stop until the movie was over. We have also had some interesting dates, from going dancing to having a late night picnic. I love how even though he can't afford to spend a lot of money, every time we go out is special simply because he is so enthusiastic about everything. I catch that enthusiasm and share it with him. We also went on several trips with Goofy's friends around town, such as when we entertained the children at the Iwerks Children's Home. I read to them as the others performed comedy sketches, and invited the children for a sing-along. I think the reason that I still want Goofy and the others in my life is that they are so natural and real as compared to the other people that surround me. No matter how they behave with Donald's temper, Goofy's klutziness, Daisy's flakiness, or whatever, they aren't afraid to be themselves. It's strange how I go from Fridays with Goofy and the others and have the time of my life with them and spend the rest of the week, particularly Saturday with Bradley and my parents and I hover between being bored and watching myself so I don't anger them. While Bradley acted like what happened at the Frat House was an isolated incident, he still lost his temper more often. Once I got into a minor disagreement with Bradley and my mother about one of the wedding details when Bradley slapped me and told me that clearly I didn't know enough to have an opinion and to let my mother handle it. Another time when we were playing doubles at the Country Club, Bradley and I lost to the other couple. Bradley fumed and argued with the others. I tried to stop him and apologized. That's when Bradley turned on me and said that I was just dead weight and a stone dragging him down. Both times he apologized and blamed it on the wedding or his nerves, or the pressure that he was under with school and our engagement. Of course I forgave him and tried not to anger him or disappoint my parents further. With Bradley and my parents, I am shy, proper, and never want to make waves or make them upset with me. When I'm with Goofy and the others, I'm funny, silly, and outgoing. I live two lives and my soul feels split. I haven't told either Bradley about my friendship with Goofy and the others and I haven't told Goofy that I'm engaged. Daisy and Minnie haven't said anymore about it, but I know they feel that I should tell Goofy. Someday one of these lives is going to end but which one? Sometimes I wonder which of them is me. Who is the real me, Penelope or Penny? Then there are my feelings for Goofy. We kissed a few times and held hands. These physical signs astound me. I want to deny them like I have been to everyone that they mean nothing and that Goofy is just a friend. But the truth is, I think I am falling in love with him. No, I know I am falling in love with him... … .Last Friday night was maybe the last night I may ever spend with Goofy. He gave me a small bouquet of flowers and we had a late night dinner with sandwiches, chips, and soft drinks. We ate on a hill overlooking Toon Town. I could see the colorful lights dim during the night as even the buildings yawned and slept. Goofy took out his small radio and we danced to soft rock songs like \"I'm Not in Love,\" \"Dream Weaver,\" \"If,\" \"Summer Breeze,\" and others. Goofy held me close as we danced. We were so entwined that my feet were almost on top of his. Goofy kissed me and I sank down with him onto the table cloth. \"This has been my favorite night,\" I said lying next to him as we kissed under the stars.. \"It's so quiet and beautiful. I wish it could be like this forever.\" Goofy sat up and moved from my hold. I was afraid at first that I had said too much, but he tilted my chin up. \"Well, what if it was?\" \" What if what was?\" I asked. \" What if it was like this forever?\" Goofy asked. \"What if you and me could be together forever?\" I paled as Goofy opened his pocket and took out a small box. \"What I am gettin' at is Penny would you marry me?\" I opened the box to see a gold ring. I could tell that it wasn't as fancy as the one Bradley gave me. It was a plain gold band. I could see an inscription around the band. I read closely, \"Penny I luv you forever, George.' Bad spelling aside, I knew that Goofy must have spent a lot of money for the engraving. Like everything else he does, Goofy gave this ring from his heart. I had tears in my eyes. \"Oh George, this is so sweet and you are so wonderful. As much as it hurts to say this, I can't.\" I handed the ring back to him. Goofy looked stunned. \"Why not?\" He asked. \"It ain't because I'm a big clumsy dumb goof is it?\" I shook my head seeing that underneath that easygoing nature and naiveté that Goofy can be so down about himself. \"No, of course not,\" I assured him. \"Anyone who sees that is a complete fool because they don't see a wonderful kind man with a large heart, a great sense of humor, and yes is smarter than anyone, especially himself gives him credit for.\" \" Oh,\" Goofy said. \"Is it because I don't have two cents to rub together and you're used to fine livin'?\" I shook my head. My constant anxiety about my father's threats to cut me off have nothing to do with my concerns about Goofy's financial status. Goofy continued. \"I mean you're used to be treated like the princess that you are and I can't do that, so I don't blame you for being scared.\" \" Goofy, I have been treated like an object my whole life,\" I said. \"You are one of the few people that have ever treated me like a real person. I will always love that about you.\" Goofy smiled but he was still perplexed. \"Then why?\" I lowered my head. \"I could never help you in our married life. You're right that I'm used to fine living, but it has nothing to do with how you think you wouldn't help me. I wouldn't be able to help you. I have spent my whole life pampered and cared for and I hate it, but that's all I know. I would be a load and a hindrance to you. What if I am unable to find work to help you?\" \" Penny, you of all people should know better than that,\" He gently scolded me. \"I've read your articles in Examiner. I've even, well, I've been keeping them in a scrapbook. You're a great writer! You should do that be a newspaperwoman or a writer or somethin'! You have such a love in you when you write about the people that you want to help. When you write about things like women's rights, didn't you ever think that could be referring to you too?\" I thought about it. Despite my parents' and Bradley's negativity, my earlier suggestion to become a journalist entered my mind. Could I do that? Was I good enough? I continued deciding to tell at least part of the truth of my parents' threat. Goofy might as well know what a coward he was getting. \"My father said that if I married a man that they did not approve, then he would cut me off immediately. I wouldn't be able to finish school. What would you do with a wife who couldn't even finish her education?\" \" Well I wouldn't say nothin',\" Goofy said. \"Instead I would march myself down to registration and drop out of college myself. Then I would work to put you through school.\" I was stunned. \"You would do that?\" I asked. \"But you'll be in your senior year soon. You'd be almost finished.\" Goofy shrugged. \"Finished with what? I can't even choose a major. I was never much for book learnin' anyway, but you, Penny, you are so smart. You deserve to go as far as you can go in college and deserve to walk down that aisle in your cap and gown and get your diplomy and I'd be marching with ya in spirit!\" Goofy kissed me. He made it sound so simple and I was almost tempted but I also felt guilty about the biggest reason of all. \"George, I can't marry you because I'm already engaged-\" \" -I know,\" Goofy said at the same time that I said, \"-to Bradley Uppercrust II.\" I started. \"You know, how? Did Daisy or Minnie tell you?\" \" No, how does Minnie and Daisy know?\" Goofy asked. \"That first night when I took you home, I saw you take off your ring and hide it. I guess I was hopin' that it was over between you, but I guess not.\" \" You knew that I was engaged and you never said anything?\" I became angry. \"You just let me go with you even though you knew that I wasn't free to?\" \" You never told me that you were engaged!\" Goofy reminded me. My mouth dropped open and I wanted to object, but I couldn't. \"You're right,\" I said. \"I'm sorry. I was so stupid. I just wanted my life to be different and I didn't want to hurt you.\" \" Then don't,\" Goofy said. \"The only way that you could hurt me is to say no.\" I winced letting tears fall from my eyes. \"No, George, I can't. You are a good man and you deserve a good woman who would never hurt you or lie to you.\" \" Penny I love you,\" Goofy said with tears in his eyes. I wanted to tell him that I loved him too, but I'm not someone who deserve his love. \"Don't, George, just don't. I can't marry you it would be reckless and foolish. Bradley Uppercrust II and I are getting married and that's all there is to it.\" \" He is the one that hit ya that night wasn't he?\" Goofy guessed. I couldn't believe how perceptive he can be when the occasion called for it. \"And he's hit ya since then hadn't he?\" I gave him a non-answer. \"We have our problems and they need to be worked out, but marrying him is what I have to do. It's what I want to do.\" Goofy lowered and shook his head. \"Penny, why are you so afraid?\" I started. \"I'm not afraid.\" I said. \" Yes you are,\" Goofy said. \"You know you talk a good game about writing for others and speaking for them and wanting your own independence, but you're scared of it. I'm offering it to ya, and that scares you more than my Dad's story of meeting Big Foot scared me when I was a young 'un. You'll go on and you'll marry that Uppercrust fella' not because you want to, because it's safe for you. You'll deny it, but that's why. Little by little, the things that I love about ya' that fire, that spirit, that brain will all be gone. If he don't appreciate all those things about ya' and accept them then, in my mind he don't deserve you! It ain't foolish if there's real love there.\" \" And you're the expert on being foolish,\" I said bitterly. I was angry because of Goofy's words, angry because I know he's right and I have no defense for it. I chose instead to get on the defensive. \"Goofy for once use your head! It would be an impractical idea for us to get married. There are too many strikes against it and not enough advantages. I can't marry you. I don't want to marry you. Now, take me home!\" Goofy led me to the car being uncharacteristically quiet. He said nothing on the way home. I flip back the pages to read the words that I said to him. I guess I told him alright, yes, I certainly did. My parents were right, I am a stupid ugly girl…. … .. Oh it wasn't over. This morning, there was a little coda to mine and Goofy's last night together that may be getting worse soon. All weekend, I tried to avoid talking to anybody just playing the obedient daughter and fiancée. I knew that I was acting, that I was lying about who I really was. This was the role that I would be forced to play for the rest of my life. I could hear Goofy's words in my head: Penny why are you so afraid? As I left my American Novels: Late 19 th -Early 20 th Century Class, I met Goofy. I looked downward and I could tell that he was still hurt from my refusal. \"I didn't think that I would see you again,\" I began. \" I wasn't sure that I wanted to,\" Goofy said. We both began to talk, \"Listen-\" \"I'm sorry-\" We stopped and laughed bitterly remembering how similar this conversation was to the one we had when we first met. I decided to start. \"I thought a lot about what you said all weekend and you're right. I am afraid. I'm afraid of who I am, of what I want, and especially how I feel about you. My whole life people have held a mirror to my face and I don't like the person I see-\" \" -That must be an awful lot of mirrors,\" Goofy said. \"Don't they have something better to do?\" I shook my head. \"It's a metaphor, George. I'm comparing my life to a mirror's. When people judge me, I often feel ugly, stupid, or cowardly and they say it so often that I believe that I am.\" \" I think you're beautiful, smart, and brave,\" Goofy said. \" It's easier to believe the bad things that are said about you isn't it?\" I asked. \" You and your friends opened up a new life for me and I will always love all of you for that. You let be myself, because you are all yourselves. I feel like I fit in and I belong somewhere, but I don't. Not really. We're just too different. I know you want me to be your girlfriend and you want me to marry you, but the person that you believe me to be doesn't exist. The person that I am could never make you happy. All I can offer you is my friendship.\" Goofy's eyes filled. \"This is real hard for me to say, but I don't want your friendship.\" My heart sank, but Goofy continued. \"Not if it means that I have to watch you with a bashed in face and can't do nothin' about it. Not if it means that you come to my house after a fight with your husband or your parents and I'm supposed to just give you a hug and take you home. Not if it means that one day, you'll close the door on me because they'll order you to. Not if it means that you'll go on thinkin' yourself to be ugly and stupid and I won't be there to tell you that it ain't so. That would hurt too much. I don't want to just be your friend if it means that I'll have to say good-bye to you one way or another.\" I understood. I suppose. I had just entered his life and reentered Daisy and Minnie's and I was going to have to phase out of their friendship once again. Well I suppose I would always have the memories of five wonderful friends and a sweet lovely man that I realized too late that I loved. \" I guess this is it then,\" I said. \" Yeah I guess so,\" Goofy said. He held me close and kissed me. I might have ended there if I didn't hear a nasty snooty voice say, \"Well Hello, Mr. Friday Night Class, I presume?\" Goofy and I looked up to see Adelaide Catterly looking at me. She looked Goofy up and down. \"Well I would have thought if you were having an affair at the very least he was handsome. My mistake. It never occurred to me that you were into the circus clown type.\" \" What do you want, Adelaide?\" I asked. She smiled snidely. With her thin sallow face and upturned nose, she was almost ugly. Her haughty expression further added to her cruel demeanor. \"I just came to tell that Duckjoy saw you getting into a mysterious green jalopy last Friday with another man who was clearly not Bradley-\" She sneered at Goofy. \"-And he told your mother, who told Mrs. Uppercrust, who told my mother who told me and Margeaux. So consider yourself in big trouble!\" I sighed knowing that I would get caught eventually but Adelaide wasn't finished. \"Your parents would like to have a chat with you and the Goof in private. Oh and one more thing my sister told Bradley. I don't think he's very happy right now.\" She said sarcastically. I shudder to think what will happen when Goofy and I talk to my parents…. … .. It wasn't as bad as I feared and that's what worries me. Goofy and I sat next to each other in our family parlor as my mother silently and coldly glared at Goofy while my father fumed. \"How could you do this, Penelope?\" my father commanded. \"You have disgraced your family name!\" My mother shook her head. \"We are planning for an early summer wedding! Your gown has been ordered and all the details have been planned. We will be sending out 500 wedding invitations. All of the elite from this side of the Coast will be invited including the Countess Demaree! How do we tell them that our daughter's a slut?\" \" She ain't a slut,\" Goofy objected. \"Anyway, she did the right thing! She wanted to end it an' We did!\" I couldn't believe even in this late date when I did everything wrong and behaved so recklessly and foolishly: engaging in this double life and sneaking around, being unfaithful to my fiancé, disappointing my parents, and breaking Goofy's heart that Goofy still chose to defend me. \" I suppose compared to the loose women of your class, our daughter is not a slut,\"My father snorted. \" But she has left a smear on our reputation by sneaking behind her fiancé's back and making love to a house painter! This smear may take a long time to recover!\" \" I'm sorry Daddy,\" I said sadly. \"I wouldn't blame you if you wanted to disown me.\" My father nodded, his face becoming completely red in his ire. My mother in comparison was pale cold. \"We will do more than that,\" Daddy said. He turned to Goofy. \" You young man will never have a future! I will see to it that you will never get a job or settle anywhere! You think the poor are so fascinating, Penelope? He won't be so fascinating after living on the streets! You, young lady, will attend a convent in Europe and only after a year of complete seclusion will I even consider forgiving you!\" \" Who says that we need to go to such extreme measures,\" my parents, Goofy, and I turned to see Bradley looking through the door. Bradley walked into the room. I thought that he would be as angry at me as my father, but instead he smiled. He walked over to Goofy and me and looked at us in silence. He then stuck out his hand and patted Goofy on the shoulder and gave me a kiss on the lips. \"Now that Penelope's secret double life has been exposed, we need not resort to such dramatic tactics, Reginald,\" Bradley said. \" Bradley, she is our daughter-\"My father began. \" And Penelope is to be my wife,\" Bradley continued. \"She just had a youthful indiscretion. She experimented, that's what College Life is all about experimentation. Anyone can forgive such an error in judgement.\" \" You are taking this rather well, Bradley,\" my mother said. \" Yes, you are,\" I said confused. Somehow his calm scares me more than the rage that I initially feared. \"What are you getting at, Bradley?\" \" I'm simply 'getting at' forgiveness,\" Bradley said. \"One of those maxims that they have is never go to bed angry, so I intend to forgive you, Penelope, as well as Mr. Goof.\" \" Oh,\" Goofy said at first then he smiled. \"Well that's great!\" He shook Bradley's hand heartily. \"Perhaps, I was wrong about ya!\" Bradley took his hand away from Goofy's and for a moment, I could see his usual snobbish irritation return behind his faux kindness. \"Indeed,\" He said. Then he resumed his nice-guy demeanor. \"In fact I would love to go so far as to invite Mr. Goof and Penelope's new friends to her upcoming birthday party.\" \" Really?\" Goofy said with a big grin. \" Really,\" Bradley said. \"We plan to make a formal announcement of our engagement at the party. Though clearly, I admit being apprehensive about my, ahem, competition. So you and your friends are certainly invited.\" \" I don't think this is such a good idea, \"I said very suspicious of Bradley's suddenly generous nature. \" Why so, Penelope,\" Bradley said. \"You're not embarrassed by your friends are you?\" \" Are you Penny?\" Goofy asked. I looked into his soulful eyes. \"Of course not.\" \" And if what he said is true then the two of you are no longer going to be involved are you?\" Bradley asked. \" No,\" I said. \" And you don't wish to hide any more secrets do you?\" Bradley asked. \"After all you keeping secrets is what got you into this mess in the first place. If you had been honest with either myself or Goof here you would not be here now.\" \" Well true but-\"I continued. \" -So there are no issues in extending the invitation is there?\" Bradley said. \"In fact I will even go so far as to say that if Penny has any further second thoughts by the end of the party, then she has my permission to marry the Goof. My blessing's on you both. But if she decides to become the future Mrs. Uppercrust II, then you will have no further involvement with these people. After all, there will be no need to reopen old wounds will there?\" I looked from my parents, to Bradley, to Goofy. \"Alright,\" I agreed. \"Goofy, I would like to walk you out.\" \" Well that wasn't bad at all,\" Goofy said gladly. \"I thought they'd have my head!\" \" They still might,\" I mumbled. \"George, Don't go. I don't want any of you to come to my party.\" Goofy looked downward. \"So you are ashamed of us. I should have known it was too good to be true.\" \" No,\" I said. \"I'm not.\" I sighed. \"Of course you can come. But listen to me, George. You and your friends better be careful that night. I just have this terrible feeling that Bradley's planning something.\" \" Maybe you're worrying over nothing,\" Goofy said, but he sounded uncertain as well. \" Maybe I am, but-\"I said. \"Goofy, just be on your guard and tell the others as well.\" \" Okay,\" Goofy said. \"Okay, don't worry. We will be.\" He leaned closer to me, but I stepped back and shook my head. Goofy reluctantly accepted and said good-bye before he left... … .. These past few days, I have spent a lot of time thinking. I have voluntarily avoided Goofy and the others spending more time with my parents and Bradley. Neither have said anything about Goofy or my upcoming birthday party. Anytime I asked, they were quick to change the subject but also quick to remind me that I was where \"I belonged.\" I spend a lot of time looking at Bradley's engagement ring and thinking about my future. I looked through the articles that I had written so far for the Examiner: the Women's Right's March, the film of Mickey's Christmas Carol, an interview with first year students talking about their expectations and anxieties about college life, a lion professor who wants to start a Cultural Studies program at the university, students who are planning a protest at a nuclear power facility in Springfield, an upcoming event in which students and professors will be feeding people at a soup kitchen. (Nick actually wants me to do an expose on fraternity and sorority hazing. I told him that I would think about writing it, but thought it might be considered a conflict of interest since I was with Bradley. Now, I am wondering if I should write it after all.) These articles are the beginnings of someone who is starting to see more of the world than her small corner and wanting to help it. Someone who is finally able to make her voice heard and feels ashamed about having and hoarding so much while others have so little. Could the person who writes these articles refine her voice until it is heard by a wider audience? Goofy thinks I could, but he doesn't think like other people do. He sees the world in his own unique vibrant way. He is always hopeful and optimistic and for a few minutes I see life that way too. Could I transfer that hopefulness so that other people can hear me too? I knew one thing: If I married Bradley, I would never find out. I could see myself slowly rejecting all of the things that I was truly beginning to understand and believe: feminism, civil rights, nuclear disarmament, helping others. I would turn into a mindless Stepford clone hiding the pain of my unhappy home life and marriage behind lots of makeup, designer clothes, and a haughty expression that has nothing but contempt for \"those people.\" I would turn into someone who attended wealthy parties with all the so-called right people, made demands of my servants, and judged my children by their appearance and the sizes of their friends' family's bank accounts. In short, I would turn into my mother. I wondered what I could do about my fears and wondering if I could help Goofy and the others. I know that Bradley and possibly my parents are up to something, possibly humiliating them in some way. Perhaps I could find a way to stop them or failing that make them hear me. I glance at the Examiner archives and considered. Of course! Not for nothing am I studying to be a journalist! I may be able to find something in the archives that could help me and of course that hazing article could prove fruitful. I wonder what I would find….. … ..I can't believe how much has changed in my life in the last 12 hours that it seems like I'm a different person than I was yesterday. One day I sat in my fancy bedroom contemplating my future wondering if anything is going to change and now the next night, I am sitting in an apartment with my two best friends ready to embark on a new life and a new world. Let me put this entry up to speed. I didn't find a whole lot in the Examiner archives that I could use against my parents or Bradley except one small police blotter from last year mentioning a young girl that was assaulted outside the Gamma house. The description was so familiar to what happened to me, that I wondered if it could lead to something. I copied the blotter and folded it inside my pocket. The next night, I prepared for my party dressed in my light green gown, a blue bow in my upturned hair. I walked down the hallway hearing the doorbell ring. I knew that no guests were expected for another hour, so I was confused as Duckjoy opened the door to admit a strange young red-haired vulpine woman. I recognized her as a young intern working for my father. \"I wish to speak to Mr. Pooch,\" she said. \" I'm sorry Miss…\" Duckjoy said. \"… .Fairfox,,\" She said breathlessly. Duckjoy continued. \"Miss Fairfox, but Mr. Pooch cannot be disturbed right now.\" Miss Fairfox sighed. \"Then may I speak to Mrs. Pooch please?\" Duckjoy spoke again clearly irritated. \"I am sorry but Mrs. Pooch is indisposed right now..\" \" It's alright, Duckjoy,\" my mother said chilly. Frankly, if I were Miss Fairfox, I would not want to be alone with my mother when she took that tone. \"I will speak with her.\" She indicated for Miss Fairfox to follow her in the library. When I was a little girl and I went exploring in the family house, I often searched the rooms for a secret passageway or a family ghost or something interesting. I remembered I found one small passage connecting the library to my father's study. I had forgotten all about it until my mother led Miss Fairfox to my father's study. I gingerly stepped into the library and nudged the false wall until it opened. I hid just outside the door so I could make a clean escape in case my father or someone came into do some reading but close enough so I could hear my mother's conversation. My mother was in the middle of berating her guest. \" If you were foolish enough to get yourself in trouble, that's not my affair nor my husband's,\" my mother shot back. \" Please Mrs. Pooch,\" Miss Fairfox begged. I had the feeling that she was crying. \"I'm not under any condition to give birth to a child. I'm unemployed and have very little money.\" \" I fail to see how this is our concern,\" My mother said. \" It is when Mr. Pooch is the father!\" Miss Fairfox half shouted. \" Will you please lower your voice?\" My mother commanded. My mother's voice became so quiet that I had to strain myself to hear. \"Now where is your proof?\" \" Mr. Pooch is the only one that I have been with since then,\" she said. \"He has to be the one. Mrs. Pooch, I don't need a father for…in fact I don't even want this pregnancy at all. I can go to Planned Parenthood, but I don't have any health insurance. I just need money…\" \" How much?\" My mother said. I didn't hear the amount, but I did hear my mother clearly said. \"Here's enough to get you out of my sight!\" \" Thank you, Mrs. Pooch,\" Miss Fairfox said. \"I promise I won't come to you again.\" \" I hope not,\" my mother insisted. \"You think you are the first woman to come to my husband about this particular issue?\" I waited until my mother and Miss Fairfox were out of the room and out of ear shot before I emerged from the library passage catching my breath. I harbored no illusions about my father's reputation, but I was astounded how far my parents' hypocrisy went. My sympathies were for Miss Fairfox and those other women. How many women had my father seduced and my mother paid off to get rid of them? I suppose I will never know. For now, I decided to leave the information that I had about my parents and Bradley close to my chest. Don't use it unless it's absolutely necessary, I thought to myself. I waited at the front surrounded by my parents and Bradley as we greeted visitors. I accepted hand kisses from the men and shakes from the women and the occasional air kiss from older women. \"Just think this is what it will be like for the rest of our lives,\" Bradley whispered to me as he held my hand. I nodded offering a small smile. \"Penelope, you could attempt to look like you are having a good time. Smile?\" I managed a big wide fake smile that would put a game show host to shame. Bradley smirked. \"Not like that.\" I resumed my original smile and he broke into a wide grin and said, \"Ah, the entertainment has arrived.\" I looked towards the door as Goofy, Mickey, Minnie, Donald, Daisy, and Pluto arrived. They gave me wide grins and waved widely. My parents rolled their eyes and Bradley leered in a way that made me uncomfortable. In rebellion, I smiled and waved back as Mr. Duckjoy announced, \"Mr. Mouse, Miss Mouse, Mr. Duck, Miss Duck, and…Mr. Goof.\" They were dressed very well. Mickey and Donald wore black tuxedos (though Donald didn't wear pants) and black bow ties. Minnie and Daisy wore long lovely pink and blue gowns. Goofy was dressed very well in a dark blue tuxedo and red bow tie. I walked up to my friends and greeted them with large hugs and a wide grin. \"Thanks for coming, everybody.\" I said. Even if I still didn't trust Bradley's intentions of inviting them, I wanted them to know that I was still on their side. \" You're welcome, Penny,\" Mickey said. \" We just had to come,\" Goofy said. He looked me in the eye with that sweet loving look that he looked at me before. I wanted to say more to him, but I knew that in public wasn't the time. We were interrupted by my father who ordered Pluto to be removed from the building. Mickey looked disappointed, but he led his friend outside. \"Come on, boy,\" He petted him on the head. \"We should do what they say. I'll get you a doggy bag later.\" Pluto looked hopeful at the bribe and agreed waving his tail as Mickey led him outside. I ate with my parents and Bradley as Goofy and the others exchanged conversations with the other guests. While I didn't hear all of them, I later heard what they had said. When a Hollywood producer asked Mickey what he planned on doing with his future, Mickey responded that he wanted to direct and make cartoons, the man responded with. \"Well what are you going to do to entertain adults instead of the kiddies?\" Mickey then calmly explained that adults liked animation as well and that they appealed to all ages. The man said. \"Of course adults who appreciate the formulaic content of such infantile affairs.\" Minnie spoke with a woman who asked her where she bought her outfit. \"Oh I made it,\" Minnie replied proudly. \" Indeed,\" the woman said patronizingly. \"It does look rather…secondhand. I suppose that explains things.\" Daisy added that a couple of women talked about how film versions of books were overshadowing the original content. \"Just think,\" one said. \"Someone would only capture the fantastic prose of John Irving's The World According to Garp while flipping through the Dating Game.\" \" They wouldn't,\" Daisy pointed out. \"the Dating Game is on late at night here. There aren't too many films on, well except the Late Late Show.\" The women looked at Daisy squarely. \"You watch the Late Late Show and the Dating Game?\" One said. Then she laughed. \"It's such a breath of fresh air that someone thinks the satirical genius of the Ellen James Society can compare to Bob Eubanks and his Whoopee Questions.\" \" Bob Eubanks hosts the Newlywed Game,\" Daisy muttered angrily feeling embarrassed. She then walked towards Donald. Donald said that he talked about the food when a couple of men made fun of him constantly asking what he said. Donald became red faced and said, \"I said, this beluga is delicious, you stupid fool!\" using their inability to understand to his advantage. \" What was that?\" one man asked. Daisy interrupted and said, \"He said 'the beluga is delicious, like Russian blue!\" She said glaring at her boyfriend staring him down. Donald sighed and rolled his eyes. \"Yeah, that's what I said.\" Bradley didn't react to the others except Goofy. First he led him to the hors d'oeurves and invited him to eat one that looked like horseradish. Goofy unknowingly ate it and his mouth burned. He caught his throat waving his hand up and down over his open mouth. \" You alright, Goof?\" Bradley said. \"How about something to wet your whistle?\" He offered him a drink. I'm not sure but I think I saw him put hot pepper inside. Goofy swallowed the drink and he spat it out in pain. I walked over to Goofy patting him on the back and giving him an actual drink of water. \"Bradley, that's enough,\" I said. \"Are you alright, George?\" I asked. \" George?\" Bradley questioned as Goofy drank the water and flashed an okay sign. \"Maybe you should sit down,\" I suggested. I glared at Bradley. Bradley laughed. \"What? I can't help it if the Goof can't eat like a gentleman.\" He laughed. I sat across from my parents as a slow dance played, \"Friends and Lovers.\" Goofy walked up to me and held out his hand. \"Would you care for a dance, Miss Penny?\" Bradley smirked. \"I don't think Penelope would want to dance with someone with two left feet.\" He laughed in such a way that annoyed me that I decided to show him up. I held out my hand. \"I would love to dance with you, George,\" I said pointedly. Goofy held out his hand and led me to the dance floor as we danced slowly. I moved with him as we looked in each other's eyes. The words to the song really hit me, \"We don't have to be one or the other/Oh no, we could be both to each other.\" Why did I feel that being just Goofy's friend was enough? Why couldn't I allow myself to be more to him than that? My eyes filled and I was about to say something, \"Listen George-\" I began just then we were interrupted by a change in number. The song quickly shifted to a fast number, \"My Sharona.\" Goofy stopped but then continued to dance fast with me. The tempo changed getting faster and slower as Goofy became confused but gamely danced along with me. Goofy bumped into several other dancers and tripped over them. The dancers all fell down as Goofy and I tumbled to the floor. \"Are you alright?\" we asked in unison. \"I'm fine,\" I said. \"You?\" \" Yeah,\" Goofy said. \"Funny about the music?\" \" Yeah really funny,\" I said sarcastically as Bradley appeared walking away from the band with a smile on his face. \" I think that I should cut in,\" Bradley said sarcastically as he held out his hand. He picked me up and before I could say more, he danced me across the floor. \" Did you change the music?\" I said. \" Moi,\" Bradley asked. \"It was just an error in the band's playing. That Goof doesn't need my help to trip over his own feet.\" \" Why are you doing this to him?\" I asked through clenched teeth. \" I? I am not doing anything,\" Bradley said. \"Except exposing the klutz for the bucolic fool that he is and is certainly not a good match for you.\" \" How would you know what is a good match for me?\" I asked. \" If anyone should, it should be the man that you are to marry,\" Bradley said. \" Are you sure about that?\" I asked angrily. Before I could say anything, Bradley took my hand and led me to the bandstand. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Duckjoy invite two figures inside. He didn't announce them and I didn't recognize them with their hooded sweaters pulled over their faces. My heart sank and my chest clenched anticipating something that wasn't good. Bradley told the band pianist to play a fanfare when he stepped up to the microphone. \"I would like to have your attention please,\" Bradley said. \"As many knows this is Penelope's birthday and I would like to believe that I have given her the most precious gift that she could get just like she has given me my most precious gift. Well, Penelope and I are to be married.\" There was a murmur of excitement as the pianist played Wagner's Wedding March and my parents and the partygoers applauded. I looked straight at Goofy who lowered his gaze looking sadly and turned his back. Mickey, Donald, Minnie, and Daisy walked towards Goofy, no doubt offering their sympathies. Bradley held up his champagne glass and said, \"I would like to propose to my lovely fiancée, our wonderful families, and such loyal friends, and to the future happiness that we will share. To future happiness.\" \" To future happiness,\" the people said. Bradley put down his glass. \"And I would like to thank my fiancée for having the kindness to hire such entertaining guests as Mr. Goof and his friends Mr. Mouse, Miss Mouse, Mr. Duck, and Miss Duck. They have proven to be quite entertaining and I would like to reward them personally.\" He nodded at the Catterly Sisters and the two hooded men. \"Ladies, Gentlemen if you will.\" Margeaux and Adelaide Catterly picked up bottles of seltzer water and squirted them at Goofy and the others. They winced as the water poured all over their faces and torsos. \"No,\" I said as the guests laughed and Bradley chortled loudly. \" Hi ya cuz,\" one of the men said as he lifted the hood revealing himself to be a gander. He spoke to Donald as he threw a pie in his face. \"Gladstone,\" Donald cursed. \"You goddamn-\" He continued to rant and rave as Gladstone tossed another pie at Mickey and Goofy, and Minnie. He tossed another one in Donald's direction but he missed and it hit Daisy square on. He looked a bit upset at that one. One of the hooded men lifted his hood and poured what appeared to be red dyed syrup all over them. With a \"hot-cha-cha,\" he revealed himself to be a large rat. \" Mortimer,\" Mickey hissed as Mortimer laughed. I knew him as the owner of his parent's department store and Bradley's fraternity brother. I had only met Gladstone Gander once at a frat party and knew he was Bradley's brother as well. Mortimer laughed hysterically and threw the syrup at Mickey. \" Stop it,\" Minnie commanded as he poured some at Donald and then at Daisy. \" Hey,\" Goofy commanded. \"Leave my friends alone.\" Mortimer smiled and did the same at Goofy. Minnie glared at Mortimer. She didn't say anymore but walked up to him and slapped him in the face. Mortimer had a long look as though he were seriously considering not doing it, but instead he smiled eerily. He was clearly enjoying the mental torture and he poured syrup all over Minnie's face and down it fell on the beautiful gown she had made by hand. The others laughed, particularly Bradley. \"What a performance,\" Bradley laughed. \"Now for the Grand Finale, I suppose you would like to go now would you?\" Bradley held up his hand. \"Mortimer, if you would care to-\" Mortimer led Mickey and the others to a small corner of the floor. They were too dazed to really notice Mortimer press a button. The five friends jumped clearly from electric shocks that Bradley and Mortimer must have placed on that area of the dance floor and was triggered by the button. Gladstone looked clearly upset by this development. Maybe he was out of the loop. \"Guys that's enough!\" \" Stop it!\" I shouted trying to jump off the bandstand when Bradley grabbed my arm and held onto me forcibly. \"You're not going anywhere,\" He hissed. \" Yes I am,\" I hissed. Looks like it was absolutely necessary. I should have said this when they started, but everything happened so fast. Now was my moment. \"I am not behind the Gamma house with you and I am not like the girl you hurt last year!\" Bradley tried to deny it, but I could see in his eyes and knew that I hit too close to the bone for him. I hoped that I would be able to stop him, but instead Bradley's expression reddened and he seemed almost insane in his rage. He called out to Mortimer, \"Full power, Mortimer!\" He smirked at me as he grabbed me and held onto me. I noticed that the guests' laughter seemed to get less as they got shocked. Perhaps this was too far gone. But no one stopped this humiliation. I was disgusted at these cowards particularly at my parents who though they didn't laugh clearly smirked like they enjoyed the show but did not want to debase themselves by admitting it. I had enough! Bradley held onto me tightly to keep me from moving. Even though his upper body strength was impressive, I managed to kick him in the shin and dig my heeled shoe into his foot. Before he could react, I punched him on the mouth. \"This was the only thing I learned from you,\" I declared as I jumped off the bandstand and ran to Mortimer's side. I grabbed the button from the rat's hand and threw it on the ground stomping on it with my foot. Mickey and the others helped each other to stand holding onto each other catching their breaths in silence. They were a mess with water, cream pie, and syrup all over themselves. I wanted to cry for them. Bradley clapped his hands and walked to my side putting his arm around my shoulders. I pushed myself off his grasp. He glared at me, but then turned to the others. \"Thank you all for the performance,\" He said. \"But I think it's obvious to all and sundry that clowns like you don't belong here. Now, I insist you leave and never come near my fiancée again!\" He hissed the last words. Mickey nodded his head to his friends as they left one at a time. Mortimer, Adelaide, and Margeaux laughed but Gladstone ran up to the friends. Gladstone grabbed Donald by the arm. \"Don, I'm sorry,\" He said. \"I knew about throwing the stuff but not about the electric shocks! I didn't want them to hurt you or Daisy. I'm sorry, cuz!\" Donald glared and shouted something that I wasn't sure was, \"Says you\" or \"Fuck you.\" Under the circumstances, I wouldn't have blamed Donald for saying either. I followed them holding Goofy by the shoulder. \"George,\" I said. \"Don't go.\" I begged. Goofy lowered his head. \"Penny, we are just too different.\" He walked away. I turned back to my parents and Bradley, glared wordlessly, and prepared to follow them. For this I had spent my life trying to be the perfect daughter and perfect fiancée and they treated my friends so cruelly or stepped aside while others did. I turned on my heels and prepared to follow Goofy out the door. I opened the door when Bradley grabbed onto me and forced me into the house. My parents followed him and surrounded me. The three formed a tight circle. \"Where are you going?\" My mother asked. \" With the man I love and my friends,\" I declared. Bradley then slapped me on the face and I commanded. \"Don't you dare touch me again!\" Bradley stopped. \"I want nothing more to do with any of you!\" \" Penelope how dare you say that about your future husband or your parents!\" My father snapped. I pulled off my engagement ring and tossed it at Bradley. \"You are not my parents and he is not going to be my husband!\" \" How can you say that when your father and I only want what's best for you,\" my mother insisted. \" No you only want what's best for you,\" I declared. \"None of you love me. You are all vain and superficial and none of you know any real love, just pride and ownership. It was alright for the two of you as long as I was your little doll to play with and dress however you want, say whatever you wanted me to say, and do whatever you want me to.\" My parents blanched at my speech but remained silent. I then turned to Bradley. \"And you, you don't know any love either. You are a sadist who delights in giving pain and abusing others. You think that you're some kind of hero, but you're not. You're a monster! I will not go into an unhappy marriage where I have to pretend to look the other way if my husband hits me or sleeps with other women. I will not turn into a cold fish who verbally abuses my child by calling her stupid or ugly and will certainly not stand by offering money because of even the slight chance that our good name will suffer! I will not turn into any of you!\" My parents looked puzzled probably wondering what I know. All politeness was gone from Bradley and he curled his ball into a fist. I stepped aside before he made contact. \"If you ever hurt me or come anywhere me or my husband again, I will tell people what you tried to do to me and I will tell them about the girl.\" \" You don't know anything about it,\" Bradley hissed. I could tell he wondered if I did. \" Do I?\" I asked. \"Don't forget that I'm a journalist. All it took were a few questions asked by the right people. She seemed very happy to talk to me about it.\" I put on the acting performance of my life hoping that Bradley didn't catch that I was bluffing. It seemed to work, because he unclenched his fist. \" Penelope,\" my father began. \"Don't forget what I told you! If you go with that man, prepare to be miserable for the rest of your life.\" \" So I can end up like Miss Fairfox?\" I countered. My father drew back and my mother actually became almost jaundiced. \"Her or any of the other women? How many women did you seduce, Daddy, and how many bribes did you offer, Mummy, so they wouldn't come forward?\" I lost my chance to prevent this party disaster for my friends, but I would make damn sure that Goofy and the others would never have to worry about my parents or Bradley coming after them. \"If you even threaten us, I will see to it that all of you go to jail or at the very least your reputations take a hit!\" \" You are a spoiled ungrateful child,\" My mother commanded. \" No,\" I said. \"I was your daughter, but I'm not anymore.\" I left my parents' home for what I hope was the last time. I could still see Goofy walking away. \"George,\" I yelled. Goofy turned around surprised as I ran to his side. He looked at my hand to see that it was bare and smiled. He then took his engagement ring out and slipped it back on my finger where it belonged. \"I guess I'll be moseying down to registration then,\" Goofy said. I smiled through my tears. \"First let's get you guys cleaned up.\" I am now sitting in Minnie and Daisy's apartment. They let me stay here until Goofy and I are married in a week's time. We are all cleaned up and dressed in our night clothes. Minnie, Daisy, and I are reminiscing catching up with each other about our lives in between our childhood and now, laughing, giggling, watching and making fun of romantic comedies. It's good to have my two best friends back. I ask if they will be my bridesmaids. \"I mean it's not going to be a big thing,\" I say. \"Goofy and I are just getting married next week in front of a judge so it will just be you two, and Donald and Mickey and probably Pluto.\" I laugh. Minnie and Daisy exchange grins. \"Like you have to ask,\" Minnie says. We laugh as Daisy hands me some popcorn which I willingly eat. I know there will be hard times. There may not be money. I may have a difficult time getting used to doing all of the little things that others take for granted like doing my own laundry, or learning to drive or cook. Of course Goofy will have to work for both of us while I am in school. I will have to learn what it takes to earn a living. But now I can't wait to see what lies ahead….. … Well I did it. I am Mrs. Penny Goof. Despite being a feminist, I had opted to take Goofy's name, occasionally using Pooch-Goof. But I want as little to do with the Pooch family as possible. The ceremony was short and sweet. It was a short 15 minute affair in front of a Toon Town judge and our five best friends. When the judge asked if we wanted to be husband and wife, we both said \"I do\" gladly. Our wedding night on the other hand was wonderful. I never thought that Goofy could touch me in a way that makes me feel like a woman…\" … .. \"I think that's enough of that section,\" Max said. He flipped through the page onto the next. \"It continues.\" He flipped a few more pages. \"Still more.\" He flipped a few more disgusted at what he was reading. \"Oh come on seriously?\" His eyes widened at another page. \"In public? I am never going there again!\" He flipped through again, completely nauseous. \"Oh God, Dad! No eye contact!\" Finally he got to a section that didn't make him want to gouge out his eyes and deprive himself of his short term memory so he could forget what he just read. \"Here we go, Graduation…..\" \"…. I stood in line as the dean called my name. I accepted my diploma and smiled at my husband who cheered loudly sounding off a noise maker. I shook my head embarrassed but laughed. After the ceremony, I posed with the rest of my friends for several pictures taken by Mickey's sister, Donald's grandmother, and other friends and relatives. Donald's sister, Della gave her brother a big hug. \"Congratulations, Dumbold!\" She teased. She held the hand of a large burly tattooed man that I knew Donald didn't care for but was her current boyfriend. \" Thanks Dumbella,\" Donald teased. Della also hugged Daisy as well. Mickey and Minnie accepted the hugs from Mickey's sister, Amelia and Mickey's nieces and nephews particularly his favorite nephews, Morty and Ferdy. The two had grown a bit since I last saw them playing Bob and Martha Cratchit's sons, Peter and Tiny Tim. Less anyone think that Goofy and I were alone, well we had family present as well. Of course the people who bore and raised me never showed but Goofy's grandfather did. He is a sweet but absent-minded man who looks like a more faded version of his grandson, more strictly black and white with a long beard down to his ankles. He gave me a kiss. \"So this is the lady who stole my grandson's heart are ye?\" He nodded at his grandson. Goofy was still in his orange factory uniform. I could tell from his droopy eyes that he was exhausted coming off an 8 hour shift. I told him that I would understand if he slept in, but he told me no that he wanted to come to his wife's graduation. \" You love my boy don't ya?\" Pop asked. I nodded. \"Yes I do, very much so.\" Pop nodded and pointed at his head. \"He ain't got a lot upstairs. But what he don't have here, he makes up for in here.\" He pointed at his heart. \"That boy's got a heart the size of Alaskey and Texas put together.\" I know,\" I said with pride and guilt. I feel guilty that Goofy had to sacrifice so much to put me through school. When the tuition bills came he never said anything, just continued to work. He never complained about the books and supplies that I needed just kissed me and said that his wife needed those supplies so \"she could be the best writer ever.\" He continued to cut out my articles and put them in his scrapbook and I believe that he was more excited than I was when I received the job of writing the events calendar at the Toon Town Talker daily newspaper. He picked me up, swung me around, kissed me, and then took me out to the fanciest restaurant that he could afford. That's Goofy he never asks for anything for himself. He gives so much of himself to others. One thing that I vow every day that I will be the reporter that he deserves so he will know his sacrifice is worth it. \" Like I told his Daddy when he married,\" Pop said. \"Son there'll be tough times but if there's love, real love there, then them tough times'll be worth it. You see?\" Goofy walked up to me and smiled. \"I think I do, Pop.\" I said kissing my grandfather-in-law on the cheek. Pop giggled and blushed. \" Gawrsh, she's a keeper, Georgie,\" Pop said. \"Hold onto her.\" \" I'm gonna, Pop,\" Goofy said as he kissed me on the lips. \"I'm gonna every day….\" …\"I'm going to too, Roxanne,\" Max said slamming the book shut and holding his wife's hand. \"I want that too. I want that real love that will last through the tough times like my parents had. But I want more than what they had. They only had five years of marriage, five before she died! My Mom never got to grow old with Dad, never got to see our wedding, never got to meet her granddaughter! That's what I want, us to be married longer than they were! I want us to someday look back on this many years from now and say, 'Wow, that was tough but we made it. We made it together!' I want us to be together and I don't want you to die! Please, I love you. Roxanne, please stay with me!\" Max held his wife's hand in silence and lowered his head, his vision blurred by his tears. He suddenly felt a slight movement from Roxanne's hand as her fingers curled slightly. He then felt the smallest breath from her mouth. Max raised his head to hear Roxanne whisper, \"Max.\" Author's Note Goofy's various majors and his accidents are from the great comedy film What's Up Doc (1971), including the \"political activist/chemistry major\" dialogue. What's Up Doc? also has the \"everybody be quiet/You too/Me too\" dialogue as well. Mickey's father's maxim about \"moving forward\" is purposely similar to Walt Disney's quote about \"moving forward\" famously used in Meet the Robinsons. Disney historians probably will get Jiminy Cricket's call \"Mouse is in the forest.\" It's a play on the line that many of Disney's employees used to say, \"Man is in the forest\" (from Bambi ) whenever Walt Disney was about to enter. Basically it was a call for everyone to stop goofing off and get to work. Goldie's goddaughter's parents are none other than the Violin Princess of the Land of Symphony and the Alto Sax Prince of the Isle of Jazz, , the protagonists of the Silly Symphony cartoon, Music Land (1935). It figures that the Singing Harp would be a friend of theirs. Of course this implies that the cane scene in Mickey's Christmas Carol is a \"throw it in/ad lib.\" Another in this fic was based on a real-life one from It's a Wonderful Life (1946). Goofy bumping into Donald who dropped lights making the scene better. The real life incident actually happened to Thomas Mitchell, who played Uncle Billy as he left the Baily home. A crew man dropped some lights. The sound of dropping lights ended up sounding like Uncle Billy bumping into garbage cans so they kept the sound in as well as James Stewart's laughter and Mitchell's \"I'm okay, I'm okay\" ad lib. The crewman was paid a small stipend for \"improving the sound\" on the scene.[Chapter 6] Memories of the Dance We Shared A Goofy Movie Fanfic By Auburn Red Chapter Six: Penny's Journal: Really Not That Different Max walked inside the clinic waiting room and waited for the people with whom he wanted to speak. He thumbed through a Time magazine barely paying attention to the article on President Trump's latest outburst when suddenly he felt someone grab him from behind. He could see nothing but darkness as his body was instantly hoisted to his feet. He would have been more terrified if he hadn't heard a familiar low husky voice say, \"Guess who, Maxie.\" Max smiled, \"Tank, put me down.\" Tank removed his hands from Max's head and complied to Max's request sending him landing on his bottom. Max glared but upon seeing his large friend's wide grin and the smaller woman next to him laugh, Max offered a laugh too. \"Hi Mona, Hi Tank,\" Max said greeting his friends as Tank helped him rise. \"Hi Max,\" Mona greeted her former boyfriend with a warm hug. Tank also hugged his friend lifting him to his feet. \"You wanted to see us?\" Max caught his breath feeling momentarily like his spine was about to crack. \"Yeah,\" Max said. \"I need to ask both of you something. Can we talk?\" Mona and Tank exchanged glances and shrugged. \"Sure. Can you meet us at the cafeteria in an hour?\" Mona asked. \"Sure,\" Max nodded. Max waited in the cafeteria for the married couple to arrive. Mona and Tank arrived as promised. Max stifled an amused grin. The two were a study in contrasts. Mona barely came up to Tank's elbow. She was outgoing and friendly while Tank was quiet and shy despite his large size. But the love between the two was apparent. Max's romantic feelings for Mona had long evaporated and vice versa, so Max felt like Mona and Tank were like a brother and sister to him. He also knew that they were good at their occupations and would be the perfect people to help him with Roxanne. Max greeted the couple and exchanged pleasantries before Tank began. \"Saw you on TV, good job.\" Mona nodded. \"You're doing really well as a reporter.\" \"Thanks,\" Max said with a sigh. \"I wish I could feel better about it, but it's the last thing that's on my mind.\" He and P.J. presented their audition video to the station and he arrived for the interview polished and professional. He was glad to be promoted to on-air news reporter and was able to cover a few big stories like a bank robbery, a city council meeting, and a demonstration against Trump's immigration policies. He should be proud of himself, but really he wasn't. \"The main reason that I accepted the promotion is so I can have enough money for Roxanne's at-home care.\" Mona and Tank exchanged knowing glances and nodded. \"Yeah, we heard about that,\" Tank said. \"We're very sorry,\" Mona said sympathetically. \"This must be hard for you.\" Max shrugged. He didn't want to admit that it was. Because Roxanne was also an on-air reporter doing mostly lifestyle and human interest feature stories, the station reported about her accident and wished her well. In fact she received a get-well bouquet and signed card from all her colleagues at the station. \"How is she doing?\" \"I wish I could say she was better, but,\" Max said his voice catching. \"She's fully conscious and is eating solid food regularly. Her facial scars have healed. There will still be a couple on her nose and forehead, but…well she'll always be beautiful to me. But her lower half is still paralyzed and she's in a wheelchair. Her hands shake sometimes. The worst part is her mind isn't…well it's not….\" \"She's having trouble mentally possibly emotionally as well,\" Mona guessed. Max nodded. \"She gets these mood swings and gets frustrated easily or starts crying. She forgets things like our daughter's name or in the middle of a conversation; she'll just trail off and stop talking. The doctors say that's normal, but she's going to need help now and later.\" \"That's where we come in,\" Tank guessed. Max nodded. \"Roxanne will be coming home soon and she's going to need a nurse.\" He turned to Mona. Besides being a friend of theirs, the station had interviewed the couple for health related news so Max knew of their professional reputations which were well praised indeed. \"Mona, you're the best hospice nurse I know. I trust you completely and know that you would take care of my wife while I'm at work.\" He then turned to Tank. \"Tank, you're a great physical therapist and you'll be great helping Roxanne to use her legs again when the time is right. Our health insurance should cover it. Roxanne will be on disability for a while and I can certainly pay for it. It would be nice if a friend was there to help her through this, so would you both help Roxanne, please?\" Mona smiled. \"Of course Max, I'll take care of her.\" \"And I'll help put her on her feet,\" Tank promised. Max smiled. \"Thanks guys, I really appreciate it and I know Roxanne will too.\" Max wheeled Roxanne into the house while Goofy and Mona carried Roxanne's clothes, get-well gifts, groceries and some items for her care. Max leaned down and adjusted the blanket on Roxanne's lap. \"Are you okay, Rox?\" he asked. \"I'm okay, Max,\" Roxanne said. Max noticed that his wife's voice was slower and quieter than it used to be as though she were trying to remember her words. Max squeezed Roxanne's hand tightly and he kissed her lips. \"Okay Roxanne honey,\" Mona said. \"I'm going to take your temperature and check your blood pressure.\" Roxanne opened her mouth as Mona placed a thermometer inside. \"I'll go fix up some soup for ya, Roxanne,\" Goofy offered. \"Okay,\" Roxanne said the thermometer still in her mouth. \"You want some too Mona?\" Goofy asked. Mona nodded as the thermometer beeped. Mona took it out and read it. \"98.6 normal,\" she said. \"Now your blood pressure.\" She then wrapped the cover around the other woman's forearm. \"Roxanne, I'll have to go to work for a few hours then I'll go pick up Trixie at her day care,\" Max said. \"Are you okay with that?\" \"I'm fine, Max,\" Roxanne said. \"Are you comfortable?\" Max asked. \"Do I need to adjust your chair or give you extra pillows or blankets?\" \"I'm comfortable,\" Roxanne insisted. \"And I'll have my cell,\" Max said. \"You may not remember the number, but here it is.\" He gave her the paper. \"If you need anything, just call or text me. You too Mona if you need anything. Dad's here too, so Dad will contact me as well. Got it?\" \"I got it, Max,\" Roxanne said almost stubbornly. \"Okay, okay,\" Max said. \"I'm going.\" He checked his watch and picked up his keys. He kissed his wife and said good-bye to his father and Mona. \"Max,\" Roxanne said frantically. Max turned to his wife. \"Where are you going?\" She asked worriedly. Max could tell with his wife's pale expression and confused eyes that she had forgotten. He leaned down. \"I'm going to work and I'm going to get Trixie,\" He said. \"I'll be back in a few hours, okay?\" \"You'll be back,\" Roxanne repeated. \"I'll be back,\" Max promised. Goofy followed his son out the door. Max lingered by the door with a longing expression. \"I'm not sure that I'm doing the right thing by leaving her alone,\" he said. \"You can't be with her every minute, Max,\" Goofy said. \"You have a job to. You gotta keep working.\" \"Yeah I know,\" Max said. He sighed trying to keep his anxiety inside. \"I'll be by your place too later with Trixie.\" He said. \"Your electric bill is due and I'll get your supper ready.\" \"You don't have to, Max,\" Goofy said. Max nodded at the house. \"Dad, the soup is probably boiling over.\" Goofy's eyes widened and he ran inside the house. Max shook his head. \"Dad, I have to,\" Max said aloud. Max's days were constantly busy and filled with tension. He woke up at 6:30 in the morning. He had a quick shower and shave and woke up Trixie and Roxanne. He helped his wife to get dressed, then assisted Trixie. He carried his wife and then wheeled her into the kitchen where he prepared breakfast for the three of them. He often quizzed Roxanne on what he was doing it so she wouldn't forget basic terms. (\"Okay, Roxanne, what am I pouring?\" It's umm, cereal and uh, mint no, milk!\") They waited for Mona to arrive in the morning while Max dropped Trixie off at day care and headed for work. For now, Max and P.J. mostly worked in the morning and afternoon news so they waited at the station until they got the call. The duo raced to the news breaks to cover the story. In the news van and sometimes after he was on the air, Max called Mona to check on his wife's status. Many times Mona was patient with the anxious husband, but she also had to remind him that she was a licensed certified professional and that she knew what she was doing. Despite the at-home stress, Max prepared as much as he could by studying the research and news reports, and interviewing the subjects, speaking confidently and clearly on the television. He hoped that at-home viewers would be under the impression that Max was cool, collected, and had no problems at home. Max picked Trixie up from her daycare. The two would arrive at Goofy's house. Max collected any bills that needed paying, cleaned up after any extreme messes that Goofy made, and helped prepare his supper while Goofy played games or watched TV with Trixie. Max and Trixie returned home in the early evening. Max then released Mona and paid her for her services. Max prepared dinner, cleaned the house, did the laundry, saw to Roxanne's medical needs, paid bills, played with Trixie, and helped her learn her letters and numbers. Max helped his daughter get dressed, brushed her teeth and hair, and helped her get ready for bed. He then read to Trixie with Roxanne listening close by. Max realized that as Trixie learned to read and improve her vocabulary so did Roxanne. Roxanne read out loud trying to commit the words to her memory and recall them later. Reading together was also a source of bonding as Trixie was no longer afraid of her mother. Trixie even sat on her lap on the wheelchair while Max read to them. After Trixie finally was put to bed, Max helped his wife bathe and dress for bed and the two would talk. Mostly Max would listen to Roxanne as she talked about some of the things that she did during the day, little achievements that she made, or little activities that Mona let her do to improve her hand-eye coordination. Especially Roxanne would talk about her anxieties and worries. \"I never know what's wrong with me, Max,\" she said. \"I'm also scared. What if I can never walk again?\" Max would assure his wife that everything would be okay, that soon she'll walk again, and everything will be back to normal. He never told Roxanne if anything bothered him like how occasionally he suffered from a tension migraine headache or that sometimes his stomach hurt and he suspected that it was an ulcer. He never told her that sometimes at night he was so exhausted that he couldn't sleep. That sometimes before REM sleep finally caught up with him, he jerked back awake convinced that he forgot something either at their house or at Goofy's and that it would take hours before he was able to fall back to sleep. Max considered buying stimulants, so he could remain active and see to everyone's needs. He never told Roxanne any of that. Instead, he just ignored his own needs in favor of his wife's. One thing that Roxanne enjoyed doing with her husband was listening to his mother's journal. Max didn't know if Roxanne heard him read the journal while she was in her coma, but when Max told her, she was intrigued. He hadn't yet told her that he felt responsible for his mother's death or Roxanne's accident. Instead, he just told her that he found his mother's journal. He reread the previous entries and as he suspected, Roxanne was moved by the story of his parent's engagement and their early marriage. \"That is so romantic,\" Roxanne said. \"Your mother sounded like a wonderful woman.\" \"Yeah, she was,\" Max said. \"I'm finally beginning to know her.\" Roxanne smiled. \"You know, you're a great deal like her.\" Max was confused. \"Me? I'm nothing like my Mom. She was rich, pampered. Her parents were total snobs. I well, well I wasn't rich. I wasn't brought up by parents who ignored me. I'm definitely not married to a goof.\" Roxanne giggled. \"True,\" Roxanne said. \"But you're both very passionate, have a way with words, and can be pretty stubborn when you know what you want, especially when you're in love.\" She chucked her husband on the chin. \"You both also love a certain goof.\" \"Well she had a choice,\" Max quipped. \"He's my dad. I have to love him.\" The two laughed. \"Would you like to hear some more?\" Max asked. Roxanne nodded as Max tucked his wife under the covers feeling a bit silly like he was reading to Trixie. But he knew that this made Roxanne happy. Max had to admit that he liked reading his mother's journal too. It made him forget his problems for a little while at least and allowed him to understand where he came from. Max cleared his throat as he opened the pages, \"Okay, here we are: Goofy and I have been married for almost two years. I wish I could feel as certain of our marriage as I did on our wedding day, but I can't. In fact I'm angrier these days than feel like a happy woman in love…\" \"…. .Instead I headed to the clinic because I'm afraid. As the door opened, a duck woman passed me by. She looks a bit like Della Duck, Donald's sister. But I am not sure whether she is plus she looks upset so I chose not to say anything. Besides it's not like I don't have enough problems of my own, so I just nod and greet her with a non-committed \"Excuse me.\" I am observing some of the people in the waiting room. A pair of sparrows look excited as they are holding hands. A young doe fidgets clearly worried and nervous. I have a feeling that she is in a situation that she shouldn't be in. As compared to her, I'm probably lucky. Barely. I keep thinking of Goofy. I wish I were in love with him as I was on the day we met, when we dated in secret, and we got married. But there is so much tension in our apartment that not only do I feel it, but Goofy does as well. I know that a lot of our issues are my fault. I am having so many problems at work and they have spilled over into my personal life. I have been working at the Toon Town Talker for almost two years and I still just write the events calendar. I just compose events from press releases, contact sources for event information clarification, and compile it together on a calendar. Occasionally I do a filler feature article if there needs to be extra space. I should be glad that I have a job but I don't feel fulfilled in writing something that they sometimes give unpaid interns to do. What angers me the most is that Nick Noseworthy started at the same time I did and he has been promoted twice since I started first as Section Head News Writer and recently got promoted to News Editor. When I confronted our editor, Ed Owlsner about it, he peered at me through his half-moon glasses and simply said that Nick was \"the best man for the job.\" At my last performance review after I found out about Nick's promotion ahead of me, I mentioned that I wouldn't mind a little bit more responsibility. Mr. Owlsner looked at me and said, \"Mrs. Goof when D.K. Owlson-\" He always refers to the publisher D.K. Owlson in his tirades \"-and I began in this business, we covered a war, Pearl Harbor, Iwo Jima, Dresden, Normandy, Hiroshima! We would have killed for a cushiony job like you have! D.K. Owlson now there was a writer! You just aren't the man for this job, Mrs. Goof! You're too soft. Girls like you are! You don't write about the real world, because you don't live in it! All you know is your marrying, cooking, and tending babies! I suggest you go do what you do best and gain more experience if you want to keep this job! That or write for the woman's page!\" What could I say? I apologized and meekly left the interview wishing I could be more like Mr. Owlsner, or the male news writers, or D.K. Owlson, whoever he is. Maybe wishing I could be, I don't know a man. I thought about what Mr. Owlsner said about writing for the so-called woman's page, the lifestyles section. That wouldn't be so bad per se. I don't mind reading the sections, but I was never interested in writing them. I want to write the hard news that people care about that change lives. Besides I don't really fit in with the other writers for the Features/Lifestyles, especially the female writers. They are so fashionable, beautiful, and stuck up. When they walk by, I feel like Cinderella next to the Wicked Stepsisters. They walk by me and often giggle and laugh saying that they can't tell the difference between me and the male reporters. They make me feel inadequate and hideous. It's ironic, the male reporters look down on me because I'm a woman and the female ones look down on me because I'm not woman enough. I guess I am just the Pooch-Goof who walks by herself and all places are alike to her. My stomach growls and as usual I ignore it. I haven't been eating very much lately, for over a week now. I go for a run or a jog in the morning to exercise. Then I examine my body up and down in the mirror keeping my eyes out for any fat or imperfections. I am getting round in the stomach and wish I could do something about it. I should be above being so concerned about my appearance, but my insecurities have increased since the other employees have dismissed me. Every time one of them mocks me or Mr. Owlsner disregards me, I hear my parents' voices once again calling me \"ugly\" and \"stupid.\" Apparently, they aren't the only one that think so. It's a common consensus. As if work wasn't bad enough, everything at home is tense. It's funny, the things that I thought about Goofy that were so cute and charming when we were dating are sources of annoyance and embarrassment now that we are married. I come home to a messy apartment and usually some kind of havoc that has been caused. Goofy can be loud and hyperactive which while makes me laugh sometimes aggravates me when I come home and want peace and quiet. Then there are the more serious issues such as the piles of bills or Goofy constantly getting fired. I knew that these were all problems when I married him and I knew what he was like, but it's one thing to tolerate it when you are dating. It's another when you are living together and trying to make things work between you. At least he's working right now at the Kicksack Hackensack Corporation mailroom. Of course that led to a new problem. His office is near mine, so he likes to come by work. Sometimes he comes in front of my work calling my name and bringing flowers. That wouldn't be so bad, but he often does more elaborate things. Yesterday, he stood in front of the hot dog stand by the Talker and as soon as he saw me, he started singing \"You Are So Beautiful\" by Joe Cocker at the top of his lungs. A couple of my colleagues walked behind me and said, \"Who is that? Is he drunk?\" \" I don't know if I were his wife or girlfriend, I would die of embarrassment,\" another one said as they laughed. I winced mortified and approached Goofy. \"What are you doing here?\" I asked through clenched teeth, thoroughly embarrassed.-\" \" - What?\" Max asked interrupting his reading to look at Roxanne's smug expression. \"Where do you get it?\" Roxanne smirked innocently. \"Okay,\" Max grumbled realizing how his mother's embarrassment was so similar to her son's. Max rolled his eyes at his wife's expression, \"May I continue please?\" Roxanne waved for her husband to continue reading- \" -You seemed so down, that I thought you could use cheerin' up,\" Goofy said sincerely. He handed me a small bouquet of daisies. I accepted it, but sighed. When I get angry like this at Goofy, I feel guilty and ashamed. He does so much for me. He just doesn't seem to know when to quit. \" Thank you,\" I said. My body swayed for a moment and I felt weak at the knees. I looked down at my stomach. I really was getting fat. No wonder they think I'm ugly. Goofy looked concerned as he held me by the shoulders. \"Are you alright, Penny?\" \" I'm fine,\" I say. Goofy nodded at the hot dog stand. \"You wanna hot dog?\" He asked. It had been so long since I had a full meal, so even looking at the hot dogs made me nauseous. I shook my head. \" Oh then do you want to go somewhere else for lunch?\" Goofy asked. \"Get some coffee or something?\" \" No,\" I said. \"I have too much to do. I have to work through lunch.\" Goofy looked a little disappointed. \"Well what time are you coming home then? We can go out for dinner.\" I was getting irritated. Goofy was not only pestering me about eating, but he failed to account for our finances. \"We can't afford something like that right now.\" \" We don't have to go anywhere fancy,\" Goofy suggested. \"Just somewhere simple.\" \" We can't even afford that,\" I snapped. \"We have a lot more important things to worry about like the electric bill that is past due, and the floor which somehow got a hole through it.\" \" What about the car that's in the shop,\" Goofy added. I winced. Okay, that one was my fault. I'm still trying to learn how to drive and I somewhat misjudged the distance between the shoulder and the ditch. The front bumper got the bad end of it. Right now, I am trying to work for a few weeks so I could afford enough to get it repaired. So Goofy and I either walk everywhere or take public transportation. Money seems to be a constant source of conversation between us usually ending in another fight. Everything seems to cost so much these days. I never thought I would live to see the day when I had to struggle to pay for things that I used to take for granted like brand name foods. I know living below means is something to get used to when I marry into a lower social structure, but it seems lately that money is a constant presence in our lives. It hovers over mine and Goofy's heads all the time and makes us more irritated with each other. I sighed. \"Why are you so interested in us going out anyway? You went out last Friday night with your friends?\" I didn't want to bring this up. Goofy looked at me in surprise. I guess he thought that I didn't believe that he was with the gang. \"I really was with Mickey and Donald, you can ask anybody.\" \" I know you were with Mickey and Donald,\" I said. \"That isn't what bothered me!\" I couldn't say what bothered me about Goofy hanging out with them. He would think it was stupid. \" Well we weren't looking for women or nothin',\" Goofy insisted. \"In fact Minnie and Daisy were with us, and Pluto.\" \" I know,\" I said. \"That isn't what bothered me either. I know you wouldn't have an affair.\" \" Well not with anybody especially with Minnie or Daisy,\" Goofy insisted. \"You ain't got nothin' to worry about that either.\" \" That isn't what's bothering me,\" I said. \"It's-never mind.\" How could Goofy ever understand what it feels like to be excluded? Like you didn't have any close friends? How could he know how it feels to be an afterthought where a tight group of friends make plans and forget to invite you or when they do, it's only because your husband invited you on your behalf? I feel excluded at work and now I feel excluded by Goofy's friends too. It seems that the only who accepts me is Goofy. \" I have to get back to work,\" I said. Goofy hugged me tightly. \"Penny, come on what's troublin' ya? I can't help ya if you don't let me.\" \" It's nothing,\" I said. The hot dogs really were making me nauseous. About as nauseous as I was in the morning. I moved away from the hot dog stand. I felt something in my stomach. The nausea continued and I was confused. What did I have in my stomach to want to throw up? Was it PMS? That could explain why I'm so irritated, I thought, I mean apart from everything else that had been going on. I considered. That couldn't be it. I was pretty regular with my cycle until fairly recently. In fact I hadn't had it in over a month- Then suddenly I felt cold and I moved away from my husband. \" I um have to go back to work,\" I told Goofy. \"I'll see you later.\" \" Are you sure?\" Goofy asked. \" Yes,\" I said. I moved away and turned to him. \"I'll see you later tonight.\" I returned to the Talker before he could say anything more. Now here I am waiting patiently for a doctor to tell me whether I am pregnant or not. I took an early pregnancy test and it was positive. I want to be sure. I have to be sure. I look up as the door opened. The doctor is in private conference with a woman. He holds her by the shoulders and leads her out of the room. I start in surprise to see that she is Minnie! I hope that Minnie doesn't see me. But my hope is in vain. She looks right at me and she looks as stunned to see me as I to see her. I am about to mouth, \"Minnie what are you doing here?\" When I see that her eyes are red rimmed, I stop. She has been crying. Is she pregnant and she doesn't want to be? Or does she want to be pregnant and isn't? Either way, she doesn't look happy. Minnie looks absently at me and at the door as though she is trying to decide whether she wants to talk to me or leave. She then turns to the door and shakes her head. Her whole body and face seem to say, 'I was never here. You never saw me.' I nod and lower my head as she leaves the clinic. A nurse looks through her schedule and calls, \"Mrs. Goof.\" I stand up and approach the door. Am I ready for the news, whatever it is? Well, I am on the bus heading for home. Dr. Maltin's prognosis rings through my brain. Congratulations, Mrs. Goof. You are pregnant. I tried to force a smile, but I really couldn't. When the doctor showed me the ultrasound, I couldn't feel anything. I wasn't sure how to feel about this. The doctor noticed my hesitancy right away. \"We can make arrangements to have this pregnancy terminated if this is what you wish, Mrs. Goof.\" He said. I can barely see his mouth through the gray bushy beard. I lowered my head. I mumbled something to the effect that I would think about it as I left. About a thousand questions and a million emotions spill through me at once. I am uncertain, anxious, worried, and scared. Goofy and I are going to have a baby. Are we ready? I know we certainly aren't financially, but what about emotionally or physically? Are we even the parental types? I have no doubt that Goofy would be a great father. Sometimes when we go out walking, he often talks to the children or makes silly faces so they laugh. A few times in bed, he asks, \"Wouldn't it be great to have a baby?\" making subtle hints about he would like children one day. Every time he says that, I laugh and try to change the subject rather than argue. I mentally smile picturing Goofy bouncing a baby on his knee, feeding it with a bottle, tickling it to make it laugh, sitting up with it and lulling it to sleep. He would never lose his patience with the baby. He would love the very life out of that little one. Yes, he would be a wonderful father. I'm not sure what I would be as a mother. The only maternal influence I ever had in my life, Millicent Libertee-Pooch, was hardly considered motherly. Would I be critical, cold and abusive to my child? I always find faults in myself and lately in Goofy. Though I'm not as hard as Goofy as I am at myself. How hard would I be at my child? Tears sting my eyes making it difficult to write. I wish I could be happy about this. I wish I could feel a warm motherly sensation instead of fear and constant anxiety. Maybe if I can't feel happier about this, then maybe I shouldn't be a mother at all. The bus stops. I check my watch. Goofy won't be home for another hour. I guess I have some time to think about it…..\" \"…..Okay maybe I'm a bit like my Mom,\" Max said. He remembered when Roxanne first told him that she was pregnant; he had the same fear, anxiety, and uncertainty that she had. He didn't have his mother's abusive background, but he was concerned about whether they were able to financially care for a child since they were both starting out at the tv studio. Max was also concerned about himself as a father. Unlike his mother, who didn't have a positive maternal influence to take after, Max had too positive a paternal influence. He kept comparing himself to his father. Would he be always involved, constantly bothering his child, embarrassing them and never giving them a moment to themselves? Or would he be so determined to go the opposite extreme that he would be hard, strict, serious always trying to be too rigid to his child? Those anxieties continued to fill him the nine months that Roxanne carried Trixie. No matter how she and Goofy reassured him that the only thing that Max needed to be was himself to their daughter, Max wasn't convinced. He always added, \"But I don't know what myself is as a father!\" Of course those anxieties changed when Trixie was born and Max first held that little baby in his arms. He couldn't imagine loving someone as much as he loved that girl right there. Looking at his newborn daughter with tears in his eyes Max made a vow, \"I will always love you and I will always be the father that you deserve.\" He wondered if his mother ever overcame her fears about her pregnancy. From Dad's description, Max figured that she probably did. Could that have been part of the reason why she spent so much time at work? Did she feel nervous or inadequate caring for her son? Did she ever overcome those jitters or did they multiply? What were her feelings when she held her son for the first time? Max broke from his thoughts to hear Roxanne's scream. Alarmed, Max dropped his mother's journal and put his arms around his wife. Roxanne continued to jerk her arms up and down. \"Max,\" She yelled. \"What's wrong with me? I can't move my legs! I can't move my legs!\" \"It's okay, it's okay, Roxie,\" Max said holding onto his wife as she sobbed in his arms. He kept telling her that it was alright. When Roxanne's breathing slowed down and her emotions changed from anxiety to sadness, Max reassured his amnesiac wife that she had been in a car accident and that she would walk again very soon. \"You've said that before,\" Roxanne said sadly sounding almost like Trixie when she had a nightmare. \"Because it's true, Roxie,\" Max promised her. \"Everything is going to be alright.\" He lowered her onto the bed and continued to hold his wife in his arms. \"Is Mommy ang'y?\" asked a frightened voice. Max looked up to see his half-awake daughter standing by the bedroom door. \"What are you doing up?\" Max asked her. \"I couldn't sleep,\" Trixie said rubbing her eyes. \"I had a bad dream. Is Mommy mad?\" \"No, she's not mad,\" Max said. He turned to Roxanne. \"Are you Mommy?\" \"No, I'm not,\" Roxanne said. \"I'm fine, Kimmy.\" \"Trixie,\" Max corrected her. \"Isn't that what I said?\" Roxanne asked confused her brow furrowed in worry. \"Yeah that's what you said,\" Max assured his wife to hedge off another anxiety attack. Max then looked up at his daughter and stood next to her. \"Come on, you'd better get back in bed.\" Trixie lowered her mouth in a pout. \"Can I sleep with you and Mommy tonight?\" Max looked from his wife to his daughter. Roxanne nodded so Max sighed. \"Sure, but don't wiggle okay?\" He asked ruffling her hair. \"Okay,\" Trixie said. She climbed onto the bed and crawled between her parents. \"Be careful with Mommy,\" Max said. He adjusted his daughter so she didn't cause too much friction or tension on Roxanne's legs. With his wife's leg supports and his daughter's body, Max found it very difficult to become comfortable. Even when he did find a secure position, he was filled with worries about Roxanne and everything else. He lay in bed looking out the window hoping that his eyes would shut and watched the sky shift from blackness into the lighter blue signifying morning. He really needed to find a way to get some sleep. \"… .Well, I didn't get the solitude, I hoped for, Goofy was home and we just had the Mother of All Battles. I saw my husband cooking something over the stove. I looked closer to see that it was meatballs. He was humming to himself, so happy-go-lucky. I saw him standing over the kitchen, smiling that sweet smile like everything was alright with the world and nothing bad could happen. The only thing I could think about is why he was home so early. \" Hi Honey,\" Goofy said. He greeted me with a kiss. \"Want a meatball? It's my Pop's special recipe! I figure we can have it every Wednesday like my Pop and I used to!\" He held the pan to my face and I felt sick, partly from not eating and also from the pregnancy. I swayed back and forth before I ran to the bathroom. I didn't vomit, just released some slight bile before I walked back to the kitchen. \"You're home,\" I sighed. \"Let me guess, you got fired again.\" He looked sheepish while I sank down near the kitchen table. \"What happened this time?\" \" I had some problems with the copier,\" Goofy said. \"I made too many copies.\" \" That's not too bad,\" I said. \" About 10, 000,\" Goofy said. \" What?\" I asked. \"Then what happened?\" \" Well the copies went flying out right into the boss' office,\" Goofy said. \"Then broke the window….then, spilled out into the ground from three stories.\" \" George,\" I said through clenched teeth. \"I cannot keep doing this.\" \" What?\" Goofy asked. I stood and waved my hands around the apartment. \"This! The constant unemployment, the money problems!\" \" Well I'm trying my best,\" Goofy said. He approached me and tried to kiss me. \"Come on, Penny. I'm sorry.\" I pulled away from my husband. \"And there's that too! You're always smothering, embarrassing me at work! You keep asking what I'm doing, wanting to get in my business! I can never get a moment's peace without you in my face!\" \" I'm sorry, Penny,\" Goofy said. \"But you're always so down and I want to help you. What's going on with you?\" \" You wouldn't understand,\" I said. \" Don't tell me I wouldn't understand,\" Goofy insisted. \"I ain't stupid!\" \" I never said you were,\" I said feeling guilty. \"I'm just, oh, forget it. I'm having trouble at work and I'm….\" I was about to mention that I was pregnant, but wasn't sure if I wanted to add with our stress. \"I feel stuck at my job writing the calendar, and my boss is making me feel like I'm not as important as the male writers.\" Goofy nodded sympathetically. \"Well no wonder you're upset! You're a good writer. You could always find work somewhere else.\" The dizziness and the irritation overwhelmed me and I began to laugh. I think Goofy was afraid of me. Truth be told, I was afraid of myself. \"Quit my job?\" I asked. \"You think I should quit my job?\" I laughed again. \"You're absolutely right, what a brilliant idea! Why don't I quit my job? Then we can both be unemployed and lose our apartment, maybe we can starve!\" \" I just thought,\" Goofy said. \" No you didn't,\" I reminded him. \"That's the problem. You act, but you don't think about the consequences! You cause problems at work and you get fired and I end up having to be the one to support us! I am so tired of being the only adult in the house! The trouble is you get so distracted and then you cause trouble! Oh, you mean well always, but you get bored so easily! Why don't you find a job you're good at and keep it! That way I don't have to be upset and I don't have to feel that I live with a giant kid!\" Goofy blinked like he had been slapped. I felt terrible, but I still felt like I was right in my anger so I didn't want to take it back. \" I can't help it, Penny. That's the way I am. That's the way I'm always gonna be and you know that about me. You always say that's what you love about me that I make you feel like everything's gonna be okay and that's why you married me.\" \" Maybe I made a mistake,\" I mumbled. I glanced at the meatballs. \"Look George, I'm really tired and I have a headache, so I'm going to bed.\" \" You sure you don't wanna eat anything?\" Goofy asked concerned. \"You haven't eaten much in a few days now.\" \" Yes, I'm sure,\" I said. Before he could say anymore, I walked into our room and lay down. I furiously wrote everything down before I fell asleep. I wake up and reach for my diary. The clock says I've been asleep for five hours. I reach For my journal to write all of this down including my recent argument with Goofy fresh in my mind. I hear a gentle knock on the door and Goofy's head peers inside. \"How ya' feelin'?\" he asks.. \" I'm fine,\" I say. Goofy nods. \"You were out so I don't know if you heard but Mickey called.\" I nodded. I thought I heard the phone ring, but I was dreaming when I heard an annoying ring and thought it was that. I guess the phone bled into my dream. \"He wanted to invite you, me, Donald, and Daisy out to dinner. He has something to tell us.\" I pale. \"He asked to see me or did you ask if I could come?\" \" Why are you so hung up on that?\" Goofy asks. \" It doesn't matter,\" I answer. \" Anyway, Minnie said pacifically that she wanted you to come,\" Goofy says. \"She said that she would appreciate it if you did.\" I remember Minnie at the hospital and how sad she looked . Perhaps she wants to confirm what I saw and wonder what I was doing there. Was I ready to tell anyone that I was pregnant? I haven't even told my husband! \"When?\" \" Tomorrow night about 7 at Tony's,\" Goofy answers. \"I'll understand if you don't wanna come.\" \" No,\" I interrupt. How often do I get included in the group? Even though the thought of eating Italian food makes me gag. I remind myself that I would have to start eating again since I was eating for two, but I still am not sure how I feel about motherhood. Maybe I shouldn't bring this child into the world, if I don't feel sure about being a mother. I put my hand on my stomach and my womb. \"I want to come,\" I say. \"We should probably stay on a budget so no overeating and no extra appetizers.\" Ahh,\" Goofy says playfully snapping his fingers like a little kid. I can't resist a slight smile. \"But we can come.\" \" Well my stupid sister is knocked up!\" Donald grumbled as he and Daisy sat down across from us. Mickey and Minnie hadn't yet arrived which I thought was strange since it was Mickey who called us together. Daisy said that Mickey was acting secretive but that he had to pick something up that was delayed, but that we can go ahead and order. Goofy gobbled down his salad. I gently picked at mine and practiced a trick that I learned. I chewed a little in my mouth then delicately put my napkin to my mouth and emptied out most of the food on the napkin so I wouldn't swallow. So far no one noticed. Goofy and I turned to Donald digesting the news. Goofy was surprised to hear that, but I wasn't. So it was Della Duck, I saw at the clinic earlier. \" That's wonderful,\" Daisy said and smiled. \" Not when it's that loser that she just broke up with,\" Donald objected. \"She no sooner told him than he celebrated his impending fatherhood by running off!\" \" How's Della?\" I asked grateful at least that I could never picture Goofy doing that to me. \" Oh she's fine,\" Donald said even more sarcastically. \"She has a nice place! She has my place in fact she's currently sleeping on my couch crying her eyes out as we speak. I told her that he was a loser! But you think Ms. Irresponsible would listen to me no! It seems most of my life I have had to pick up after her, it just makes me so-\" Donald went into one of his characteristic squawks. He calmed down for a minute and said. \"And get this, she asked me to be the godfather!\" Smiles broke on our faces. I'm sure I wasn't the only one who had trouble picturing Donald as an uncle/godfather but at least he was somewhat financially prepared for it working as an assistant to his Uncle Scrooge. Daisy shook her head and put her hand on her boyfriend's. \"Oh Donald, stop worrying. I'm sure Della and her baby will be fine. You've taken care of her as much as you possibly could and who knows maybe the baby will be a stabilizing influence on her. If not, I'm sure you'll do a good job with them and be like a father to them.\" \" And maybe Fiddler, Fifer, and Practical will start flying,\" Donald grumbled. Daisy reassured her boyfriend as Goofy motioned me to look outside. It looked as though the Three Little Pigs had gotten tossed out of a nearby restaurant. \"Next time pay your tab,\" the owner yelled. The pigs returned with \"Who's Afraid of the Big Bad Bar Tab,\" as they flew. Goofy and I shrugged. Same old Same old in Toon Town. \" ' Sides Donald,\" Goofy said. \"Babies are great! We aim to have a whole parcel of 'em, don't we Pen?\" \" Yeah,\" I said unenthusiastically. Is that what Goofy wants from me to be a baby machine? When I'm not sure that I even want this one? \" What about babies?\" Minnie's voice asked. She arrived dressed as always so beautifully in her clothes. I think she will be a great designer or boutique owner someday. Right now she was an assistant at Clopin's Designs. I noticed that her voice was pleasant but sounded a little sad. I remembered her look at the clinic. Whatever it was still bothered her. The others quickly put Minnie up to speed on Donald's latest. \"Congratulations, Donald,\" Minnie said putting on a smile. Donald mumbled. \"Yeah for who?\" \" Where's Mickey?\" I asked. \"Do you have any idea what this is about?\" Minnie shook her head. \"I don't know, he's been quiet for days. He wouldn't tell me anything and usually he tells me just about everything. But he did say he needed to get something finalized and to pick up something so he'd be a bit late.\" She looked through the window. \"In fact he's coming now.\" Mickey came through the restaurant whistling \"Zip A Dee Do Da\" and waved at Tony and Joe behind the bar. Pluto pranced happily behind him. He then greeted us warmly. \"Hi everybody how you all been?\" Once we exchanged pleasantries and made our orders, Donald drummed his fingers impatiently just as much curious about Mickey's great news as he was to be distracted from his current problems no doubt. \"Well what do you have to tell us?\" Mickey smiled. \"Well I have two great news. The first is this!\" He slapped a contract down and grinned. We recognized the logo of a film company. \"I showed our cartoons at the meeting to some executives, even some of the old ones and they want to distribute the lot!\" Our mouths fell open in delight and happiness. \" They want to buy them?\" Minnie asked confused. \" No,\" Mickey said. \"That's the best part. They only want to distribute them! We will have total creative control. We should produce them together with the Princesses, the Heroes, and the other Animals and put them together under a collective name!\" \" Well you're the main one who puts them together,\" Minnie suggested. \"How about Mouse Productions? Or Mickey productions? Or Mouseworks?\" \" Hey the rest of us work as hard as he does,\" Donald exclaimed. \"How about Duck Tales?\" Daisy nodded. \"Or even Quack Pack\" she agreed. \" I kinda' like Goof Troop myself,\" Goofy offered. \"I mean not just for me. They're goofy and silly!\" Pluto barked a suggestion which Mickey translated \"No we can't call it Paws Incorporated, that name's already been taken.\" \" Why don't we sit on the name and think about it for a while?\" Mickey suggested. \"Right now I need all of your signatures on this contract to make it official?\" \" Why ours?\" Daisy asked. \" I want you all to be part owners of the company,\" Mickey encouraged. \"We can still continue with our career paths, but I want all of you to at least have a piece of the excitement! We can work on them together!\" The five of us exchanged excited goofy grins. Mickey held open the contract and called out like a carnival barker. \"Step right up, ladies and gentlemen fame and fortune is on its way!\" Minnie signed her name and gave her boyfriend a kiss on the lips, Daisy followed with a kiss on the cheek. Donald signed his name with a flourish. \"You'll be okay if I just shake your hand!\" Mickey nodded and accepted a hand clasp from his friend. Pluto stepped up and put an inked paw for his name then practically licked Mickey's face off to which Mickey laughed and patted him on the head, Goofy then signed and gave his friend a big bear hug. When it was my turn, I noticed something missing. \"There are only six spaces for signatures.\" I said mechanically. I slid the contract over to Mickey. I couldn't believe it. Pluto was a dog and he got a signature but I was left out! \" I'm sorry, Penny,\" Mickey said. \"But you said so yourself that you weren't interested in doing our movies. You're never there when we do them, and it never occurred to me that-\" He forced a smile. \"Hey I could put a line for your name or have them draw up a new contract.\" My eyes winced but I forced myself not to cry. Once again I was excluded from the group. \"That's okay. You're right, you know me a total wreck in front of the camera,\" I said with a fake smile. \"I'll make sure you'll get plenty of free publicity from the Talker.\" \" Are you sure you're alright, Penny?\" Goofy said. \"Hey with this we'll have more money and we can finally have a family!\" \" Sure,\" I said. Mickey held up a finger. \"Which actually leads to my second surprise. This one is just for Minnie.\" He reached into his pocket, \"I wanted to wait until your birthday next month but I figured what the heck with this contract we will have more money than we know what to do with. We can finally have enough to live off of and start a family, so what I'm trying to say is-\" He got down on one knee and held out a small box. \"Miss Minerva Millicent \"Minnie\" Mouse, you have always been the love of my life. Will you marry me?\" Minnie looked at a beautiful diamond ring that had three circles in the shape of a mouse head. Clever sweet Mickey even had made a small row of sapphires on top of the head to look like a hair bow. There was a silence as I looked around at the others. Donald and Goofy's smiles couldn't be wider. Daisy had tears in her eyes. Pluto panted excited and wagged his tail. Mickey looked happy, but nervous. He practically turned a bright pink. Minnie smiled and then frowned. Something told me that she was torn. \"Oh Mickey,\" she sighed. \"No.\" I'm sure mine wasn't the only gasp in the room. Mickey stood up. \"Why not? Minnie we've been going together practically since we were kids. Everyone we know has us married already, we might as well be. There hasn't been a time when I haven't loved you.\" \" I know I love you too, Mickey,\" Minnie said. \"That's why….I can't.\" She ran into the ladies' room barely gulping a sob. \" We'd better go talk to her, \" Daisy suggested. I nodded having a feeling about what was going on. We left the boys alone wondering about the phenomena of women having to go to the ladies' room together. Daisy and I found Minnie facing the mirror crying her eyes out. Daisy wrapped her arms around her best friend in a hug. I rubbed her back and also hugged her. \"Okay,\" Daisy said. \"It's just us girls now spill.\" \" I can't marry Mickey,\" Minnie sobbed. \" Why not you don't love him anymore?\" Daisy asked. \"Why don't you want to marry him?\" \" No I want to marry him,\" Minnie said. \"I just can't marry him!\" \" Well I can't think of any other reason why except-\" Daisy said. Then her eyes widened. \"Oh my god, you're married to someone else!\" Minnie stared at Daisy confused. \"What? No!\" \" Then what other reason is there?\" Daisy asked. \" I think I know,\" I said. I have her a wordless look to say is it alright if I mention it? She nodded. \"You're pregnant aren't you? I saw you at the clinic.\" \" And Mickey's the father!\" Daisy said. \"No that would be more of a reason to marry him! Someone else is the father!\" Minnie shook her head. Sometimes Daisy gets too melodramatic for her own good. \"You watch too many soaps, Daise.\" Minnie said at least finding some humor. \"No, in fact it's just the opposite. Alright, I will tell you but you have to promise it's between the three of us.\" Daisy and I nodded. Just like old times. \"I had been feeling funny lately. At first I thought it was the flu bug going around but I remembered…well Mickey and I we aren't always careful when we…well I mean we're faithful to each other so there's no worries about catching anything, so sometimes we forget to and a couple of months ago we did. My cycles aren't always regular, so that wasn't unusual, but I thought maybe this time there was a reason. So I went to the clinic and I thought I was pregnant, but the doctor said that I wasn't. In fact, he told me that there was no way ever that I can be.\" \" Well maybe he was wrong,\" Daisy suggested. \" He did a full examination,\" Minnie said. \"And I went to another doctor to get a second opinion.\" She shrugged. \"I'm barren.\" \" I'm sorry, Minnie,\" Daisy said hugging her friend. \" That doesn't mean that you two shouldn't get married,\" I suggested. \"You could always adopt or hire a surrogate, or you know there are childless couples out there. That doesn't mean you won't be happy.\" \" I know but having children means so much to Mickey and to me,\" Minnie said. \"We have talked endlessly about it. Mickey lost his family at so young an age and I have always wanted to be a mother one day. Now for Mickey to find out there's no way….\"She trailed off her voice in tears. \" There is always a way,\" Daisy said. \"You just have to tell him. I'm sure you can work it out.\" \" Absolutely,\" I said. \"You two are so happy together. I have never seen a couple more in love.\" I guess Minnie must have caught some jealousy in my voice because she looked right at me. \"Penny, what were you doing at the clinic?\" I was about to lie and tell her I was working on an article about expectant mothers but the secret had been buried in my chest so long that I wanted to let it out. \"I had a similar reason to be there but it was the opposite result. I am pregnant.\" Daisy squealed with delight. \"Unbelievable that is so great! One of us is having a baby I mean really having a baby I mean-\" She then looked to Minnie. \"I'm sorry Minnie I mean-\" Minnie smiled. Her earlier sadness was gone. \"No it is wonderful news! Congratulations Penny! And to Goofy.\" \" I haven't told him yet,\" I said. My friends asked me why so I finally spilled about our marital problems, financial difficulties including my stalled job and Goofy getting fired from his job, and my ambivalence about being a mother. \"I'm not sure that I'm ready to have it or that I even want to have it.\" Minnie smiled thinly as she attempted to dry her eyes. \"It's funny, both you and Donald are about to be parents or godparents and you aren't sure that you want to be. Here Mickey and I want to be parents more than anything, and if he marries me, we can't. You know no matter what we try to sell with our movies and cartoons, the image we try to be and what we are soon going to put out to the world, the truth is nobody lives happy ever after because nobody ever truly gets what they want. They only make people feel good for a little while that such things are possible, even if it isn't always so.\" Daisy and I nodded. I will certainly have to agree. Minnie agreed to talk to Mickey about the doctor's prognosis but wasn't sure about accepting his proposal yet. The three of us left the Ladies' room together. The three of us stood and listened as the guys talked. Donald was clearly still worried about his sister's pregnancy and Goofy tried to reassure him. Mickey was half-reassuring Donald and half-looking at the bathroom door concerned about Minnie. Pluto had his head on Donald's lap as if trying to assure him in his own way. \" It ain't that big a deal, Donald,\" Goofy said. \" Yeah looking forward to the whining, the crying, the 3:00 feedings, the death of a social life,\" Donald moaned. Mickey looked confused. \"Donald you're their uncle, not their father. Della will be the one doing most of that.\" Donald glared at Mickey. \"You have met my sister haven't you? I will end up doing most if not all of it.\" \" Is that really so bad? \"Goofy asked. \"I mean yeah it's a lot of work, but at the end of the day there will be this little person that will love you and always be there.\" My eyes misted over and I thought of right then and there telling Goofy the news. Before I could Donald continued. \"Yeah?\" He said skeptically. \"Why don't you have one then?\" \" Well I want to have one,\" Goofy said. \"Kids are great. I hope I have a million of them.\" \" I must admit I wouldn't mind being a father of one or two myself one day,\" Mickey said. \" And Minnie and Penny want kids too?\" Donald grunted. \"I'm sure Daisy won't shut up about being an aunt.\" Minnie and I looked at Daisy who smiled and shrugged as if she couldn't deny it. Mickey and Goofy exchanged glanced but Mickey smiled. \"Sure Minnie does. She talks about being a mother all the time. She'll be the best mother there is!\" Minnie gave a slight gasp and would have cried again but Daisy and I patted her on the shoulders. \" And Penny wants kids as much as I do,\" Goofy said. \"I'm sure she does. Anyway, even if she don't I can always get her to change her mind.\" I could almost feel myself fall through a crack in the floor. Was Goofy really saying that? Did he really want children so badly that he wanted to force them on me? Underneath all of that sweetness, klutziness, and silliness he was no different than the people I knew. I nodded at the girls and we sat down next to them. Minnie had her head downward not looking at Mickey. Daisy held Donald's hand in wordless support. I glared at Goofy and just picked at the food on my plate. I didn't say anything on the way home from the restaurant, I was too mad. When we finally stopped at the apartment I entered the door and angrily placed my purse and hung my coat on a hanger in the closet. Goofy just threw his coat on the floor. This somehow angered me more. \"Could you please put your clothes away in the closet or in a dresser and not on the floor?\" Goofy meekly. \"I'm sorry, honey,\" he said. \" You are so impossible,\" I glared. \" I said I was sorry,\" Goofy objected. \" It's not about the coat,\" I half-screamed. \"How could you tell Mickey and Donald that we wanted children? And then you tell them that even if I don't you can change my mind,\" I said! \" I didn't mean nothin' by it,\" Goofy said. \"I thought you wanted them!\" \" I never said that,\" I said. \"We never talked about it!\" \" Because you won't talk about it! \"Goofy snapped. \"Every time I bring it up you change the subject!\" \" What makes you think I even like children?\" I asked. \" Because I see you with them,\" Goofy said. \"At the Iwerks' Home, when we're at the park, or with Mickey's nephews. You talk to them and your face lights up and you have the greatest smile. You have such a pleasant voice when talking to them. I picture you singing them lullabies and you are such a warm loving person that I can't wait for you to share that with a baby.\" He leaned over to kiss me and I wanted to receive him. I really did. But I remember my earlier anger and pulled away. \"Goofy, no you can't just sweet talk me and kiss me and make it better! You are trying to decide my life for me! You want me to want to have children, because you do! I spent my whole life like that with other people making decisions for me! I thought you were different than them!\" \" I am,\" Goofy said. \"I want kids more than anything in the world, but I only want them when you're ready.\" \" What if I never want them?\" I ask. \"What if I decide that I would rather have a career and a childfree home? Would you be alright with that?\" Goofy looked downward and I could tell his answer was no, so I continued. \"Goofy, look around. Do you really think this is a good home to raise a child in with money problems, and two parents who are constantly angry with each other?\" \" My Dad and I never had much money and neither did my Pop and me when I moved in with him,\" Goofy reasoned. \"If there's love there it can survive any ob-stack-le.\" \" Maybe love can't survive when people are too different,\" I suggested. \"Maybe a child would only make things worse.\" I hesitated before I answered. \"Maybe, we want too many different things and maybe we can't make them fit. George, maybe we should separate for a little while.\" Goofy looked wounded. \"You serious?\" he asked. I nodded. \"Just long enough to think things over.\" \" I'll spend the night at Mickey's,\" Goofy said. He walked into the bedroom and picked up a few things. As soon as he emerged from the bedroom, his suitcase was packed haphazardly with clothes bulging out of it. \"Penny, promise me that while I'm gone you'll eat something,\" he said. I started. I didn't realize Goofy had paid attention. \"What are you talking about?\" Goofy dropped his suitcase. \"Come on, Pen, I ain't blind. You always make some excuse about not having dinner, you're too busy, too tired from work. I hadn't seen you eat in front of me in over a week now and I saw what you did at Tony's, putting the food on your napkin. It ain't healthy, Pen.\" I felt my stomach growl and my head feel light, but I kept picturing myself fat and enormous. No I have to continue. \"I'm just under a lot of pressure and I haven't had an appetite that's all.\" I said. \" For nearly two weeks?\" Goofy questioned. \"I'm worried about ya! I don't want you starving yourself. I don't even know why you're beautiful!\" \" No, I'm not,\" I said. \"All I see is this ugly gangly awkward thing.\" \" That ain't what I see,\" Goofy said. \" Well you see things differently,\" I said. \"I thought you were leaving.\" \" I ain't gonna leave until you promise to eat something,\" Goofy insisted. I sighed. \"Alright, I will,\" I said. Goofy looked at me with those sad pleading eyes. I couldn't say anymore to him, so I turned around and headed to my bedroom and shut the door. I heard the front door close behind me. I leapt up, \"George I think we're making…\" I said but the empty living room was my only answer… … .. Well I hadn't had much energy to write lately. I've been spending most of my time at work working on the calendar and filler articles. I don't talk to my colleagues except to hand them the copy and leave for the day. When someone asks me what's wrong, I just glower and say that I just want to be left alone. The apartment seems bigger and emptier without Goofy around. He calls every night, but I hang up the phone not ready to talk to him. I thought about breaking down and eating something like I promised. I even bought a small cobb salad and sat with it on the table, moving it up and down on my fork. My stomach stopped growling a long time ago, or I just ignore it I'm not sure which. I can also somehow feel the other presence inside, it wants to eat too. I hold the fork up to my mouth, but then think. I can't control my job when I'm stuck. I can't control my body, because I am unexpectedly pregnant. I can't control my marriage, now that my husband's gone. I may end up a single mother! I'm powerless, more helpless than when I lived with my parents. Would my life always spin out of control? I thought I could make it without them and now here I am in worse shape than ever! I can't handle anything except what I eat, and how much I eat. I sigh, pick up the cobb salad, and besides being aware that I just wasted food, I throw it in the trash uneaten. I lay down on the couch and hug one of the decorative pillows. No I can't be a mother. I am already jeopardizing the life of my baby by not eating. So, what difference does it make if it doesn't exist anymore. I think about what Dr. Maltin said when I first met him: We can make arrangements to have this pregnancy terminated if this is what you wish, Mrs. Goof. I have always been pro-choice, maybe it's about time I made one. I weigh the pros and cons in my head until I can't think anymore. Was it fair for me to have an abortion without telling Goofy? He is the father and he wants children. What if this is his only chance to have them? What about me? Will I be able to raise this baby on my own? The arguments ring in my head until I'm too dizzy to think about it. In fact, I'm getting too dizzy to write. Maybe I'd better sleep on it and think more about it tomorrow…. … . Thank you to any God who's listening that Daisy gave me my journal! I was about to die of boredom in this hospital bed. Of course after the past couple of days of anxiety and worry, I could use some time to think but too much of it can be tiring. Wow a lot did happen and made things much clearer in my life. I love my husband and I love our baby, love our friends, and I'm even beginning to love myself a little more. Let's see where we left off, I was depressed because I forced Goofy and I to separate, I wasn't eating properly, and considered having an abortion. You never realize what it takes to realize how important things are and how much people mean to you. I knew that when I saw the flames at the Iwerks Children's Home and panicked that Goofy was inside them. I was writing one of my filler articles and inside the news room was simply Mr. Owlsner and myself. All of the other news writers were on assignment. It was so quiet that I heard the click of the heels of Mr. Owlsner's secretary, Maria More, outside the room. \"Mr. Owlsner,\" she said breathlessly. \"There's a story on the teletype, a big one!\" Mr. Owlsner ran to the teletype and hollered so loudly. \"There's a big fire at the Iwerks' Home!\" I sprang up. This didn't sound good. My heart broke for those kids, Mr. Oswald, Mrs. Ortensia, and Miss Alice. Mr. Owlsner looked around to see if anyone was there. \"All my best writers are out!\" \" Let me do it, Mr. Owlsner,\" I said grabbing my notebook, camera, and tape recorder. I felt dizzy from the lack of food, but I ignored it. Here was my chance and I needed to help the Children's Home. I confirmed what was no doubt going through Ed Owlsner's mind. \"The Iwerks Home is six blocks away,\" I said. \"I'm your only chance to get the story. Let me do it, sir.\" Mr. Owlsner. \"Alright,\" he glowered. \"But write like a man, not soft, squishy lovey dovey! Write like a reporter!\" \" Yes sir,\" I smiled as I ran out of the news room and down the elevator. I could see the smoke even before I ran to the home. Fire engines screamed as firefighters gathered to put out the flames. I got some statements from the fighters about the fire itself how big it was, the cause, and if there were any casualties. (Five alarm, faulty wiring, and no not yet but there were still people inside the building that they were trying to get out.) I ran through the spectators and tried to get a few comments while I took pictures of the fire as the fire crew worked. Even though I was worried about the home and the children, I did feel the reporter blood begin to boil on how big this news was. Not just the excitement but the anger. I knew the Iwerks building was old, but faulty wiring? Why wasn't the Toon Town City Council onto this? And where was Los Angeles County when this was going on? I saw Mr. Oswald and Mrs. Ortensia surrounded by a group of children. I called Oswald's name and he turned to see me, \"Oswald, do you have a minute for some questions?\" I asked breathlessly I realized that the excitement and lack of food was making me dizzy, but no I had a job to do. I couldn't back down now. \"What happened?\" Oswald glared and for the first time the normally calm easy-going sweet-tempered rabbit (except when 'his' kids caused trouble) was angry. \"I tell you what happened,\" he practically spat. He motioned for me to walk with him. He let a couple of the children go, so he could be alone with me. He gave the kids a hug and Ortensia a kiss before he talked to me. \" This building had been a death trap for years,\" Oswald swore. \"I have taken it up with the City Council numerous times that we needed better facilities and they never listened. Oh sure, they put it through the meetings but they said it was a county problem and you know how the county is in helping us 'toons!\" I knew Los Angeles County would take its time in helping if it ever did. \"We tried to keep the place open. These kids wouldn't have a home if we didn't. But the roof had holes in it and the walls leaked. Let's not even discuss the wires.\" He motioned at the flames as though they spoke for him. \"Just think it was during the Entertainment.\" I wrote as fast as he talked. I started. \"Entertainment? What do you mean?\" Now Oswald looked confused. \"I thought you knew-Goofy would have told you-\" Obviously he didn't know we were separated. \"Well Mickey and the others were doing an entertainment when the fire started.\" He nodded closer to the window where Minnie, Pluto, and Daisy were forming a chain as children were being carried out. I saw Mickey stick his head out occasionally to carry a child as Minnie gathered them. I ran towards them asking quick questions about what was going on. \"Some of the younger children were trapped upstairs,\" Minnie replied. Mickey, Donald, and Goofy are getting them and we're helping them get out of the building.\" I felt sick and began to hyperventilate. \"Goofy no,\" I said in denial. \"Where is he?\" \" Him and Donald are still inside,\" Daisy said as Mickey jumped out with a child in his arms. Minnie and Daisy helped push him out as he coughed. \"Donald's right behind me.\" True to his word, Donald appeared holding two girls who clung to him. Both Daisy and Minnie held the loves of their lives as they coughed in their arms. My eyes filled. \"Where's Goofy?\" I asked frantically. \" He was right behind us,\" Mickey said. \" He went after Little Joe,\" Donald coughed. \"The idiot ran off!\" I tried so hard to continue working on the interviews but my mind kept drifting to the thought of Goofy inside that building as the flames began to finally lower because of the water from the hoses. More than anything I wanted my husband to live and I wanted his baby! I wanted to wrap Goofy around my arms and tell him how much I loved him, and how much I needed him in my life, how proud I was to be pregnant with his child. I couldn't stop crying. I knew I had to be a reporter, but right then I was a woman who was worried about her husband and the father of her child. \" Goof,\" a familiar strident voice yelled. I looked up to see Mr. Owlsner glaring at me \"I knew you weren't the man for this job! You're not made for hard news if a fire is going to make you cry! You are too soft for this job-~!\" \" YOU SHUT UP!\" Daisy yelled at Mr. Owlsner. \"Penny is doing her job! She interviewed people and she is working on her article! Her husband happens to be in that building and she is worried about him! She is not just a reporter, she is a person and she is allowed to have feelings! Reporters are supposed to care about their subjects and Penny does that! If you had any decency or compassion you would see that in her!\" I smiled at Daisy. We will never have what Mickey, Goofy, and Donald or even what she and Minnie have-years of friendship that evolved to a close family, but I will always be grateful for what we do have and right then how Daisy stood up for me. I mouthed thank you and she mouthed you're welcome back at me. Mr. Owlsner sputtered and looked embarrassed. \"Alright, carry on then, Goof,\" he said as though that were his original thought. \" Yes sir,\" I said as two firefighters emerged with a tall lanky figure between them, a familiar figure. \"George,\" I ran to my husband happy tears filling my eyes. In Goofy's arms was a small young male kitten boy. \"Here's Little Joe,\" Goofy said between coughs. He handed him to Mrs. Ortensia and Mr. Oswald who hugged the little boy. The paramedics lay Goofy on a gurney and put an oxygen mask on him. \"Is he going to be okay?\" I asked. \" He has tremendous smoke inhalation,\" said the attendant. \"We have to take him to the hospital.\" \" You idiot,\" I said to him with tears in my eyes. \"You have to promise you will never do something so stupid, again!\" \" I had to save those kids,\" Goofy said. I touched my womb. \"What about this kid? Don't you think our baby should see its father?\" \" Well I figured he'd be okay and-\" Goofy began, but then the full meaning of what I said hit him at once. \"You're pregnant?\" I nodded happily. \"I'm going to be a Dad!\" He cheered. \"I'm gonna be a dad! She's gonna be a Mom!\" He was about to leap from the stretcher when the paramedics held him down. \" That's great Mr. Goof,\" one said amused. \"But lie down, so you can be looked after.\" \" I'll lie down, I'll lie down,\" Goofy said. \"I'm gonna be a dad!\" \" I'm coming with you,\" I insisted. \"I have to be with you in the hospital. Oh wait-\"I looked towards the direction of the Talker. \"I haven't finished the article. I haven't typed or copyedited it yet. I can get someone else to finish it-\" \" -No Penny,\" Goofy said. \"You do it, you're here. That building ain't right and we all know it. Don't let what happened to us happen to anyone else. I'll be alright for a little while.\" \" I'll come to you as soon as I finish,\" I promised. I gave the paramedics the Talker number and to give me any information about Goofy's condition immediately. I must have won an award for the fastest time to get an article typed, copy edited, posted, photographs to be developed, and the article to get put in the paper and to bed. Nick was putting the finishing touches with the News section as I finished. \"Hey Penny,\" Nick said. \"Heard it was a good story.\" I stopped to catch my breath feeling the dizziness and sickness fill my entire body. I ignored it for too long. \"Yeah,\" I said breathlessly. \"Now I am going to be at the hos-uh hospital to be with-huh-my husband-\" That was far as I got when the room spun around and I saw lights around my eyes before I collapsed. I woke up and realized that I was in the hospital. I lay in a bed with a nurse and Dr. Maltin standing over me, as well as a lioness doctor that I didn't recognize. \"No,\" I said. \"I have to see my husband,\" I begged. \"Where is my husband?\" \" He's fine, Mrs. Goof,\" Dr. Maltin said. \"He's in the burn unit. They are investigating right now as we speak.\" \" Then why am I here?\" I asked. \" Because you fainted at work Mrs. Goof and your co-worker Nick Noseworthy called it in,\" the female doctor said. \"My name is Dr. Hightower and I work with psychiatric problems, specifically eating disorders.\" \" Eating disorders?\" I said. \"No, I don't have that. I don't know what you are talking about.\" \" Mrs. Goof,\" Dr. Maltin said. \"Your last exam showed that you were dangerously underweight. That is not only harmful for you but for the baby you are carrying. It needs nourishment. If it doesn't it could be born premature and underweight. It may not be born at all.\" I touched my womb. When I wasn't sure whether I wanted the baby or not, it never occurred to me that I was doing any damage to the baby by not eating. Now that I knew that I wanted it, I felt horrible. Was I secretly trying to abort this baby on my own by diminishing its chances for survival? \"I'm terrible, horrible. I don't deserve to have this baby or my husband!\" \" Sure you do, Penny,\" a familiar voice said. I looked up to see Goofy. He was in a hospital gown and tied to an oxygen tank to help him breathe because of the some inhalation. Doctors and nurses ran frantically after him. \" George,\" I said with tears in my eyes. \"I'm so sorry.\" Goofy ran towards me knocking the tank down. He hugged and kissed me as we both apologized for all the things we did and said to each other. \" Mr. Goof, please return to your room right now,\" a nurse commanded. \" Gawrsh, okay, see you later honey,\" I waved at my husband. Dr. Hightower and Maltin smiled at my retreating husband. \"I don't know why but I love him so,\" I said with laugh. \"Okay I do know why. I want to have this baby and I want to eat again.\" \" That's a good first step, Mrs. Goof,\" Dr. Hightower said. \"But we need to work out the reasons why you were starving yourself.\" \" I was under a lot of stress and dealing with pressures at work and in my marriage,\" I said. \" Yes but many have that problem, Mrs. Goof,\" Dr. Hightower. \"What we need to figure out are the root causes of your anorexia nervosa and why you chose to act as you did.\" \" Plus, you need to get your weight back up to normal for yourself and the baby,\" Dr. Maltin added. \" What do you suggest?\" I asked. \" We think that you should spend some time in an Eating Disorder Clinic,\" Dr. Hightower said. I was about to object but she continued. \"I'm the main physician so I will be with you every step of the way. We will have counseling sessions and talk about your problems and get you slowly to start eating again.\" \" Can I have visitors?\" I asked. Dr. Hightower smiled. \"I have a feeling that we couldn't keep your husband from visiting if we tried.\" I laughed. \"You probably couldn't.\" \" You may have visitors but you don't want to overexert yourself, so not too many,\" she said. \" Well I will have to take some time off at work,\" I said. \" That has already been arranged, Mrs. Goof,\" Dr. Maltin said. \"Your editor, Mr. Noseworthy was concerned and he informed your editor-in-chief.\" \" Well that's a relief,\" I said. \"Okay, I'll do it anything for my baby and my husband.\" \" Don't do this just for them,\" Dr. Hightower said. \"Do it for yourself.\" ….. … .. Well that puts me up to speed. I am sitting in the Disorder Clinic writing in my journal. Dr. Hightower has been very helpful. I told her about my parents and how they made me feel as a child. She made me see that I was still carrying their opinion of me even though I was married and independent, that I was still trying to measure up to their expectations. She reminds me that I don't have to be perfect and that I should allow myself wiggle room to make mistakes. And I have been eating. At first, I had been getting the liquids pumped into my body intravenously, then taking supplements that had the vitamins and minerals that my body lacked. Now I am finally eating solid food, beginning with little meals like salads, bread, and soup. Dr. Hightower said my weight is finally getting there. Of course I have visitors, Goofy has been released from the hospital with a clean bill of health and he has been to see me every day. He gives me a kiss, flowers, and reminds me how much he loves me. The others have also seen me. Donald and Daisy told me how much Donald is finally starting to look forward to being an uncle. \"The little regret's going to need a fatherly influence,\" he said gruffly, but he smiled. \" You'll be a good one,\" I promised Donald. Mickey and Minnie also offered some surprises. Minnie showed me her engagement ring now prominently on her right ring finger. \"We talked about it,\" she said with tears in her eyes. \"Mickey understands and he loves me anyway.\" \" Did you really doubt him?\" I asked. The biggest surprise came from Mickey. He showed me a new version of the contract with seven spaces for signatures. \"You're not just Goofy's wife or Daisy and Minnie's old friend,\" Mickey said. \"You're my friend too. I'm sorry I've been ignoring you.\" I smiled and hugged him and signed my name to the contract. \"I'm just glad that I have a great group of friends.\" I have also heard about the firestorm (pun not intended) that my article started. It made the front page of the Talker and received quite a bit of feedback. Many readers were disgusted at how the building had been in disrepair and wrote angry letters to the City Council and the County to have them look at it. The children and staff are currently staying in a temporary building, but it appears there may finally be enough pressure to have an entirely new building constructed that is up to regulation standards. I am so happy for them… … . I finally returned home after almost a week at the clinic. I wasn't quite ready to go back to work, yet so Goofy and I lay in each other's arms on the couch just talking and laughing when the phone rang. \" I'll get it,\" Goofy said. \"Hello Goof residence. This is Goofy speaking ahyuck.\" He stopped and handed the phone over to me. \"It's for you.\" I answered when I heard Mr. Owlsner's voice talk to me over the phone. \"Goof, I want you at the Talker tomorrow afternoon.\" \" Yes sir,\" I said. \"Do you want me to come back to work early?\" I was confused. They said I could take another couple of days off. \" No, you have been requested to have a private meeting with D.K. Owlson,\" he replied. I practically fell over. D.K. Owlson, the publisher wanted to meet with me! What for? Had he heard about my fainting? Did he wonder about my health and thought I didn't have the stamina to be a reporter? No, Penny, I thought, remember don't think like that. Be hopeful. Be positive. \"Okay, I'll be there,\" I said…. … Well to say the least, it was an interesting meeting. Not only that but the conversation between Goofy and me later made everything complete. I appeared at the meeting dressed in my long olive-green skirt, blazer, and white shirt. Even though I was dressed professionally, I could feel my knees knocking for several minutes. I rode the elevator up to the highest level of the Talker building and told the secretary that I was here to see D.K. Owlson. \" Yes, you've been expected go right in,\" the woman said. I walked inside and saw a female owl sitting behind the desk. She was dressed in black slacks and a blazer and her dark hair was tied back. She was older, but reminded me of one of those old movie stars like Katharine Hepburn or Lauren Bacall, who still looked tough but glamorous. She was talking on the phone with a throaty voice that sounded like she once smoked too much. \"Alright, Ed, sounds like a great idea, I'll talk to you later,\" she said. I was confused. \"D.K. Owlson?\" I was embarrassed that I hadn't realized that D.K. Owlson, the publisher and Mr. Owlsner's writing partner during WWII that he spoke so highly was a woman! D.K. Owlson laughed and she looked at the nameplate on her desk. \"Oh, I have to remember to turn this thing around once in a while. There.\" I read the nameplate that read. \"Dorothy Katharine Owlson.\" \" You worked with Ed Owlsner during the war?\" I said. Ms. Owlson nodded. \"Some of the most exciting times!\" I was amazed. \"I read some of the articles that you did covering both the Atlantic and Pacific Theatres. That was quite impressive that you were there writing for all the major events-\" \" -Almost,\" Ms. Owlson corrected. \"We arrived at Normandy on June 7, darn plane made us one day late! You sound amazed.\" \" Well impressed,\" I said. \"All your articles were written as Dee Owlson, I never thought that you were a –\" \" -Well neither did many of the soldiers I interviewed,\" Ms. Owlson said. \"It was just easier to go under the name Dee and avoid any unnecessary complications.\" \" And you're the publisher so that makes you Ed Owlsner's boss,\" I said feeling like an idiot. \"But he has, if you will forgive me for saying so, a very negative opinion about female news writers.\" Ms. Owlson laughed. She was obviously used to his behavior. \"Ed Owlsner is a good editor. However, he is rather old-fashioned. He seems to think of me as the exception to the rule. It never occurs to him that the exception COULD be the rule. But he does a good job with the paper and he is my husband, so I have to live with it.\" \" Your husband?\" I said with a laugh. \" Well how else do you think he got the job,\" Ms. Owlson said with a wink. \"I am just kidding. We are both good at what we do but we keep our professional lives separate. That's why I use my maiden name instead of my married one. Now you're wondering why I called you. Have a seat. Would you like a drink?\" I nodded and looked downward. \"Just a glass of ice water will be fine.\" Ms. Owlson poured and handed me the water. \"I read your article about the Iwerks' fire as well as your other efforts. Not only that but you have quite a talent that my husband has not seen fit to promote. Am I right?\" I didn't want to say anything, but something about Ms. Owlson made me want to tell her the truth. \" No, he doesn't want me to write for the news,\" I said. \"He thinks I'm too soft and feminine.\" \" Well we'll see about that,\" Ms. Owlson said. \"How would you like me to personally suggest to Ed that you get promoted to the news team as a full-time writer?\" I smiled. \"Really you would do that?\" \" Of course Ed Owlsner's word may be law down there,\" She pointed downwards at the news room. Then she pointed at her office. \"But up here and at home, it's my word that gets the final say.\" I felt like flying. Here she was offering the chance of a lifetime. I wanted it so badly, but then I remembered. \"Thanks Ms. Owlson, but it wouldn't be fair to you or the paper. I'll have to go on leave in a few months.\" D.K. Owlson smiled. \"How long are you?\" I was surprised. \"I assumed when you wanted water even though we know what assuming makes. It turns out I was right this time.\" \" Only a month,\" I answered. \" Well tell you what,\" Ms. Owlson said. \"We'll work something out. You work for the news division, write your little heart out, until say you're sixth or seventh month. Then, you'll be at the copyediting desk, temporarily until you go on maternity leave. I could never live with myself if too much stress damages either of you. If after your little one is born, if you decide that your life is cribs, bottles, and diapers then my blessing on you and yours. But if you want to come back to the paper, then there will be a place snugly waiting for you in the news room when you get back.\" \" Really, you would do that for me?\" I asked. \" Absolutely,\" D.K. Owlson said. She looked at me almost like a mother to a daughter. \"You see when I started, you were either a mother or a career woman. Many women made one choice, but I made another. I don't regret it, but well, it's never fair that women have to make that choice. You could be both.\" \" Thank you, Ms. Owlson, I appreciate it!\" I said shaking her hand. \" Call me Dee,\" she said. \" Dee,\" I said practically dancing out of her office….. … .. I told Goofy about my meeting with Dee Owlson and he smiled and hugged me. \"That's great, Penny! I always knew ya could do it! In fact, it fits nicely into something I've been thinking about.\" \" What?\" I asked. \" Well I thought a lot about what you said, about how I should 'find a job I love and stick to it.'\"Goofy said. \" George,\" I said. \"I should never have said that. That was a terrible thing to say.\" \" But it had some truth in it,\" Goofy interrupted. \"And you're right. I do get distracted easily. Maybe the jobs don't satisfy me. But I think I found one that might.\" \" What?\" I asked. \" Well I've been thinking about it since the fire and I was thinking about those poor kids who didn't have a mom or a dad to look after them and I've been thinking about our baby and how he will have both,\" Goofy stammered. \"So I was wonderin' if it's okay with you that since you just got this job and you're gonna do great at it. That I can stay at home and take care of the little one!\" I was surprised. \"Really, George? For how long?\" \" Until the baby's older, school maybe,\" Goofy said. \"But I want to be there to feed him, and rock him, and help him sleep, tickle him and hear his little laugh.\" I had tears in my eyes. I could just picture George Goof doing that and he would be wonderful at it. \"But George, people may say things, make fun of you calling you a wimp saying you're doing woman's work-\" \" -Since when I have ever cared what people say about me,\" Goofy reminded me. \"Come on Penny, you are always talking about femin-femmy-femalist! You are always saying that women can do anything a man can do. Well I'm thinking why can't a man look after his baby as good as any woman?\" \" And why not,\" I said kissing him. \"George Geef Goof, you will be a wonderful stay-at-home dad!\" \" And you'll be the best writer and Mama,\" Goofy agreed….. … Goofy and I are lying in bed discussing names. \"Why not George Jr.?\" Goofy teases. \" George, I grew up my whole life with Jr's. II's, III's and so on. I knew someone who was a VI! There's nothing wrong with that, but this baby should be his own person. At least as a first name. He shouldn't just be an extension of his family's names,\" I answer \" So what do you think?\" Goofy asks I consider. Peter? No, James no too common. \"Well it should be unique because this baby will be unique like his father.\" \" Or his mother?\" Goofy says chucking me on the chin. \"Yeah it'll be one in a million alright.\" The word rang through my head…million…million. That's it! \"How about Maximillian?\" I suggest. \" Great,\" Goofy smiles \"And for short we'll call him Max or Maxie!\" \" That's our boy,\" I say \"What if it's a girl?\" \" Millie?\" Goofy says. \" Too close to Millicent,\" I make a face. \"Nothing on Minnie but-\" Goofy understands. It's the name of the woman who gave birth to me. \" Alright Maxine,\" Goofy says. \" That will work,\" I say stretching out and lie down ready for bed. We whisper good-night to each other. Goofy then leans down to my womb and kisses it. \"Good-night, Maxie,\" he whispers inside. \" Silly Goof,\" I tease. \"His ears haven't formed yet. He can't hear you.\" \" Sure he can,\" Goofy says as his head rests against my chest. I smile. \"Good night Maxie,\" I whisper to our baby. I rub my husband's head and think of how we almost separated. May I never do anything to hurt this wonderful man ever again! Author's Notes Penny's boss' name Ed Owlsner is a tribute to Ed Asner who played Lou Grant on the Mary Tyler Moore Show and did several Disney voices such as Hudson in Gargoyles and Carl in Up . Dr. Maltin's name is a tribute to Leonard Maltin, film critic, Disney historian and the author of The Disney Films , the definitive book of Disney movies. I used it for a recent blog of book reviews for books on Hollywood. Goofy mentioned \"Meatballs Wednesday\" in the first Goof Troop episode, \"Everything's Coming Up Goofy.\" Like all traditions, it has to start somewhere Tony's is the Italian restaurant that Lady and the Tramp (1954) go to for their famous spaghetti dinner. It is still staffed by Tony and his skinny buddy, Joe. The design company that Minnie works for is Clopin's, named after the very colorfully dressed flamboyant Gypsy Narrator/Court of Miracles Judge, Clopin from the Hunchback of Notre Dame (1997) The way that the unnamed film company agreed to distribute the cartoons but gave the gang total creative control was similar to the arrangement made between Walt Disney and the original film companies like RKO that distributed his works and the later arrangement between the Disney Company and Pixar. (Yes I know that technically by this point Mickey and the gang have been showing their shorts and movies for decades before that. Pretend that up until they have only been showing them for friends, acquaintances and some of the Toon Town residents. This just means that they'll be showing them to the wider non-Toon audience.) Of course the various suggestions for the name of their company are all titles of subsequent Disney TV series. Except for Paws Incorporated, which is Jim Davis' company that licenses Garfield and its merchandise. Goofy's line \"Kids are great, I hope I have a million of 'em.\" Comes from the Goofy short Parents Are People which was also the debut of Goofy Jr. AKA Max. D.K. Owlson was inspired in part by real-like war correspondent reporter, Dorothy Thompson and Washington Post publisher, Katherine Graham. She was also inspired by Katharine Hepburn's character Tess Harding in Woman of the Year (my favorite Spencer Tracy-Katharine Hepburn movie) ","Summary":" Memories of the Dance We Shared A Goofy Movie Fanfic By Auburn Red Disclaimer: I created Trixie Goo"},{"Movie":"A Goofy Movie","Title":"Keep your focus Maxie","Author":"Cornoa","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11840887","Passage":"[Chapter 1] How could this have happened? Leafs rustled and the cold wind tugged in Max clothes and hair. He sat by the big fountain on campus and glanced around but passerbyers didn't dare to look at him. Lowered eyes or whispering followed by laughter, felt like stabbing knives and Max bit his lip. People that had admired him now joked about him behind his back, like old days. In a big sigh he looked at his own skateboard and kicked it hard. Right now he hated everything he had become and it was thanks to that stupid board. To be fair he was the one to blame, not an object. A big shadow drifted above him and made him even colder. He looked up and it was the big X game air ship that covered the sun. Just looking at the X-game logo made him even more angry and sad about everything. It was two hours before the X-game's final and PJ and Bobby had cut him out from the team. Goofy didn't pick up the phone and Roxanne… well… Max assumed she was with Bradley Uppercrust in the Gamma house. Everything had crumbled into pieces and Max didn't even know when it had begun. He sighed and buried his face in his gloved hands. He had blew everything and for what? Nothing… If he only could go back in time and fix everything that had gone wrong… Maximillian Goof had become the X-game king and the most wanted dude on the college ground. The second year had passed him like a blurry fast forward movie. He had survived every class and Team99 had also won the X-games two years in a row. Which meant that Team Gamma had lost this year as well. To see Bradley Uppercrust so mad had been a nice feeling and to hoist the cup had been so thrilling. But the best part about this whole year was that it had been parent free. No Goofy meant a lot more wild college life and much more freedom. That had fit Max perfect, he needed distance and find his own self and life. And o boy he had found himself just fine here. Skateboarding, fun parties and great people. Everybody knew him, and everyone wanted to be around him. His whole life had turned upside down and he was someone here. Which made him feel pretty sad to leave his new life and travel back home during summer. He had promised his dad to spend some time with him and with PJ and Bobby by his side, it would be a rather decent holiday. Max packed his lasts things and closed his trunk with a loud bang. \"Ready to travel home?\", Max sighed and looked at his friends. Bobby laid in his bed and lazily picked at an escaping thread on his shirt. PJ had checked his packing list one last time to be sure that he hadn't forget anything. Max felt conflicted about traveling home, he would miss this. He took a last glance at their old room and clenched his fists. He really didn't want to leave… \"Cheer up Maxboy you have Team99 backing you up!\", Bobby said and eyed Max above his purple glasses, he rose up from the bed and fetched his on baggage. \"I know, but… I really going to miss this\", Max said and grabbed his suitcase. \"Come on, let's move\" \"Hold up boys, did you three really think you could just leave this place without saying good bye? You really begging for bad karma\" Max smiled and turned around and Miss Mocha leaned at the doorframe with crossed arms. PJ was the first one to welcome here with a hug and kiss. The two was the oddest but in the same time loveliest couple Max knew of. They always stuck together and had the strangest nicknames, cute and odd at the same time. It was rather sad that they wouldn't celebrate their anniversary together. With that in mind Max gave his female friend a rather big and supporting hug after her long cuddle time with PJ. \"You'll see us soon enough\", Max smiled. \"Soon is a rather individual word, Max\", she said and rolled her eyes. \"No one sees it the same way\" \"Yeah. Yeah, you'll miss us, do you have a hug left for Bobby?\" Bobby laughed and flung out with his arms and gave Mocha a hug that lift her form the ground. Max withdrew with a laugh and listened to Mocha's and Bobby's discussion about no touching and karma. A stunning feeling crept around in Max body when he remember that he wouldn't hear them argue during the whole summer. He scratched his neck and looked down at the floor, he would really miss this place. Why had he promised dad to travel home during summer? The old man had Sylvia and everything, why couldn't he leave Max alone? \"Come on, we need to get moving\", he said after a while, sooner they hit the road the better. Traveling home took about five hours. The trio joked and talked about plans for summer and how to fit training in their tight schedule. Max held up with their conversation but his head was filled with other thoughts. How would it be to stay home five weeks? How would it be to chare roof with his dad again? How would it be to meet people from his old school?. No, Max overthought this… But Max became more and more anxious for every mile closer to home… Nothing got better when they drove by their old school and nostalgia hit Max rock hard in his face. All the familiar roads and places and all the emotions they projected made Max a bad driver. PJ had to remind him about keeping distance from cars and that the middle line was there for a reason. Max tried to focus but slipped away on his nostalgia train. There was the old music shop he had seen Roxanne for the first time. And next to it laid the ice cream bar they had have their first date…. Why did he think about Roxanne right now? Max shook his head and focused on the road again. She was an ended chapter in his life, they have had three great years but she had left the town and broken up with him. She had decided to study abroad and Max hadn't want to be the one to pin her down. Everything was cool but it was kind of understandable to think about her, it was just because of his nostalgia, nothing more… She wasn't here anyhow… \"MAX STOP!\" Max stomped on the break and the van jolted and the seatbelt pressed every ounce of air from Max's lungs. His heart drummed hard against his chest and he took deep breaths to calm down. Adrenaline pumped and Max was thankful to be alive. What had he not seen on the road? He looked up behind the steering wheel and his eyes widened even more when he saw what he had nearly hit. There, right in front of the van stood a red haired girl with big brown eyes. She held a book in a firm grip, her knuckles white of tension. She looked just as surprised and scared as Max felt. Roxanne… how could it be? She was cuter than ever with a nice white summer dress that followed her curves perfect. What was she doing here? They just stared at each other and Max waved shamefully at her, she just continued to stare at him with red locks waving in the summer breeze. \"Max you are the worst driver ever!\", Bobby yelled from the backseat and he unbuckled his seatbelt so he could hit his friend in the head. Max flinched and looked angry at Bobby who gave him a stare that could kill him on the spot. It was always frightening to see Bobby angry because he was always so cheerful and unconcerned. Max bit his lip and glanced back on the road. Roxanne was gone, had she just been an illusion? \"What did I do?\", Max said goofily and Bobby respond with another smack. \"You nearly killed a girl, I take the wheel, you are prohibited to drive this vehicle any further bro\" They switched places and the three didn't speak rest of the way home. Bobby had the eyes on the road, PJ was still pale and kind of zooned out from the near crash. Max on the other hand was still confused about the girl, had it been Roxanne? He would never know. If it was her she would probably never talk to him again. Why would you talk to someone that had nearly killed you? \"Good job, Max, good job\", he murmured to himself and leaned his head against the window. \"Maxie gawsh you are home!\" Max barely got out from the van when Goofy sprung out from the house and ran down the yard to greet him. Max never got the time to brace himself before Goofy welcomed his son home with a hug and a kiss on the forehead. Max pushed his dad away, but couldn't resist to smile a bit. Bobby slammed the door shut and helped Max and PJ to unload their stuff under silence. The tension from their near car crash experience still hung in the air. \"Hope nothing happened on the road\", Goofy said and scratched is neck while looking at the boys. \"Max nearly got us and a girl killed\", Bobby said and Max gave him a glare, traitor. \"Gawsh, Max, is that true?\", Goofy said and his big eyes got even wider. \"What have I told you about focusing on the road?\" \"Well, I was just… it was stupid I know but nothing happened?\", Max flung out with his arms, but when none said anything he just ran his hand over his face. \"I'll never drive again, happy?\" \"I am\", said PJ closing the door, more like a joke than anything. \"Promise it won't happen again\" Max nodded and the three guys just smiled towards each other, an agreement about forgiveness. The trio said good bye and went different directions. Bobby disappeared in their hippie van PJ took all his stuff and headed home, right across the street. It was sad that Peter didn't greet his son like Goofy had. But Max had not time to think about it anymore before a hand ruffled his hair and he heard his dad's hyckily laugh. That laugh impaled Max into his bones and he shivered. What had he done to himself? Five weeks with his dad? Why had he agreed to this? \"Well, we can practice driving while traveling\", Goofy said and took Max's bag away from him. \"I have planned the whole thing ohboy you'll like it this time…\" Max heard his dad continue talking but it turned into murmur. Had he heard right, traveling? \"Traveling?\", Max repeated and he felt a slight twitch in his eyelid. \"Well of course Maxie poo, a road trip\", Goofy laughed and grabbed Max by his wrist and guided him towards their house. \"Dad, didn't you learn anything last time we traveled together?\", Max yelped and squirmed out of his dad's grip. \"Please don't make us do that again!\" The sadness in his dad's eyes made Max feel awful and like the worst son ever. But seriously they two in a car, around the country would not work at al. \"But Max…\" \"No, dad, I'm serious, if you want a travel companion, take Donald or Mickey with you, and beside I have my work at House of Mouse and…\" \"Okay Max I understand\", his dad said and sighed, his back hunched as always when he got sad. \"I'm sorry\", he murmured. \"But we can do other fun stuff when I'm home\" \"I'm suppose you're right\", Goofy said and Max could spot a smile in the corner of his mouth. With that smooth prevention of a road trip disaster they went inside and Sylvia greeted them both. Max got touched buy their welcome home celebration. Sylvia had cooked an amazing dinner and the kitchen was decorated with balloons and they had hung up a banner with big red letters that spelled. \"Welcome home Maxie\" Max actually felt a little guilty to disregard his dad and the planned road trip. The only thing he could do was to tell himself it was for the better. He was so filled up with emotions about today's adventure and the summer that was about to come. So much plans and so much to do. But he never really dropped the thought about Roxanne, what if she was the one he nearly killed today? He was sure of it but in the same time uncertain, how could he be sure? She had disappeared in a blink of an eye… had it been a ghost of his past? He thought about it so much that he never noticed that while he unpacked his luggage, a red haired girl with a white dress looked up at his window across the street.[Chapter 2] Max soon forgot about Roxanne again though. The first week of their vacation flew by and he took every opportunity to be with PJ and Bobby. It felt like old summers when they spent most of the time at the old skateboarding ramp behind Max house. They had been young and have had no problems what so ever, Team99 against the world. Max could miss those summers sometimes. However, the ramp was nothing compared to X-games, after al it was he and Goofy who had built it, but it was something. The boys practiced as much as they could and tried to figuring out how Bradley Uppercrust and his companions could cheat next year. Theories like rocket ships and submarines was the most normal method they discussed. The thing with Team Gamma was that you could never understand how they worked or their next move. You could just think of the most impossible or bizarre way to cheat and they would do an even MORE bizarre thing. \"What about aliens?\", Bobby asked and unfastened his white ufo-like helmet. They sat on the grass in the shadow from the ramp just to take a break from the warm sun. Both Max and PJ laughed. The thing was if Bradley could he would force aliens to abduct his rivals. Max laid down in the grass and shut his eyes. Summer break was so underestimated sometimes, it was so nice to not have any lectures or exams to think about. \"Hi boys, do you want some refreshments?\" Max opened his eyes and Goofy walked towards them with a tray of lemonade. It sparkled in the sun and the ice cubes clinked against the carafe. Both PJ and Bobby eagerly grabbed a glass and filled them to the top. \"Thanks\", Max said and Goofy reached him a glass. \"No problem Maxie\", Goofy said and chuckled. \"When you boys have finish your practice maybe we can eat dinner at House of Mouse, just you and me?\" And all other of Goofy's friends. Max exhaled and looked down at the yellow liquid. It was enough to work at House of Mouse during the summers. He didn't want to be there more than necessary. Everyone there drove him a little nuts sometimes, except Huey, Dewye and Louie. But in the same time… he wanted to do Goofy happy. \"Yeah… of course\" \"But Max don't you remember, we have a date with the cinema tonight\" Bobby tilted his head a little. \"Yeah, but…\", Max began and scratched his neck. \"I mean…\" \"Max it's alright\", said Goofy and smiled a little. \"Gawsh me and Sylvia can go together\" Goofy said it was alright but Max could see he got hurt. One week had passed and al Max had done was work or hanged out with his friends. He and Goofy hadn't talked so much after al and well, it was not fair towards him. Guilt hit Max and he began to pick grass from the yard. Tomorrow, he would do something with his dad tomorrow. \"Well if you want, we can take it tomorrow?\", said Max and looked up at his dad who brighten up like the sun itself. \"Ahyuck! It's a deal\", Goofy laughed and ruffled Max's hair. \"Have fun tonight boys\" Max sighed and shook his head when Goofy had closed the door behind him. When would Goofy just stop treating him like a toddler? When would his dad understand that his son needed space? A LOT of space. They have had so many conversations about this but it was like his dad forgot everything about it right after. To feel equal quilt and irritation was so annoying as well. Max grunted and rose up from the ground. He let the grass fall from his open palms before he kicked up his skateboard and caught it with his right hand. He was ready to do some tricks on the ramp. \"You go Max!\", PJ said and gave his friend a thumb up. Max climbed up the ramp and the warm breeze played with his t-shirt and hair. This was something he could do in his sleep. He slammed the skateboard down and placed a foot on it. He looked at his friends who had encouraging smiles. He was just about to leap out and do his thing when he heard a very familiar voice. \"Max?\" The chock made him stumble on his own feet. The only thing he recognized before he lost control and tumbled down was read hair and a brown nose. The blank surface on the ramp burned his knees when he slide down and his skateboard hit his head so hard that Max yelped. He didn't even have time to recover before someone grabbed his arm and helped him up on his feet. Max opened his eyes and he flung back a little when he saw who it was. There she stood, right in front of him, kind of blurry but there she was. Fluffy wavy hair and big concerned eyes. Max heart began to thump harder, this felt like a dream. \"Roxanne?\" Max said confused. \"I'm so sorry, are you alright?\", she asked and eyed him. \"Yeah, I am\", Max said and shook his head a little to shake of the pain in his head. \"I was clumsy…\" \"I bet it hadn't happen if it was X-games\", she smiled a little and began to fiddle with her hair, as always when she got nervous. She had watched the X-games? That warmed Max and he couldn't resist smiling. He scratched his neck and had a hard time to understand how beautiful she had become. But before he could feel any more joy everything from yesterday came back to him and his smile faded. \"I'm sorry about yesterday, hope you are okay?\", \"Yeah, no need to worry Max nothing happened, I just got chocked\", she shrugged and smiled. \"Good\", he said and nodded. An awkward silence grew thick between them. So much had happened during these years and so many questions needed to be answered. But instead of asking all questions that throbbed inside Max's head the two of them just stood there and looked at one another. \"Well, just wanted to say hi, see you around\", she said and was ready to turn and go. \"Roxanne, wait!\", Max said and grabbed her wrist. \"Can we see each other tomorrow?\" She looked down on Max's hand and he let her go immediately. Instead he began do way back and forward on his heels and he bit his lip. \"I mean if you want to… and… and I understand if you don't and it's totally okay and…\" He recognized how much of his old goofy-self peeked through, he judged himself hard about that. He was better than old Max. He was not as unsure of himself like last time they had seen each other, why didn't he just show it to her? \"Max, I think it would be really fun\", she said and smiled. \"It's a date\", but as soon as those words had left his lips he understood how wrong they sounded. \"Oh I meant, not a date, date, more like…\" Roxanne laughed. \"See you tomorrow, Max\" When she turned around she accidently bumped into Bobby. With a nervous giggle she looked up at him with blushing cheeks. \"Hi, Bobby\" Before Bobby could greet her she walked away across the lawn with hurried steps . Max followed her with his eyes until she turned left on the road and to soon she disappeared behind a green house. A warm bubbly feeling flickered around in his stomach and he smiled widely. Roxanne was back, after two years abroad… how come? It was so many questions that needed to be answered. He hoped they would be tomorrow, he could not wait until then. \"Max?\" \"Ahyuck!\" \"MAX?\" \"What?\", Max shook his head again and looked at his friends puzzled faces. \"You must have hit your head hard, a date with Roxanne?\" PJ said with a big smile. \"I mean, you said you where over her?\" \"Well… it's not a date\", said Max and scratched his neck. \"Not really\" \"Okay, sure\", Bobby said and his friends exchanged looks and smiled. Max glanced at the green house yet again, hoping to see her coming back in her midnight blue dress. But then he began to think of something else. He smirked and turned around to look at Bobby. His friend was just about to climb up on the ramp when Max laughed. \"You know, if Roxanne are home, that means Stacey waiting for you\", both Max and PJ laughed when Bobby lost his grip and fell down right on his butt. Bobby and Stacey had been dating during same three years, but she had traveled together with Roxanne. They had broken up after a while when they felt how much distance relationships teared at one another. Bobby had got over her pretty fast tough and begun dating soon after. Max didn't date so much, of course girls wanted to date him and he had been out on dates, but nothing more. It always felt like he cheated on Roxanne, beside he needed to focus on X-games and school. However, the day crept on by and Max had hard time focusing on anything besides tomorrow. He didn't even remember what the movie they watched was about. His thoughts belonged to Roxanne until he fell asleep that night.[Chapter 3] Max woke up after four hours of sleep. If it was because of the smell of buttery pancakes that filled the house or if it was Goofy's singing, Max didn't know. However he decided to go up and meet the day. He sat up in the bed and rubbed his eyes, tried to feel more awake. When that didn't help he yawned and stretched his back. Coffee, he needed coffee. Before he rose up from the bed he looked around in his room. It was so empty nowadays, just blank walls and Max's old bed and wardrobe. Actually, it was a little depressing and he was confused why Goofy hadn't made this to a proper guestroom. Ohwell… he hadn't time to think more about it. He put on a t-shirt and decided to go downstairs and meet his dad. As soon as he walked in to the kitchen he couldn't resist smiling. Goofy was whistling to Powerlines new single on the radio while doing small dancemoves during his pancake flipping. Then Max smelled it, coffee. \"Good morn´in Maxie!\" Goofy said with a chuckle when he saw Max's sleepy being at the entrance. \"Slept well?\" Max followed the smell and just waved to his dad. He needed the dark liquid of energy to wake up properly. He walked towards their coffeepot and filled a mug to the top and took one big gulp, he didn't even care about that he burned the tip of is tongue, he needed that boost. He wiped his mouth with his under arm and tumbled down on a chair. \"Gawsh, when did you get home?\" Goofy asked while placing a plate with a large stack of pancakes dripping of syrup and melted butter. \"I really don't remember\", yawned Max and shrugged. Quite big-eyed he observed all food Goofy had cooked. The table was overflowing with tons of crispy bacon, scrambled eggs and beans, warm toast with two kinds of jelly and crunchy peanut butter. The smell and just the look of it was mouthwatering and Max grabbed a clean plate and began to serve himself. One positive thing about being home with Goofy, he made delicious meals. Max had missed it so much while being at campus. Of course he, PJ and Bobby ate, but the word to describe their meals was more like, microwavable rather than nutritious. \"Did you three have fun? Was the movie any good?\", Goofy continued and tied a kitchen towel around his neck. \"It was okay\", Max said with a shrug and sipped on a glass orange juice. \"But hey listen…\" \"I can't wait until dinner\", Goofy interrupted and smiled. \"I know everyone wants' to see ya\" \"I meet them nearly every day at work?\", Max said and raised an eyebrow. \"Yeah but then you are so busy you nearly talk to anyone except customers, or that what's Mickey told me\", Goofy said and shoved two pancakes in his mouth. Max's hunger faded and he began to poke in his breakfast instead. Yeah because they at House of Mouse knew him when he had been a goof kid, a nobody, Maxie the Geek. They still thought about him that way and didn't recognize his better self. Or it was how Max felt anyway. He had nothing to talk about, because they didn't knew him. But it was another thing that made Max lose appetite to. He had totally forgot about Goofy yesterday when he had made his promise to Roxanne . How could he be so stupid? It felt like old times, and he was afraid Roxanne would recall that stupid time he had told her Goofy was an old friend of Powerline. The whole start of their relationship and it had been built on lies… \"Yeah, about that\" Max said and looked up at his dad. \"I know I said…\" \"What now Max?\" Goofy raised an eyebrow and crossed his arms. \"Well, I met Roxanne yesterday and kind of forgot…\", Max scratched the back of his head an tried to look as ashamed as I felt. \"Max\", Goofy sighed and shook his head before he turned towards the window with a look that was a little miserly, he sat like that during a long time and Max felt a building guilt each minute that passed. \"It's alright, if you wanna meet up with Roxanne, please do\" \"But…\", Max said and was about to express is guilt but Goofy raised a gloved hand. \"You're an adult Max, and it's not up to me anymore to tell you how to prioritize your life, but remember that it'll have consequences one day\", Goofy said and rolled his eyes. What, he dropped it just like that? Max had been certain that Goofy would say something else, confront him with something more, harsh. But he forgave Max just like that. A sunshine of a smile appeared on his ace. He could meet up with Roxanne without guilt. The heavy burden on his shoulders lifted and he got more energy just by that. \"Thanks dad, you are the best, I'll make it up to you, I promise\", Max laughed and began to heave is breakfast. \"Delicious by the way\" \"Oh. Thanks Maxie\", Goofy laughed. \"But tell me what will you and Roxanne do?\" \"Oh, I don't know, something we'll figure it out\", Max said and swallowed the last of his coffee. \"Sorry but I have to go\" \"So soon, you just woke up?\", Goofy said a bit confused \"Yeah, I need to meet up with Bobby, I promised to help him buy a new skateboard\", Max grabbed a sandwich to have on the go. Max was just about to leave the kitchen when Syliva blocked the path. She looked as tired as Max had felt just some minutes ago. Her glasses was a little askew and her hair was a little tangled. But she greeted Max with a smile. \"Glad to see you so happy Max\", she said motherly. \"Thanks, have a nice day you two\", he said and walked passed her while chewing on his sandwich. \"Good bye\" Sylvia looked puzzled at Goofy who just bit his lip and his eyes was focused out the window. They both heard how Max slammed the door behind him with a loud bang. In a big sigh Sylvia walked towards Goofy and placed a hand on his shoulder. He didn't say anything but it was obvious he was hurt by Max's action. She wished Max could see that too. But he was so focused on everything else and forgot how much his father cared about him. \"What have I done wrong Sylvia?\", Goofy said and they both followed Max with their gaze when he rode passed the house on his skateboard. \"I thought Max would enjoy being home during the break… too meet me, meet us\" \"Oh Goofy\", Sylvia sighed and gave him a hug. \"He's still young and don't understand the importance of family, he's not doing this because he not love you\" \"I know\", Goofy answered Sylvia's hug. \"I just want to be part of his life\" \"He'll come around\", She met Goofy's gaze and smiled, and her beloved goofball smiled back. \"Now there is the Goof I love, come on, let's finish breakfast and have a nice summer day\"[Chapter 4] Max took a sip from his coffee and nervously observed the café. It was a cozy place, it felt a little like Bean scene. The latte colored walls and the calm acoustic music gave it same hipster wibe. Where was Roxanne? They had said three o'clock? He glanced at the clock on the wall, five minutes pass three. Maybe she had regret everything and stood him up? No, that was not Roxanne's way. He was just nervous that was all. Keep it togheter... He felt the warm heat from outside when the door opened and he got so relieved when he saw that it was Roxanne. Yet again with a stunning light and wavy summerdress with flowers on. Max waved at her and her smile widen when their eyes met. She ordered an ice tea and when she walked towards him he felt how his heart aggressively began to press against his ribcage. He swallowed and a he hoped his nervousness would follow down the throat. \"Hi\" He croaked, embarrassed he cleared his throat. \"Nice to see you\" \"Same Max\", she nodded and the ice clanged against the glass when she put it down on the table. \"We have so much to talk about\" \"Yeah!\", he sounded too eager, too much goof, he trailed a hand in his black hair. \"I mean, what have you been up to? How was England?\" \"London was great, I met lovely people…\", she shrugged and began to fiddle a little with her hair. \"And learned a lot and I would really want to go back\" \"So why did you leave?\" Not that I'm complaining She sighed \"Dad got ill a couple of weeks ago, and well, that made me want to stay closer to home\" \"Oh I'm sorry\" \"It's okay he's much better now but I want to be close if he need anything\", she eyed Max and gave him a reassuring smile. \"But how about you? I know you have been competing in X-games but what other things have you done?\" Max told her everything that had happened during his two college years. He told her about Bradley, and his stupid Gamma team. And how PJ had get himself a girlfriend and how little Bobby actually had changed. When she asked about Max's love life he felt his cheeks blushing and she giggled when he nervously said that the hadn't have any luck on campus. She returned the favor and told him about her adventures in London. She and Stacey had have a great time, a lot of studying it seemed. But they had have time to do a lot of sightseeing as well. But when Max asked about her love life she just covered it up with another question and Max had no time or didn't want to ask again. Their talk went on until the sun began to set and the clerk had to ask them to leave. Slowly they began to walk home, still talking about everything and nothing. It felt like old times and Max didn't want this evening to end, he understood now how much he had missed her. The first stars shone on the violet sky when they stood on Roxanne's porch. He recalled their first kiss and smiled. They had been so young… \"Well it's was nice to catch up\". Max wanted to say something else but didn't dare to say something like: I have miss you. \"I guess we see each other soon?\" \"Well\", she sighed and looked down at her feet. \"Now when my dad feeling better we'll travel and after that me and a friend will see grand canyon\" Max hopes drastically dropped. \"Well how long are you gone then?\" \"Well four weeks\" \"Oh to bad, then I'm back at campus\", Max sighed, he couldn't hold himself and looked disappointed. \"Yeah, but I guess we can take a coffee at campus next time?\", she laughed when Max's jaw dropped. \"Are you serious?\" He could not contain his happiness and his cheeks burned because he smiled too much. \"Yeah, like I said, I want to stay closer, I have sign al the papers and it's done, I'll study at your college this last year, soo… Now I can watch X-games live\" She hesitated but gave Max a kiss on the cheek. \"Good night, see you soon Max\" Max didn't recall how he got home. Al he could think about was how brilliant it would be to have Roxanne at campus. They could meet up like old times, and what if they even had some classes' together? The more Max thought about it the happier he became. It would be so awesome, maybe, just maybe, the third year on campus would not be too bad at all? Couldn't time go faster? He wanted their break to be over, now. He slowly traced a finger where Roxanne had kissed him. She hadn't change at all. But what did he think about? It was not them anymore, they were friends and nothing would change that. Roxanne had made that perfectly clear before she leaved. \"How was the day with Roxanne?\" Goofy's voice was very joyful and eager. As soon as Max opened the door he saw his dad face peeking out from the living room. Max quite high on joy and Roxanne's perfume just smiled towards him while unzipping his jacket. \"Oh, that good huh?\", Goofy chuckled. \"Sylvia and I was just about to watch a movie, wanna join us?\" \"Thanks dad, but I'm quite tired\", Max yawed and hanged his jacket on their coat rack \"Okay son\", Max didn't noticed that Goofy's smile faded a little. \"But hey what about dinner tomorrow then? Maybe we can go to the cinema and watch Powerlines documentary?\" \"Sure, sounds cool\", Max said and nodded, he just half listened. He would show Roxanne al the cool places at campus, and she had to meet Mocha… \"Ohboy alright ahyuck, it's a date, sleep tight Maxie poo\", Goofy said and disappeared into the living room again. Max walked up the stairs and he nearly tripped on their old grey tabby cat Waffels. He laid on a step sleeping heavy rolled up like a cinnamon bun. Max picked him up and immediately the cat began to purr. He was SO old now, the fur was tangled and he had some bald spots. But he was still so gentle and Max loved him. He walked into his bedroom and laid Waffels on the bed. The tabby cat fell into a deep sleep again as soon as Max had put him down. With a smile Max joined the cat and looked up at the celling. He wondered about why Roxanne didn't want to talk so much about her love life. It was private business of course and it wasn't like Max wanted details, oh no. He was just curious why she had wanted to ask him when she hadn't be eager to answer herself. Soon he felt Waffels kneading paws on the ribcage and the purring made Max quite drowsy. He began to slowly caress Waffles little body, head to tail which lead to more purring. Max laughed a little and peeked up at the night sky trough his window. Still over joyed about Roxanne, maybe this time it would work… maybe… just maybe[Chapter 5] \"She going to study at our campus?\" PJ was a perfect mirror of Max himself when he had heard the news. Max laughed and nodded while leaning against a big red Cadillac his poor friend worked with. However Max just needed to talk to PJ about this, about Roxanne. So what better time than while he worked? The afteroon was hot and the heat from the concrete made this car park hot like an oven. It was quite fun to see PJ in a blue overall with oil and dirt on his face tough. And if Max thought his job at House of Mouse was bad, to work at Pete's car shop must be then thousands times worse. Max looked up at the gigantic turning sculpture of Pete's face that shaded the sun at the moment. Nostalgia hit him again… how many times hadn't that thing got knocked off during their childhood? To many \"Talk to me Max, it's not a joke?\", PJ continued and slammed the hood shut. \"No\", Max shook his head. \"Awesome isn't?\" \"You need to tell me what happened yesterday?\" PJ smiled and wiped of all the grease of his gloved hands. \"Nothing, we just talked, like talked, it was great to actually try to know her again after…\" Max saw how PJ got a little paler and quick as lightning the bigger boy began to polish the tail lights on the car. That expression on PJ's face was something Max recognized anytime, Pete… \"Well, well, Goof boy if you're not going to buy a car, let PJ go back to his work\", the rumbling sound of Pete's voice chilled Max to the core sometimes. He just turned around and gave the even bigger man a great smile. \"Hi, Pete, long time no see\" \"Can't you two leave each other alone? Not even during working hours?\", Pete rolled his eyes and crossed his arms. That gesture should do anyone uncomfortable, but Max knew Pete barked louder than he bit. Pete was al bout hard words but he never acted on them. Max shrugged and put his hands in his pockets. \"I'm sorry dad, it won't happen again\", PJ mumbled. Pete exhaled loudly and shook his head. His small eyes eyed them an unconfutable long time. Gladly a customer needed his help before he could say something more and Max sighed in relief. They both watched Pete's smilingself trying to sell another wreck for too much money. It was a wonder that none had shut this shop down for good. Not that Max hoped that would happen per se… but sometimes he wished karma could hit Pete. \"Have you talked with your dad about, yeah, everything?\" Max said and glanced at PJ who shook his head. \"Come on PJ, when will you talk to him and just tell him to back of?\" \"He would never listen to me, he ignores me except if I do something wrong or I am dying… you remember…\" \"Yeah to well…\", Max laughed and pontied at him. \"The yolk on you!\" \"Max, I still can't eat or even smell eggs and fudge bars, stop\", PJ said it quite serious but when they got eye contact they began to laugh. They had been eleven years old and Max had tried to teach PJ math, in a not so pedagogic way. And when they thought PJ had flunked the math test. Max had helped his friend to make a list of stupid stuff he wanted to do before he died, or got grounded for a lifetime. It had been a waterproof plan to ditch school for a day and do everything on the list. But Max gave PJ a fake disease which apparently looked like a real deadly disease and Pete had called the ambulance and had been worried like crazy. Jolly good times. \"Well I need to go…\" Max raised an eyebrow and eyed PJ who continued to work on the car. \"Well you have to tell me more about Roxanne later, maybe at Bobby's party tonight?\" PJ laughed a bit. \"Yeah of course!\", Max nodded and turned around to leave the carpark . \"See you there!\" \"MAXIE!\" That could not be real… Max took a deep breath and bit his lip. He could see his father waving at him at the parking lot, happier than ever. What now? Max had not time for this. He shoved his hand into his pockets and slowly began to walk up to his dad. Goofy greeted him with a hug and Max answered it. \"What do you want dad?\", Max said and tried to give Goofy a genuine smile. \"We need to hurry up to House of Mouse if we gonna have time to eat before the movie?\" Goofy said and began to push Max into their yellow car. Wait, when had he promised dad something like that? Then, when Goofy slammed the passenger door he remembered. Yesterday, when he had got home after Roxanne… oh no. Max trailed a hand over his face, why did his own brain do things like this? \"Ohboy I'm so glad we finally have a chance to hang out\", Goofy laughed and with a lot of effort he tried to fasten his seat belt, everything ended up with the old man hitting his own head in the steering wheel. \"Yeah, dad…\" Max was about to tell him, but he couldn't bear to make him disappointed again. \"It's gonna be, fun\" An hour later they sat in one of the booths at House of Mouse. The evening vent exactly as Max had predicted. Everyone in the staff had talked to them. Mickey, Minnie, Daisy, Donald, Clarabell and even Horace Horsecollar had left his control room to see them. And everyone asked the same questions: How was collage? When will you return home? Glad to see you talking to us again! Max had just smiled and answered the question as good as he could. Goofy was his old clumsy self and Max felt a little embarrassed when everyone looking at them. He loved his dad but he was too much of a goof to handle. The minutes crept by and Max got more and more annoyed over this each second that passed. In a deep sigh he pushed his lasagna around on the plate, he wasn't even hungry anymore. He glanced at his dad who still had a conversation with Mickey. So much about hanging out, dad… \"I need to go and introduce another movie, have fun!\", Mickey nodded and was ready to walk up on the stage. \"Oh gosh I really missed this place\", Goofy laughed. \"So much fun\", Max mumbled. \"Hey what's wrong?\", Goofy said and tilted his head a bit. \"You seems off\" \"Nothing really\", Max sighed. Max thought about when he and Roxanne have had a date here. Everyone had tried to \"help\" them. Even Mickey and his hint's when they had played \"Kiss the girl\". It had been a total chaos and Max had of course got angry and told everyone to stay put and calm down. But on the other hand, Goofy had steped in and told everyone to back off. Al in al everything had ended well, thanks to his dad. Yet again he knew his dad always meant well but… sometimes... ugh. \"I remember when I worked here as a waitress and you and Roxanne had one your first date here\", Goofy chuckled. \"I just thought about that too\", Max said and shrugged. \"Yeah, back then…\" But he got interrupted when Mickey walked upon the stage and everyone began to cheer. The mouse waved at the crowd and grabbed the microphone. \"Haha hi everyone, hope you have a fun night! Before we start the show I just want everyone to greet our beloved Goofy, our old waitress!\", Max got blended by the headlights and the heat made him sweat. Oh no, his worst nightmares just came true. He tried to melt into the chair while Goofy laughed and waved at everyone who cheered on them. Max didn't want this attention. \"Gawsh thanks Mickey!\" ,Goofy shouted. \"Why don't you two come up here on the stage? I think everyone is eager to hear what the Goof family is up to, and I know Goofy want to announce something\",Mickey applauded and the cheering got even louder. Max felt how his cheeks burned, why had he agreed to this? WHY! Goofy grabbed Max by the wrist and pushed his son in front of him. His heart thumped fast and every customer looked at them now. Al they eyes on them…. Made Max forget to breath. \"Dad, I really don't want to\", Max tried to squirm away, it was a different thing during X-games, this was just too much, his stage fright couldn't handle this. He was surtan Goofy would do something upon stage that would embaressing him. \"Come on!\", Goofy chuckled. \"No please!\", Max said and pushed his heels into the carpet. \"I don't want…\" \"It'll be fun\" \"This is embarrassing…\", but Goofy didn't listen to Max, instead he kept pushing. \"Dad stop!\" Max yelling made everyone go quite. The room got thick of expectation and curiosity, what would happened next? Max just glared at Goofy who looked confused back at him. His cheeks got even redder and his heart beat hard against his chest. he really didn't wanna do this, not here, not now. But Goofy gave him no chioce. \"This is the kind of thing that makes me want to be away from you!\", Max couldn't handle himself, he felt how bad this was but he could not control his emotions. \"But Max….\" \"NO how many times have I tried to tell you, I need space and this is not helping at all!\", Max flung out with his arms. \"I love you but please stop be such a goof and draw so much attention to yourself! I'm off…\" Before anything else happened Max walked out from the restaurant. Daisy tried to catch him up at the reception desk but he just ignored her. As soon as he walked through the entrance door he slammed his skateboard down to the ground. He kicked hard and soon he was skating down the hill. The speed made Max quiver into the bare bone and made his eyes watering, well it was just the wind nothing else who could made him tearyeyed. When Max looked back at the restaurant it was far off in the distance. He could barely see Mickey, Daisy and Donald who stood outside and watched him travel down the hill away from the disaster. The shivering combined with every mixed up emotions in his head made it hard to focus on the road. Why had he yelled at his dad like that? Goofy had not done anything at all… except being himself. Why was Max so hard on him? He didn't even know. He had panicked about the stage and Goofy had been in the hit zone. Why was everything a mess right now? Max sighed, what had he done? Yeah I got \"Goof troop\" and \"House of Mouse\" into this mix aswell... hope you liked it![Chapter 6] Hi there my fellas! OMG, it's embarrassing how long time have passed! I have read trough al my stories and nostalgia hit me hard. And I wonder. I want to finish this Goofy story. It has never left my mind. Will you guys join me? Love! Cor.[Chapter 7] THANKS FOR THE PEPP! LET*S DO THIS! Love COR! _ Minutes later he arrived at Bobbys place. He didn´t even understand why he went there. Maybe because he felt that he needed to talk to someone. His friends. Every part of his body slowly walked up to the door and he knocked. The muffled sound from inside blasted defining when the door opened. Bobby stood there with a big toothy grin and squeezed a red solo cup in his hand. The smell of alcohol made Max squeezy. \"Maxboy you came!\", laughed Bobby and pulled his purple glasses up to his buzzcut hair. \"Everyone have been waiting for you!\" \"What?\", Max had no time to think when Bobby shoved in into the house and pressed a full plastic cup in his hands. \"Team 99 are like famous, or you are at least!\", Bobby croaked and grabbed Max by the wrist The crippling anxiety he had felt at house of mouse came back. No,no,no no he didn't want this. Max looked around and people stared at him with big grins. People he hadn´t seen sense higschool. They wanted to say hi, hand dunked his back, ruffled his hair. He was used to it on campus parties but not like this. Bobby led him to a coffee table and forced him up on it. \"Here we have him folks the man who put team 99 on the map of success and crushed team gamma like they were girl scout cookies!\" People cheered Max couldn´t too anything else then smile when Bobby began to shout Maximum. Like on the schoolground, when they had pranked a school assembly. He wished Roxanne could see him now. Right then and there. But she wouldn't. Maybe later... maybe. Max chugged the content of the cup and people screamed. Bobby and PJ joined him on the table. Put their arms around him. They sheered together with everyone else. It felt good, he was back in the game and he would say sorry to his dad. The party was awesome and the people who acted like he was famous together with the booze kept him in a good mood. Until he needed to go home. Everything ended with Max sitting in the stair case and watching everyone have fun. Bobby had disappeared to the kitchen and he hadn't see PJ in a while. Maybe he should go home, but what if Goofy was there? \"Max, why do you send so gloomy vibes?\" He would recognize that raspy voice everywhere. Miss Mocca stood there with her hand on her hips and looking al sly with her beret and plump lips He gave her a big smile and accepted the embrace she offered him. \"Hi so glad to see you!\", he said. \"Really Max?\". she eyed him. \"Trouble in Goof town?\" \"Nothing I can't handle\". Max murmured with a smile. \"Your eyes tells me another story\", she sighed. \"I wanted to surprise Max, have you seen him? \"You tell me… but he will be glad\", Max scratched his head. \"I have to go but have fun!\" \"You know, whatever it is, you did a bad thing but you are not a bad person, okay?\" Moccha kissed his cheek and patted him on the shoulder. \"Bye\" He looked up at their house. The kitchen light was still on and that gave Max a bad feeling. Well he needed to face Goofy, sooner rather than later. He parked is skateboard on the porch and walked in. Thought about what Moccha had said. Bad choices did not define him. \"Hi dad\" When he didn´t hear a reply his stomach turned, nearly a 360. Silent Max continued into the house and peeked into the kitchen. Goofy sat by the table with a tea mug in his hand. Yet again Max had made his dad sad. And it felt awful to see that look on his face. His dad, Goofy was always so joyful. \"Dad, I'm so sorry...\" \"Max\", Goofys voice had never been that harsh. \"I´m disappointed at you\" \"I know but...\" \"I have given you space, but whatever I do it's not good enough\", Goofy looked direct at him with hurting eyes. \"But dad...\" \"Did you even know what I wanted to talk about back at House of Mouse? I wasn´t going to embarrass you! I just wanted to tell everyone how proud I am over you, and how glad to spend this summer with you because... I miss you every woken hour you are at college\", Every syllable pierced Max and it got even worse when Goofy rose from the chair and walked passed Max. and took the first stpes up the stairs. Oh no., Max fought back the tears. He regretted everything he had said and done these weeks. \"Dad...\" \"But I'll give you space, it feels like you are just like a high school kid again\", Goofy looked back at Max one hand on the railway. \"I hope you don't loose yourself at college, it's like we are strangers again\" That stung hard. \"Well maybe it's better for me to just, travel back to campus\" \"You do as you please, but I have a feeling you don´t even wanna be here with me and Sylvia\" \"Dad\", Max was a bundle of hurt, angry and sad. \"Good night Max\" Whit that Goofy was gone. Max could he a door close and now he was alone. Well okay if his dad didn´t wanna be around him. Fine. He had been serious about going back to campus. It was what maybe best because this felt beyond repair. He had destroyed his dad and he didn´t know how to fix this. Goofy didn´t even wanna hear a sorry. FINE. Max rushed into his room and began to pack. Showed clothes and stuff into his bag with gritted teeth. But he stopped. His heart and brain caught up to him. What did he do? He could not leave like this even if he wanted to. He didn´t think clear. He would fix this, he had to. With a big sigh he threw everything on the floor again. No he could be better than this he had to. Next morning. Before Goofy and Syliva had woken up. Max fixed their breakfast. The pancakes were not as fluffy as Goofy´s, they were a little soggy. He had burnet the bacon. But it was the thought that counted right? He turned on the radio, it was till no surprise powerline was on. With a little smile he heard some movements upstairs. Okay, now it was time to redeem himself. Footsteps heard on the stairs. And soon enough his old dad stood there with a baffled smile. \"Good morning dad, om so so sorry for yesterday! It won't happen again\", blurted Max and was not late to hug his old man. \"Max, take it easy, it´s okay\", Goofy said. \"Sorry I was hard on you, I know you don´t like attention\" Well, he didn´t like wrong attention. \"We are friends?\" \"Garsh, just, keep your promise don't lose yourself alright?\", Goofy hugged him again. \"I Love you Max\" \"I love you too\" ","Summary":" How could this have happened? Leafs rustled and the cold wind tugged in Max clothes and hair. He sa"},{"Movie":"A Goofy Movie","Title":"A Little Goofy Baby","Author":"princesspeach102","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12560646","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 Telling Max about the baby Goofy and his wife Sylvia Marpole were married for only a little while when Sylvia found out she was pregnant. \"Goofy I can't believe I'm pregnant. This is wonderful!\" Sylvia said happily. \"Yes it is wonderful. You're going to a mother and I'm going to be a father again. Plus Maxie is going to be a big brother. I can't wait to tell him!\" said Goofy. \"When do you think we should tell Max?\" asked Sylvia. \"Well he is staying with us for a little while until his new place with his friends is ready so how about as soon as he gets home from skateboarding practice?\" replied Goofy which Sylvia agreed upon doing. Later on that day Goofy didn't want Sylvia to strain herself since she was pregnant with his child. \"Goofy I'm fine. I can still move around you know\" Sylvia told her husband. \"I know sweetheart but I want to take really good care of you and our unborn child\" stated Goofy. \"Hey dad and Sylvia I'm back\" Max said as he greeted his dad and stepmom. \"Hello Max how was skate boarding practice?\" Sylvia said. \"It was good. A couple of people who run major skate boarding companies want to hire me and the guys as their spokesmen because they heard about us winning the X games all through our College days\" Max replied. \"Maxie we have some exciting news to tell you so you probably sit down\" Goofy told his son. \"What do you guys want to tell me?\" Max asked. \"Max what your father and I are about to tell you may be a bit of a shock for you just like it was a shock for us. I'm pregnant\" answered Sylvia which left Max in a bit of a shock. \"Really? You're pregnant with my new brother of sister? How?!\" Max replied with a surprised look on his face. \"Max don't you remember that talk we had where babies come from when you were younger? If not let me remind you….\" Goofy began saying until Max stopped him and stated, \"Dad I already know where babies come from. I never forgot when you gave me the talk so there isn't any need to tell me again.\" \"How do you feel about this?\" Sylvia asked Max and he answered, \"Well I admit this is a bit of a shock for me because all through my life I was always used to being an only child since I grew up with just my dad. But there were times that I wonder what it would be like to be a big brother. It's great that you are having my dad's baby and I hope he or she is born happy and healthy.\" \"Max this is wonderful to hear that you accepted your new sibling already and you're going to make a wonderful big brother\" Sylvia told him as she, Goofy and Max gave each other big hugs. \"I'm going to freshen up before we eat\" Max said to his parents before heading to the bathroom. While Max was taking a shower he was a bit shocked at the idea of becoming a big brother. In fact he was freaking out a bit on the inside. But he didn't want to let his dad and stepmom know otherwise he believed they would think that he didn't like the idea of having a brother or sister. Author's Note: Hello to all of my fans. This is the first chapter which is a squeal to my other story A Goofy Romance. I call this story a little goofy baby. The idea of what it would be like for Max to have a little brother or sister just came to me after I finished my last story about that beloved Disney character Goofy. I don't know if the baby should be a boy or a girl. Maybe I'll let you my fans decide if you have any ideas. As always I welcome ideas for any fan fictions I write. Please stay tune for my next update. Peace out from Princesspeach102![Chapter 2] Chapter 2 Sylvia's weird food cravings Two months had passed since Sylvia found out that she was pregnant with Goofy's baby. She started to have a little baby bump which her husband and stepson started to noticed. Goofy wanted to make sure that Sylvia took it easy and tried not to push herself. \"Goofy I'm able to handle cleaning our home. I'm only two months pregnant. It's when I'm about to pop is when I'll really be taking it easy\" Sylvia assured Goofy as she was taking care of the laundry. \"Alright you win honey but if you need anything please tell me\" Goofy told her as Sylvia continued with the laundry while Goofy was vacuuming the floor. After the chores were done Sylvia's stomach started growling. \"I can hear your stomach growling. What do you feel like having for lunch?\" Goofy asked. \"A bake potato with ice cream on top\" requested Sylvia. \"Really are you sure?\" asked Goofy. \"You better believe it. You in all of the parenting books mothers to be have weird food cravings and right now I'm one of those mothers to be\" Sylvia stated. Goofy went into the kitchen and made Sylvia her unusual lunch. As soon as Goofy placed Sylvia's lunch on the table she got her fork and started eating. \"OMG Goofy this is really good!\" Sylvia said as she was eating. \"I'm glad that you like it. Let me know if you need anything else\" Goofy said as he was eating his lunch. The baked potato with ice cream was just the beginning of Sylvia's food cravings. As Sylvia's pregnancy continued so did her cravings for two of more kinds of food that don't really go together such as peanut butter and sardine sandwiches, strawberries dipped in cheese and other strange food combinations. One day when Sylvia was almost 20 weeks pregnant she made herself the hugest sandwich anyone has ever seen. Goofy noticed the sandwich and asked her, \"Honey what is in that sandwich?\" \"Turkey, ham, Salami, pepperoni, baloney, possibly 4 or 5 different kind of cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, pickles, mayo and spicy brown mustard\" Sylvia answered as she finished making the large sandwich and started to cut it. Normally Goofy wouldn't eat something that unusual since most of his wife's food combinations didn't agree with him mentally but he heard baloney that made his mouth water. \"Sylvia could I have some of your big sandwich if that's ok?\" Goofy asked her. \"Sure but this is a first. I thought you said my food cravings weirded you out\" answered Sylvia as she gave Goofy some of her sandwich. \"They do but anything with baloney in it is something I've always enjoyed\" stated Goofy as he took a bite. Goofy actually enjoyed the sandwich and so did Sylvia. After Goofy and Sylvia finished eating Goofy reminded Sylvia that her next doctor's appointment was coming up to check on the development of their unborn child. \"Goofy I've been thinking since I'm just about 20 weeks pregnant do you think we should find out if our child is going to be a boy or a girl?\" Sylvia asked. \"I guess but when my first wife was pregnant with Max we didn't know he was a boy until after he was born. We thought it would be more fun to be surprised. But we have time to think about if we want to know the gender of our child or wait until he or she is born\" answered Goofy. \"I guess you're right. After all the most important thing is to make sure our baby is healthy\" Sylvia stated as she started to nibble on some grapes that were on the table. Author's Note: Have you or anyone that you know who was pregnant ever had weird food cravings in unusual combinations? Well that idea of pregnant women with straight food cravings inspired the second chapter to this story. I tried to make up some unusual food combinations to the best of my ability. Sorry if any of them grossed you out. Please stay tune for my next update. Peace out from Princesspeach102![Chapter 3] Chapter 3 The baby is a… While Sylvia was still pregnant she and Goofy thought it would be a good idea to start getting things together for the baby. Goofy learned how to knit and began knitting little baby booties in mint green and yellow since he and Sylvia weren't sure of the gender of their baby. Max saw what his father was going and asked his father, \"Dad how many things have you knitted?\" \"I'm not sure. I started making baby booties, then a baby sweater, little hats and a little yarn teddy bear. I even made scarves for you and Sylvia when winter comes\" Goofy answered as he showed Max what he made. \"Well dad I got to hand it to you all of those knitting lessons you took paid off\" Max pointed out as he look at all of the things his father made. \"Hi Max how are you?\" Sylvia said as she greeted Max when she walked into the living room. \"I'm fine Sylvia. How are you and my soon to be little brother or sister?\" Max replied. \"I'm doing well. I have a doctor's appointment later today. Would you like to come with me and your father? Since I'm 20 weeks pregnant we'll be able to find out if the baby is a girl or a boy that way you'll know if you're going to have a baby brother or sister\" said Sylvia. \"I guess so but at the same time I kind of want to be surprised about the gender of my new sibling. Dad told me that he and my mom didn't know I was a boy until I was born\" Max said. \"You know your father told me the same thing the other day and I think it was nice that your dad and mom waited until you were born to know that you were a boy\" exclaimed Sylvia. \"Shall we get going? We don't want to be late. After your appointment I may need to buy more yarn. I ran out while making more stuff for the baby\" said Goofy. \"Sure let me just use the bathroom. Our baby likes to sit on my bladder as if it was a bean bag chair\" Sylvia pointed out as she headed to the bathroom. After that everyone got into the car and drove to the doctor's office. Sylvia got herself ready to be examined as the doctor came in. \"Hello everyone how is the family today?\" said the doctor as he came in and greeted everyone. \"We're doing just fine\" answered Goofy. The doctor gave Sylvia a check up to make sure she was healthy. Then it was time for the ultrasound. Sylvia started to shiver when the doctor put the cold gel on her stomach. \"I don't think I'll ever get used to this gel. It feels like ice!\" stated Sylvia. \"I know but it's needed for the ultrasound when I put the pump on your stomach\" said the doctor when he turned on the monitor. Sylvia, Goofy and Max saw how the baby was moving around and listened to its heartbeats. \"Oh wow so that's my baby sibling in there\" Max said. \"That's right and I must say I don't get too many older siblings with their parents. I think it's great that you're here for you mom and dad\" The doctor said who didn't know that Sylvia is really his stepmom. \"Thanks now if you please excuse me I really need to use the bathroom since I drank a whole bottle of soda on the way here\" said Max as he left the Doctor's office to go to the bathroom. \"You know it's very clear to see if your baby is going to be a boy or a girl. Would you like to know the sex of your child?\" The doctor asked. \"Sure I guess\" answered Sylvia. While the doctor was checking the monitor to find out the gender of Sylvia and Goofy's unborn child Goofy and Sylvia both thought the same thing and when the doctor was done checking to see what the gender was he asked, \"I got a clear picture of what the sex of your baby is going to be. Would you like to know?\" \"At first we wanted to know but now we changed our minds\" said Sylvia. \"We want it to be a surprise\" Goofy pointed out. \"Very well then I'll keep the gender of your baby in this file. If you or Mrs. Goof change your mind please give me a call\" the doctor said as he put away Sylvia's file. Sylvia got dressed and was ready to go home. \"So dad did you and Sylvia find out the sex of the baby?\" Max asked. \"We decided to keep it a surprise just like before you were born\" answered Goofy. Max wasn't too surprise at his dad's answer and on the way home as promised Goofy stopped by the craft store and picked up some more colorful yarn because he wanted to make a baby blanket. Author's Note: I bet most of you are wondering did Princesspeach102 forget to put the gender of Goofy and Sylvia's unborn child? Well I didn't because I want it to be a surprise when I eventually get up to the chapter of the baby's birth. Plus I'm still unsure if the baby should be a boy or a girl. What do you think? I'm also welcoming any ideas for baby names if any of you have any. Please stay tune for my next update. Peace out from Princesspeach102![Chapter 4] Chapter 4 Max and Sylvia's mother son time A few more weeks passed and Sylvia was 24 and a half weeks pregnant. She began to take it more easy and was able to start her maternity leave from work. Goofy was glad his wife was home because he wanted to take of her and their unborn child. As for Max whenever he came to visit he saw that Sylvia's pregnancy getting close to the end and soon he was going to have a new little brother or sister which made him very nervous. One day while Sylvia was finishing off another one of her unusual sandwiches Max stopped by. \"Dad, Sylvia are you home? I was in the neighborhood because I have some good news\" said Max when he let himself in since he had own keys to the house. \"Hi Max your dad isn't home right now. He is at the supermarket picking up a list of foods I've been craving for\" Sylvia told Max. \"Let me guess out if ingredients for those crazy sandwiches you've been eating?\" Max smiled. Sylvia giggled and told Max he was right. \"Maybe I'll come back later\" said Max as he was about to head out the door. \"Wait Max don't go. Let's you and I spend time together. I don't think we ever hung out together and I wanted to talk to you about something\" said Sylvia as she stopped Max from leaving. \"I guess I'm game for that what would like to do and what do you want to talk to me about?\" Max questioned. \"Let's go for a walk. I heard about this new bakery that opened down the street and I want to try it out\" said Sylvia as she and Max left the house together. \"I wonder what Sylvia wants to talk to me about\" Max thought to himself when Sylvia said, \"I've been noticing for a while that you seem a bit nervous about something. I know I'm not your birth mother but we are family now and I want to feel comfortable talking to me because I adore you as much as any mother loves her child.\" \"You think of me as if I were your own?\" Max questioned as he was surprised to hear that from Sylvia who answered, \"Of course I do. I know what it's like to lose a parent. My mom died when I was very young so I don't really remember her much. Just like you my dad raised me all alone.\" \"I don't remember my mom much at all. She died when I was still little. Dad always told me fun stories about her including how they met\" exclaimed Max. \"I think you're a good person and I'm glad that we're family now.\" Sylvia was touched and gave Max a big hug. The two of them got to the bakery and purchased some cupcakes. \"You really want to know what is going on with me?\" Max asked Sylvia. \"Only if you feel comfortable telling me\" answered Sylvia. Max took a breath and said, \"I'm happy that you and dad are going to have a baby together and I can't wait to meet my new little brother or sister but the thing is I have no idea how to be a big brother. I'm so used to being an only child even though it was lonely growing up without a brother or sister. Also what if you guys need me to babysit and I screw up!\" Sylvia listened to Max to everything he had to say and as soon as he was done talking Sylvia took Max's hand, smiled and said, \"I understand how you feel. This is my first pregnancy and I've been freaking out about it ever since. I don't have a clue on how to be a mother and from the stories I heard from you and your dad he seems to be a better mom than I could ever be.\" \"Sylvia you're going to be a great mom because you got my dad and me to help you out. Now I'm the one giving you a pep talk\" Max laughed. Sylvia giggled and knew Max was right. After Max and Sylvia finished talking to each other about what was on their minds they ate their cupcakes and enjoyed each other's company while talking about other things going on with them. \"Max you mention earlier that you had good news to tell me and your father\" Sylvia recalled. \"I do but I want to tell both you and dad together\" replied Max. Sylvia was fine with that as Max escorted Sylvia home. Goofy had just gotten back from the supermarket with all of the things Sylvia requested. \"Hey where have you two been?\" Goofy asked as he welcomed them home. \"Max and I were just having mother son time and it was wonderful\" answered Sylvia which brought a smile to Goofy's face. \"Since you're both here I have something to tell you both. My team and I have been asked to participate in the worldwide X games and a lot of sponsors want to offer us a lot of money\" Max told his parents. \"Oh Max we're so proud of you\" Both Sylvia and Goofy said as they gave their son a hug. \"Do you think we'll win?\" asked Max. \"As long you do your best that's what matters win or lose\" stated Goofy. Max knew his dad was right and thanked his parents for believing in him before he went home.[Chapter 5] Chapter 5 The baby is coming! As Sylvia's pregnancy was getting closer to the end Goofy and Sylvia finally got the room for the baby ready. The couple decided to paint it mint green with stars all over the walls. Since Sylvia was nearing the end of her pregnancy Goofy was making sure Sylvia took it easy even more since she was going to pop any day. Whenever Max wasn't busy with skateboarding practice for the worldwide X games he stopped by and helped out his stepmom and dad. \"The baby's room looks amazing. Our new son or daughter is going to love it!\" Sylvia exclaimed as Goofy agreed with his wife. The last thing that was added to the baby's room was a comfy rocking chair for when either Goofy or Sylvia are feeding or trying to put the baby to sleep. When Sylvia was eight months pregnant she was getting fussy. \"Goofy I want our baby to come. My stomach has gotten so big that I'm surprised that I can still fit the damn door! On top of that my feet are killing me\" Sylvia complained. \"Don't worry dear our baby will be here any day now. Just try to relax and calm down\" said Goofy. \"As for your feet I can rub them for you.\" Sylvia sat down and put her feet up on Goofy's lap. As Goofy was rubbing Sylvia's feet Sylvia began to feel less fussy and more relaxed. \"That feels nice and until the baby is born I'm just walk around in fluffy slippers or flip flops.\" Sylvia pointed out as wearing normal shoes bothered her feet. \"Sylvia I was thinking since you're due to have the baby any day how about we go over a practice run of getting you to the hospital when it's time?\" Goofy asked. \"That's not a bad idea but I should pack a bag that way I can just grab it when we go\" answered Sylvia as she agreed with Goofy on preparing for the day the baby would come. Goofy helped Sylvia pack a bag with everything she would need. When Sylvia had her bag packed up and ready it was time for a practice run. \"I'm ready for a practice run\" Sylvia said one day to Goofy. \"Ok let's go over the checklist a bag packed and ready check, the car keys check, the doctor's number on speed dial check, my lovely wife check\" Goofy winked at Sylvia as he continued to go over the checklist. \"Ok let's see how fast we can get you out of the house and to the hospital. I have my stopwatch ready.\" Goofy activated the stopwatch and both Goofy and Sylvia went outside to the car, got inside and did a practice drive to the hospital. \"Not bad Goofy you got us here in under 30 minutes\" Sylvia commented. \"Thanks but I hope to do better. After all I want to make sure you get here as quickly as possible and our baby is brought into the world safe and sound\" Goofy replied as he and Sylvia went back home. Goofy and Sylvia did the practice run of getting to the hospital a few more times for the next two weeks. \"Goofy we're out of juice\" Sylvia called out to her husband. \"I'll run to the store and pick some up. Any kind of juice you like to request?\" replied Goofy. \"Surprise me\" said Sylvia as Goofy kissed his wife and told her he would be right back. While Goofy was at the store getting juice Sylvia sat down and decided to watch a bit of television. As she was flipping through channels to find something to watch she came across a few children's shows. \"I think my new son or daughter would like some of these shows\" Sylvia thought to herself as she smiled at the dancing characters singing the Alphabet song. A few minutes later Max came by to visit and to see if Sylvia needed anything. \"How are you feeling Sylvia?\" Max asked his stepmom. \"I'm feeling like a balloon that has so much air that I'm about to pop!\" Sylvia said as she pointed to her big stomach. Max placed his hand on Sylvia's stomach and felt the baby kick. \"I think my new brother or sister is trying to break free\" Max joked as making Sylvia laughed. As Sylvia and Max spent some time together watching TV all of a sudden Sylvia started to feel a bit of pain. \"AHHHHH!\" screamed Sylvia causing Max to jump. \"Sylvia what's wrong?\" Max asked. \"My water just broke. The baby is coming!\" shouted Sylvia as she started to have labor pains. \"OMG I have to call dad right away!\" Max said as he got out his phone and dialed his father's number. \"DAD SYLVIA'S WATER JUST BROKE. YOU HAVE TO GET HOME NOW!\" Max said to his father over the phone. \"I'll be right home!\" Goofy said as he hung up and drove back home faster than the speed of light. As soon as Goofy arrived he started to freak out. \"The baby is coming! What do I do? WHAT DO I DO?!\" Goofy shouted as he was panicking. \"Dad calm down. You need to keep it together. You and Sylvia have been preparing for this day and the last thing either Sylvia, the baby or I need is for you to be freaking out!\" Max stated to his father. \"You're right Max thanks for telling me that\" Goofy said to his son. \"Guys this is great that you guys are calm but don't forget about me. I'm about to have a baby!\" Sylvia pointed out making Goofy and Max realize what needs to be done. Goofy got Sylvia to the car and Max grabbed Sylvia's bag. Once Sylvia, Max and Goofy were in the car it was time to go to the Hospital. \"Goofy I need you sitting back here with me to hold my hand\" requested Sylvia. \"Fine but that means Maxie you're driving!\" Goofy said to his son as he handed Max the car keys. \"Alright I'll drive. Buckle up and hang on tight!\" Max said as he started the car and drove to the hospital as fast as he could. Max, Goofy and Sylvia got stuck in traffic and the three of them weren't too happy about it. \"COME ON MOVE IT!\" Max shouted out the car window as he honked the car horn who knows how many times. When there was a clear path Max drove so fast that he somehow managed to get to the hospital in no time. Max, Sylvia and Goofy got out of the car and went inside the hospital. \"I'm about to have a baby!\" Sylvia said to the nurse at the desk who then requested for a wheel chair for Sylvia. \"Soon our baby is going to be here\" Goofy said to Sylvia as another nurse wheeled in Sylvia into a hospital room with Max and Goofy right behind them.[Chapter 6] Chapter 6 You can do it mom! Sylvia was breathing deeply as the nurse was pushing her chair to the nearest room. \"You're going to be ok sweetheart you can do this\" Goofy told his wife. Through her labor pain she gave Goofy a small smile. All of a sudden Goofy screamed, \"Yaaaaaaa hoo hoo hoo hooey!\" as he slipped and fell on a wet floor. The janitor had just finished mopping the floor and before he could put up a wet floor sign that was when Goofy fell down. \"Ouch my head!\" Goofy cried out. One of the other doctors heard and saw what happened. \"Sir are you alright?\" the doctor asked Goofy and he answered, \"I think so but my head hurts a lot!\" \"I need another available nurse now and a chair for this man. He may have a concussion and I need to examine his head right away\" said the doctor. \"Wait that's my husband. I'm about to have his baby. Will he be ok and back before my baby is born?\" Sylvia asked the doctor and she answered, \"I'm not 100% sure but I'll do my best to make sure your husband is back in time. Maybe that young man who is with you can be your breathing coach.\" The doctor pointed to Max who became a bit nervous. \"ME?! COACH HER THROGUH THE DELIEVRY?!\" Max exclaimed. \"Please Max your father is injured and who knows how long it will be until your father comes back. I need you!\" Sylvia pleaded. \"Fine I'll do it for you guys and my soon to be brother or sister\" answered Max as it pleased Sylvia and the doctor. The nurse wheeled in Sylvia to a hospital room. Shortly after Sylvia's doctor walked in and checked how far along Sylvia before it was time to go into the delivery room. \"At the moment you're only 3 centimeters and you have to be at 10 centimeters before you're ready to give birth\" the doctor told Sylvia who wasn't too happy to hear and said, \"Are you fucking kidding me?! I'm ready now! I'm in a lot of fucking pain because my husband and I decided to mess around!\" Max was shocked at what Sylvia said and didn't know where to put himself. \"I wonder if my future wife is going to be like this if I ever get married and have a baby?\" Max thought to himself. The doctor did his best to calm Sylvia down before leaving to check on some of his other patients. \"Wow Sylvia I've never seen you this pissed\" Max stated. \"Well maybe you should try what I'm doing and see how you like it!\" snapped Sylvia. Max was a bit shocked that his stepmom snapped at him. \"Sorry Max I didn't mean to snap at you like that. I just hate the fact that I'm in so much pain and your father hit his head\" said Sylvia. \"It's not the first time my dad has done something that got him hurt\" Max told Sylvia as he accepted her apology. Five hours passed and Sylvia wasn't that much closer to giving birth. As for Goofy the doctor examined him and told him he didn't have a concussion but a nasty bump on his head. \"I have to get back to Sylvia. She is going to have my baby!\" Goofy told the doctor and he almost slipped and fell again. \"Can somebody please tell me which room my wife Sylvia Goof is?\" The nurse who wheeled in Sylvia saw Goofy looking for his wife's room and told him where to go. \"Sylvia I'm here. Did you have the baby yet?\" Goofy asked as he ran inside Sylvia's room. \"No I haven't had the baby yet. I'm still in labor and it hurts THANKS TO YOU!\" Sylvia screamed as she was still suffering from a lot of discomfort. \"Don't take it to heart Dad Sylvia is just unhappy that it's not time yet to go to the delivery room\" Max told his father as he spoke to Goofy about his injuries along with how Sylvia was doing. 24 hours had passed since Sylvia went into labor and she was getting very impatient. Max and Goofy were getting impatient as well because they couldn't believe how much time had passed. The doctor came in to check on Sylvia and see if she was ready to go to the delivery. \"Congrats Sylvia you're 10 centimeters. You're ready to go to the delivery room and have your baby\" The doctor told Sylvia as everyone was relieved. Sylvia was brought into the delivery room. Goofy and Max were with Sylvia to be with her for emotional support. \"It's hurts so much. I can't do this!\" Sylvia said as she began crying in pain. \"Don't say that Sylvia you're a strong and independent woman who can do anything you put your mind to\" Goofy said to Sylvia as he tried to encouraged her. As much as she wanted to believe in Goofy's word Sylvia was stilling crying and doubting herself. Max hated the fact Sylvia was putting herself down so he took her hand and said, \"My dad is right. You can't doubt yourself. You two have been through so much and I believe in you. You can do it mom. I want my new brother or sister brought into this world because he or she is going to be loved and cared for by you two and of course me because I promise to be the best big brother ever.\" Sylvia was touched by Max's words especially when he called her mom. Then Sylvia said, \"Thank you Max. I'm proud to call you my son. I'm glad that I have my two favorite men here with me.\" As Sylvia labor continued the doctor told her to keep pushing. \"One more big push ought to do it\" the doctor said as Sylvia gave it her best shot and pushed as hard as she could. All of a sudden Goofy and Max heard the sounds of a loud crying baby. As for Sylvia she passed out from exhaustion from being up for 24 hours straight and being in labor. \"Looks like we'll let your mom know the gender of the baby when she wakes up\" Goofy told Max as the two went over to greet the new baby into the world after the nurse was done cleaning the new bundle of joy up. Author's Note: Hi everyone Sylvia finally had her baby. Now you're wondering why I didn't reveal the gender of the baby in this chapter. Well I still want to keep it a surprise until I decide on a name. Don't worry you'll all know soon enough if the new baby goof is a boy or a girl. Please stay tune for my next update. Peace out from Princesspeach102! P.S. Somebody left a comment saying that Max should finally call Sylvia mom. I decided this chapter would be the perfect moment.[Chapter 7] Chapter 7 Newest member of the Goof family Sylvia was really tired after being up for a little over 24 hours being in labor with her child. After the baby was born Sylvia fell asleep and didn't wake up until two hours later. \"Where's my baby? Did I have a boy or a girl?\" Sylvia began asking when she finally woke up. \"Mom it's ok the baby is here. She's being taken care of by dad\" Max told his mother. \"She? I have a little girl?\" Sylvia smiled. \"That's right here's our new baby girl\" Goofy said as he walked over to Sylvia and placed their daughter in her arms. The new baby looked like a bit of her mother but had her dad's nose but smaller and her hair was a bit darker than Sylvia's. \"Hello my beautiful sweet baby girl\" Sylvia greeted her daughter as she began crying happy tears. The baby looked up at her mother, grabbed her finger and held on tight. \"She's so cute. I can't believe I have a baby sister. What are you doing to name her?\" Max asked his parents. \"Well your mom and I have been talking about baby names for a while and we decided on two names depending on the gender. We agreed if the baby was a boy Danny and for a girl Abigail but we would call her Abby for short. Since we're bless with a little girl Abigail aka Abby will be her name\" Goofy answered. \"I like the name Abby it suits her. Can I hold my little sister?\" asked Max. \"Of course you can\" answered Sylvia as she handed little Abby to her big brother. \"Hi Abby I'm Max your big brother. You're so cute! I promise to always love and look after you because I've always wanted a little sibling of my own. I love you my dear little sister\" Max said to his little sister as she looked up and smiled at her big brother. Max held his little sister for a few minutes until she started crying because Abby was hungry. \"Awww my little girl is hungry\" Sylvia stated as Max handed Abby back to his mom. After Sylvia was done feeding Abby she burped her new daughter and held her once again in her arms. \"Would you all like a family picture with your new baby girl?\" asked the doctor. Everyone answered yes as Max and Goofy stood next to Sylvia and Abby. \"Say cheese\" the doctor told them as he took the picture. A couple of more pictures were taken before it was time to put Abby down for a nap. \"Looks like Abby is ready for her nap\" Max said as he noticed his sister was yawning. Sylvia rocked her baby until she fell asleep in her arms. After Abby had fallen asleep Goofy spoke with the doctor about when it was ok to take his wife and new baby girl home and Goofy was happy to hear that they were able to go home tomorrow morning. \"I can't wait to take our daughter home\" Sylvia exclaimed after Goofy told her what the doctor told him. Later on while Sylvia, Goofy and baby Abby were getting some rest Max stepped out and made a few phone calls. When Max came back into the room he told his parents he was going home to get some sleep. \"I'll see you guys tomorrow. I'm beat and I have something planned for tomorrow\" Max said before leaving. \"I don't blame Maxie. We're tired as well\" stated Goofy as he and Sylvia fell asleep after putting Abby to bed for the night. Author's Note: Hi everyone I finally made up my mind and I would like to introduce to all of you to Abby Goof. Goofy and Sylvia's baby girl and Max's little sister. I was undecided for a long time on not only what the gender of the baby should be but a name as well. Then another fan fiction author who goes by the username Ella Le Hissy sent me a few messages about names for both a girl and a boy. I looked over the list of names she sent me and I liked the name Abby the best. That was when I chose not only the name but the gender as well. Thank you Ella Le Hissy for the suggestions I appreciate it very much. As always I welcome anymore suggestions from all of my fans and followers. Please stay tune for my next update. Peace out from Princesspeach102![Chapter 8] Chapter 8 Welcome Home Abby Goof The next morning Goofy and Sylvia woke up bright and early. They felt well rested after getting some much needed sleep. Sylvia got herself cleaned up and ready to go home while Goofy got Abby ready. \"I'm ready to take both my girls home\" Goofy told his wife and daughter. Sylvia and Goofy signed some papers the doctor gave them before heading to the car to go home. \"Is Abby safely buckled up in her car seat?\" Sylvia asked Goofy and he answered, \"Yes I do and she is ready to go home.\" Sylvia was happy to hear that as she and Goofy got into the car as well and drove home. As the happy couple were driving home they were thinking about how great it will be to raise their daughter and thought about all of the wonderful family things they wanted to do together. As soon as the couple saw their house they pulled into the driveway and into the garage. After that Sylvia got Abby out of her car seat she carried Abby in her arms and went inside the house with Goofy. As soon as Goofy and Sylvia came inside their house all of their friends and family members jumped out and said, \"Surprise!\" Goofy and Sylvia were shocked to see everyone. \"Oh wow what's this?\" Sylvia asked as she and Goofy were surprised. \"It's a welcome home party/baby shower for you guys. It was all Max's idea. He wanted to do something to welcome home little baby Abby\" P.J. answered. \"Awww Max that was so sweet of you thank you so much\" said Sylvia. \"You're welcome. Besides welcoming my new little sister home I wanted you to have the baby shower you never had when you were pregnant with my sister\" Max pointed out. \"Maxie is right we remembered everything else but a baby shower for you\" Goofy said to his wife feeling a bit embarrass. \"Well I say we party while we get to know this cute little baby girl\" said Bobby as he started playing music. While the party was going on everyone saw Abby and couldn't believe how cute she looked. All of their friends and family thought she looked like Sylvia except for her nose which looked like a smaller version of Goofy's. As the party continued on Pete was grilling some burgers, steaks and hotdogs on the grill. \"Hey everyone the food is ready come and eat\" Pete called out as everyone came to the table and started eating. \"Oh wow Pete you really outdone yourself. The food tastes amazing\" Goofy said as he was eating one of the burgers. \"Thanks Goof it's good to hear that you and everyone else is enjoying the food I made\" Pete replied as he sat down to eat as well. After everyone was done eating it was time to open presents. Goofy received some presents for the baby such as toys, children's book and extra diapers. The last gift was from Max and his was the most special of all. \"For my present to my little sister and my parents I would like to give you this special album with lots of family pictures we took while my new mom was pregnant with my baby sister. I hope you like it\" Max said as he gave the album to Goofy and Sylvia. \"Oh Max this is so sweet Thank you\" Sylvia said as she and Goofy were looking through the album and smiled at the pictures. After everyone was done partying and welcoming Abby to the family they all helped with the clean up before heading home. \"We better get Abby to bed. Our baby girl had a busy first day being at home\" said Goofy as Sylvia agreed with him. Max stood a bit longer at his parent's house because he wanted to help his parents with the baby. Goofy and Sylvia were having a bit of a hard time getting Abby to go to sleep until Max suggested, \"Why don't you read her a bedtime story? It's what you used to do for me when I was little.\" \"Good idea Maxie\" Goofy said he looked at the different children's books in the little library until he found the book he wanted to read to Abby. \"Maxie if you could hold your sister while I read the story that would be great. \"Sure dad\" answered Max he held his sister while sitting in the special extra comfortable rocking chair in Abby's room. As soon as Goofy began reading the story Max recognized the story. It was the same story Goofy read to him when he was a little boy Goldilocks and the Three Bears. As soon as Goofy was at the end of the story Abby had fallen asleep in Max's arms and Max was half asleep. \"Max since it's late why don't you spent the night?\" Sylvia offered. \"Ok sure\" Max said with a yawn as he placed Abby in the crib. \"good night my sweet baby sister.\" After Max went to bed Goofy and Sylvia smiled at their daughter and wished her good night as well after turning on her mobile above her crib playing a lullaby to help her stay asleep throughout the night. Then Goofy and Sylvia went to sleep as well dreaming of all of the wondering things they couldn't wait to do with their daughter. The End ","Summary":" Chapter 1 Telling Max about the baby Goofy and his wife Sylvia Marpole were married for only a litt"},{"Movie":"Oz the Great and Powerful","Title":"Theodora's Daughter","Author":"Sil Vaturha 98","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9088664","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Theodora looked up. Her green skin and hooked nose made her the witch that most people are afraid of. But a smile touched her thin lips, a smile she wore quite often now. Her flying monkeys had kidnapped a woman from Quadling to take care of her baby. The Quadling brought in a small bundle wrapped in a black blanket. A soft snore came from it, but Theodora came rushing to it and took the small bundle into her arms. Inside lay a sleeping child, maybe five months old, with curls of white hair framing her perfect face. Her skin was pale but she smiled as she sat back down in a rocking chair, and began rocking back and forth all while humming. The little girl opened her blue eyes and looked into Theodora's amber ones, \"Mama. Mama.\" Small hands stretched up toward Theodora's face and she gladly leaned in. The soft hands touched her skin and she looked in the mirror, her hair was brown and wavy, and her skin was back to its former shade. Theodora pulled up, and her skin turned back to green. She looked down at her daughter and saw a puzzled expression, \"It's okay my little one.\" The Quadling cleared her throat, \"Milady, she'll need a name.\" The Wicked Witch of the West searched her daughter's face, \"Eve, or Tiana?\" Her daughter cooed. \"Tiana it is.\" Tiana laughed and touched her mother's hand turning her back to the way she was before she became the Wicked Witch of the West. Tiana stared out of the Stronghold's top window. Her mother was zooming away with her Aunt Evanora who didn't know she existed. They went out every night and whenever Tiana asked where they had gone her mother always said, \"We went to see your father.\" Tiana always asked if she could come, but her mother said no. I wonder if I'll ever meet father, she thought as she watched the black cloud her mother left behind from her broomstick. The next nights, for a week, mother didn't go out and instead she sent out her flying monkeys. And when Tiana tried coming down, she found her door locked. She tried every spell she knew and still couldn't unlock the door. Her room had no rope and nothing that was long enough to go to the window below, besides she wouldn't be able to fit out the window. Tiana started banging on the door and screamed for her mother. But then she saw something, a light coming from her window. She ran over to it and saw the dark clouds seperating and light streaming in. Tiana was blinded by the sun but when she could see the land was turning green. Flowers began dotting the landscape and she couldn't take in all the beauty. Then she saw a dot in the sky. An object began landing down on the lawn. Tiana ran to the door and tried unlocking it again, click, success! She ran down the stairs and found it strange that she didn't encounter anyone, but she ran outside and drank in the warmth. Then she saw the object, a basket attached to something that floated. Tiana cautiously approached it and looked inside, empty. A ladder was hanging over one side, she used it to climb into the basket. She marveling it when she noticed a fog had descended on the basket. Her feet scrambled to make her stand and then looked down on the ground, it was thousands of feet away. \"Oh no, mother's going to be mad.\" She ran about the small basket before huddling in a corner, \"What do I do? What do I do?\" As Tiana made to stand up again, she was thrown about in the basket. What's going on? She felt the basket be thrown and do a couple of leaps into the air before sliding across the ground. After a few moments she tried getting up only to collapse back into the side of the basket. She heard someone coming by the sound of boots, then it was followed by, what sounded like, a stampede. She heard sirens going off and people's voices but she still couldn't get up. \"Get over to that basket!\" \"Is that a hot air ballon?\" \"Does it matter? Just get over there and find out if anyone's in there.\" More boots came by, she couldn't get up. Every fiber in her being told her to run but she couldn't even lift a finger. She saw someone grab her hand and tell her she'll be alright and that she needed to stay still so they could get the debris off of the basket. \"Where am I?\" She asked trying to wiggle out from underneath of the basket she just realized was caving in. \"Ma'am, you're in Wyoming, now I need you to hold still. Otherwise your situation is going to get worse.\" A voice said. Someone cut away a small piece of the basket revealing who was holding her hand. The man had graying brown hair and hazel eyes that danced with fun. He called someone over so he could help with the debris. A boy with the man's same brown hair, minus the grey, and hazel eyes. The boy grabbed her hand as the man ran out of her sight, \"I'm Evan, what's your name?\" \"Tiana,\" she replied before blacking out. Please review this.[Chapter 2] Thank you Zerousy and Sakura Liesel for the reviews, Lord knows that I need them. :D Disclaimer: I do not own Theodora (deceased), Evanora (deceased), the Wizard of Oz (missing), or Dorothy (home) Evan POV I paced in the hospital's front room. None of the rescue men like to leave someone alone until they are certain whether or not someone made it through. Their worry was transmitted to me. This was my first rescue since my dad dragged me along hoping I would want to be a rescue man like him. I didn't want to go but when my father called me over to that basket that had a small pale hand sticking out of it and told me to hold it, I knew it was right to have come. That girl, Tiana, with her white hair and blue eyes, that seemed to pierce my very soul, seemed worth the horrible trip. The strange part was that we'd been told there was no hot air ballons up since we started the twister watch. So, where did she come from? She couldn't be from Colorado, Utah, Idaho, or Montana. I'd believe Nebraska but I doubted it. The weather channel said that a couple of funnel clouds had started in Kanas and quickly crossed into Colorado and then Wyoming. Maybe she got picked up in Kanas while riding around in a hot air balloon, but wouldn't there have been someone else in there? A doctor came out and everyone stood up, \"Which one of you is the parent?\" My father came forward, \"None of us ma'am, we're just the team that rescued her.\" The doctor looked at a clipboard and sighed, \"Well, the little miss-\" \"Tiana, ma'am,\" I interrupted. \"Excuse me,\" she said putting her hands on her hips. I looked down at my shoelaces, the entire team was staring at me. ME! I'm only the fifteen year old who's going along for the ride because of his father. \"B-before she blacked out she said her name was Tiana, ma'am,\" I stammered, the words seemed jumbled together to me as I hurried to spit them out. \"Well, Tiana,\" she emphasized the name, \"came here with a broken rib,\" the whole team shook their heads, \"but as we went to reset it, the unbelivable happened.\" We looked at her, urging her to say something, \"The bone had reset itself and had already healed!\" Everyone looked at each other in disbelief. \"We thought something was wrong with the machine so we wheeled her into another room and we got the same results.\" \"How's that possible,\" Derek, the leader of the team, asked. \"Either she jumped out of a comic book, or something's going on that none of us could possibly comprehend.\" The doctor said turning to look at a nurse. \"Doctor Thompson, she's awake, but none us can understand what she wants. She keeps talking about a stronghold and a place where there are flying monkies,\" the nurse said with a puzzled expression on her face. Victor laughed, \"Sounds like that lady from the news, what was her name? Dorothy Gale, I think. She talked about while she was in her house in the tornado she dreamed about a place called, Oz, where there was a Wicked Witch of the West who had flying monkies. Strangest thing I ever heard.\" He had voiced my thoughts and everyone agreed with it. My father stepped forward, \"Look Doc, can we see her, we never leave someone who we rescued until we are sure they have everything they need.\" The doctor looked at the clipboard as if it might have some answers and the nurse cleared her throat, \"And she's asking about someone named Evan.\" Everyone looked at me and I looked at nurse wide-eyed, \"Me? Why's she asking about me?\" \"If you were there when she blacked out it's normal that she'd ask for you,\" Dr. Thompson said looking at her clipboard. All the boys that were with their fathers glared at me as if they thought one of them was supposed to be in my situation, being asked about by a pretty girl. The doc sighed, \"Fine, but only in pairs, the rooms not big enough for all of you.\" She turned to me. \"Since you are being asked for you and your father can come in first.\" I noticed my \"friends\" were glaring at me in hatred. I felt nervous as Dr. Thompson guided my father upstairs. She motioned for us to wait outside and she went inside, \"Hello, I'm Dr. Thompson and-\" \"Is Evan here?\" A sweet voice asked. I heard that voice and thought of bells, then I heard the grating voice of Dr. Thompson answer, \"Yes, but you have other visitors as well. So he and his father will only be here for five minutes, or until I get back with the next set of visitors.\" She walked out and nodded us inside and walked away. Father and I looked at eachother before walking forward. The room was sterile white with blue curtains. Tiana sat in a chair in a white dress that obviously wasn't a hospital gown. It came up to just below her neck and was decorated with swan feathers. Her voice sounded like a harp that time as she spoke, \"I thank you for helping me out of the basket, it was an uncomfortable situation.\" \"I bet,\" were the only words I could choke out. She gave me a smile that sent my heart skipping in place. My father started asking her if she needed anything and if the hospital was treating her well. Tiana seemed to find it amusing until father asked where she lived, \"I live in Oz, in the dark forest, at the old,\" she paused and frowned, \"I don't remember the old stronghold's name, fancy that!\" She gave us a broad smile that showed perfect white teeth. Father went back to asking her questions and each time she answered her smile grew even broader. After a while the nurse stuck her head in and made a coughing noise as she gestured for me and father. We said our good-byes to Tiana and her smile seemed to turn to an instant frown. As we walked out I saw Victor and his son Trevor walk into the room. Trevor had a smirk on his face as we walked past eachother. What was that about? Tiana POV The boys from the rescue team came and went, eachone tried to impress me with their sons accomplishments and their sons made the excuse that it was hot in the room so they took off their jackets and their first shirts revealing white workout shirts that revealed their abs and biceps. But they all looked at me with a want that confused me. I'm pretty good at reading emotions, but I couldn't understand what was going on in their minds. I seen that look on many of the Winkies that walked around the stronghold and still couldn't identify it. None of the boys stayed for more than five minutes except one he stayed for ten. He was the son of Derek, Julian. He asked me my age. \"Fifteen,\" I replied without hesitation. I had answered every question for the past three minutes and I had studied his face within that time and yet I still couldn't find what his face hid from me. Julian nodded and continued with asking questions. At one point his father left the room and this made me nervous. Every fiber in my being screamed at me to run and that this wasn't right. He walked over to me and was about to whisper something in my ear when Dr. Thompson came in and said that visiting hours were over. I couldn't supress the relief that washed over me. When Julian was close to the door I motioned the doctor over to me. She came, like one of mother's flying monkies, coming when summoned, \"Please, I don't want anyone else to come and visit me except Evan and his father.\" I realized I didn't know the man's name, but Dr. Thompson nodded and then left writing something on her clipboard. I straightened out my white dress that fooled the doctor and the parents that it was a simple hospital gown. I remembered finding the dress design in one of my mother's old books. I stood walked over to the bed, laid down, and curled up. A storm over head caused a little girl to run down a long hallway in an old, crumbling stronghold. Everytime lightning flashed and thunder rumbled the girl whimpered. She ran toward her mother's empty room. \"Mother, mother,\" she cried into the night. More thunder rumbled and she flung herself onto the floor and crawled under the bed. Crying more and more at each lightning flash and each rumble of thunder. Until she heard the woods groan and the stomps of boots. The girl squirmed out from underneath the bed and looked up at her mother. Everyone saw her mother as a green-skinned, hooked-nose Wicked Witch of the West, but the girl saw her from before she was the Wicked Witch of the West. Someone who was beautiful. The two sat together in the darkness as the storm continued to rage on outside, in the world they wouldn't go out to until morning.[Chapter 3] Please review this so I know how to make it better. Julian POV I waited outside of Tiana's room. My mother, Dr. Thompson, came out and moved toward me. We talked as we walked to the hospital's entrance. \"So, mom, what did she ask you?\" I asked. Mother was wrapped around my finger, I could get her to murder someone, if I wanted to. \"Tiana asked that no one other then Evan and his father visit her, but I've changed that to where you and Trevor can also visit her,\" she paused. \"I'm pretty sure she'll be leaving tomorrow, so be ready to ask her.\" I nodded and she went to go clock out while I went to wait with father in the car. My plan was coming together. Tiana POV I sat on my bed in the early morning hours. I'd been listening to the birds sing when I heard footsteps enter my room. I turned expecting Evan or his father only to see Julian. My eyes opened as I looked at Julian and I opened my mouth to say something, but nothing came out. \"Hello, Tiana, beautiful morning isn't it?\" Julian walked over to my bed and sat next to me. \"Get out. I asked that only Evan and his father visit me today,\" I managed, scooting away from him. He sighed, \"Evan asked me to-\" Evan stormed in, \"Let's hear it, what did I ask you, hmmm.\" A wave of relief washed over me as I stood up to hide behind him. Julian frowned, \"Did I say you? I meant my father! He wanted to ask if you guys would be willing to join me and Trevor tomorrow for a hot air balloon ride.\" Evan glared at him. I could feel the doubt and anger coming off of him in waves. \"Maybe, now I do believe Tiana asked you to leave.\" Julian nodded and left glaring at Evan who returned the glare. When he left I sat down on my bed with a sigh of relief. Evan pulled up a chair as I asked, \"You don't believe him.\" \"About what,\" Evan's tone softened as he talked to me. I looked at him giving him the you-know-what look. \"I don't believe what he said about the hot air balloon ride.\" We continued talking and I told him I didn't want to spend another night at the hospital and asked if he had anyplace I could stay. He suggested his house and I said yes, it was better than being near Julian. Julian POV When I got home I started punching the walls. Evan and Tiana, they looked so perfect together! She hid behind him and all I could think about was that should've been me. Trevor came over an hour later and he was mad. Apparently, Tiana was staying the night at Evan's. That boy was a suck-up and he was getting on my nerves. But Trevor had good news. Evan and Tiana were going to join us for a hot air balloon ride and that got me thinking. What if Evan and Trevor accidently fell out of the hot air balloon? That would leave Tiana to me! Oh, I'd be the happiest man in the world if I could get that beauty to join me in bed and become my wife. Then I had another idea. There was a tornado warning so if Evan and Trevor were in a hot air balloon and were killed in a twister than Tiana would still be mine. That was Plan A, pushing Trevor and Evan out was Plan B. I wonder if Tiana has any sisters. Evan POV Today we were going for the hot air balloon ride. Something was off about it, but when I saw Tiana at breakfast in a silver sparkling dress everything was put aside in my mind. To be honest, she was the only one who kept me from clocking Julian yesterday when he almost lied to her. I can't believe that jerk would take advantage of someone who was in a twister and managed to survive and who we still couldn't find any relatives of, actually, yes I could believe that. Father had fixed pancakes for breakfast, he said that something that was light wouldn't make someone throw up in a hot air balloon, I doubt that. Tiana was eating them, savoring every bite, when a knock came at the door. Father and I went to answer it and Tiana started cleaning up. Father opened the door to reveal Derek standing there. I saw Julian and Trevor outside waiting by the car. \"Troy, we're here to pick up- oh, you probably know why we're here. But we have to go soon or they'll rent the hot air ballon to someone else,\" Derek said with a smile. Father smiled back, \"Of course, Derek, they're both ready. Evan, will you go get Tiana, tell her I'll clean up breakfast.\" I nodded and walked to the kitchen. Complete shock hit me when I saw Tiana put the butter away in the fridge. Everything was cleaned up, how she did it I don't know. She gave me a smile and put her hands on my shoulders. I let her turn me around and guide me away from the kitchen. As we walked out Tiana told father not to worry about cleaning up and that she'd taken care of it. When we finally reached the car I'd composed myself, the front seat was empty and Julian and Trevor sat in the back of the red Audi, eager was written all over their faces. They'd plan it so that I would sit up front and Tiana was in the back with them. Well, let's see how they like it when I have Tiana sit up front? She took one glance and accepted, I sat in the back forcing Julian to scoot over to the middle seat where he sat there glaring at me. Tiana had a warm smile on her face when she turned around and looked at me. I warned her to put on her seat belt, and she looked at me quizzically. So, I reached forward and showed her how to put on her seatbelt which earned me even more glares from Julian and Trevor. What was their problem today? Derek came in and didn't seem to notice that his son wasn't happy. He drove us to the field where the hot air balloon was set up. As soon as he stopped I was out of my seat belt, out the door, and opening Tiana's door. She unbuckled and accepted being helped out. When she saw the hot air balloon recognition set in on her face. Derek gave us the stay safe lecture and he drove away. Tiana was running across the field and sat by the balloon waiting for us. When we arrived Julian sighed, \"It's not big enough for all of us. I guess only two will get to go at a time.\" Tiana gave us a knowing smile and climbed into the balloon. She began walking around inside of it saying something we couldn't hear. Then she stopped. \"Now it is!\" I climbed in and saw it was much larger now. I called to Julian and Trevor who were pushing each other on the way to the ladder. Tiana sat in one corner of the balloon's basket, smiling up at the sky. I wonder what was going through her mind? Trevor and Julian got us up in the air as I sat by Tiana, watching their every move. All the sudden we heard tornado sirens and Julian laughed. \"It's the first Friday of the month, it's just a drill,\" Julian said getting us higher in the air. I shoved me down onto the basket, \"You idiot! Didn't you look around? There are funnel clouds forming, we have to get on the ground.\" Trevor and I frantically worked to get the balloon back on the ground only to hear Tiana say, \"Too late.\" I looked over at her, she was smiling, at a time like this! Then I glanced over at the funnel clouds, they'd devolped into a twister faster than I could imagine and it was heading right for us. We tried to stir away from the twister's path but we were swallowed whole. Oh no, another twister! Well, I wonder where it'll take them. Hopefully Julian's plans won't come true. Please review. :D[Chapter 4] Thanks for the great reviews, there's too many to list at the moment. Sorry I haven't updated in a while, I've been enjoying a break from school. Disclaimer: I don't own some of the characters you're about to meet. Julian POV As we were sucked into the twister I heard someone laughing. I looked over to Tiana and saw her laughing, she screamed something that was drowned out by the howling wind. Evan motioned us to sit in the corners, my only thoughts were that we better make it out alive. Something came out of no where and Tiana was curled up on the floor. If there is a Lord out there, he better make sure Tiana made it through alive. A scream was ripped from my throat that didn't sound like mine. Tiana POV As I fell into unconsciousness I saw the basket that took me to- Wyoming, I think that's what it's called. It sat in a river the bright colors on the balloon faded from years in the water. A man, wreathed in shadows, stepped out to it and with a snap of his fingers the basket was empty and the balloon was standing, straight like a noble, as it drifted into the air. He stepped back and vanished from sight. If he fixed it, who broke it? The balloon continued going up in the air until it disappeared toward the Dark Forest. Evan POV I'd seen Tiana crumple, but at the moment all I cared about was making it through the twister. Things kept coming in through the sides of the basket and I believe I heard something hit the balloon. Julian and Trevor were screaming their heads off saying they didn't want to die. Once or twice we were nearly knocked out of the balloon into the waiting hands of death below. Then, like magic, everything stopped. The sky was bright and blue, but something wasn't right. I motioned for Julian and Trevor to remain seated, but I'd forgotten Tiana. I looked and saw she was awake and standing, a brilliant smile was plastered on her face. \"Tiana, get down,\" I hissed at her. Her smile grew bigger as she said, \"You have to see this.\" I glanced at Julian and Trevor, who were clutching the sides like they were going to die if they let go. I stood up and looked over the side and couldn't believe my eyes. It was something out of a fairy tale. I glanced at Tiana who was leaning over the side a bit too far for my comfort. I grabbed her arm and pulled her over to me, she seemed puzzled by my action, but a quick glance at Trevor and Julian told me they were furious at me. They stood up and strode over to Tiana and I, then shoved me away and almost over the edge. Tiana's hand shot out faster than a bullet and grabbed me. Below was rushing river and further ahead, a waterfall. Fear had filled Tiana's eyes as I stood there with one leg touching the bottom of the basket until she pulled me in. Julian wore a scowl on his face as he muttered that he didn't mean to push me that hard. What was going on inside of his head? Tiana POV I can't explain what happened when Evan almost fell over the edge. But when he looked into my eyes with his chocolate-brown ones my heart leaped. What was the matter with me. Before I could figure that out we were all the sudden plummeting. Evan ran to the control thingy that made the balloon rise and started fiddling with it. At the last second we pulled away from the waterfall, but were still plummeting to our deaths. I shoved Evan aside and touched the flames with my fingertips. The flame became hotter as we stopped plummeting and started drifting, I guess. Julian and Trevor sat on the floor with tears almost coming out. I shook my head and returned to gazing out at Oz, my home. I'd never been outside of the Dark Forest so it was all new to me. Then I saw what was going to happen. We were about to crash in water. I frantically searched for dry ground to land on, there was none. I screamed as we seemed to go faster toward my death. Then all the sudden I felt myself in someone's arms. I looked at who it was and saw Evan, he seemed to catch on to something. He held me close to him as he put his back to the water. Evan'd picked me up princess style as I closed my eyes, waiting for my inevitable death. Theodora POV I heard a scream and saw something come out of the sky. I couldn't really tell with my red hat, but I could tell whoever it was would need some help. Especially, if they planned to avoid the water fairies. Hmm, wouldn't they be mad? Sorry it was short, but I'll update as soon as possible. Please review. :D[Chapter 5] Thanks to kittyhawk09 and Sakura Lisel for the reviews. I hope you enjoy this chapter and please review. :D Julian POV I couldn't do anything but hold onto Trevor and scream. What ever Tiana saw it scared her enough to scream so why shouldn't I? But when I saw Evan hold onto her and hold her in his arms, I tried to stop screaming and go over there, but Trevor grabbed me and kept screaming. What scared Tiana? Maybe I could use her fear to get her to do what I want! Then I could be rid of Trevor and Evan and be home free. I heard a splash and the hot air balloon settled in water. What had scared Tiana? She couldn't be scared of a little water. But then it started to fill the basket. Maybe she was scared of drowning? But who wouldn't be? Evan hopped over the basket edge and ran for land with Tiana's arms wrapped around his neck. So the water wasn't very deep, what made her scream? When Trevor stopped screaming Tiana was sitting on dry ground, looking at us, \"You might want to get out of the water.\" I snorted, \"Why? It's just water?\" \"Because of the river fairies,\" an unfamiliar voice said. A woman with a red hat and black hair wearing a white shirt, red jacket, black pants and black high-heel boots came out of some plants nearby. Tiana turned before flinging herself in the woman's arms, \"Mother, I promise I won't leave home ever again.\" The woman seemed startled, \"Um, w-who are you?\" Tiana took a step back and looked at the woman. \"What do you mean,\" she asked. The woman shook her head, \"I don't know you. I'm Theodora the Good. My sister is Evanora who lives up at the Emerald City.\" Tiana opened her mouth a little and looked at the plants around them. Tiana POV What was going on here? Mother had told me that Evanora hadn't lived in the Emerald City in years. And Aunt Evanora was the Wicked Witch of the East. Was I missing something? I walked away from Mother and toward the river's edge as Trevor and Julian came out screaming as the river fairies started to bite their legs. Evan came up behind me and tried whispering something in my ear, but I walked away and turned toward Mother. \"What do you mean Evanora lives up in the Emerald City? You and her were-,\" I began before it dawned on me. \"Your curse is broken.\" Everyone looked at me as Mother cocked her head, \"What curse? I've never been cursed in my life.\" Mother was getting frustrated, \"Who's the Wicked Witch?\" \"Glenda, she poisoned her own father,\" Mother answered. \"Come on, everyone knows that story.\" I smiled and started walking, \"Yes, but I know something you don't, but I need you to take me to the Emerald City.\" Mother looked confused, but she took the lead. Evan followed me and Julian and Trevor followed him. They kept trying to shove him aside, but everytime I just looked at them. Eventually, we made it to the yellow brick road where Mother stopped, \"Where's Knuck? He and a couple of Winkies should be here with a carriage.\" I shuddered, \"Never did like Winkies. They stared at me kinda wierd.\" Evan glared at Trevor and Julian as they began looking at everything but me. Mother shrugged and continued walking, and we walked to the Emerald City. Evan POV The Emerald City was HUGE! I felt like 10 Cheyennes could fit in the palace alone. We hadn't entered yet, but I could see people on the battlements of the city looking down at us with fright. Then, I looked at Tiana. She seemed so happy when Theodora had shown up. I doubted that Theodora was Tiana's mother, who could forget their own child? My heart did a skip-tap thing when Tiana turned toward Julian, Trevor, and I and welcomed us to the Emerald City. This all sounded a lot like Dorothy Gale's dream when she was in that twister. Then, out of nowhere, came a rather large bubble. It floated down in front of us and popped. A woman with blonde hair appeared. She wore a white dress that looked a lot like Tiana's. \"Glenda,\" Theodora hissed. Two fireballs appeared in her hands. Glenda raised a hand, \"Calm down, Theodora, it's over. Evanora was the Wicked Witch and she's dead. We have a wizard again. It's over.\" The fireballs didn't disappear, \"First, you poison you're father and now you kill my sister. What dark magic got to you?\" \"Uh, Theo, you're sister poisoned my father. Come on, I'll introduce you to Oz,\" Glenda took Theodora's hand when the fireballs disappeared. We followed the two through the gates and up to the palace. A hot air balloon sat in the center of the courtyard. We could use that to go home! But something kept me from walking over to it and getting Julian, Trevor, and Tiana so we could go home. I don't know what, but there was more people here and they kept looking at us with fright, well more like at Theodora with fright. When we walked into the castle a little girl stood there. She looked a lot like Glenda, but with dark brown hair instead of blonde, \"Mother, father would like to see you in the throne room without the Wicked Witch of the West.\" \"Well, Theodora is coming with me along with her friends. So, your father will have to deal with it,\" Glenda replied as she continued to walk. The girl scowled at her mother but she smiled at me and linked her arm in mine. I watched Tiana, she did nothing, so I glanced back at Trevor and Julian and mouthed Help me. They chuckled before walking up and separating me from the girl. She scowled as I walked up to Tiana, \"So, what can you tell me about the Emerald City?\" \"Not much,\" she gave a little shrug. \"Mother and I lived in the Dark Forest all my life. The only thing I could tell you is what the name states.\" Glenda paused and looked at Tiana, \"You lived in the Dark Forest? Who was your mother?\" Tiana blinked, \"Theodora is my mother, but she doesn't remember.\" Glenda's eyes widened as she turned and sped up the procession to the throne room. When we entered she immediately started calling out, \"OZ, get out here I need to talk to you.\" An old man walked out from behind a curtain and stopped in his tracks, \"Theodora? This can't be. You're-you're dead.\" \"Oz, that's not what's important right now,\" Glenda pointed a finger at Tiana. \"She's important right now.\" He looked at Glenda quizzically. \"She's Theodora's daughter,\" Glenda explained. \"Meaning she's your daughter!\" Oz's eyes widened as he stared at Tiana. The room was filled with silence. Oz stared at Tiana, who fidgeted under his stare, along with everyone else. Theodora kept looking between Oz and Tiana. Tiana was a KING's daughter. I saw something pass between Trevor and Julian and I looked at Tiana before whispering, \"Tiana, would you like to go outside for a little?\" She nodded. I grabbed her shoulders and started to steer her out the door. Glenda's daughter stood in our way, \"I don't care if that girl's my sister or not! I'm not letting her leave!\" Tiana looked up, her eyes steeled, \"Move.\" Glenda's daughter looked taken back, \"You can't give me orders.\" Tiana's eyes flared for a moment as she waved her hand and the girl flew into Julian and Trevor. \"I told you to move. Don't argue with a sorceress,\" Tiana hissed as she continued out the door. I felt like a puppy as I followed her. What had just happened there? Sorry if it was a little shorter than I intended, but now I have three stories here and am going to start my second one of Fictionpress. But I hope you enjoyed. :D[Chapter 6] Tiana POV Evan and I had walked out to the courtyard. The people of the Emerald City had gone back to their everyday lives. As soon as we were on a patch of soft grass, I felt my knees buckle. I'd just given away me and my mother's secret. My entire body was racked in violent shakes as I thought back on the situation in the throne room. I was royalty? I had a sister, who I dearly hated? How could Mother have kept this from me? My stomach tightened and I felt like I was going to throw up. Evan came over and placed a comforting hand on my shoulder which caused my chest to tighten. I remember my sister linking her arm with his, I'd made no reaction to that but to be honest, I felt like punching her. My mind pictured her having a smug look on her face as they discussed in the throne room. \"Tiana, are you alright?\" Evan asked. He'd dragged me out of imagining me wiping the smug look off of my sister's face. \"Yes,\" I replied weakly. I glanced at him, his eyes were full of concern. \"What did you mean 'don't argue with a sorceress'?\" he asked. His concerned look turned into a contemplative one. I sighed, \"I'd rather not have to explain.\" He gave me an understanding nod. Then, I couldn't contain my emotions anymore. I wept openly. My mind raced as to find out why, but I couldn't find an explanation. Evan drew me into a hug and placed his chin on the top of my hair. Through bleary eyes I saw an old Munchkin standing by. He didn't look to happy as he said, \"Who are you?\" Evan explained as best he could as I was still recovering from the tears. The old Munchkin nodded, \"I'm Knuck. I serve Oz, Glenda, and Eva, their daughter.\" I looked at him as I brought a hand up to wipe away the remains of the tears. Then, something registered in my mind. I got up and ran to the nearest pond, I checked my reflection and saw that none of the tears had burned me as I thought they would have. I started to dance with joy, laughter came out hard, but it was pleasant. I'd never laughed in that crumbling stronghold that I'd grown up in. Evan grabbed my shoulders and brought me to an unexpected stop. My silver dress swished as it settled into its former position. He stared into my eyes as if he was searching for something. I stared into his, never breaking eye contact. \"Knuck, explained to me what a sorceress is. He also told me about witches and wizards. But I'm not seeing any evil that comes with being a sorceress in you,\" Evan whispered. I smiled at him, \"Of course not, he told you about the most renown type of sorceress. I'm one of the sorceresses that isn't quite known.\" He smiled back at me before releasing my shoulders. I moved around him when I saw everyone that was in the throne room come out the front door. The citizens of the Emerald City came forward to see what was happening. My mother ran to me and gave me a hug. She was trying not to cry, and I smiled. I've cried enough for both of us. She started to apologize for not remembering me on site. But I wrapped her in a hug and we both sank to the ground laughing. The people of the Emerald City looked at each other in confusion. Julian POV In the throne room we had discussed Tiana when Theodora had asked to go see her. Nobody argued, except Eva, I was happy that Tiana had a pretty half-sister, but Eva wasn't as beautiful as Tiana. She never would be. We still went outside. I'd been out first and I saw Evan grab Tiana and talk to her. She gave him a smile that she never gave anyone else. Then as the others came out Evan turned acting like nothing had ever happened. I bet he thought about kissing her. I was happy we'd stopped any moves from him. Theodora had pushed past me to get to her daughter. Seeing them both laugh brought the corners of my lips up in a smile. Weaknesses we're very useful to me. Evan looked at me with a raised eyebrow but said nothing. I wonder what he was thinking. Oz turned to the crowd of his subjects and announced, \"There will be a feast tonight on the return of Theodora the Good. Also, I'd like to introduce to everybody my other daughter, Tiana.\" Everyone cheered before running to grab tables and chairs to set up outside. Others ran to go and cook for the feast. Tonight would be a cheerful one for everyone, except for Eva. She turned to go inside with a scowl on her face. I heard her mutter, \"It's my birthday and he doesn't mention that as a cause for a celebration.\" A lightbulb triggered in my head at the sound of that. Something I could exploit. I wanted to give a devilish grin and pat myself on the back, but that would alert Evan that I was up to something. Wouldn't want that, would we? Evan POV The feast was something I'd never seen before. It was full of the greatest foods I'd ever tasted. Tiana had looked at it in shock as the food was piling up on the long table. But I didn't really pay attention to the food. I was keeping my Julian, he was acting strangely. Everytime I looked at him he was glancing at Eva, who scowled at her food, but we dug in gratefully. Tiana sat next to her mother who sat on Oz's right-hand side. I sat next to Tiana and across from Julian. He sat between Eva and Trevor, next to Eva was her mother, Glenda, who in turn sat on Oz's left-hand side. Everytime I glanced at Tiana, my mind kept racing to what Knuck had said about sorceresses. They were evil, murderous beings who were feared and shunned. They controled the elements and didn't need something to channel their magic through like a wand, ring, necklace, etc. That Tiana, she was happy and nobody seemed to fear her, I was about to ask her something when Eva said, \"We haven't been properly introduced, I'm Eva.\" She extended her hand to me across the table. I didn't accept it but I said my name which brought a glow to her green eyes. \"Evan and Eva, sounds like a combination doesn't it?\" she asked cupping her hands around her chin and resting her elbows on the table. I was about to stammer out a reply when Julian but in and introduced himself which got out only a \"Pleasure\" from her. Some music started and she got up and raced around the table to me, pulling on my arm saying, \"C'mon let's dance.\" I shook my head dumbly muttering that I didn't know how to dance. \"Oh, c'mon, it'll be fun and I can teach you.\" I looked toward Tiana for help as I gripped the edge of the table to stay where I was. Tiana sighed and said, \"Eva, if Evan doesn't want to dance, he doesn't have to.\" Eva froze and the remaining people at the table stared at the two sisters. Eva released my arm and turned toward Tiana, \"I'm the Princess, he has to do as I say.\" \"He is not a citizen of Oz, if he was, then he would have to listen to you, but since he isn't he doesn't have to,\" Tiana said slowly like she was talking to a kindergartener who didn't know how to add 1 and 1. She glanced at her father and received a nod. Eva curled her small hands into fists, Tiana looked at the threat and calmly stood up, \"You want to do this again, because I can tell you who's going to win.\" The courtyard was silent as everyone watched the two princesses, everyone except the dancers and musicians who were oblivious to what was going on. Suddenly, Eva grabbed my arm and tried to pull me out to the dance floor. Julian came by and asked for a dance with Eva, she seemed flattered and accepted. A wave of relief washed over me like a flood. It wasn't that I didn't know how to dance it was just that I didn't want to dance with Eva, if she hadn't asked me to dance I would've asked Tiana. I glanced over at her, she was sitting back at the table motioning for everyone to continue eating. Trevor squirmed in his chair as he continuely glanced at Tiana then the dance floor. He was about to say something as a man walked over and asked Tiana to dance. I watched her freeze in her seat, the man held out his hand and she glanced at her mother. Theodora studied the man's face before fixing him with a withering gaze. The man took back his hand and left to go to his seat. I watched Tiana and saw that she'd just became uncomfortable as everyman from down the table were staring at her. Theodora, Oz, and Glenda didn't see this so I immediately asked Tiana if she'd like to go for a walk. She seemed to eager to accept. None of the adults stared at us as we left passing by the dance floor with Tiana walking the closest to it. I kept an eye on where Julian and Eva were at as we passed. They'd be happy to change dance partners if given the chance. We walked out to the garden and sat down on the soft grass. Tiana stared at the stars and moon with wonder showing in her blue eyes. I saw her hair reflect the moon's light like a mirror as we sat there in the silence for minutes. \"Do you know why they look at me like that,\" she asked. I looked at her quizzically as she turned her head toward me. My mind raced through the memories of people's faces everytime Tiana had been around and realized what she was talking about. \"Yes,\" I whispered. She didn't speak, just looked at me. \"It's the look a guy gives a girl that he thinks he's in love with, but truly isn't. Some girls give guys the same look that means they just want to use them.\" I closed my eyes and thought on tonight's events before I saw Eva give me the same look in my memories. \"But you don't look at me like that, why?\" Tiana asked. She searched my face as if it might have some answers if I didn't answer. Her question shocked me, \"'Cause I know better than that.\" She nodded and went back to looking at the sky. I sat in the silence waiting for something to happen. Then, I looked at her, her white hair seemed not only reflect the moon beams, but to also capture them in away I didn't understand. I wished I could gaze into her eyes and see what came across. As I thought that, my chest tightened and my heart did a skip-tap thing again, like it had done in the hospital and when we were outside of the Emerald City. What was happening to me? \"We should-,\" she began. She looked into my eyes and asked what color they were. Why would she ask that? \"Hazel, like my father's,\" I replied. Her eyes went wide. She was standing up and pulling me over to the pond before I could even move. \"What do you see?\" Tiana asked. She backed away from the water and I stared in. I told her I saw my hazel eyes and I described my face. When I looked back at her, she seemed troubled by my description, \"Are you sure your eyes aren't brown?\" I nodded my head, that only seemed to trouble her more. She looked down at the ground, \"We should go back to the castle.\" I nodded and followed her, she was acting strange. If only I'd known the cause at that moment-? But that would've been impossible at the moment. We went back to castle and walked inside without a word as the citizens of the Emerald City started to clean up the remains of the feast. Hey guys, I think this is my longest chapter so far. Please review this.[Chapter 7] Eva POV I didn't understand why Tiana, that sorceress, had to stand in my way to Evan. He was obviously the one for me since our names practically matched. She didn't react when I'd put my arm in his, so why was she reacting now? Of all times, she had to pick my birthday to counter my moves. My birthday. But even if Julian wasn't Evan I still had a wonderful time with him. He'd asked if he could visit me in my chambers while we were dancing. If tonight was any other night I would've said yes. But tonight was something that happened once a month. The Wicked Witch of the East comes to visit. Everyone thought she'd been crushed underneath a house but in truth she been brought back to her former glory. No one knew but me. Evanora came once a month to teach me what she knew. She said that eventually I'd become a wicked woman, but of beauty that surpassed all. This didn't bug me. I knew what I wanted, that was power, only Evanora could give me the power that I sought. I heard a tap on my chamber window, I ran to it and said, \"Come in, Evanora, I'm ready for tonight's lesson.\" Tiana POV As soon as Evan left to go to his chambers, I ran to my mother's. She'd understand what was going on, she always did. When I was a little girl, my Quadling caretaker had said that my mother was only beautiful when I was holding her hand. I hadn't understood that until my mother said that I saw everyone for who they truely were, not for their appearances. Mother might explain why Evan's eyes were brown to me, but hazel to everyone else. Why was that? He had said to me twice that his eyes were hazel, but I saw pools of chocolate brown in the hot air balloon and at the castle. I stopped outside of Eva's room when I heard an unfamiliar voice say, \"And here's how you can make the very storms do what you want.\" It sounded like child's play to me, that is until Eva replied, \"How's this, Evanora?\" I didn't wait for the reply, I was running down the hall toward my father's chambers. He was about to go in when I called to him. \"What is it, Tiana?\" he asked nervously. I was breathing hard, but I managed to get out, \"Eva...I heard her...talking to an...Evanora.\" My father's eyes widened, he started to quietly walk down the hall to Eva's room. I watched him wait outside of her room for a few minutes before coming back. His face was a sickly pale, his hands shook and his eyes were wide with fright. \"Tiana, go back to what you were doing before, make no mention of this to your mother, Glenda, or anyone else. We'll convene a meeting tomorrow,\" he said quickly. He stopped long enough to get my nod before walking into his room. When his door shut I began walking to my mother's room. I could hear her sleeping, so I left for my own chambers deciding to leave it for tomorrow. It was dark in my room, but I could hear someone's breathing besides my own. I cautiously turned on a light, pretending I hadn't heard their heavy breathing. Then there was a gag on my mouth, it smelled sweet, but I fought to get it off. I held my breath as I struggled to get free. \"Calm down, Tiana, I just didn't want you to scream,\" I didn't recognize the voice that spoke. \"I need to talk to you.\" The cloth was taken off my mouth, my knees buckled and I fell to the floor gasping. Nevertheless, I turned to see who had assaulted me. He stepped out of the shadows, Julian. My heart beat faster as I scooted away from him, I was still having trouble breathing. He just smiled and continued toward me. I was about to scream at him when the cloth was against my mouth again. He scooped me up and put me on the bed. What was happening? Evan POV Something didn't feel right when I left Tiana. Instead of walking to my chambers, I followed her. She was running so I didn't worry about her seeing me. Oz was by Eva's door while Tiana stood by Oz's chambers looking at him. I waited as Oz went over to her and said something I couldn't hear, Tiana nodded and Oz went into his room while she continued down the hallway. She stopped at her mother's room for a few seconds before moving on to her own. When she closed the door I waited outside listening. I heard Julian's voice, a thud and then some gasping. When I heard a soft thump I charged into the room without thinking. A cloth was on Tiana's mouth, she lay on her back on her bed, still in her silver dress. Julian turned toward me as I brought up my fist. His eyes had widened as I landed a solid punch on his chin. I saw Tiana rip the cloth from her mouth and jump off the bed from the corner of my eye. She looked at Julian before edging toward me. He started to get up from the floor he'd landed on and glared at me. Tiana had edged behind me while I'd watched Julian rub his jaw. He stopped rubbing and asked, \"What was that for?\" \"You were about to-,\" I couldn't even get it out of my mouth before Oz, Theodora and Glenda came to the entrance. Oz looked at me and Tiana, then Julian, and back again, \"What's going on here?\" When Julian started to speak Oz gave him a look before turning toward me, \"Julian was about to do the most vile thing to a woman, I can think of, to Tiana.\" Glenda and Theodora looked at Oz, puzzled, as his eyes widened with understanding. He turned toward Julian with murder in his eyes, \"Get out of my sight.\" Julian scrambled away before Oz sighed, \"That's one more thing to bring up at the meeting tomorrow.\" Tiana then ran to her mother and father and wept. Oddly, she cried only into her father. They patted her back in a comforting way as I felt the pounding in my ears begin to subside, \"What meeting, sir?\" I was afraid to offend the old man you seemed quite scary at some points. \"An emergency meeting, that you will be attending,\" Oz replied cryptically. I figured he wanted me there to comfort his daughter while he spoke, so I nodded. Oz looked at his daughter, \"I want you to carry a knife with you at all times, or at least be prepared to use magic.\" Tiana nodded before she whispered something in Theodora's ear. Everyone dispersed, including me, we left Tiana, Oz and Theodora alone. I wonder what they were talking about. Theodora POV We waited until it was only Tiana, Oz and I left. She began explaining her dilemma to us. It puzzled me, how could a man's eyes be hazel, but chocolate brown to Tiana? Oz and I shared a look, he apparently had read the same tome I had. It was a secret, so not many had ever read it, but neither he or I said anything about it. There was a tome hidden in the palace's library that talked about two sisters, one was light and the other was dark, they hated each other with a passion that made the storms tremble. Now the sister of light was a magic weaver that many feared and believed was dark, so she was shunned. The sister of dark, however, was loved and adored. Then one day, a mysterious note came, it said \" The child of light must marry the prince of dark. \" Everyone in the kingdom believed the sister of dark was the child of light so was sent to marry the prince of dark. When the sister of light found out about the marriage, she set out at once for the kingdom that shunned them. When the priest was about to give the marriage rite the prince of dark became angry. He said the kingdom was trying to marry him to the child of darkness. The prince threatened to destroy the kingdom, but before he could kill the sister of dark, the sister of light came out. She said the people feared her for what she was, not who. But the prince saw the sister of light and told the kingdom there was his wife. After his wedding the citizens of the kingdom went and attacked the couple's home, killing them, and the kingdom fell. They say that the tomb that the couple were buried in was empty and so was the sister of dark's after she died from poison 12 years later. Then another legend said that the child of light, the prince of dark and the child of dark were reborn, to do the marriage right and to restore the old kingdom. But that was just a story and a legend. Nothing like that ever happened here. I didn't know what was going on with my daughter, but I was going to keep that a secret. \"Maybe, your seeing things, Tiana,\" I told her after a long moment of silence. \"We tend to see things that aren't there when we're startled or tired.\" Tiana looked down in concentration, she wore a frown as she processed what I just said. Oz gave her a smile, \"Now get some rest, we'll have a busy day tomorrow.\" Tiana nodded and got up. Oz and I stood up, told her good-night and went to our separate chambers to get some rest ourselves. It felt nice to sleep in my own bed for a night and I feel asleep in no time. Tiana POV Morning came earlier than I expected, but I rose with the dawn and got dressed in my white, swan-feathered dress. When I entered the hallway in soft blue shoes, no one was there. I smiled and walked down the hall, listening to the sounds of people sleeping. As I walked toward the dining hall I smelled intoxicating aromas. I entered the entrance hall that spilt into three ways, two went to the chambers while the third went to most of the building. Evan came out of the opposite hallway dressed in the t-shirt and jeans he'd worn yesterday. The servants had apparently cleaned it while he slept. He gave me a smile that seemed to be a suppressed laugh. I chuckled at his disheveled hair before walking with him to the dining area. I'd known him for 3 maybe 4 days and I felt like I'd known him my entire life. I didn't feel uncomfortable around him like I had with Julian, Trevor or any of the other boys from the rescue squad. We walked into the hall and sat at the table, politely waiting for the others. A few minutes passed before Glenda, Oz, my mother and Eva walked in followed by Trevor, Julian, Knuck and a porcelain girl I hadn't seen before. Also a flying monkey like mother's old ones came in. Father introduced the porcelain girl as China Girl and the monkey as Finley. We ate breakfast with Father talking to China Girl, Finley and Knuck, catching up on old times. I stayed close to Evan and didn't look at Eva or Julian. Neither of them seemed to notice, or if they did they never said anything. After breakfast Father called a meeting. Nobody seemed to suspect that Eva was the one who forced the meeting. We went into the throne room and sat on either side of the throne where Father sat. He looked around the room at all of us. I stood close to Evan and tried to avoid Julian's gaze, he stopped looking at me when Father said, \"Eva, step forward.\" Eva seemed confused, but did as asked, when she was directly in front of the throne she looked at him and asked, \"Have I done something wrong, Father?\" Her voice sounded innocent, which caused my blood to boil. \"Maybe, depends on how you take this news. Evanora was heard in this palace,\" Father's voice was quite calm as Eva blanched. \"Why so frightened, Eva? It's not like we didn't hear her in your room, talking to you .\" \"F-father, I-I'd never betray y-you. You know t-that, right?\" Eva stammered. I rolled my eyes as who obvious she was making it. Father narrowed his eyes, \"I use to, but last night I heard with my own ears the sound of Evanora's voice coming from your room. She was teaching you dark magic, yes?\" Glenda gasped, \"Eva, tell me that it's not true!\" Eva just hung her head and mumbled that she wished she could. Glenda began sobbing. \"You'll need a lot more proof than your own word, Father,\" Eva smirked. \"Oh, I have Tiana's word too,\" he said without moving his lips from the disapproving frown they wore. I stepped forward as Father asked what I heard, \"Evanora was teaching Eva to control the storms. For a witch this is considered dark magic, but for a sorceress it is considered neither good or bad. Eva is a witch and she has performed dark magic, that is forbidden, she deserves a punishment.\" I could feel Eva glaring at me, but I didn't care. I stepped back by Evan. \"Before we pass judgement on you, Eva, we have another matter to discuss. Julian, step forward,\" Father said the last part slowly and deliberately. Julian stepped beside Eva, fear showed in his eyes. \"You have attempted to do something, that I will not explain in front of innocent ears, to Tiana. There are several here who will testify against you. Eva, stay where you are. How do you plead?\" \"I'm not sure, sir,\" Julian gulped. He glanced at me and I hid behind Evan. \"Theodora, Glenda, and I shall discuss both of your punishments before passing judgement. Stay where you are!\" Father decided. Mother and Glenda obediently followed Father up the stairs to a place no one would hear them. A few minutes passed before the trio walked back down the stairs and went to their original places. Father was about to speak when a light breeze flew a piece of paper in through the open window, it landed on Father's lap. He picked it up and dropped it with a gasp. I didn't see it before it flew back out the window. What was that about? Hey thanks everyone for reading, hoped you enjoyed it. I'd like to thank Zerousy and Kittyhawk09 for their reviews. Please review this. Thanks. ;D[Chapter 8] Evan POV Oz seemed shaken. What was on that note? Tiana ran to her father, but he motioned her to go back to her spot beside me. She did as she was told, but seemed reluctant. I raised my eyebrow as Oz said, \"Well, we'll have to hold off on passing judgement. Tiana, you will lead a quest!\" Tiana stiffened beside me, I could feel her staring at her father with puzzlement, but he continued, \"You will take Evan, Trevor, Julian, and Eva with you. I want you all to go to your rooms and pack, dismissed.\" Before anyone could move Tiana turned and walked out of the room. I didn't trust Julian so I went after her, someone had to protect her. She relaxed as we got closer to her chambers. \"Tiana, what does Oz mean by quest?\" I asked after a few moments of silence. We went down the hallway that led to the royal family's quarters. She shrugged, her white hair was bouncing on her shoulders, \"Only he knows what he means. I'll talk to him about it later.\" We went the rest of the way in silence, when we reached her chambers she pulled out a key and unlocked the doors to her room. She told me she would meet me outside of the castle with the others and I left. As I walked to my room, I felt a longing to talk to her more, but I ignored the feeling and entered my room. I packed some necessary supplies: a pocket knife, a lighter my father gave me for my last birthday, a compass, some extra clothes, and an empty water bottle. I slung the backpack across my shoulders and walked out to the courtyard of the castle. Tiana POV I walked down to the throne room, my father sat on the throne completely alone. I felt rude to intrude on his thoughts, but I needed to know what the quest was for. \"Father, where are we going and what are we after?\" I asked leaning against a wall. I'd seen Troy, Evan's father, take this pose many times while I was his guest. Father looked up to see me in riding clothes and boots, a knapsack on my belt, with my white hair up in a ponytail, \"As far as I know, you're to travel to where you grew up and follow a series of notes from there.\" I felt goosebumps rise on my arms and the back of my neck, \"Back to the Dark Forest.\" Father nodded and I found it hard to breath. Every fiber in my being didn't want to go back to that sunless place. I looked away as he tried to comfort me with words. \"It doesn't matter, if I need to lead a quest I'll lead it where ever it takes me,\" I said stiffly. He nodded and rose, he kissed me on the forehead. That was as much of a blessing as I was ever going to get. I gave him a quick hug and left, I had to get the quest on the move. As I exited the castle, I saw them all there. Eva was still wearing a white dress that didn't really suit her, everyone was still wearing the clothes they wore to the meeting that happened a half hour ago. I nodded to them and lead the way to the stables. Five horses waited outside, two white, two brown and one black. I guided Julian and Trevor to the browns, Eva to the black and Evan and I got the whites. We started out at a walk, nobody paid attention to us as we rode through the maze of streets in the Emerald City. When we were outside of the gates, we continued with the walk along the yellow brick road. Evan pulled up next to me, \"Where are we going?\" \"The place I grew up, the Dark Forest,\" I replied. Shivers went down my spine and I imagined the dark, joyless place. Eva laughed, \"Of course we would have to go there. The sorceress just wants us to die!\" I halted my horse and the others halted their's. My saddle swayed as I twisted to face Eva, \"I don't want to go back there, but that is what the quest calls for, so we will.\" She scowled at me as I turned around and started the horses in a trot. The saddle felt so natural to me that I pulled my horse off to the side of the road and leaned forward. I could feel the horse quiver in anticipation, when I gently nudged her, she took off like the wind. The breeze sucked away the laughter as we ran across the grassland to the turn the yellow brick road would take that lead to the dark forest. It was ridiculous how close I was to my father while growing up and I hadn't realized it. When the mare and I got close to the turn, I slowed her to a gallop, then a trot, and finally to a walk. The brick road was where we stopped and waited for the others. They came to the three roadways, the signs were so old that it was hard to tell which way was which. I whistled to them and motioned for them over to the left fork. Eva glowered at me and Evan seemed relieved. His horse trotted up to mine and he asked, \"What was that about?\" \"I've never ridden a horse and I felt so natural in the saddle that it was impossible to resist a run,\" I laughed. Evan shook his head as the others joined us. \"This isn't the way to the Dark Forest,\" Eva said with a sneer. I looked along the path and saw the road pale ahead. I sighed and ignored her, my horse seemed irritated that we could be walking again and weren't. A chuckle escaped and I nudged her along the paling yellow road. Julian POV I hadn't felt to worried when Tiana had run off, but when Eva'd said that this wasn't the way, I was nervous. I fidgeted in the saddle as we continued. It had been after noon when we left and night was falling quickly. Tiana pulled us off to the side of the road, \"We'll camp here.\" At first I was confused about where we were going to sleep when she dismounted and pulled off a roll of fabric from her saddle. She led her horse over to a tree and tied the reins around a thick branch. We followed her example and started to pitch a couple of tents. I looked at Trevor, \"Go find some firewood.\" \"NO!\" Tiana almost screamed the word. We looked at her as she said, \"We're too close the Dark Forest. Something or someone will spot the fire and will come. I'd rather like to avoid that.\" She rolled out a bedroll into her tent, but didn't enter it. \"Get some sleep, I'll take first watch,\" she said leaning against a tree. I was startled, \"What about dinner?\" She looked at me with a glare that said that was out of the question. I crawled into my tent and curled up on the bedroll. Sleep came quickly. Tiana POV There wasn't a single noise as I took my watch. Around midnight I went to wake up Evan when I heard the snap of a branch. I turned quietly and peered into the darkness. A figure loomed near the horses. Without thinking I sent a large chunk of rock at it and heard a satisfying grunt. I ran to the form and found the rock on a man's chest. A dagger was in my hand and up to the man's throat. His hands were raised in a gesture of peace. I pushed the rock off and replaced it with my knee, \"Who are you? And don't lie otherwise I'll kill you.\" \"The name's Sam, now if you'll get off me I'll tell you more,\" the man said. I raised an eyebrow, \"If you haven't noticed, I have the upper hand. Now tell me what you're doing here.\" He sighed, \"I received a note that told me to find a group led by a sorceress that was following the yellow brick road.\" I held back a gasp by biting my lip, I couldn't tell if he was lying or not, but I don't think he'd lie at knife point. And how could he know about my group. \"I'll let you get up, but don't make me regret my decision,\" I said in a low voice as I pulled the knife from his throat and stood. The knife was put back in its sheath as I walked back to the tents. Sam followed. \"You must be the sorceress,\" Sam inquired. I looked at him startled, \"How would you know that?\" Then I silently cursed myself for giving my group away. He didn't seem fazed, \"Only a sorceress would've been able to see me in the darkness while I was using a spell.\" I straightened and stared at him, but he was silent and breathing softly. Was he sleeping? I fell into a light sleep that would have me awake at the slightest of sounds. Luckily that never happened. When I woke at the break of day, Sam was by a tent nearby, sound asleep. I shook my head as I got a good look at him. He had black hair and was dressed in white robes of a spellcaster or healer. I started a small fire in the middle of the circle of tents and started to fry some dried meat that had been packed for us. Evan poked his head out of his tent at the same moment Sam woke. I silently cast a spell on him so he couldn't say anything above a whisper. He didn't notice Sam and instead whispered to me, \"Why didn't you wake me?\" I shrugged and motioned for him to keep silent. \"Did anyone find us?\" I nodded and pointed at last night's intruder, \"That's Sam. He was apparently told to find us.\" Evan raised an eyebrow, but didn't ask. He instead got out and went about waking everyone up, I cut off the spell as he began. They came out of their tents looking hungry. Sam raised an eyebrow as I passed out pieces of meat to everyone. No one seemed to notice him until I introduced them, I saw a look in Eva's eyes and I glared at her. She ignored me and flirted with Sam. He seemed flustered, but grateful when I told everyone to break camp. We pitched the tents, rolled the bedrolls, and put them on the rested horses. \"Do you have a horse, Sam?\" I asked remembering a spell in case he didn't. He nodded and ran into a bush to the left, he returned leading a gray stallion he called Shadow. We mounted and continued on the road, Sam pulled up next to me, \"Where are we going?\" \"That's none of your business,\" Evan snapped. I looked at him in shock, \"Evan, Sam was told to look for us by the same person who sent us on this quest, it's only polite to tell him.\" I turned to Sam, \"We're going to a place I grew up in.\" Evan seemed satisfied by my vague answer as we continued. Everything was silent, even as we entered the Dark Forest. My horse began to become nervous along with the others. I could feel everyone becoming fearful as we journeyed. Evan POV I couldn't believe Tiana trusted Sam, but she took the lead as our group of five became six. The yellow brick road became paler and plants grew across it. Everything seemed dead like a swamp, but with the stangant, foul-smelling air I figured it was. Tiana stopped and we all followed her example. She looked around, \"Something's not right.\" A branch snapped nearby and fell, a black feather was attached to it. \"Run!\" Tiana shouted to us. Her horse began to speed in fear and ours fell into step. I looked back as a wierd sound came drifting to us, a bunch of flying monkies were hot on our trail. They didn't seem to be as nice as Finley so I didn't bother to try to talk to them. Our horses sped across the pale yellow brick road and followed every twist and turn. They jumped over plants and other vegetation while we tried to duck the branches. My heart pounded in my chest as I heard the monkies get closer. \"Follow me,\" Tiana yelled back to us. She pulled her horse to the right and we dutifully followed. In the distance a crumbling stronghold appeared. Our horses sped as they sensed a place of sanctuary approaching. I leaned into my horse and felt the exhilaration that Tiana had felt yesterday. Nothing mattered to me anymore except my horse. I could feel its mane tickling my ear as we ran through the stronghold's gates. Tiana wheeled her horse around and pulled on the reins. I stopped my horse and looked back, the monkies wouldn't follow us to the stronghold and instead flew away in fear. Laughter escaped my lips as I felt safe for the first time since we entered the Dark Forest. Tiana clapped a hand over my mouth and I stared at her. \"We don't know if this place is inhabited or not. I'd rather not find out the hard way,\" Tiana said loud enough for the others but quiet enough that my laughters were the only things that echoed. She uncovered my mouth and stared at the ruins. \"Where are we?\" Sam asked. Tiana dismounted and began walking toward a pair of wooden doors that hung open, \"My old home.\" Her voice came out in a barely audible whisper. We dismounted and followed her. The place was huge, but strangely quiet. \"Where is everyone?\" Julian voiced my thoughts. Tiana shrugged and followed a set of stairs. They went around like a clock and we followed them for what seemed like hours. Sam followed closely behind Tiana, catching her everytime a step crumbled beneath her feet. I didn't trust him and my blood boiled everytime Tiana whispered a thank you. My mind seemed fogged and I couldn't understand why. I tried to ignore the two, but everytime I did everything seemed dull in comparison. Tiana noticed that I'd shook my head to clear it of hitting Sam in the face, \"You okay, Evan?\" I nodded and we continued up the stairs. Tiana seemed troubled by the state of the stairs, but she didn't voice anything. Eventually, we came into a circular room that had a bed and a dresser. A note sat on the bed that Tiana went to immediatly. She read it quickly and tucked it into a pocket in her riding pants and pulled a box out from under the bed. The first book she grabbed from the box was a black leather bound book, there was golden writing on it that I didn't get to read as she grabbed a couple more. Tiana then held onto a red book, she seemed puzzled by it, but stood up with her stack. \"Let's go, we got what we came for,\" she whispered. Then a roar came from somewhere in the stronghold. I heard Tiana curse silently before putting the stack into her bag. \"What was that?\" I didn't care if I'd whispered or not, my voice came out too small to be of much notice. \"Hevelm,\" Sam said quietly.[Chapter 9] Tiana POV \"What's a Hevelm?\" Julian asked. Sam looked around my old bedroom as he said, \"It's a horrible monster that uses your own nightmares and dreams against you. This way it doesn't have to worry about hunting its prey. Now the more important question: why is one here?\" I looked back under my bed and pulled out a chest, \"Mother put one here years ago as a guardian. It usually stayed in the dungeon and was satisfied by whatever was thrown down there. The thing must of broken free after I left, but at least we know where everybody is.\" \"Oh, and where would that be?\" Eva asked. She crossed her arms over her chest as I unlocked the magical chest that had been hidden under my bed. I didn't look up as I started to pass out the weapons that had been in it, \"Either in that thing's stomach or out in the forest. Whichever it is we better move fast.\" Julian gripped his sword in two hands while Trevor clutched his maces. Sam had a spear and Evan had a bow and arrows. Eva looked furious, \"Where's my weapon?\" I rolled my eyes as I placed the chest in my knapsack. Luckily it was like putting the stuff in a storage chamber. No one had time to answer as another roar came from the Hevelm. \"That one sounded a lot closer,\" Julian whimpered. I went over to him and smacked him, \"It only sounds closer because you fear it being closer. Now focus and let's get out of here.\" Sam nodded and we began the descent down the stairs. Another roar sounded, but it didn't sound like that of a Hevelm in a hunt. \"Oh no,\" I whispered. Before any of them could ask what was wrong I was running down the stairs laughing. Ian called from above, \"Have you gone insane?\" I ignored him and started to go even faster. It was easy going to the main hall where the noise was coming from. Another roar sounded and as Evan, Sam and the others came around the corner I stopped them. I whispered a spell and began to glide into the room. A Hevelm's corpse sat in the corner and on one of the tables a lion was dancing about. He stopped and blew into a horn making a sound much like that of a Hevelm. I silently came up from behind him and grabbed his arms. The lion gave a yelp of surprise and dropped the horn. He started to twist about as I pinned his arms behind his back. His mane brushed my face as he roared his defiance. I called for my friends and they came in just as dispersed with the invisiblity spell. \"Help! Scarecrow! Tin Man! Help me, I'm going to die,\" the lion cried. I raised an eyebrow, but heard the clink of metal and the rustle of straw. As I turned around I brought the lion with me. \"We're not going to hurt anyone, calm down,\" I yelled at the lion's companions. Sam then fell back laughing as the lion stopped struggling. I looked at Sam as he asked, \"Let me guess: your name is Lion.\" The lion's ear flicked in annoyance as he looked at his companions. He leaned forward and I released his arms. The lion cried out as he fell onto the floor with a soft thump . An actual scarecrow walked over to the lion and helped him up while a tin man watched us. \"Cowardly Lion, why were you making that awful noise?\" the scarecrow asked. Cowardly Lion looked down, \"I was just having fun, Scarecrow.\" Scarecrow began to chide the lion as they walked back to their friend. Only the tin man seemed to notice us. I looked at my friends and shrugged we began to walk away when the tin man said, \"Halt! Why are you here?\" I turned toward the tin man and smiled sweetly, \"That's none of your business.\" Then I led the others out of the crumbling stronghold. Evan POV I was glad that we didn't have to fight that thing in the corner. But the names Scarecrow, Tin Man, and Cowardly Lion sounded familiar. It was strange having seen a Hevelm and being grateful it was dead. The thing was quite majestic in a cruel way. \"Looks like Dorothy Gale from Kanas wasn't crazy after all,\" Julian nudged Trevor. They both chuckled as we entered the courtyard. The horses weren't there, except Sam's. Tiana looked around, \"That lion must have scared away our mounts with his rucus.\" Sam nodded and went over to his horse, what was its name again? As I was about to start walking Tiana's hands began to glow with a silver fire. She started to chant something and the ground began to rise. Skeletal horses came out as the dirt fell off of their bones and fire began to take shapes of manes and tails. \"Necromancy,\" Eva spat. I was startled as fur began to cover the bones and saddles covered their backs. The first skeleton horse shook its head and made the fiery mane lick the air above it and around. \"How dare you use the black arts?\" Eva screamed at Tiana as she went up and patted the lead horse's nose. \"There is no black art for sorcery, everything is open for me,\" She said as she turned toward Eva. \"This is the only way we'll be able to travel now that our horses are gone and we'll make better time.\" Eva glared at Tiana, \"No way am I going to ride one of those things.\" Tiana smiled, \"Oh, then I guess I'll have to leave you here where another Hevelm waits.\" Eva ran for one of the horses and mounted. Her eyes were wide with fear as she glanced between the stronghold and her mount. Tiana mounted and motioned for us to do the same. As soon as we mounted our skeletal horses rode out the gates and into the Dark Forest. We went a bit slower than our mounts liked so Sam's horse could keep up with us. As we came closer and closer to being out of the Dark Forest Shadow sped up so we could go faster. I looked at Tiana and noticed she was riding bareback with her hands gripping the fiery mane of her horse. My heart pounded as I realized the fire didn't hurt Tiana's hands. Eventually, we stopped and dismounted our horses. The process reversed itself as the horses sank back into the ground. Tiana pulled out the chest which had held our weapons and pulled out tents. \"How does it do that?\" I asked. Tiana looked up, \"My mother gave it to me as a birthday present. She said if I ever needed anything the chest would provide it. So far that's proven true.\" She placed her chest back in her knapsack, which could only be magical, and began setting up the tents. Julian looked at Tiana, \"What are we going to eat? The horses had our food on their saddles.\" Tiana looked up and smiled. \"I packed more food in this knapsack, hang on.\" Tiana placed the bag down and began to pull a box from inside of it. She pried it open and passed out some bread, cheese and water to everyone. We ate in silence and I volunteered for first watch tonight. Tiana didn't argue and crawled into her tent, \"Wake me around midnight.\" I nodded and set my back to the tree that Shadow was tied to. The watch was empty and when I woke up Tiana I went to sleep. In my dream I saw fire coming straight at me, I rolled out of the way and it followed me. A girl in black was controlling it with a girl in purple next to her. I pulled out a sword and charged at the duo. Nothing would let me stop and I kept charging. Fear showed in their eyes as I thrust my sword toward the girl in purple's heart. I slashed through mist and behind me I saw the girl and she sent a ball of water at me. It sent me crashing to the floor where it turned to ice and froze me in place. The girl in black then set a fireball at my head. I woke up in a sweat as Tiana poked her head through saying breakfast was ready. She frowned, \"Are you all right?\" I nodded and she left me to get dressed with clothes she'd brought me from her chest of wonders. Outside Eva, Julian, Trevor and Sam waited with Tiana in different clothes, Julian wore a brown shirt and leggings along with Julian making them look old-fashioned while Eva wore riding boots, a white shirt, which I found out later is called a tunic, and black leggings. Sam and Tiana wore what they'd worn the other day. We dined on some meat, water and cheese. What was with all the cheese? Then we began to walk with Sam leading Shadow. \"Why don't you just summon those horses again?\" Julian asked. \"Because we're nearing the end of the forest and they wouldn't be able to take the sunlight. Also, we'll all get sore from riding horse back for three days straight if I did,\" Tiana replied without stopping. Sam looked at her, \"Not to mention it'll weaken you even more.\" Tiana didn't stop, but sped up. I walked up to Sam, \"What do you mean?\" \"When someone casts a spell, it uses some of their energy. If they don't rest enough they'll eventually be weakened with exhaustion,\" Sam explained. I looked at Tiana's white hair in the ponytail, why didn't she say something about it? I looked at Sam, \"Doesn't the same apply to Eva?\" He shook his head and said it only affects sorcerers. We walked on in silence. Tiana shouted out how close we were getting to being out of the forest. When she announced that she could see the exit my heart raced waiting for the sunlight. \"Wait,\" I shouted up to her. Tiana turned around as I asked, \"Where are we going?\" She pulled out the note, \"We're looking for someone in a town nearby.\" I raised an eyebrow, but she turned and started to jog down the path toward the exit. The sun looked heavenly as we ran out of the Dark Forest and into a meadow. It made no sense that something so beautiful was next to something so ugly. Tiana didn't join in our enthusiasm about the sun, but walked on. She moved toward a place where vultures circled overhead. Our original mounts lay dead with slashes along their flanks. Tiana dug graves for them, thanked them for their service and apologized for their fates. She then collapsed to her knees after the horses were buried. Sam POV Evan called me and I walked over to him with Shadow's reins tight in my hands. He kneeled next to Tiana. Her body was racked with tears and her pale skin was paler from exhaustion. Evan and I made a silent agreement before lifting Tiana onto Shadow's saddle and walking back to the main road where the others waited. Eva's face became flushed with anger when she saw Tiana on Shadow. She began to complain until Tiana silenced her. We began to walk down the road when Tiana fell asleep with her arms wrapped around Shadow's neck, tears still streamed down her face for some reason I didn't know. I let her sleep until we came upon a fork road, \"Which way?\" Tiana opened an eye and pointed to the right before sleep overcame her again. We followed her directions until we came upon a human town. She woke up as we entered, her skin was back to its normal color as she dismounted and led us through the town. We passed a temple of Mav, the god of healing and light, and quite a few inns. Tiana led us to a stable and left Shadow there before entering an inn called Dragon's Way. Before Tiana could ask for a few rooms there a boom came from nearby. We looked to a wall that had just been blown apart. A woman in black stood there with fireballs in her hands.[Chapter 10] Thanks to Zerousy for the review. :D Evan POV Seeing the woman who'd been in my dreams last night was quite startling. But I think the people of the village were more startled then I was. They ran out of the inn screaming something about a pyro. I can see why that's a nickname for her. Tiana had us stay where we were as the woman walked toward the only sensible person left in the inn, the innkeeper. The fireballs disappeared as she took a seat and I began hoping that she wouldn't see us. \"Really, Rain? You have to scare away all of my customers and blow a hole in my wall?\" the innkeeper asked the lady. She did something between a laugh and a chuckle and smiled at him. I shuddered as my dream came back in all too perfect clarity. \"It keeps your customers on their toes, Maverick. Besides, I always give you enough money to fix the walls,\" Rain said. The innkeeper shook his head and turned to Tiana, \"What can I get you?\" Tiana asked for a few rooms and a meal for each of us. He nodded and set about fixing a meal saying that we'd want to eat before going to our room. \"Hey, why weren't you afraid of me?\" Rain asked us. Tiana laughed and raised a hand that suddenly surronded by flames. I looked at Sam as my heart raced, he was looking at the fireball in amazement with his mouth open. He wasn't much help. Rain smiled as the Maverick came in with our meal of bread, stew and chunks of salted meat. Tiana nodded her gratitude and handed the old innkeeper a few pieces of gold after the fire disappeared. Or at least I think it was gold. He smiled at her and guided us to a table in the back. We ate quickly while Tiana went and was chatting with Rain. The girl in black had a few facial expressions that I don't think showed very often. Then both of them came over to us. Tiana sat next to me as Julian scooted over to make room for Rain, \"Well, we'll stay here until the next clue shows up. But I'd like you all to meet the newest member of our group, Rain.\" Rain smiled as Tiana began introducing each of us. Rain looked at me, \"You seem frightened, why?\" Her voice seemed to bear a warmth in it that wasn't what it seemed. \"I thought I saw you in a dream, that's all,\" I muttered. Tiana looked at me with narrowed eyes, \"What dream?\" I explained what I'd seen and her eyes widened in amazement. She muttered something under her breath before looking at me, \"Next time you have a dream like that, tell me! Understood?\" I nodded as the innkeeper came over to guide us to our rooms. Tiana and Eva shared a room, Julian and Trevor shared a room, and Sam and I shared a room. Tiana said that she was going to be the look out next time we were in a village. Then she ordered us to get some rest and that she would take first watch. \"No,\" Sam said firmly. Tiana looked at him with narrowed eyes. \"You need your strength, Tiana, let someone else be look out for tonight.\" She looked like she was about to protest, but looks from both Sam and I stopped any arguements. For the moment. Tiana POV It didn't matter that both Evan and Sam had told me to rest, sleep alluded me. I was laying in my bed looking up at the ceiling and listening to Eva's snoring. Having her as a room mate didn't make it easier. Neither did knowing that Evan had seen Rain in a dream. Evan shouldn't have kept secrets like that. Since sleep wouldn't come I got up silently. I walked down the stairs into the taproom of the inn and cast a magical light. I pulled the red book out of my bag and began reading it. It told of a child of light, a child of dark and a prince of darkness. There was a handwritten note saying that the ruler of Oz had a copy of the story in the Emerald Palace. After the story there was a glossary of different types of spellcasting. I scanned through them before hitting a term called dreamsight; the ability to see people who you will meet in the future in different scenarios that you might be in, in the future. The ability of dreamsight was usually found in warrior mages. I leaned back in my seat and pondered this. Could Evan be a warrior mage? If he could use dreamsight it might be possible. One look out the window told me it was almost dawn. I put the book back in my bag and silently went back up to my room after dispelling the magical light. When I came back in Sam was waiting, \"What were you doing?\" I silently cursed, \"Does it matter? I couldn't get any sleep that's all.\" Sam raised an eyebrow and narrowed his eyes. \"Can we just forget the matter? We'll be leaving town as soon as the next note comes in.\" I walked toward my bed and began pulling out a change of clothes from my bag. When I looked up Sam was gone. As quickly as possible I changed and began distributing the clothes to everyone. A bag of holding and a chest of need was quite handy. When I went downstairs Sam and the innkeeper were setting up a table for breakfast. I tried to ignore the fact that Sam was probably trying to figure out what I was up to last night and offered to help them. The innkeeper chuckled as Sam denied my request, I shrugged and sat down in the chair I'd used last night. As the others joined us Evan came up to me, \"Want to tell me why you left your room in the middle of the night?\" I looked up at him, \"Were you spying on me?\" \"NO! Sam told me,\" Evan crossed his arms in front of his chest. I glanced at Sam, \"Can't drop matter, can you?\" He didn't look at me as I shifted my gaze back to Evan. \"I just couldn't get any sleep, okay? Why do you guys have to make a big deal out of it?\" Evan glared at me, \"We just don't want you to get hurt. Besides, we should be able to trust our leader.\" I stood up and returned his glare, \"I can take care of myself.\" I pushed past him and left the Dragon's Way. What could I tell him? That he was possibly a warrior mage? That I knew he had an ability called dreamsight? Evan wouldn't believe me, even if I pulled the book out of my bag. That's the problem with being in a place full of magic and yet having grown up in a place sorely lacking in it. I walked in the town for a bit before stopping at a stables, I wouldn't have stopped had I not almost tripped on something. A large stone had rolled to my feet, probably kicked by someone. When I began walking it rolled beside me. I stared at the rock and looked around, nobody was near. The stone started to roll around my feet happily. Bending over, I picked it up and was surrprised at how light it was. Mud covered the stone and smaller rocks were imbeded in it's crust. After a moment of consideration, I gently placed the stone in my bag of holding and began walking toward the inn. Evan still looked angry with me, but didn't press the issue as I sat down and began eating a little bit of bread and cheese. Soon after a wind blew in a piece of parchment in, I caught the scrap and read: Your next target is in the town called Barloveer. Look for the woman of mist. A second wind blew it out of my hand and out a window. I walked over to the innkeeper, who was talking to Rain, \"We must be leaving soon.\" I payed him and asked Rain to meet us by the stables in a few minutes. The others had apparently overheard because they got up from the table and began going to their rooms. As they gathered their clothes I walked out into town and bought a few horses. When I returned they were all gathered outside of the stables with Shadow and Rain's blonde stallion Flame. We mounted the 2 brown and white stallions, 1 brown mare with white socks, 1 black and white stallion and 1 grey dappled mare. The boys mounted the stallions while Eva and I mounted the mares. Then we rode through the streets and out into the wilderness, following directions the man who used to own the horses gave me. Julian POV Tiana and Evan had an arguement, that could work to my advantage. As we continued along the yellow brick road, I began thinking about how to approach Tiana about the subject. Nothing came to mind. Around noon, she called for a halt. We dismounted, tied our horses to sturdy branches, and got a fire ready to cook a meal. Tiana walked away from us saying she would see what berries there were. Evan, of course, went after her. Eva began flirting with Sam again, who told her to leave him alone so he could get lunch ready. All of this could work to my advantage. Eva being spurned away by Sam and Tiana having an arguement with Evan, very useful. Evan POV \"Tiana, wait,\" I called to her as she began navigating through the brambles and branches that blocked the way to the riverbed. \"What?\" she growled as she continued to move toward the river. \"Will you just stop and listen?\" I asked as I reached a hand out to grab her shoulder. She turned toward me and placed her hands on her hips, \"Fine!\" I took a breath, \"I know that you can take care of yourself, but you can't keep secrets from the people who trust you.\" \"Oh, you mean like you did?\" Tiana began to turn back around. \"No, look I didn't think anything of the dream. Until I saw Rain, I thought it was just another dream, nothing to make a big deal of.\" \"Oh, so if I don't make a big deal out of something, I can't keep it a secret, but you can when you don't make a big deal out of something.\" She began to walk toward the river again. \"Look, it isn't a big deal, so just drop the matter and head back to camp. I'll be there in a few minutes and maybe I'll explain.\" I moved in front of her, \"I'm not going back to camp until this is solved. So, explain.\" She ignored me and moved around to get to the river. \"Tiana, just tell me.\" She froze, \"I don't know how to. Besides, you wouldn't believe me.\" Tiana looked over her shoulder at me, \"I'm not going to explain just to be laughed at.\" \"Tiana, I wouldn't laugh at you,\" I sighed and moved in front of her again, \"You can trust me.\" I stared into her blue eyes as she bit her lip. \"Can you give me a little to figure it out because I don't know enough yet,\" she whispered. I nodded and started back to camp, leaving her to gather whatever she needed. A few minutes after I returned to camp, Tiana arrived. She clutched a small bag in one hand and held something that was wrapped up in the other. The small bag was tossed to Sam to use for lunch. She went and sat down on a log staring at the wrapped thing in awe. I went over and sat next to her, trying to get her to explain what was going on. Tiana looked up at me, \"Remember the night of the feast when I'd asked you what your eye color was?\" I was puzzled, but nodded, \"You asked if I had brown eyes.\" She placed the wrapped item in her magic bag gently and pulled out the red book that she'd gotten from the stronghold, \"This book has a glossary of magical abilities. One of these abilities is called true sight, it allows a person to see what others are truely like. The differences are as simple as different eye color. I have this ability and that's why your eyes were brown to me, but hazel to everyone else.\" Sam looked at us, \"Why are you bringing this book up now? Why not earlier?\" \"Because I hadn't read it earlier. I read it last night and that's why I was up 'til dawn. Now let me finish explaining. Evan,\" she looked at me and bit her lip. \"You might be a warrior mage.\" Julian burst out laughing, \" Him , a mage ? A warrior no less?\" He fell off his log as Eva and Trevor joined in his laughing. Tiana gave Julian a glare, \"Let me explain.\" The area fell silent as she turned back to me. \"This book talks about an ability called dreamsight that's most commonly found in warrior mages.\" She then explained what dreamsight was. \"Now to prove my theory, we'd need to find the other woman from your dream and I believe we're going to meet her.\" She didn't explain why, but after lunch she had us mount our horses and began the journey again. As we rode my mind wandered back to the wrapped object she'd had. What was that? Sorry I'm so late in updating this. I kept getting interruptions every five seconds. Please review.[Chapter 11] Tiana POV As I rode on the grey dappled mare, I pondered the stone that I'd found earlier. After Evan had left me I'd cleaned it off and found a smooth, pure white stone buried under the mud. It was rather large, but light none the less. The stone seemed so delicate and fragile that it was impossible to believe that it was as hard as a diamond. But after a few minutes of observing it, I thought I saw eyes gaze out at me. Was that even possible? Julian rode up next to me and whispered, \"You're right, you know. Staying up and reading isn't that big of a deal.\" He looked like he wanted to say more, but I scowled at him, remembering what Evan had told me about the way people looked at me. I hissed, \"I don't need advice from you on what's right or wrong and now I know it was wrong for me to hide that information. Now leave my sight before I decide to make you walk to Barloveer.\" He dropped back toward Eva and started to whisper to her. Before I could eavesdrop on them, I turned my attention back to the road ahead. The air began to become cooler as we rode further north. It was strange, this quest. What were we supposed to do in the end? What did the story of the child of light, the child of dark and the prince of darkness have to do with this? \"Where are we going, wise leader?\" Eva called to me from her spot next to Julian. I gritted my teeth as I replied, \"You already know.\" How long could I hold it in me? All my doubt, confusion and fear, how long until it overwhelmed me? Did they know I was just as clueless as they were? I hoped not because I'm supposed to be the leader and a leader knows exactly what will happen, right? At least thats what happened in all the books I read in my mother's stronghold. Since I don't know what will happen, I must not be the right leader for the job. Evan POV After talking to Eva, Tiana hadn't said a word. She just guided us and everyone once in awhile she seemed to shake her head as if she was talking to herself. Nobody else seemed to notice, except maybe Eva who wore a smug smile that grew larger every minute. What was she thinking about? Then I looked back at Tiana and her shoulders sank a little. I wanted to go and comfort her, but something told me that I should let her deal with it herself. To keep myself from going against instinct, I pulled back to Sam and started a conversation about magic. Eva POV Oh, these people were fools. When Tiana had left to get the horses, I hooked up with my Auntie Evanora and we set up a little surprise for the others. I just needed Tiana to go into a deep enough train of thought and then I could suggest a way to go for the horse. Animals were so easy to manipulate. Come on, how long does it take to become oblivious to everything around you? Wait. There. There she goes, now's the time to strike. Julian POV Tiana took the left fork which made Sam frown. I looked at Eva and saw her smile smugly. Did she have something to do with this? I pulled up next to her and whispered, \"What's made you so happy?\" She gave a trusting look and asked, \"Can you keep a secret.\" When her answer recieved a nod from me she smiled, \"If you don't tell anyone about this, we'll both make it out of what's ahead alive.\" Then she began explaining. Sam POV Eva's horse staggered a little behind me and Tiana turned around calling a company halt. Her half-sister dismounted and began looking at the horses legs, \"She's bleeding a little, but Julian and I can get it wrapped in no time. Why don't you guys go on ahead? We'll catch up.\" Tiana frowned and was about to dismount when Eva called, \"Really, we don't need to waste time anymore than we already have! You guys can go on ahead, Julian and I can catch up when we're done.\" Theodora's daughter nodded and began to have us move again. Something told me that this wasn't right, but I ignored it like a fool. We rode a bit further and were entering a meadow when a voice whispered in my mind, Duck! I obeyed and looked as an arrow buried itself in a nearby tree. \"We're under attack,\" I shouted drawing my spear from my back and turned it into a cavalry blade. Shadow and I turned to look behind us and saw archers appear from the trees and bushes. Tiana faced in front of her where a few swordsmen began running toward us. Evan and Trevor took the sides, we were boxed in. \"Lady Vanis, guide me,\" I prayed silently as I charged toward the archers. My Lady must have heard my prayer for my blade was finding its mark before the archers could release their nocked arrows. Blood began pounding in my ears as I slashed through the enemy trying to ignore the arrows that found their marks as well. Each time one enemy fell two more took their place like a hydra. One man drew a rapier and began charging at me from the left while another charged in from the right. Shadow reared and bolted forward causing the two men to hit each other, but also sending us into the enemy. I was knocked off my horse and he ran through the enemy that was no longer concerned with him. They pinned me to the ground as I tried to escape to work a spell, but more just piled on. It was getting harder to breath until the weight began clearing and I saw Rain come out of no where hurling fireballs left and right like it was going out of style. What remained of the archers ran into the woods screaming in fear. \"Up on your feet, priest. We have more foes to defeat,\" Rain offered me a hand as I was trying to catch my breath. \"My thanks, friend,\" I said between gasps. \"Lady Vanis showed favor on me when you arrived.\" Rain frowned and took off to join the fight. I ran to catch up to her, \"And where were you when this started?\" She laughed, \"Getting help.\" Rain pointed to a girl in purple that was hitting the foe with balls of water that formed into ice. \"Holy Vanis! Evan really does have dreamsight,\" I exclaimed. Rain laughed again as she split from me and joined the girl in purple in the fight. As soon as I joined the fight again a voice called, \"Hold or the daughter of Oz dies.\" Everyone spun to see a man holding a dagger to Eva's throat. \"Drop your weapons.\" The dagger nicked Eva's throat causing a little bit of blood to trickle down her neck. We looked to Tiana as she bit her lip. She looked to Eva again and sighed. Our leader threw down her daggers. Evan tossed down his bow and arrows and Trevor threw his maces down onto a man's leg. The man whimpered in pain as he backed away. I sighed and threw down the sword as it turned back into a spear. Then the man holding Eva nodded his head and some of his men tackled us as he said, \"Thank Eva here for your capture.\" Tiana began screaming in rage and cursing as everything went dark.[Chapter 12] Hello to all readers of this note! I'm wondering if you guys would like me to continue with this story or not. Please review so I know, thanks! :D[Chapter 13] Hey guys sorry this took so long my Internet was down and at the moment I'm using my tablet so updates may take a while. Anyways I hope you enjoy this chapter. :) Tiana POV I opened my eyes and found myself in what appeared to be my room back in the Emerald City. Had I dreamed it all? I went over to my mirror and looked at my clothes. My riding clothes were still on, but a bit dirty from the road. The only thing missing was my knapsack and my companions. With that thought I immediately began looking around for them. My teeth ground together as I thought about Eva's betrayal and I moved to the door. I reached to grab the knob and my hand passed through it. A gasp escaped me as I stared down at my hand. My fingers lightly touched the door and I felt the cold metal under them. Okay so I'm not dreaming at the moment. I tried grabbing the knob again only to have my hand pass through it again. My mind whirled through the possibilities of why my hand passed through the door knob. It could be an enchantment that keeps me from leaving. There's a possibility that it's not really the door knob. Everything clicked into place with the last possibility. The entire room was an illusion. It seemed to fit, especially when I remembered that my door in the Emerald City was wooden. As if the room realized that the game was up, the golden walls disappeared and were replaced by gray stone walls. The furnished bed became a simple cot, the dresser disappeared altogether, and the fabulous mirror became dirty and grimey. I sighed hoping that I'd been wrong about it being an illusion. I moved around the small cell, there were bars on three walls that allowed me to see into the cells to my left and right and into the hallway outside. The hallway stretched past my line of sight in both directions. I pressed my head to the bars and called softly, \"Evan. Evan, are you there?\" A chuckle came instead of Evan's reply, \"It depends on what he is, sweetheart.\" I turned toward the voice. A boy came out of the shadows in one of the other cells. He was a bit older than me, but was quite handsome. His blonde hair reminded me of Julian while his hazel eyes reminded me of Evan. I walked over to him, \"What do you mean?\" \"Isn't it obvious?\" He asked with a chuckle. My eyes narrowed and he raised his hands, \"If your friend can use magic he'd be in this area of the dungeons. But if not he'd be in the upper dungeon.\" \"What if we're not sure if he can use magic or not?\" I crossed my arms over my chest. The boy shrugged, \"He'd be assumed as unable to use magic.\" I sighed, \"There goes my hope of talking to him.\" I walked back toward the hallway. \"Do you think a priest would be put down here?\" \"No, there's a seperate dungeon for them,\" he leaned up against the wall. \"How do you know so much about this place?\" I asked. The boy remained quiet so I looked over at him. \"OK, so what's your name?\" \" Derek,\" he muttered. I smiled at him and introduced myself. Further down the hall a door opened and a man came walking toward us. He stopped at Derek's cell and unlocked the door. Derek backed up and began searching for an escape. I couldn't blame him, the guy was tall and muscular. As soon as Derek was against the wall the man picked him up and tossed the boy over his shoulder like a sack of potatoes. \"No!\" I screamed. A ball of lightning appeared in my hand suddenly and disappeared just as quickly. The pair left and the door closed. Leaving me alone to slump against the wall. Derek POV I was taken into the throne room expecting to look up and see my father sitting on the throne, instead I saw Evanora sitting comfortably on his throne. A girl with dark brown hair and green eyes stood nearby, she spoke quietly to Evanora and curtsied before leaving. \"You're plan failed, Derek,\" she stated as she leaned forward. \"Do you have anything you'd like to say?\" I gave her a crooked smile, \"Yeah, I don't know what you're talking about!\" She held out her hand, \"Perhaps these will jog your memory.\" Tiny scraps of paper floated free and landed in front of me. The most recent one read Your next target is in the town called Barloveer. Look for the woman of mist. My eyes widened as I realized these were my notes. \" How long will you defy my reign?\" Evanora asked calmly. Our eyes met, \"I will defy your tyranny for as long as I draw breath.\" She shouted at thug who dragged me in here, \"Bring our other guest here and don't forget to use the manacles!\" The thug nodded and left. We sat in silence and waited for which ever prisoner the thug was supposed to bring. The silence was broken by a familiar voice yelling. Tiana was slung over the thug's shoulder. She kicked him several times in the ribs without the guy wincing once. He casually tossed her to the ground causing her to land on her rump. \"Well, Derek, met the person who received your notes,\" Evanora waved her hand toward Tiana. \"And the person who will bring ruin to Oz.\" Eva POV I walked down to the dungeon where Aunt Evanora held most of our group. It was time I showed Evan that I'm better than Tiana and that I'm a much better match for him than her. If he can't see that then there are other ways for me to make him. He was still asleep when I got to his cell and I'd made sure that the others were further down the hall so we could be alone. I entered his cell and locked the door behind me. Evan's hair was a bit disheveled which made him look all the more handsome. My hair formed a curtain as I bent over his face and gently brushed my lips against his. \"Tiana?\" He asked in his sleep. I scowled and pressed my lips against his again. Evan woke up and pushed me back. His eyes widened and he stared at me in shock. I gave him an amused smile, \"You act like you aren't happy to see me.\" He stood up, \"Where's everybody else? Where are we?\" I stood and began moving toward him causing him to back up. \"It's just you and me, so who cares where we are.\" He'd backed into the bars giving me the opportunity to wrap my arms around his neck and go in for another kiss. His hands gripped my arms and disentangled himself from my embrace. \"Eva, stop! I don't love you!\" Evan shouted causing me to stop in my tracks. My anger rose, \"Don't tell me that it's Tiana you love.\" He tried to form words, but I was in front of him, \"Well, you're mine!\" I pressed something into his chest. Evan gasped and staggered back. A small disc was imbedded into his torso above his heart. I moved up to him and wrapped my arms around his neck again. His arms shook as they wrapped themselves around my waist and pulled me closer. My head tilted back as our lips met and I melted in his arms. We could have kissed forever if I hadn't broken it off. \"That's enough for the moment, my beloved,\" I managed between gasps for air. Our foreheads touched and I brought my hand up to his cheek. His arms released me suddenly and Evan shoved me away. I scowled as he turned away from me and cried into his hands. Without looking back I left the cell and locked the door. One day he'd see and until then I had Julian. Evan POV As Eva left I tried to get the small disc out. I realized that I truly did love Tiana and I felt as if I'd betrayed her in that single involuntary kiss. The disc didn't budge and hurt the more I tried to pry it out. I ended up sinking to the ground and cried as I realized that I was in Eva's control until the disc was removed. Being alone in the dungeon didn't help either. I began to wonder when Eva would be back and shuddered when I thought about what she might have me do next. Theodora POV They had been gone for a week and a half and I constantly worried. Rain was pouring outside when I couldn't stand not knowing where Tiana was. I ran to the scrying crystal in the throne room. Oz sat on the throne and seemed startled as I ran by. \"Theodora, what's going on?\" He asked as he followed me to the crystal. \"I have to know where she is, Oz. I can't stand it anymore!\" I shouted as I placed my hands on the crystal. Tiana came into view quickly. She lay on her back with silver chains on her wrists. A boy sat nearby with pieces of paper in front of him and Evanora sat on a throne. Oz saw as well, \"Where's Eva?\" I pictured her and found her kissing Julian in a grand room. Julian pulled away from her lips and began kissing Eva's jaw and moved down her neck before stopping. \" I have to leave now, Eva.\" He whispered, but we heard him clearly. She gave him a disappointed look, but brightened as he whispered, \"But I'll be back later.\" He kissed her again before leaving. Eva sat down on a nearby chair and smiled, \"I'll have to remember that the next time I visit Evan.\" Oz reddened as he grunted, \"Follow Julian.\" I happily obliged and we found him walking down a set of stairs and entering a simple door. It led him into a hallway that eventually led into the throne room. He waited outside for a while, then Evanora called him in.[Chapter 14] Rain POV I looked up at the castle where Tiana and the others were taken. My friend Winter and I escaped being captured by Evanora's foot soldiers by hiding in the trees. Most of the journey to Barloveer I had scouted ahead on Flame, but when I found Tiana had taken a wrong turn I ran to Barloveer and grabbed Winter to help. The news that Eva had betrayed us was a complete shock to me, but then again I hardly knew her. Winter came walking down the road from doing a recon inside. She was definitely troubled by something. \"What is it?\" I asked as she joined me. \"Your friends are going to be put in the arena,\" she replied. I sighed before she continued, \"Rain, they're going against an Evan.\" Tiana POV Evanora's thug grabbed my hair and dragged me in front of the throne before releasing me. My aunt snapped her fingers and Julian came out of a side passage with my knapsack. It was tossed in front of me and Evanora hissed, \"Open it.\" \"Why don't you?\" I asked. She leaned back, \"Whenever anybody tries using it, it becomes a regular knapsack. So open it.\" I glanced at my bag, \"What do you want from it?\" Derek looked at me in shock. \"That's none of your business,\" Evanora said with a smile. The room was silent as I continued to stare at my knapsack. \"No,\" I stated. It was Evanora's turn to look at me in shock and Derek gave a sigh of relief. She stood and roughly grabbed my arm pulling me along with her. I was dragged to a balcony that overlooked a giant arena. The stands were filled with people who waited in excitement. Julian came behind me and held me firmly as Evanora once again asked me to open my knapsack. I shook my head bringing an ugly scowl to her pretty face. She snapped her fingers and Derek, Sam, and Trevor appeared in the arena. \"My people,\" Evanora began, \"I give you the fight you've been waiting for. She snapped her fingers again and a figure appeared on the other side. \"Evan!\" I screamed as I recognized him. He ignored me and pulled a sword out of a rack that materialized out of thin air. Then he charged at our friends. Sam barely pulled Trevor out of the way in time. Julian's voice tickled my ear, \"You can stop this, Tiana, just open your knapsack.\" I shuddered as I was reminded of how close I was to him. \"Fine,\" I whispered. Evanora apparently heard because she handed me my knapsack and Julian released me. \"Idiots,\" I muttered as I ran and launched myself over the edge. Evan POV I watched as Tiana fell, but I couldn't do anything to help her. The boy with blonde hair saw her though. He grabbed a ring that appeared with a weapon rack, launched himself into the air and caught Tiana, landing lightly. Instead of trying to make sure she was ok I charged. My sword was held high and I was prepared to stab the white-haired girl. Then an explosion came from the side. I stopped my charge giving Tiana and the boy time to join Trevor and Sam. Rain and the girl in purple stood in the hole. Fear clutched at my heart as I positioned myself to charge. A fireball came at me and I dodged. My dream came alive as it followed me and I charged at the girl in purple. I knew she would turn into mist, but that didn't change what happened. My sword plunged into the mist illusion and I was hit in the back by freezing water that turned into ice when I hit the ground. Another fireball appeared in Rain's hand and I closed my eyes waiting for the inevitable end. \"Wait!\" Tiana's familiar voice shouted. No! Tiana you idiot! I shouted mentally. I opened one of my eyes from where I laid on my stomach in the dirt. She ran over to us with silver manacles on her wrists. Sam, Trevor, and the boy followed closely behind. My hand tightened on the sword and I began to struggle against my icy prison. The girl in purple added more ice to it making it impossible to break using brute force. I could hear the crowd booing Tiana, but she didn't care. Her hand touched my shoulder and I froze. She looked at Rain, \"I'm not leaving without him.\" Rain stared at her, I opened my mouth to protest, but couldn't form the words. She nodded at her friend and the ice lifted me up. Before she could get the ice underneath me I pulled myself loose. Everyone backed away from me, except Tiana. \"Evan, please,\" she whispered, \"don't do this. You can fight her control over you.\" Tears filled my eyes as I plunged my sword into her chest . Derek POV I couldn't believe my eyes as the boy named Evan held that sword in her. The priest of Vanis was the first one to react. He ran forward and caught Tiana as she fell backwards. Her white shirt was quickly becoming red as her blood blossomed out. He lowered her to the ground while murmuring a prayer. The girl in purple froze Evan in place. Surprisingly, he released his sword and let tears run freely down his face. I knelt down by the priest and looked up at Evan. The small disc on his chest caught my eye and I understood. \"We can't stay here,\" I said. The priest nodded and scooped Tiana up in his arms. I looked at the girl in black, \"Bring him.\" She looked at me in shock, \"What? After what he did to Tiana?\" I nodded and she scowled at me, but her friend did as asked and we ran out the hole they created. Theodora POV Oz and I were shocked at what happened in that arena. Neither of us could believe Evan killed Tiana either. I tried to hold back my tears, but Oz did no such thing. He wept openly, his cries echoed around the throne room. Glenda, China Girl, Finley, and Knuck came in and none could find any words when they found out what happened. \"Follow them,\" Oz choked out. I nodded and turned back to the crystal. The picture formed slowly. Hey guys, I hope you enjoyed the chapter and thanks for all the reviews that kept me going, since I forgot to mention them earlier. So please review and thanks. :-D ","Summary":" Theodora looked up. Her green skin and hooked nose made her the witch that most people are afraid o"},{"Movie":"Oz the Great and Powerful","Title":"Miranda: Child of the Land of Oz","Author":"littlegirlwarrior","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9092903","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey y'all! Welcome to my first Oz fanfiction. I'm gonna write the first chapter and if I get enough good feedback, I'll continue the story. I just saw Oz the Great and Powerful last night (I still can't believe what happened to Theodora) and I was inspired. Each one of the main characters from the movie will appear or at least be mentioned in here. Also, there are two points I have to make: 1. The Oz year is pretty much modern time (at least by the time my OC is a teenager), not 1905, because Oz is a magical world, and Oz ages but he lives much much longer than normal mortals because the same magic that keeps Glinda alive and young applies to him because they love each other so much (sounds totally cheesy and cliche but a girl's gotta do what a girl's gotta do). 2. Dorothy Gale never appeared and saved the land of Oz from the Wicked Witch of the West (pretty much disregard the original Wizard of Oz movie). Disclaimer: I don't own the land of Oz, the Wizard of Oz, or any characters in Oz except my OC(s). That first kiss with Glinda opened doors for Oz. After about a year of a formal relationship, Oz proposed to his beautiful good witch. The two of them married with only those who knew of Oz's being alive attending the ceremony: Knuk the Emerald City page, the little china girl who was given the name Dolly, Finley the flying monkey, and the head tinker. The rest of the people of Oz thought their mighty wizard to be only an ephereal face of smoke, a cover that was kept to prevent the two Wicked Witches, Glinda's sisters, Theodora and Evanora, from returning. Everywhere, people thought of Glinda as the Queen of Oz, but did not fully comprehend the extent of her and the King's love. After several months of bliss, Glinda discovered that she was pregnant. At first, Oz was terrified at the thought of being a father. He wasn't even a real wizard. In reality, he was a conman magician from Kansas who had tricked the entire population into believing he had magical powers. But Glinda reminded her husband that he was not the same man he was when he first arrived in Oz. Oz had learned the power of goodness, a quality that the former king, Glinda's father who was murdered by Evanora, possessed. The big day finally arrived. However, what frightened Glinda was that it was exactly the second anniversary of the day Theodora and Evanora were defeated...and also, the moment she gave birth to the child, a solar eclipse occurred. In Oz, eclipses were known to be very dangerous, especially if a child was born on one. Those children were rumored to live dark and cursed lives. But Oz assured his wife that nothing would ever harm their little daughter as long as they believed. The next morning, King Oz (in his smoke form) and Queen Glinda announced the birth of the Daughter of the land of Oz, Princess Miranda Kiara Avalon Celeste. The people cheered for their new princess. Now they didn't have to worry about where the throne would go if their magnificent king and beloved queen disappeared. Everybody prayed that the wicked witches would not return. However, Theodora, known as the Wicked Witch of the West, decided to pay a visit to her infant niece. One month after Miranda's birth, on the night of the full moon, the green skinned witch flew her broom from her castle to the Emerald City palace's nursery. Theodora used her fire powers to melt the outside door handle from the balcony to the nursery. She crept over to the crib, grinning evilly, but when she peered inside the crib to see the baby, she felt a pang in her heart. Even though Evanora had melted Theodora's heart and replaced it with pure wickedness, it still hurt. That should have been her baby. She was supposed to be Oz's queen, until she discovered that Oz \"flirted with all three sisters\". Evanora had taken advantage of Theodora's vulnerability and broken heart to transform her into the epitome of evil. The witch shook her head to stop the flashback. She loved being evil. It was so much easier than being that naive goody-goody that she had been before. Her wicked grin retuned as she looked down on the newly awakened girl. Just like all babies, Miranda smiled as she played with her feet, gleefully unaware of the peril she was in. \"Goodbye little princess,\" Theodora cackled, holding up a green hand with a fire ball burning on it. Down the hall in the royal chambers, Glinda sat up quickly. She sensed the presence of her sister. \"Oz! Oz wake up!\" she said, shaking her sleeping husband. \"Go back to bed, hun,\" Oz grumbled. \"Oz, Theodora's here!\" Glinda replied sharply, ignoring her husband's complaints. \"WHAT?! That's impossible!\" he argued, but he froze when he heard the witch's trademark evil laugh echo down the hall. \"Or not,\" Oz admitted. \"But what's the worst she can do? There's nobody else here except...\" They both gasped at the same time before they cried out,\"MIRANDA!\" Oz ripped the blanket off of him and started to run for the door, but Glinda blocked him. \"Wait! If you go in there, Theodora will know you're alive and come back full force. We have to protect our people!\" \"Yes, but we also have to protect our daughter!\" Oz yelled, throwing his hand in the direction of the nursery. Just then they heard a baby cry. Glinda held out her arm to stop Oz from sprinting down the hall and busting through the door to the nursery. \"I'll take care of it,\" Glinda assured her husband in her soft voice. \"But your powers! Your magic is still weak after giving birth to Miranda!\" Oz insisted. \"I'm strong enough,\" Glinda insisted, her urgent tone putting a stop to any and all objections. Another cry came from down the hall, this one louder and more fearful. The two of them tensed and Oz nodded in approval of his wife's plan. The blonde queen gave the wizard a gentle kiss on the cheek before she quietly slipped out the door. Glinda walked as quickly as she could without making any noise. Once outside the nursery, it seemed that she and Oz were not the only ones who heard the disturbance in the nursery. Finley snuck out from around a corner with Dolly on his back. Glinda placed a finger to her lips and summoned her wand. \"Theodora!\" Glinda called out as the doors swung open, her normally-gentle voice cold and sharp. \"Ah sister. I was wondering when you were going to join us,\" the green witch laughed malevolently while she held the baby girl in her arms. \"I was just telling little Miranda how her Auntie Teddy was going to burn her into a little pile of ash!\" The fun yet evil smile on her face mixed with the upbeat tone made her death threat sound more like a bedtime story than anything else. \"You harm my daughter and I promise-\" Glinda started her threat but could not bring herself to even say anything cruel. \"Promise what? You'll turn me into a bubble. We both know you're not wicked enough to harm anybody, not even me!\" Theodora taunted. \"You leave the Princess alone, you big bully!\" Dolly commanded, running into the nursery and trying to kick the witch in the leg. Theodora cackled loudly, causing Dolly to back up to Finley in fear, before the witch mocked them again, \"This is your backup? A flying rat in a butler uniform and a six inch breakable toy? What's wrong Glinda? Did your precious wizard abandon you?\" Glinda's face was hard-set, the most dangerous look she could give. \"This battle is between you and me. Miranda has no part in this.\" \"Maybe, but taking away something you and your wizard obviously love is far more effective than killing you. So, I'll just take the baby and be on my way.\" Theodora started to mount her broom when she realized that the little girl had disappeared from her arm. \"Where is she?!\" the furious witch screeched. Suddenly, all those in the room heard a baby giggle coming from the air right in front of them, but there was nothing there. The green witch glared at the source of the giggle and saw a ripple in the surroundings. \"A disillusionment charm? Really sister? I expected more from you!\" She threw her hand forward and snatched Miranda from where she was floating midair. Out of nowhere, a sudden white light shone right where the baby should have been. Theodora shrieked as she was temporarily blinded and Glinda took the opportunity to take her daughter back. \"You will pay for that!\" the wicked witch screamed. \"That cursed baby will be mine! And next time I come back for her, neither you, the wizard, or anybody else will be able to stop me because you will be begging me to take her! Don't forget, the moon is darker than the sun!\" Theodora hopped on her broom and flew off, followed by a trail of black smoke. Oz ran into the room and joined his wife in holding their daughter the second he knew it was safe. \"Oz? What color are Miranda's eyes?\" Glinda asked, glancing at her husband worriedly. \"Light blue, why?\" \"Not anymore,\" she responded. Oz looked down and gasped at what he saw. Little Miranda looked up at her parents and giggled with her big toothless grin. But her eyes had changed color. They were now sparkly gold and reflective silver. \"Oz, I think the land of Oz has a new witch,\" Glinda said proudly yet somewhat shakily. \"What do you mean?\" the wizard questioned. \"The eclipse. On top of being the daughter of a witch and a 'wizard', Miranda was born on a solar eclipse, at the exact moment that the moon blocked the sun. Hence, she absorbed the power of both. When Theodora tried to take her away, Miranda not only flew out of her arms, but she turned invisible. Then, when Theodora tried again, Miranda's whole body radiated with a blinding light. Our little girl is the Good Witch of the Moon and Sun.\" Finley, Dolly, Oz, and Glinda looked at the infant princess with pride and amazement. But Theodora's warning lingered in the back of Glinda's head. Okay, so that's chapter one. Review and maybe I'll write again soon[Chapter 2] Hey y'all! Well, I got plenty of reviews asking me to continue the story, so I decided to comply. However, one guest reviewer did not like my story because I did not give a detailed description of how Miranda was conceived. That's just not my thing and nobody should expect any lemons in this story. Why do you think my story isn't rated M? Disclaimer: yeah...I don't own Oz or any other characters except for Miranda. Miranda grew up with a relatively normal childhood, well, as normal as it could be when you were a princess, a witch, and stuck inside the castle walls 24/7. Oz and Glinda were so afraid of Theodora's threat that they tripled the guards and kept their daughter protected at all times. She only came outside for royal public appearances. But with those few peeks, the people of Oz fell in love with her, especially the boys as she got older. As a child, Miranda's hair was a fine blonde, just like her mother's. However, it darkened as she aged, making her look more and more like her father, but, at the same time, more like her aunts with each passing day. Luckily, the changes stopped before her appearance became too much like that of the Wicked Witches. With her long, slightly-wavy, chestnut brown hair, silver and gold eyes, and fair skin, (AN think of Annabeth from the Lightning Thief movie but with different eyes) Miranda's beauty paralleled that of Glinda. Unfortunately, Miranda's popularity did not go unnoticed by Theodora and Evanora. Each envied the princess for something she couldn't control: Theodora for Oz's love (who she still believed was an all-powerful wizard) and Evanora for youthful attractiveness. If not for the inpenetrable security surrounding Emerald City at all times, the witches would have eliminated their niece years before. The Wicked Witches of the East and West were not the only ones unhappy with the constant protection. Miranda hated being trapped (AN I know this sounds like The Little Mermaid 2 with Melody always trying to go to the ocean, but trust me, this'll be different) . Finally, the week before her eighteenth birthday, Miranda finally got her chance to see her kingdom. {o}four days until full moon- Emerald City throne room{o} \"Dad?\" the seventeen year old princess called out as she poked her head into the throne room. However, with the way she was dressed, nobody would think of the teenage girl as the Princess of Oz. She was wearing khaki cargo pants, a cropped black tank top, and black combat boots with her brown hair tied up in a high ponytail with a red bandanna wrapped around her forehead. As soon as she stepped into the room, she was greeted by a huge explosion and the giant smoke head of her father. \"WHO DARES DISTURB THE GREAT AND POWERFUL OZ?!\" the huge head bellowed. Miranda crossed her arms and rolled her eyes before she walked across the room to the the throne and pulled down on the gilded rope hanging on the edge of the wall circling the golden throne. \"FOR I AM THE MOST MAGICAL AND THE MOST-\" the wall slid to the side to reveal a middle-aged brunette man with a fake beard hovering over a projector and yelling into a microphone. He continued his introduction even though he was fully visible. \"Dad, it's me, and you know I can see you, right?\" the girl said skeptically. \"NO YOU CAN'T! BECAUSE I AM IMMORTAL AND I AM INVISIBLE!\" \"Dad, stop. You're embarassing yourself.\" (AN tell me if you know where these two lines are from) \"Worth a shot,\" the magician replied, stepping out from his control room. It was then that he took in his daughter's attire. \"What are you wearing?\" Miranda looked down at her outfit in confusion. \"Just something from my closet. Why, what's wrong with it?\" \"You look like you're going camping or playing capture the flag, not preparing to run an entire kingdom.\" \"What does it matter? They only see me four or five times a year, and when they do, I'm all dressed up to fit their definition of a princess. And on top of that, how can I be ready to rule when I've never set foot outside the palace?!\" Oz looked down in guilt. Miranda knew that her father was a fake, but she was under the impression that it was for the sake of the people. Oz and Glinda had never told their daughter about the Wicked Witches and the break-in when she was a baby. They wanted to believe that Theodora and Evanora would never show their faces again, so the king and queen did their best to remove the two sisters from the memories of the people, especially from those of the princess. Like any good parents, Oz and Glinda wanted to keep their daughter safe, which to them meant the less she knew the better. \"Honey, I've told you-\" \"I know, I know. You're doing it for my own protection because you know what's best for me because you love me and blahbity blahbity blah.\" \"More or less,\" Oz responded with a shrug. \"Dad, come on! I'll be eighteen in only a few days and you promised that you would let me go out by then!\" Miranda argued. \"What?! I don't remember making that promise! When did I make that promise?!\" Oz stuttered. \"On my thirteenth birthday when I asked for permission to go out for the gazillionth time!\" \"Uh, answer does not compute. Um...no one can see the Wizard!\" Oz ducked behind the wall and pulled the curtan to cover his face. Miranda, with her arms still crossed, pulled down on the curtain drawstring, ignoring her father hiding behind his hands. \"I'm telling you, I need fresh air, sunshine, you know, stuff that comes from nature.\" Oz stepped back out into the main room, sighed deeply, and rubbed the area between his eyes. \"Yes, but there are things outside that are way too dangerous for you to face.\" \"But Dad, I've gotten control of my powers now! Watch.\" Miranda lifted her arms over her head and touched her wrists together. She opened her eyes, both eyes shining silver, and whispered, \" LUNARIS !\" A shadow seemed to appear around the girl while little waves of silver magic swirled out of her fingers. The shadow and the waves disappeared as she turned invisible and looked at her father. If Miranda was visible, Oz would have seen her head circle sassily as she said, \"Ya see, now this is invisible.\" \"That's definitely an improvement, but how are your sunbeams? I still have scorchmarks in my favorite cloak from the last time you tried those.\" Miranda crossed her arms and pouted. \"Knuk should know by now not to blow that horn while I'm practicing!\" \"Ok then, show me what you've got. Oh, wait!\" Oz ran behind the throne and ducked. \"Alright, continue.\" \"Nice to know I have such a supportive dad who has so much faith in me,\" Miranda muttered sarcastically. \"I do have faith in you, sweetheart. It just would not look good if the mighty Wizard had a burn hole in the middle of his face.\" The teenager felt the anger boil in her veins, but she took a deep breath to calm down, knowing that emotional stress was not a good combination with magic. Miranda swirled her hands up from her sides to above her head. White-gold magic sparkled from her fingertips. Her head snapped up, both eyes entirely golden, no other colors showing at all. \" SOLIS !\" she screamed, looking quite intimidating with her gold eyes, sparking hands, and hair flying up behind her. Suddenly, her light fizzled and her solar aura died out. \"Dang!\" Miranda snapped under her breath. \"I thought I had it that time!\" \"Look on the plus side,\" Oz replied as he came out from behind the throne to pat his daughter on the shoulder. \"That was the longest you've been able to hold your sunbeams...and nobody lost their eyebrows this time.\" Against her will, Miranda chuckled at her dad's joke. \"Well maybe if I had my power channeller like Mom and her wand, I could have better control.\" Oz gave a small laugh and grinned at his little girl. \"You'll have to talk to your mother about that. Any other progress?\" \"My moon spells have come a lot easier than my sun spells. Why is that?\" \"Well you were born on a solar eclipse, when the moon fully blocked the sun, hence you have a stronger connection with the moon. Do not worry though. They'll come in eventually. Besides, the sun is fiery and cannot be contained; the moon is darker but easier to submit to power. I don't fully understand myself, considering my only magic is that of a con-man. I still don't think you're ready though to go out.\" \"I am so ready to go out on my own. Please Daddy.\" Miranda made her eyes as big as possible and stuck out her bottom lip. Oz groaned. He could never say no to his baby's puppy dog face. \"Fine! Tomorrow morning you can go into town, but that's it!\" \"Oh thank you Daddy! Thank you, thank you, thank you!\" Miranda jumped for joy before she gave her dad a big hug. \"You're the best!\" She kissed him on the cheek and ran out of the room gleefully before she popped her head back in and stated, \"And if you try to have me followed by anybody, I'll tell the whole kingdom about your secret! Alright, bye!\" \"My daughter, the princess with the magic tongue. Wish I had her back in my carnival days. She would have been able to convince them to stop criticizing my act,\" Oz thought out loud as he put his hands on his hips. Happy Spring Break and Happy early-Easter everybody! You like, I continue. Peace out![Chapter 3] Hey! Miranda, Oz, Glinda, and I are back for round three of this story. Thank you to all my reviewers, alerters, and favorite-rs. Disclaimer: do I look like L. Frank Baum?! (Thats a rhetorical question people!) {o} four days until full moon- Emerald City royal chambers {o} Oz dragged his feet wearily into his and Glinda's bedroom. He sighed deeply as he plopped down on to the sette in front of his bed. Just then, his wife popped in... literally...because she controlled water and could ride around in a bubble. Glinda's smile weakened when she saw her husband in his \"Why me?\" position. She approached Oz and put her hand on his shoulder as she sat down next to him on the cushioned bench. \"What is it this time, sweetheart?\" Glinda asked quietly, giving him a small, sad smile for comfort. \"Miranda...again,\" Oz answered without taking his head out of his hands. \"What's wrong?! Is she okay?!\" \"She's fine,\" Oz sighed deeply as he sat up and turned to look at the witch. \"But she managed to persuade into letting her go out on her own tomorrow.\" Glinda let out a deep breath as she lowered her head, shaking it slightly. \"Glinda, I can't take it back. If I do, she'll hate us forever. Either we give her our permission to see the land, or she'll run away and do it on her own.\" \"Why could she not wait until she was older?\" the queen questioned, more to herself than to Oz. \"Because Miranda is a teenage girl. She should be worrying about clothes and shoes, not the future of a kingdom that she has never even set foot in.\" \"Oz, Miranda is not just a teenage girl,\" Glinda corrected. \"She is also a witch-in-training and a princess. I know how she feels. The only difference is that I had two sisters to play with, hence I never felt lonely. At least, not until Evanora killed Father. But nonetheless, Miranda has never met anybody her own age. Maybe if she does go out, she will meet some friends and then she will feel satisfied with staying inside the palace.\" \"Or maybe she'll continue to beg us to let her out again and again because she'll want to see the people she meets. There are infinite possibilities of what will happen the minute she steps outside the castle grounds.\" \"Oz, are you saying you do not trust your own daughter?\" Glinda said warily. \"No! I mean yes! I mean...I don't know what I mean!\" Oz stammered angrily. Both the king and the queen looked to the painting of the three of them after Miranda's first birthday. \"Enough about that,\" Oz dismissed. \"How was your trip to the munchkin villages? Did you learn anything new?\" \"There was no news on Theodora and Evanora's attacks. They have not tried anything in at least six months. But, I did pick up something.\" Glinda reached into her sparkly gold satchel that she always brought with her when she left the Emerald City. She pulled out two delicate-looking armbands. Oz immediately realized what they were. The bracelets were unique because they started off silver and ended gold, melted together in the middle where on one was the gold and silver design of a sun and one the other was the gold and silver design of a crescent moon. The carvings in the armbands were so intricately cut. \"The Master Tinker's cousin works as a jeweler in the north, so I asked him to make these for Miranda,\" Glinda stated as she held the dainty bracelets in her hands. \"How long did this take him?\" Oz asked in disbelief as he continued to stare at the jewelry. \"About two months, but I still need a week to enchant them.\" \"Miranda was just asking about when she would get her magical item. I told her to talk to you about it.\" Glinda sighed. \"Oz, remember when Evanora told you to break my wand to destroy me?\" The wizard nodded grimly. \"That's because my power source controls both my powers and my lifeline. If you had snapped my wand, I would have died, or at least spent my short remaining life weak and powerless.\" \"But you crushed Evanora's necklace and she just turned into an old hag,\" Oz argued. \"That's because it was more of an anti-aging charm than a power source, but her powers are gone too. I am just afraid of tying Miranda's lifeline to something so fragile,\" Glinda looked down at the bracelets with worry in her eyes. \"I don't think we have any other choice,\" Oz replied. \"Without these she won't be able to fully protect herself. I trust that she'll take good care of them once we explain to her what they are.\" Glinda sighed and rested her head on her husband's shoulder. Oz draped his arm over his wife's shoulders as they looked down at the armsbands that were still in Glinda's hands. A knock on the door interrupted the couple's moment of silence. Oz cleared his throat and yelled in his deep wizard voice, \"WHO DARES INTERRUPT THE MIGHTY WIZARD?!\" \"It's Knuk, so you can drop the act!\" the short man shouted irritably through the bedroom door. \"Oh Knuk, come in,\" Oz insisted in his regular tone. The munchkin stomped into the chambers, his horn held at his side. \"I wanted to tell you that Princess Miranda almost set fire to the hat of one of the guards outside her room and he's dragging her down here right now to insist punishment.\" Oz groaned. \"Just stop them before they reach the door, assure the guard that it will never happen again, and then escort Miranda back to her room before she causes anymore trouble. Tell her that it's time for her to go to sleep. She has a big day tomorrow.\" Sorry it's so short and it took so long. I had a few issues with the internet and coming up with what to say. This is sort of a filler chapter. The next one will be Miranda's visit to the kingdom. Don't forget to review![Chapter 4] Hey y'all! I'm back and ready for the next round of Miranda's story. I had less reviews for my last chapter than any other chapter, which kind of bummed me out...but oh well! Nothing serious really happened in that last chapter, it was really just a filler anyway. Just don't forget to review at the end of this chapter. Disclaimer: I do not own Oz the Great and Powerful...because it has not come out to DVD yet. {o}three days until full moon- Princess Miranda's bedroom{o} Miranda stared at the open door of her closet, her expression frozen in thought. It was hard for her to figure out what to wear. If she wore any of the dresses that she had, she would immediately be recognized as the princess. But if she wore any of her casual clothes, she would stick out even more. Miranda scratched her head, pondering even more. How did the women of the village normally dress when she greeted them from the balcony those five times each year? Well it really depended on the time of year since she saw them on the spring equinox, summer solstice, autumn equinox, winter solstice, and of course, her birthday. Lightbulb moment! They wore skirts, blouses, and dresses at her birthday celebration! The princess began digging through her wardrobe for some simple skirts and shirts. Five minutes later, Miranda inspected her reflection in her full-length mirror and nodded in approval. She had on a fitted white shirt with three quarter length sleeves that billowed out at the end. She also wore a low slung brown belt and a loose blue ankle length skirt that was casual but flowy enough so she could run without any problems. She slipped on her favorite white midcalf lace-up boots that had a nice 1.5 inch heel. The second she closed her closet door, Miranda's maids rushed into the room to do her hair like they always did. They picked up the front sections of the girl's chestnut brown hair and tied them back into a french braid around the area where Miranda would normally wear her crown. The maids let the rest of her wavy hair hang loose down to just above the middle of her back. The maids left the room as quickly as they had entered it and Miranda proceeded to apply her makeup. She added some light eyeshadow before she threw on eyeliner and mascara. The princess finished off with some clear lip gloss before she picked up her light blue cloak and exited the room. {o}three days until full moon- Emerald City throne room{o} Glinda sat properly on the arm of Oz's throne while her husband paced frantically around the room. The witch, of course, was worried sick about letting her baby go out into the kingdom alone, but Oz was an emotional wreck, so Glinda had to play the part of the calm parent so both of them wouldn't go crazy. \"Oz, honey, stop pacing. You're burning a hole in the floor,\" Glinda insisted teasingly. But the wizard was too upset to pay attention to what she said. \"But what if she gets kidnapped?! What if some boy takes advantage of her?! What if Theodora returns?! What if-\" \"Oscar!\" the queen cried out. Oz was snapped out of his state by his wife's unusually loud volume. He whipped his head toward the throne to stare at his wife in shock, making it clear that she now had the man's attention. Glinda gracefully stepped down from her seat on the edge of the throne. She descended the stairs from the golden chair to stand in front of the king. \"Sweetheart, I know you're scared - trust me, I am too - but walking in circles and tossing out every possible dangerous scenario is not going to assure our daughter's safety. What we have to do is let Miranda know that we trust her and have faith that she will be able to handle herself.\" Oz stared into the witch's big brown eyes, knowing in his heart that she was correct, but Theodora's threat kept echoing in his mind. He sighed. \"You're right...as always,\" he admitted. \"Which is why I fell in love with you.\" Glinda smiled. She kissed him softly on the lips before he kissed her back. Nothing heated or passionate, just affectionate and loving. It was then that Miranda entered the room, right in the middle of her parents kissing session. \"Ahem,\" she coughed, interrupting their moment. \"Should I come back later, or what?\" the princess asked playfully. \"Miranda!\" Oz exclaimed, caught off guard by the girl's sudden appearance. \"No no it's cool. Go back to what you were doing.\" Miranda slowly proceeded to back out of the room before her dad could try to back out of his promise. \"I'll just head out now.\" She turned around quickly and was about to bolt out of the palace when she was stopped. \"Not so fast, young lady,\" Oz ordered in his parental tone. Miranda, whose back was still to the adults, flinched as she thought, \" So close .\" She turned back around with her best innocent grin plastered on her face. The girl walked quickly over to her parents and said, \"Yes Daddy?\" \"You can cut the face, Andy, I'm not going back on my word.\" Miranda let out a deep breath of relief and returned to her regular smile. \"That's my girl,\" Oz replied, beaming at how naturally gifted his baby was at conning people. The father and daughter did their special handshake and broke out laughing at the end. Glinda watched her husband, seeing how different of a man Oz was from the egotistical, greedy, insensitive womanizer he was when he originally came to the land. She stepped forward and touched her hand to Oz's arm. \"Honey, I have to leave soon and I want to assure that Miranda has made it to town before then.\" \"Oh! Right, sorry!\" Oz stammered. He took a step back to allow room for Glinda between himself and the teenager. \"Miranda, your eyes are famous throughout the kingdom...I don't want to risk anybody recognizing you because of them. The whole point of you going out on your own is that you can experience the life of an ordinary person, so you can meet the village people without them treating you like the princess. Observe their daily routines, listen to their comments, connect with them. This trip will make you a more understanding queen in the future. Now, as for the eyes.\" Glinda raised her wand and waved it in a circle around Miranda's face. As the sparkles faded, the gold and silver gave way to the magic, and Miranda's eyes shone a brilliant ocean blue. The girl rushed over to a suit of armor and stared at the blue-eyed brunette looking back at her. \"I figured, considering your outfit, that blue was your color,\" Glinda stated warmly as she appeared in the reflection behind Miranda. Miranda turned back to her mother and wrapped her arms around the woman joyfully. Glinda hugged her back. Oz stepped up the join the two. \"Have you chosen your name and background in case someone asks?\" \"I would say Andy but it's too close to Miranda. How about one of my middle names?\" Oz looked up pensively. \"That might work. It would sound a lot more coincidental than having the same first name as the princess.\" \"But still too close,\" Glinda debated. \"In Oz, nobody ever names their children after the royal family, even their middle names.\" \"How about Dawn?\" Miranda suggested. \"It comes between the sun and the moon, but only if you really thought about that would you come to that conclusion, and I would be long gone.\" \"Sounds good to me,\" Oz agreed. \"Glinda?\" \"I think it's a lovely name. What about your backstory?\" \"I've got it all worked out. My parents are travelling merchants and we're visiting for the day and we spent the night at my aunt and uncle's farm on the outskirts of the village.\" \"It seems to me like you've been preparing for this for more than one night,\" Oz responded, giving his daughter a knowing look. \"You got that right!\" Miranda said proudly. \"I've been waiting for this day for years. Speaking of which, we're burning daylight. Let's go!\" \"Okay then. Follow the yellow brick road outside the castle gates straight down to the village. Keep your powers secret. You and your mother are the only good witches in the area, so they're a telltale sign. Now get going before I feel the urge to try and stop you.\" Miranda hugged her parents goodbye and rushed out of the room. As she got outside and neared the gates, she turned around to see her mother and father watching from the balcony. The princess waved at them before she headed down the road. {o}three days until full moon- village square{o} Miranda couldn't stop smiling in excitement as she walked through the busy village market. The hustle and bustle of the townspeople filled her with energy. Miranda kept her cloak hood up over her head to keep anybody from recognizing her, but because of that, nobody paid any attention to the girl. Miranda was leaning over a florist's cart to smell the delicate bouquets of flowers when she heard a loud rumbling noise. She flung her head up and saw a wooden cart flying down the cobblestone street. The horse was running at top speed and its driver was still whipping it to go faster, nearly running over people in the process. Miranda whipped her head around to see if there was anybody hit. She didn't see anyone, but she saw a girl in the middle of the street whose foot was caught in a gutter and was about to get trampled. The princess sprinted as fast as she could up the sidewalk and leapt across the street, knocking the girl and herself over on to the other side of the road, safely out of the way of insane cart driver. \"Slow down, you jerk!\" Miranda yelled after the runaway cart. \"Thank you,\" the girl said quietly. \"No problem,\" Miranda replied. \"Who was that guy?\" \"Duncan Crinch,\" the girl answered. \"He thinks he owns the town and doesn't have to care about the well-being of the rest of us.\" \"Well why hasn't anybody reported him? I thought there were laws against reckless behavior.\" \"There are,\" the girl stated. \"But nobody wants to bother the King with issues as unimportant as aggressive driving.\" \" Well, I know Dad won't think of it as unimportant ,\" Miranda thought. \" I'll tell him as soon as I get home.\" \"Are you okay?\" Miranda asked the village girl. \"I'm fine, thank you.\" The girl tried to stand up, but the pressure on her ankle caused her to cry out in pain. Miranda caught her before she hit the ground. \"That looks swollen. It might be sprained. Here.\" Miranda sat the girl down and kneeled next to her, ripped off the edge of her skirt, wrapped it around the girl's ankle, pulled a bobby pin out of her hair, and fastened the wrap with it. Luckily, the girl was wearing flats, so she wouldn't have to walk around barefoot. It was then that Miranda got a good look at the girl. She had beautifully curly platinum blonde hair, a lot lighter than Glinda's strawberry blonde shade, light freckles, and beautiful amethyst purple eyes. The girl looked up at Miranda while she took care of the injury. \"Have we met before? I feel like I recognize you.\" \"I don't think so,\" Miranda denied quickly, realizing that her hood had fallen back when she saved the girl. \"My parents are merchants, so we travel a lot. This is my first visit to this village, but I'm only staying for today. There, that should do it.\" Miranda helped the girl up. \"Put your arm around my shoulder. Just tell me where you need to go.\" \"Oh no, you don't have to-\" the girl began to insist as she and Miranda turned the corner, but she was interrupted. \"Vi!\" a boy about Miranda's age hollered from down the sidewalk. He grabbed another teenage boy and pulled him up the street to where Miranda and the girl were standing. \"Violet, are you okay?! What happened?!\" \"Crinch happened,\" the girl, whose name was apparently Violet, answered. \"But thanks to this girl here,\" she gestured to Miranda, \"I made it out with only a twisted ankle.\" For the first time, the boys took notice of Miranda, and she of them. They were both about the same height and age, but their appearances and personality traits were totally different. The one who had originally called out to Violet had medium-length flaming red hair and spring green eyes with a splash of freckles across his cheeks. His smile was warm and friendly, but the slight blush showed that he was also a little shy. The other one had longer, jet straight, raven black hair with chocolate brown eyes and tan skin. The way his eyes kept looking Miranda up and down combined with his cocky smirk made Miranda a little nervous. This boy looked just like Glinda's description of Oz when he first showed up: overly-confident, flirty, and overall bad-boy. Both boys were actually pretty cute, not too bad for the first teenagers Miranda had ever met. \"Thank you for saving my sister,\" the redhead thanked graciously as he took Violet's arm and shifted her weight off of Miranda's shoulder and onto his. \"How can we repay you...\" \"Dawn,\" Miranda lied smoothly. \"And there's no need to repay me. I just did what any person would have done in that situation.\" \"Still, thanks.\" Miranda gave a small smile and blushed a little. \"Come on, Aden,\" the black haired boy said, pushing the ginger aside as he stepped forward to Miranda. \"I'm sure there's a better way to thank this...lovely lady...than that. How about a date with me instead?\" He wiggled his eyebrows and gave the girl a suggestive grin. \"Yeah...I'm gonna have to say no,\" Miranda responded. \"I'll just take the thanks and be on my way.\" She turned on her heel and was about to head in the opposite direction when Aden called out to her. \"Dawn! Dawn, wait come back!\" He sat Violet down on a box and ran over to Miranda. \"Sorry about Nick. He hits on every cute girl he sees. Please, at least let me offer you our friendship.\" His eyes seemed so genuine. \"Why not? I could use some good friends. I've only had fake friends.\" Miranda mentally slapped herself and silently cursed. Had she let too much slip? \"Well then welcome to our group,\" Aden replied, making a grand arm gesture toward Nick and Violet. \"How come we've never seen you around before?\" \"My parents are travelling merchants. This is my first time to this village,\" Miranda stated from memory. \"That explains it. I would never forget seeing such a pretty face,\" Nick cut in, this time winking at Miranda. \"And I would never forget meeting such a chauvinistic pig,\" Miranda snapped, her arms crossed over her chest as she glared at the flirt. \"Ooh! Burn!\" Aden said in a mocking voice. No girl had ever responded to Nick's lines liek that before. \"Yeah, Nick. I think you're playing out of your league,\" Violet teased from her seat on the box. \"Nah, she's just feisty. I like feisty. It makes the chase more fun for the hunter.\" Miranda was about to throw out a sarcastic retort when a sudden cackling filled the air. People started to scream in terror as a green-skinned woman dressed in a black dress and black hat began to descend from the sky on a flying broom. \"IT'S THE WICKED WITCH OF THE WEST!\" one of the villagepeople shrieked. \"We have to hide!\" Aden shouted. \"If she sees a stranger, she'll bring you back to her castle and torture you!\" Aden and Nick threw Violet's arms over their shoulders and carried her into the shadow of the alley, Aden using his free arm to pull Miranda with them. Huddled in the dark corner, Miranda poked her head out and watched in horror as the woman landed on the ground, holding a ball of fire in one hand and the broomstick in the other. \"Hello all!\" she greeted in a wicked voice. \"Remember me?\" So that's chapter four. If you want to know what Miranda/Dawn is wearing, pretty much picture the outfit Anne Hathaway wore in Ella Enchanted during the scene at the mall. Kay, bye! Review![Chapter 5] Hey y'all! I am so sorry about the update gap. I had been on a fanfiction roll before my family and I left for vacation. Then, our vacation home had no internet and I couldn't do anything online-related from Wednesday (June 12) to Sunday (June 16) when I arrived at a college in Wellesley, MA for the National Youth Leadership Forum on Medicine. I found over forty emails waiting for me. I had planned on updating, but my schedule this past week and a half has been so busy that by the time I can update, I'm too exhausted. But it's finished now, I'm catching up on my sleep again, and my sleep-deprivation-caused-cold is almost gone. Anyway, on to the story. Oh, and thank you to my reviewers. Disclaimer: blah, blah, blah, do not own Oz, blah, blah, blah {o}three days until full moon- village square{o} \"Hello all! Remember me?\" Miranda's face was contorted with fear. Who was this green-skinned woman?! How was she a witch?! She and her mother were the only witches...weren't they?! Miranda tried to remember what her dad had said earlier. \" Keep your powers secret. You and your mother are the only good witches in the area, so they're a telltale sign. \" Maybe her parents had not known about this evil witch. There were infinite possibilities to consider before Miranda started pointing fingers and throwing around accusations. The girl was pulled out of her thoughts by a sudden cackling. \"Now, if my memory serves correctly, little Princess Miranda's eighteenth birthday is in less than a week, am I right?\" The villagepeople nodded and shouted out nervous assurances. \"Hmmph! I thought so. Isn't it tradition that the heir to the royal throne visits the land and its people at least once by then?! Has anybody seen this 'visit' occur?! Has anybody seen the princess on an ocassion other than the start of the seasons or her birthday?!\" The people looked down and shook their heads in shame. \"Just as I thought! The king and queen know they have a deadline, so the princess could roll through any day now. Unless any of you want to find a burned down house or market in your future, you will report any royal activity and/or young strangers to me! Immediately!\" The witch straddled her broom and flew off cackling, the black smoke trailing behind her. Miranda let out a deep sigh of relief, realizing that she had been holding her breath the whole time the witch was there. \"What just happened? Who the heck was that?!\" Miranda questioned shakily. \"The Wicked Witch of the West,\" Nick answered without taking his eyes off the spot where the green woman had just been. \"Yeah, I gathered that much!\" Miranda snapped, whipping her head around to glare at the brunette boy, who was standing just behind her. The three teens were caught off guard by their new friend's sudden temper, and Miranda could see it written all over their faces. \"Sorry. It's just that... I don't remember ever seeing her before, but I feel like somewhere in my mind I have a fuzzy memory of that laugh. Can you please just tell me who she is?\" Aden couldn't bring himself to say no to the request. It just seemed so sincere. He sighed. \"Her name's Theodora. The village elders say that before she turned evil, she was almost as kind and beautiful as Queen Glinda. The only real difference was that Theodora had much more fiery temper and a far shorter fuse. But she was still a good witch, good yet naïve.\" \"How could a good witch like that turn evil?\" Miranda asked, enraptured by the story. \"I heard that it was because of a man,\" Violet interjected. \"The first night the two met, he taught Theodora how to dance using something called a music box. He gave it to her as a gift and she brought him back to the palace under the impression that when she was queen someday, it would be at his side. But during that time, the oldest of the three witches in the land, Evanora, was ruling over the land of Oz as the palace advisor. She did not want to lose her position of power to anyone, especially this man. So Evanora conjured up another music box and convinced Theodora that the man had flirted with her, too. Theodora was heartbroken and turned to her sister to stop the pain. Evanora used an enchanted apple and replaced all the good in Theodora's heart with wickedness, turning her green and ugly at the same time.\" \"Wow,\" said Miranda, too shocked to say anything else. \"Yeah. Evanora was cutthroat,\" Nick added. \"She turns one sister evil and almost kills the other one. Talk about nuts.\" \"Wait! Who was the other sister?\" \"Queen Glinda,\" Aden stated. The new knowledge was too much for the princess to take in. The sky went dark as she passed out on the sidewalk. {o}three days until full moon- Aden and Violet's house{o} \"Dawn? Dawn? Come on, I know you're awake,\" a female voice echoed in Miranda's ears. Miranda groaned as she opened her eyes to the unfamiliar surroundings. \"Ugh. Where am I? Why does my head hurt?\" \"You're in my room and you fainted,\" Violet answered from her seat next to the bed where Miranda was. \"Oh yeah,\" Miranda muttered in realization as she rubbed the lump on the back of her head. She noticed the wooden clock on the wall and gasped when she saw it was five thirty. Her parents had said she had to be back by six. \"What's wrong?! Is she okay?!\" Nick exclaimed as he and Aden burst into the room. \"Don't worry, she's fine,\" Violet assured the two boys. \"How do you feel, Dawn?\" Aden asked gently as he kneeled down next to the bed. \"A little groggy, but that wasn't why I freaked just then. I had forgotten that I'm supposed to meet my parents in less than a half hour.\" \"Oh, where are you supposed to meet up?\" Violet inquired. \"Um, the town gates.\" \"We can take you there and while we do, you can tell us about what happened back there,\" Nick offered. He and and Aden helped pull Miranda up off the bed and on to her feet. \"Oh it's nothing,\" Miranda dismissed, taking a second to settle her dizziness. \"That was just all new info to me. My parents had never told me about any of that.\" \"Well then they were obeying the law. King Oz and Queen Glinda did their best to keep people from talking about the wicked witches, which was pretty easy considering Evanora is a powerless, old hag living in the east and Theodora almost never shows her face outside of her castle in the west.\" The teens kept talking as they walked to the gates. \"Here we are,\" Aden said as they reached the edge of the village. \"I wish it was for more than a day, but it was nice meeting you and hanging out with you.\" Miranda blushed at how genuine the redhead was being. \"Next time you're in town, maybe we can hook up,\" Nick proposed as he kissed the girl's hand, looking up so she could see him biting his lip suggestively. \"Yeah and 'maybe' I can tie you to a tree in the dark forest and leave you there to be arrested for sexual harassment,\" Miranda retorted as she pulled her hand out of Nick's and crossed her arms over her chest. Violet, Aden, and Miranda laughed as they watched Nick's over-sized ego deflate just a little bit. \"You know, I might be able to convince my parents to stay for a little while longer. I've, uh, never seen the princess in person before.\" \"That would be fantastic!\" Violet cried out. \"We could spend time together again tomorrow!\" \"Wait, where are your parents?\" Aden questioned. \"I thought you said you were meeting them here.\" \"Oh they're probably running late in the Emerald City. I'll just go find their booth. Bye!\" Miranda ran off toward the entrance through the walls surrounding the palace and the city encompassing it. She waved at her friends as she continued running. \" That was too close, \" the princess thought to herself. \" Now for the hard part - convincing Mom and Dad to let me out again tomorrow.\" I know this is a short chapter, but I wanted to put it out there before it was too late. Review and I love you all for waiting so long![Chapter 6] Hey y'all! Now this is pretty much a filler chapter, but it is absolutely necessary for the next one! Oh, and in case you're confused, I changed the time until Miranda's birthday and also the age. She is now turning eighteen instead of sixteen. Now that that's all cleared up, let's get to it. Disclaimer: I own the teenagers in this story and that's about it {o}three days until full moon- Emerald City dining room{o} \"Please?\" Miranda begged. \"No,\" Oz answered, picking up a piece of fillet mignon with his fork. \"Please?!\" Miranda tried again, her hands clasped together \"No!\" Oz denied, his eyes at half-mast, casually putting the meat into his mouth. Miranda sighed, her face taking on a bored look. Time for her to pull out the big guns. She stood up from her chair at the dining table, stepped to the side, and jumped up and down while she screamed, \"PLEASE?! PLEASE?! PLEASE?! EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!\" Oz covered his ears at his daughter's deafening but admittedly impressive lung capacity, but Glinda watched with an unfazed expression. \"Miranda Kiara Avalon Celeste!\" the queen scolded, acting in a strict parental manner while still maintaining her kind self. \"Sit down right now!\" Miranda obediently plopped into her chair. \"Throwing tantrums may have worked as a child, but you are now a young lady, a princess, a future queen! You are turning eighteen in less than a week and that night, at exactly midnight, you will accept your role as Crown Princess of Oz! I expect you to act as such. No more immature behavior.\" Miranda turned toward Oz and put on her most powerful puppy dog face. \"Pleeeeeeaaaaaase?!\" Oz felt his strength weaken as he started to give in to his daughter's pleas. \"Glinda-\" \"NO!\" Glinda insisted, not as vulnerable to Miranda's face as Oz. Miranda sighed again before she slouched in her chair. Suddenly, she had a lightbulb moment. Her face took on a sly look as she looked at both of her parents. \"Well, I hoped I wouldn't have to resort to this, but I see you leave me no choice... Daddy, you promised me one day, am I correct?\" \"Oh no! I know where this is going,\" Oz groaned. \"Answer the question,\" the teenager pressed. \"Okay, that's correct, but that one day was today.\" \"Not exactly,\" Miranda replied with a smirk. \"Technically one day means twenty four hours and, since I was only outside for twelve hours, I did not get a full day.\" (AN sorry about the interruption, but just pretend that Miranda went into the village around 6 am, met Violet and the boys around noon, and got back to the palace around 6 pm). \"But-\" \"Am I right or wrong?\" Miranda questioned. \"Well technically-\" \"Am I right or wrong?\" the girl repeated, her eyes narrowing this time. \"Fine! You're right!\" Oz exclaimed, throwing his arms up in exasperation. \"Glinda, did we give birth to a princess or a lawyer?!\" \"Oz, you did not give birth to her. I did. And I am rather positive that I gave birth to a princess...a princess who just happens to have genes from a smooth-talking conman.\" Glinda gave her husband a pointed look. \"However, I have to admit, she does make a valid point. I have never been one to argue with logic.\" \"Well, I guess that's it, then,\" the king responded. \"Is there anything else Her Royal Highness would like to debate?\" \"Nope. Nothing left to argue, but I do have a question. Are there laws prohibiting reckless driving and dangerous behavior in the kingdom?\" \"Oh!\" Oz was caught off guard by the seriousness of his daughter's inquiry. \"Why, yes, of course. Why do you ask?\" \"I witnessed a cart driver almost run over a girl in the village this morning. Her foot was stuck in between some cobblestones and the man only sped up. I knocked the girl out of the way and she told me that the driver, a man by the name of Duncan Crinch, has always been like that, but nobody has reported him because they feel like it would be inconveniencing you.\" \"Oh my goodness! Were you injured?!\" Glinda asked, her voice full of concern. \"I wasn't, but the girl sprained her ankle. Luckily, I was able to wrap it up and deliver her to her brother.\" \"Well that explains the missing strip of fabric from your outfit,\" Glinda pointed out as she, Oz, and Miranda looked down at the witch-in-training's ripped skirt from underneath the white tablecloth. \"Thank you for telling me about this, Andy,\" Oz commented as he nodded his head at Miranda. \"I will address this issue immediately. But, on a good note, how was the rest of your day? You haven't even told us what you did.\" He took another bite of his food, but gave her a look of interest. \"Well, I spent the first half of the day just wandering around. Then I met the girl's brother and friend and I hung out with them the rest of the day.\" Miranda decided to leave out the part about the Wicked Witch of the West. If her parents heard about that, they would never let her see the light of day ever again. Besides, the princess wanted to do a little more research before she started accusing the people who raised her of lying. \"That is wonderful to hear,\" the queen replied with a smile. \"If that's everything, may I be excused?\" Miranda requested. \"I want to get into bed so I can wake up early tomorrow.\" \"Of course, dear,\" Glinda answered. \"We well see you tomorrow, bright and early.\" Miranda left her silverware on her plate, folded her napkin next to the plate and left for her room. \"Oz, why do you look troubled?\" the enchantress asked. \"Miranda said her day was wonderful.\" \"Something seemed a little off about her. Did you notice how vague she was when we asked for details?\" \"Sweetheart, she is seventeen years old. If she wants to keep her personal life to herself, then it's none of our business.\" \"Alright,\" the man grumbled. \"But I still feel like she's hiding something.\" The couple continued to eat in silence until Oz's face snapped up, his eyes wide with alarm. \"What if she saw Theodora found her and cast a spell on her?! What if Miranda found out about the truth?!\" \"Oz, honey, calm down. She would have come to us first. Besides, we will have to tell her the truth someday. I had hoped it would not come so soon, but her eighteenth birthday approaches, and we promised after Theodora broke in that we would tell her by then.\" \"But what if we tell her and then she refuses to accept her role as crown princess because we hid it from her?!\" \"We just have to accept the consequences for lying to her and hope she understands that we did it out of love for her. I trust our daughter, and I know you do, too...so it's high time you start acting like it.\" Glinda left her napkin on the table, just like Miranda, and left Oz with more than just his steak to digest. Sorry it's so short. I was at cheer camp and, just like the last chapter, I did not have much time to write. Review and day 2 of \"Dawn\" is next.[Chapter 7] Hey y'all! Look, I have to go back to school in less than a week, so let's get this chapter out there before I do. This one is rated T. Oh, and PS, I use a section of lines from an episode of Suite Life of Zack and Cody (First Day of High School (oh the irony)). Disclaimer: I don't own Oz because if I did...?...you know, I don't think I would really change much of anything. Go figure {o}two days until full moon- Princess Miranda's bedroom{o} \"No.\" A yellow dress flew out of the closet. \"No.\" A brown skirt was thrown out, too. \"No.\" A purple peasant blouse followed it. Knock, knock. \"Ugh! Come in!\" Miranda shouted from her massive closet, where she was currently covered in clothes and looking very disgruntled. Beatrice, one of the palace maids, entered the royal chambers. She was about the same age as Miranda, but very petite and almost fairy-like with curly, dark red hair that went just past her ears, freckles, and blue eyes. \"Um, Princess?\" Beatrice called out. \"In here!\" Miranda hollered, waving her hand outside the closet to signal Beatrice over. \"Your Highness, the queen wanted me to let you know that the weather today will be warmer than yesterday, so she suggests a shorter skirt and a short-sleeved shirt paired with flats.\" \"Thank you, Beatrice,\" the witch-in-training replied. \"Would you care to give me a hand in picking some out?\" The servant gasped at the honor. \"I would love to, Milady!\" \"But,\" Miranda added, sticking her pointer finger out of the closet, her face very serious. \"I have one condition.\" Beatrice lowered her head sadly. She knew it was too good to be true. \"Yes, Your Highness?\" Miranda abandoned her stern mask and replaced it with a kind, friendly grin. \"Call me Miranda.\" Beatrice visibly relaxed at the request. \"All those other titles just aren't me...well, they're me, but the're the political PA me. Wait, that came out wrong! Ugh! Never mind! Just help me out in here!\" \"Right away, Prin- I mean, Miranda.\" \"Ooh! Can I help, too?\" came the sweet little voice of Dolly, who had just popped in the room. Because she was a china doll, Dolly aged much more slowly than normal people. Even though it had been exactly twenty years since Oz found her (and she had been about nine then), she had only reached fourteen in china years. Four human years was approximately one china year. \"Sure! The more the merrier!\" With the help of Beatrice and Dolly, within fifteen minutes, Miranda stood all ready to go. She was dressed in a flowy, emerald green, knee-length skirt; a loose, but form-fitting, mint blouse; and black ballet flats with a half-inch-heel. Her hair was tied back into a simple braid down her back and, even though it didn't match her outfit perfectly, she still brought along her blue cloak from the day before. {o}two days until full moon- village square{o} After saying goodbye to her parents and having Glinda reapply the glamour charm on her eyes, Miranda had left for the village. This time, it seemed much less overwhelming. Until... Miranda was admiring a blue and green beaded necklace at a jeweler's display when she heard the cry of a little boy. \"Hey! Give it back!\" a young brown-haired boy shrieked as he jumped to grab a box wrapped in brown paper and string from a tall, bulky teenage boy with messy, dirty blonde hair. \"That's my Mama's birthday present! It took me months to save that money!\" \"Well then it's probably a piece of junk!\" the bully jeered. \"I'm doin' your Ma a favor! And speakin' of junk...\" The teenager then picked up the boy and shoved him into the garbage can. He and his cronies began to laugh and point at the poor victim. Miranda dropped the necklace back on the stand and stormed over to the alley, pushing aside a few kids who were watching the whole scene go down. \"Hey!\" Miranda exclaimded as she shoved the bully's shoulder to get his attention. \"What are you doing picking on some little kid?!\" The boy tried to rock himself out of the trash can, but only succeeded in dropping to his knees and crawling around with the container stuck on his rear end, looking like a garbage turtle. \"Looks like somebody's got a little junk in their trunk!\" the bully teased. The boy, who looked like he was on the verge of tears, proceeded to crawl around the center of the gathered circle, shaking his butt in an attempt to get the can to fall off. The seriously pissed-off witch could feel her magic boiling inside her and sparking from her fingertips. Every part of her body was about to explode from holding it all in. It took everything she had to NOT burn this jerk into a sun-scorched crisp. \"Why don't you pick on someone your own size?!\" Miranda said as she stepped in closer to the bully, the top of her head just barely reaching his chin. \"Like who?!\" the bully challenged as he took an intimidating step toward Miranda. Miranda, not even slightly scared, pulled off her cloak and tossed it to the side before she answered, \"Like me!\" She kicked him hard right between the legs. \"Ooowww!\" the bully whimpered as he keeled over to hold his you-know-whats. \"See, now we're about the same height,\" Miranda pointed out in a chipper voice, using her hand to compare where their heads reached. \"Oh, I'm gonna get you!\" the bully threatened, but considering his voice was a little squeaky from where he got kicked, it was hard to take him seriously. \"Yeah...I don't think so!\" Miranda dismissed, turning on her heel to walk over to the little boy, nobody noticing as her eyes momentarily flashed gold. \"Hey! I'm stuck!\" the bully cried out, his deep voice returning. \"You must've stepped on some tar or somethin',\" one of his two buddies guessed as they tried to pull him off the ground. Indeed, with the help of some quick rays from the sun, Miranda had melted the soles of the bully's shoes to the sidewalk. The princess smirked at her handiwork as she pulled the trash can off of the boy. She kneeled down next to him. \"Are you okay?\" Miranda asked kindly. \"I-I think so,\" he murmured. \"What's your name?\" \"J-Johnny.\" \"Well it's nice to meet you, Johnny. My name's Dawn.\" Miranda felt guilty for lying to Johnny, but she had no choice. \"Nice to meet you, too, but that bully still has Mama's gift.\" Miranda whipped her head around, her blue eyes flashing. \"Don't worry, sweetie. I'll get it back,\" she promised as she glanced back at the boy. Miranda then looked straight forward at you and whispered, \"Warning, readers, do not try this at home.\" She stood up and directly faced the bully, who had finally managed to free himself from the ground by taking off his shoes, so now he was just standing barefoot. \"Hey ugly!\" Miranda hollered. \"Hand over Johnny's present, or else!\" \"Or else what?! Why would I take orders from a girl?! Besides, it's mine now and I'm gonna keep it! I'm not scared of you!\" Miranda chuckled darkly. \"I don't know...you seemed pretty scared of me when I gave you that kick. And speaking of which, I lowered your chances of having kids even more with that.\" The teenagers still watching oohed at the girl's courage, and laughed at how red the bully's face got from both humiliation and rage. One kid held out his hand for Miranda to high-five, and soon, everybody was trying to high-five her. \"Bryce, you can't hit a girl!\" one of the two members of the bully's entourage insisted. \"I'll make an exception!\" Bryce growled as he glared at Miranda. He stomped over and slapped Miranda right across the face, knocking her down to the ground. The metallic taste of blood filled her mouth and she could feel her cheek start to swell. She tried to get up, but the bully kicked her in the side, leaving her cornered against the wall of the alley. \"I'll show you what happens to those who bruise the family pride and reputation!\" Bryce lifted Miranda off the ground by her shirt and raised his fist. Miranda closed her eyes and braced herself for impact, but none came. She opened one eye to see a familiar redheaded boy holding back Bryce's arm. \"Leave her alone!\" Aden ordered the bully, his voice even but his face hard-set with anger. \"Besides, you're outnumbered.\" Miranda saw that Aden spoke the truth. Standing right behind him were Nick and Violet, both equally ticked. That made the teams four to three. Bryce shrugged off his restraint. \"And the village guards are on their way. Would you like to join your Daddy in jail?\" Violet pressed. Both of the cronies' eyes widened. The bully let go of Miranda's shirt, allowing her to stabilize herself on her feet, and threw the brown papered box at Johnny. He started to retreat, but then he whipped around, his fist flying straight at Miranda's face. But the witch was somewhat prepared this time. Her eyes flashed silver as she conjured up an invisible shield. Bryce's fist collided directly with the strong-as-steel shield. He pulled back as he let out a howl of pain, but he freaked when he couldn't see what broke his hand. \"This chick's a freak! Let's get outta here!\" Bryce and his bully buddies sprinted out of the alley, but he stopped at the end to yell, \"Once I marry Princess Miranda, you will all pay!\" He ran away in surrender. The crowd applauded and cheered before they too abandoned the alley. \"Thank you, Dawn!\" Johnny thanked graciously, picking up his present before he ran out, too. \"Dawn! Dawn, are you okay?!\" Aden asked in a rushed tone. Miranda stumbled around dizzily, one hand on her forehead, her eyes aimlessly looking around in circles. \"Did anybody catch the number of the carriage that hit me?\" she replied in a dazed voice. The combination of the hits, the comment about marriage, and the amount of magic she used to conjure up a shield strong enough to block a hit that powerful was a pretty taxing to a seventeen year old girl. \"How did he break his fist like that?\" Nick inquired. \"Did you duck your head to let him punch the wall, or something?\" \"Sure, let's go with that,\" Miranda answered before she quickly changed the subject. \"But what was that thing about marrying the Princess? And how would he possibly be able to do that if his father was in jail? And who is his father?\" \"Whoa! Slow down there! One question at a time,\" Violet joked. \"Remember that guy Duncan Crinch from yesterday?\" \"How could I forget?\" Miranda said with a weak laugh. \"Yeah, well, last night after you left, Emerald City guards showed up and arrested Crinch under the charges of reckless driving and lawless behavior. That bully is Bryce Crinch, Duncan Crinch's son,\" Aden explained \"Well that explains why he was so cranky. Now I see where he gets it from,\" Miranda commented. \"But that still doesn't explain why he would marry me-I mean Miranda.\" Luckily, nobody caught her slip-up. \"Remember how I said Crinch always acted like he ruled the town?\" Violet questioned. \"Yeah?\" \"The Crinch family is one of the village nobles, but only by title because they wasted most of their wealth away, so Bryce grew up under the impression that he would marry the Princess because of his nobility and then his family would be rich again and he would have 'the hot princess worshiping me and-'\" Violet stopped when she saw the disgusted, horrified, and traumatized look on Miranda's face. \"That image is now burned into my mind for the rest of my mind!\" Miranda stated with a shudder. \"Hey, no teenage boy in the village can deny having fantasies involving Princess Miranda,\" Nick added. \"I know I have.\" He zoned out and grinned in pleasure. \"Moving on,\" Aden cut off, pulling Nick out of his daydreams and saving Miranda from another haunting mental image. \"Dawn, are you ready for another day with us, providing you don't faint again?\" \"All set! What do you guys have planned for today?\" Don't worry I have more planned that I was actually going to focus on, but then I got to the bully idea and I decided to run with it. I apologize for the slightly suggestive parts, but she's almost eighteen. I have fifteen-year-old friends who talk about that stuff all the time. Kinda awkward in my opinion, but I know it happens. Coming up next, Miranda learns a little bit more about magic. Review and expect another update in the next four weeks![Chapter 8] Hey y'all! Sorry it took so long to update. Junior year is super hard. I have such a huge workload, I have almost no social life anymore. Whoever said high school was the best time of a person's life needs a reality check, like, asap! Okay, in this chapter, Miranda learns more about her magic and strengthens her powers a bit, so I'm gonna shut up and let you get to that. Many thanks to my guest reviewer who helped me get my butt back in gear. Disclaimer: if I owned this story, I would have turned this in as my creative writing assignment that was due last friday instead of spending the whole week writing an original short story {o}two days until full moon- village square{o} Miranda and her friends spent the morning simply wandering through the village until the clocktower rang, signaling that it was noon. Miranda's stomach grumbled. She had been so excited about seeing the town again that she forgot to eat breakfast. \"Whoa, sounds like somebody's hungry!\" Aden chuckled. \"Yeah I'm totally starv-\" Miranda stopped. Her train of thought derailed as she caught sight of a wooden building that was far older than half of the houses she had passed. Something inside was beckoning to her, calling her name. \"What's that?\" \"Oh, that's the town library,\" Violet answered. \"It was built by Oz's first king. He found it unfair that only the royal family and nobles had access to the land's sources of knowledge, so he decided to share the wealth with the people of Oz. For centuries, commoners would come from near and far just to lay eyes on the books. But now, so many of the books have been locked away that only a handful of villagers even visit.\" \"Why were the books locked away?\" the curious princess asked. \"Nobody knows for sure,\" Aden replied. \"But I think it has to do with Evanora when she was the royal chancellor. All I know is there's a magical seal or a lock or something that seals off the upper level of the library.\" \"Just as well!\" Nick scowled. \"Who wants to spend all day looking at a bunch of moldy old spellbooks anyway, especially when I happen to be standing right here?!\" He slid next to Miranda. \"And I find myself far more interesting than that dust pile.\" \"Did you say spellbooks?!\" Miranda questioned, barely able to contain her excitement. \"Yeah, but they're the ones that are all locked away,\" Aden added. Violet furrowed her brow at her new friend's obvious interest in the history of the kingdom. Even if her parents were merchants, she should have had a better knowledge of Oz. In fact, having travelling parents should have given her a better knowledge of the land than Violet, Aden, and Nick combined. \" Well, after the rough morning she's had, she deserves a break.\" \"Hey, Aden? How about you and Nick go down to Father's bakery and pick up some lunch while I bring Dawn to the library,\" Violet proposed. Miranda practically squealed with excitement, looked at the boys, smiled, and bit her lip in pleading excitement. Aden couldn't say no. \"Sure. Four choice pastries coming up. Come on, Nick.\" As he and the brunette boy headed toward the bakery, the redhead glanced back and gave Miranda and small grin. Suddenly, Miranda felt butterflies in her stomach. Aden had the cutest dimples. Wait, where did that come from?! Miranda shook her head to clear her thoughts. \"And grab some ice for Dawn's face while you're at it,\" Violet called down after them. Miranda touched her fingers to her cheek and winced, immediately regretting it. Her cheek was still swollen and still stinging. \"Come on. You wanna see the library or not?\" Violet teased, brushing against Miranda's shoulder and gesturing her head toward the ancient building. {o}two days until full moon- village library{o} The two teenage girls walked in through the creaky door. \"Mister Kinling? Mister Kinling?\" Violet cried out. \"Are you here?\" \"Do my ears deceive me in my old age?\" replied a man's shaky voice from behind an array of bookshelves. \"Do I hear the call of a customer?\" \"Yes, Mister Kinling. It's me, Violet Dryson, and I brought a visitor with me.\" The old man finally made an appearance. He was short with ruffled white hair, bushy eyebrows, thick white moustache, and slight whiskers. He was dressed in a loose white shirt, simple black shoes, a red bow tie, brown button down vest, and brown pants with suspenders. Thick black glasses hung around his neck on a chain. Miranda immediately felt comfortable when she caught sight of his friendly smile and sparkling eyes. \"Oh dear, if only had my glasses, I would be able to see you,\" Mr. Kinling mused out loud as he stepped closer to the girls, squinting his eyes tightly. Violet giggled lightly. \"They're around your neck, Mister Kinling.\" The old man looked down, saw them, and laughed along. \"Oh, yes! There they are! I've been foraging for them all morning.\" Mister Kinling put the glasses on and looked back at the girls. \"Ah, Violet Dryson!\" Violet leaned forward and hugged the ancient librarian. \"You look so grown up! I remember seeing you just last week when your parents brought you and your twin to check out books for your tenth birthday.\" \"Um, Mister Kinling, that was eight years ago. Aden and I are both eighteen now.\" \"Eighteen? Am I really that old?\" The old man scratched his head thoughtfully. Violet rolled her eyes in kind amusement, knowing that when the librarian got into his thinking mode, it took a while to get him out of it. \"Mister Kinling, this is Dawn.\" Miranda curtsied automatically and nodded her head slightly. She had been raised to always curtsy when meeting elders or pretty much just anybody older than her, so it was practically embedded in her brain. \"Her parents are merchants and she's visiting and she was just dying to come see the library. Would you mind if we looked around a little bit?\" \"What? Oh-oh yes. Of course. Look around as long as you please,\" Mr. Kinling stuttered, distracted by his pondering. \"Thank you. Come on, Dawn.\" Violet began to walk into the heart of the library. \"It was nice to meet you, sir,\" Miranda added before she left to follow the blonde. Violet stopped in front of the main section and turned around to address Miranda. \"Okay, I'm going to go look around for the art books, specifically those on poetry and/or painting. You go look around, have fun, and I'll come find you when I'm finished.\" With that, Violet spun on her heel and went off in search of the art section. Miranda let out a deep breath and began her own book hunt. At first, she simply wandered, absent-mindedly running her fingers over worn titles that she already recognized from the palace library. This library was beautiful, though. It was made of warm colored wood and had a fire going in the brick fireplace in the corner. The books were organized so meticulously that Miranda almost felt unworthy standing in their presence. Now, on to finding those spellbooks. Suddenly, something tickled her senses. \" Princess ... come \" a voice whispered in her ear. Miranda turned to the right and saw a trail of gree colored magical residue going up on old wooden staircase that she hadn't noticed until then. She looked around to make sure that Violet wasn't nearby and then followed the trail up the stairs. Sure enough, the magic had a source. Waiting at the top of the stairs was the magical barrier blocking the books that Miranda wanted. The gate pulsed with magical energy so strong and powerful that Miranda was practically pushed back by it. \"Focus, girl! You only have a few minutes to get in and check it out before Violet finds you!\" Miranda mentally reminded herself. She knew that she needed an unlocking spell. But that was a basic spell. This type of lock would need a more complex charm, wouldn't it? \" Oh well, let me just test what I know .\" One thing that Miranda did know from her training was that opening tended to use more solar magic while closing leaned more towards lunar magic. So she held her hands out in front of her, took a deep breath, and, in a soft voice, recited, \" Recludere !\" Golden magic sparkled from her fingertips and circled around the gate. Slowly, the lock clicked and the gate creaked open. Miranda walked in without hesitation. She was in heaven! Hundreds of forbidden books on magic and all the things that Miranda had been dying to learn about all her life. In the center of the room were two separate pedestals, one cut out of wood and painted gold, the other carved out of metal and colored silver. On the silver pedestal was a thick black leather book that Miranda could tell was a spellbook by the electric aura surrounding it. (AN sorry for the interruption. WARNING! The following part is slightly stolen from The Chroniclea of Narnina: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader movie, which I do not own) The witch-in-training approached the magical book and blew off the heavy layer of dust that accumulated on it. Suddenly, the book opened on its own and the pages ruffled. Miranda threw her hand down on the book, stopping it at a random page. It was about different types of powers. She found her power classifications easily. Moon: Power over darkness and gravity. Able to darken any room, channel lunar energy, become invisible, levitate, lift heavy objects, and summon objects out of thin air. Tend to have silver colored magic, silver eyes, and quiet, negative personalities. Sun: Power over light and heat. Able to use concentrated sunbeams, channel solar energy, blind opponents, and increase temperature (often used to melt objects). Tend to have gold colored magic, gold eyes, and bright, upbeat personalities. Miranda tried to take it all in. She could control gravity and blind people?! She lifed her hand off the book page for a moment and the pages once again started flipping crazily again. Miranda slapped her hand back down again, this time finding an actual spell. She read the description of the spell. Duplicate Spell In order to create a perfect duplicate of thyself, stand before a mirror and recite the following incantantion: Channeling the power of the moon in the night, I call on my reflection to come to the light, Exit thy mirror as I summon thou to me, So that thou are what others may see. \"Dawn?\" Violet echoed. Miranda cursed under her breath. She only had a max of two minutes before Violet found her, but she couldn't just carry a giant spellbook around all day. But nobody would notice a small piece of paper. The princess tore the spell out of the book, folded it, and stuck it in the waist band of her skirt. Miranda was about to leave and lock the gated room when the book on the other pedestal caught her attention. It was big, but it wasn't a spellbook. The girl looked at the cover. It was a brown book with actual gold corners and its title it beautiful gold cursive: THE HISTORY OF THE LAND OF OZ Miranda opened the book toward the end and saw that it still had blank pages, and the last page with writing on it wasn't complete. It was like the book wasn't finished yet. Miranda gasped at what she realized. Because it wasn't finished! It was was writing itself and it hadn't finished the story yet! Miranda flipped through the pages. The table of contents had called the newest section \"King Oz the Great and Powerful\". Miranda saw pictures of hot air balloons, flying monkeys (who looked nothing like Finley), fireworks, so many random things. But looking more closely, they didn't seem quite as random. One page had a picture of her mother connected with pictures of two other women, all three together forming a circular pattern. Glinda was in a white and silver dress, gold crown, and star-shaped wand in hand, looking exactly the same as she did to that day. Behind the queen was a rainbow, contrasting the otherwise white background. The first of the two women was rather attractive and had brownish black hair, very dark brown eyes, and fair skin. Her hair was pinned with a black and green feather ornament and she was wearing a black dress with a black bejeweled bodice, sheer black sleeves, and black and green feathers on the shoulders and around the back of the collar. Around the woman's neck was a golden necklace with a green jewel in the center. This woman's picture had a green background decorated with a couple bolts of bright green lightning. The second woman, who was clearly the youngest of the three, was absolutely beautiful. She had dark brown hair, hazel eyes, and perfect skin. Her hair was tied up in a bun underneath a dark pink/red hat with a very wide brim. Her clothes were far more simple than those of the other two: a loose white blouse, a black belt, and a dark pink/red jacket. Even if Miranda could see what the woman was wearing for bottoms (which she couldn't because the pictures were only made from the waist up), she still would have guessed they were pants rather than a skirt. The woman was wearing a gold ring with a red gem right in the center. The background for her picture was red with flames. These must have been Glinda's sisters, Miranda's aunts, but how?! Miranda turned the page and got her answer, but it was so horrifying that the teenager slammed the page back down. She calmed her breathing and then slowly turned the page again. Glinda's picture hadn't changed, but the woman in the black dress was replaced by a hideous old hag with no necklace and the woman in the red hat was... Miranda gasped and bit her cheek to hold back her scream. It was the green-skinned witch from the village! This book told the real story. It held all the knowledge that Miranda needed to discover about her land. \"Dawn?! How did you get in here?! The gate-\" Violet stammered in a freaked voice. \"Um, I pushed?\" Miranda lied, shrugging her shoulders as she held her hands out to the side. \"Y-you shouldn't be in here! I shouldn't be in here! We shouldn't be in here! Come on! We have to get out of here before Mister Kinling finds us and we get thrown in prison forever!\" Violet frantically and forcefully grabbed Miranda's arm and tried to pull her away. \"Violet, wait!\" Miranda exclaimed as she yanked her arm out of the other girl's grip. \"What?!\" The blonde whipped her head around and Miranda could see the fear in her purple eyes. Miranda rushed back over to the gold pedestal and picked up the history book. \"Look at this book!\" \"The History of the Land of Oz?! We've all read it!\" \"I don't think you've read this version. Just listen.\" Miranda opened the book to the beginning and began to read out loud, \"Once upon a time...\" Sorry to cut off there, but I still need a little more time to figure out the history. I'm coming up with it from scratch and that's a teeny bit difficult. Again, I apologize for the late update, thank you for putting up with me, and don't forget to review![Chapter 9] Merry Christmas y'all! As I begin to write this, I am at home recovering from having my wisdom teeth removed. Talk about fun...not! Thank you reviewers and time to get on with the History of Oz (please don't get upset if you don't like it because I am coming up with it from scratch). Disclaimer: I own my take on Oz's history and the only way I would own the rest would be if Santa gave it to me for Christmas {o}two days until full moon- village library{o} Miranda rushed back over to the golden pedestal and picked up the history book. \"Look at this book!\" \"The History of the Land of Oz?! We've all read it!\" \"I don't think you've read this version. Just listen.\" Miranda opened the book to the beginning and began to read out loud, \"Once upon a time...\" Once upon a time, Oz appeared out of nothing. The land, the people, the creatures, the magic...all from nothing. Everything simply appeared. Oz's first king was known as King Elijah the Just, the Good Wizard of Balance. His generosity and fairness were famous throughout the land. He worked on numerous projects to unite Oz, including the construction of the Emerald village library, Oz's homeless shelters, Oz's school system, and Oz's police force. However, Elijah's efforts to bring the kingdom together met resistance from his four sons, who only succeeded in dividing Oz. The four sons each wanted to rule the land by themselves with all of their father's magic. Prince Alessandro the Fire-Born controlled the deserts of the West. Prince Tritannus the Water-Born controlled the shores of the East. Prince Brennan the Land-Born controlled the forests of the South. Prince Orion the Air-Born controlled the mountains of the North. The princes' ravenous desire to control Oz resulted in the First Great War that lasted for hundreds of years. It finally ended after the home of a woman in the outskirts of the Emerald City was burned down by the princes' soldiers, killing the woman's entire family. Filled with hatred, the woman cursed the day the princes were born and cursed their descendents. As soon as the curse left the mouth of the furious woman, all four princes died instantly, ending the war forever. The princes' wives died as well and only one of them, Prince Brennan, the kindest of his brothers, had a child. Queen Mytica the Seer, the Good Witch of Myth, ascended to the throne at the age of eleven. However, Mytica was wise beyond her years. She returned Oz to what it was before the war and established peace across the land. Mytica rebuilt the royal palace along with the capital city in the exact center of Oz and renamed it the Emerald City, due to the fact that it was constructed entirely out of gold and emerald. Years later, after she married King Lyson, as she gave birth to her first and only child, Mytica had a vision. Mytica saw Oz in ruins as an evil witch watched, the moon covering the sun behind her. From that day forth, eclipses were days of danger and caution. Marriages and births on the days of an eclipse led to cursed lives. Mytica and Lyson's son, King Arthur the Good, the Good Wizard of Life, took over after his parents wanted to settle down. Arthur's reign was as peaceful as those of his mother and great grandfather. After many years, Arthur's wife, Queen Dorothea, gave birth to their first of three daughters, the other two following in the coming years. Princess Evanora the Proud, the Witch of Storm, was well known for her pride and ambition throughout her Eastern realm. Princess Glinda the Gentle, the Witch of Mist, watched over the South and was beloved by the people of the land. Princess Theodora the Warm-Hearted, the Witch of Fire, had a reputation in Oz as the sister with the best intentions, but a hot temper. Unfortunately, the kind Queen Dorothea passed away before the princesses had much time with her. Eventually, Evanora's ambition got the better of her and she murdered the aging King Arthur after he gave her the position of Emerald City's protector and royal advisor. The eldest sister was aware that Glinda knew the truth behind Arthur's death and Evanora framed Glinda for the crime. Glinda fled to her Southern realm and Evanora fooled the rest of Oz, including Theodora, into believing that Glinda was a wicked witch. Evanora never took over Oz as queen, but her position as royal advisor gave her rule of the land. However, Theodora clung to the belief that Mytica's first prophecy that a great wizard would come down from the sky and save the land from the wicked witch would be fulfilled. Oscar Diggs, later known as King Oz the Great and Powerful, was a stage magician from Kansas who arrived in Oz in a hot air balloon through a tornado. Theodora found Oz and brought him to the Emerald City. Evanora convinced Oscar to kill Glinda in exchange for the royal throne. On his journey, though, Oscar realized that Evanora was the true wicked witch and plotted with Glinda to remove Evanora from power. Meanwhile, Evanora used a magic apple to turn Theodora into a wicked witch as well, driven by Theodora's heartbreak-turned-hatred for Oscar. A battle ensued between the armies of the Emerald City and the average citizens of Glinda's realm. Using special effects, Oscar faked his death to defeat the wicked witches, banishing the hag-like Evanora to the East and the enraged Theodora to the West. King Oz's true identity is known by few, and the rest believe him to be an invincible spirit of a wizard. Oz and Glinda married and had one daughter, Princess Miranda the Mysterious, the Good Witch of the Moon and Sun. Miranda was born on the second anniversary of the victory against the wicked witches, on a solar eclipse. She showed powers at a very young age, using magic to defend herself when Theodora returned and attempted to kidnap her as an infant. Ever since, Miranda had been kept inside the palace walls. Being born as a witch on a solar eclipse, Miranda most likely will fulfill Mytica's vision and destroy Oz during the solar eclipse on her eighteenth birthday, the day when her powers will be most powerful. Miranda put the book down. She and Violet remained silent. \"Wait, so King Oz is a fake?!\" Violet exclaimed. \"I guess so,\" Miranda mumbled. \"But we have to promise each other that we won't tell anybody! It'll be our secret, deal?\" Miranda held out her pinky. Violet took a deep breath, but finally joined her pinky with Miranda's. \"Great! Now, I'm more curious about the curse thing. Just because Queen Mytica had a vision hundreds of years ago that a witch would destroy Oz on an eclipse doesn't necessarily mean that the princess will definitely go evil, right?!\" Miranda questioned. \"I'm not sure. Visions and prophecies are normally pretty accurate...but I guess if she is really the Good Witch of the Moon and Sun then we should have nothing to worry about,\" Violet pondered. \"Ok good!\" Miranda replied with a sigh of relief. The two girls just sat on the floor of the library's forbidden section for the next few minutes, trying to absorb what they had just read. Their session of silence was interrupted by the sounds of the bells on the front door of the library. \"Hello, Mister Kinling,\" Aden's voice echoed. \"Do you know where my sister Violet and her friend Dawn are?\" \"Violet? Dawn?\" the old librarian repeated. The girls could practically hear him scratching his head in thought. \"Ah yes. Last I saw them, they headed for the main room.\" \"Thank you, sir,\" Aden responded politely before he went to search for the girls. \"Hurry, we gotta get outta here!\" Violet squealed as she scrambled to her feet, grabbed Miranda's arm, and dragged her out of the room. They left so quickly that Miranda just barely had enough time to magically reseal the gate to the forbidden section. They had forgotten to return the history book to its pedestal, though. The two girls reached the bottom of the stairs just as Aden stepped out from the art section. \"Oh there you are! I was wondering which area you had wandered off to. Did you enjoy yourself, Dawn?\" Aden asked with a smile. \"Oh very much so, thank you,\" Miranda answered, trying to cover up her panting. \"Well come on then. I got us some doughnuts straight from the oven.\" \"Great, I'm starving!\" Miranda noticed that a smart mouth comment was missing from the conversation. \"Hey, where's Nick?\" she asked with a furrowed brow. Violet noticed that some of the light in Aden's eyes faded as Miranda brought up Nick, but he hid his disappointment with a chuckle as he answered, \"I think Nick's outside flirting with some girl.\" They rushed to the window and, indeed, Nick was hitting on a pretty girl with long black hair and a pink dress. \"Is that Brynn?\" Violet questioned, trying her hardest not to laugh. \"Ooh Nick's done it now!\" \"What do you mean?\" Miranda replied in confusion. \"That!\" Violet responded as she pointed at a man coming around the street. The man had his brown hair shaved into a buzzcut and he had very strong facial features. He was tall, muscular, and looked like he could rip a tree out of the ground if he wanted to. \"Who's that?\" \"Brynn's boyfriend, Vance Strong, a violent hulk who would kill a guy for even thinking about flirting with Brynn. I hope Nick has a will,\" Aden joked. \"Uh oh! I think Vance sees them! Look away!\" All three teens turned away as they heard multiple cusses, squeals, and punches. One the noise stopped, they turned around to see Vance and Brynn walking away arm in arm. Nick was nowhere to be seen. The three young adults thanked Mr. Kinling and left the library. They crossed the street to a large tree in between two cottages where Nick and Brynn had been. \"Nick? Nick, you there? It's safe now! Vance and Brynn are gone! You can come out now!\" Aden called out. They heard leaves rustle above them as Nick dropped down from one of the tree's low branches. He had a red mark on his arm but no other sign of physical damage. \"Thank Oz! That gorilla was about to pummel me!\" Nick panted. \"Well maybe you shouldn't flirt with his girlfriend,\" Miranda suggested. \"Hmm...nah! Brynn's a hottie! I just have to wait for the right moment to make my move.\" \"And by right moment you mean a time when Vance isn't within hearing distance,\" Violet guessed. \"Exactly!\" Nick confirmed. Violet and Aden rolled their eyes, sat down on the rocks behind the tree, and began to set up lunch. \"And until then, how about I make my move on a certain someone else,\" Nick whispered in Miranda's ear. \"Maybe some other time...like never!\" Miranda shot down as she pushed the player boy an arm's distance away and started to head over to the brother and sister. Nick stepped in her way and pushed her farther from the tree. \"Oh come on, Dawn. I want to give myself to you.\" \"Sorry, I don't accept cheap gifts,\" Miranda snapped before she stepped around him and sat down with the twins. \"That was one of my best pick-up lines,\" Nick murmured to himself in disbelief before he relented and joined the rest of the group. Sorry about the shortish history and the slight Nick-bashing. Nick is just one of those cocky guys with a ginormous ego that needs to be downsized a bit, just like another guy I know...whose name also happens to be Nick. Gee, what a coincidence! Sorry, back to you. This Nick will eventually learn that honesty and loyalty attract a girl a lot better than pick-up lines. I know this chapter didn't seem all that busy, but action, magic, and a green-skinned witch are coming up after these messages (or really just as soon as I update my other stories)! Review! Review! Review! Review! Review! Review! Review! Review! Review! Review! Review! Review! Review! Review! Review! Review![Chapter 10] Hey y'all! Sorry it's been so long. Ever since February, I've been swamped with homework, pre-cheer practices, dance classes, rehearsals for the Distinguished Young Women competition (and no it is not just your regular beauty pagaent), and study sessions for the SAT and my AP classes. Talk about extracurricular activities! On top of that, my southern school was too stupid to build snow days into our schedule, so we instead of four or five class periods every day, we have to spend two weeks with all six class periods every day, which means my work load will be even worse. Also, they're taking a day and a half off of our Easter break. So we students have to suffer just because some idiot decided that he/she could predict the weather and a lack of snow! Sorry about the rant, I'm just a frustrated high school junior whose third biggest pet peeve is stupidity. Oh, and thank you reviewers, Goldenalaska, Queen Sea, and Soccer16star2015, but especially the guest reviewer who reminded me to update. Also, I changed the timeline again so that saying \"day of full moon\" means Miranda's birthday. Disclaimer- the only reason I even bother to put this is so I don't get sent to jail because that would look very bad on a college application {o}two days until full moon- village gates{o} \"So, Dawn, will you be back again tomorrow?\" Violet asked as she, Nick, and Aden walked Miranda to the edge of the town. \"I don't know...\" Miranda replied unsurely. \"My parents were pretty determined that two days was the absolute longest time we could stay.\" The three teenagers' faces darkened. \"Oh...okay,\" Violet murmured. \"Well...see you next time you visit. Bye.\" Violet turned and slowly walked down the worn path to the village square. Part way down, she turned back around and ran up to throw her arms around the princess in a surprise hug. \"Come back soon,\" she whispered. \"I will,\" Miranda promised as she returned Violet's hug. When Violet broke away, Miranda could see the tears forming in her purple eyes. Violet then grabbed Aden's arm and pulled him away, stopping when they were just out of earshot. \"I'll deny this if you ever repeat it, but hanging out with a girl who could make up good comebacks to my pick up lines wasn't half bad,\" Nick admitted. \"Really?\" Miranda questioned, her curiosity piqued by Nick's confession. \"Yeah, it taught me that I need new pick up lines!\" Nick responded cheekily. Miranda brought her hand to her forehead and looked down. \" So close !\" she thought bitterly. \"Or that maybe you should try to get a girl's attention by paying attention to her instead of how she looks?\" Nick stayed silent. \"I mean look at Violet.\" Miranda and Nick turned their heads toward Violet and saw her having a whispered argument with her brother. \"She obviously sees something in you that nobody else can.\" \"Really?\" Nick asked in an uncharacteristically quiet voice. \"Really. I can see it in her eyes every time you flirt with another girl. Sure, on the outside she's joking about it, but on the inside she's hurting. Obviously she cares for you but she's too shy to tell you that.\" \"How do you know that?\" \"Seeing through people's masks is something I've been able to do,\" Miranda answered smoothly, leaving out the fact that she learned it from her conman daddy. Nick sighed as he glanced back over at his best friend's twin sister. \"And all these years I thought she just hung out with me because of Aden.\" \"I suspect it started that way, maybe with a little girl crush, until the three of you became so close that she didn't want to ruin the friendship, both your's and Aden's.\" \"I never even thought about it that way.\" \"That's because you were too busy chasing down every pretty girl with a pulse to consider Violet's feelings,\" Miranda snapped. Her expression then softened after she realized how harsh she sounded. \"Look Nick, I'm sure that underneath that thick, thick head you have a good heart...you just need to show it more often.\" \"Will that impress Violet?\" Nick asked, his voice showing that he actually did have a soft spot for the blonde village girl. Miranda nodded. \"Thanks Dawn. I owe you.\" \"I will accept a hug without a line after it as payment,\" Miranda teased. Nick broke into a genuine grin and they shared a friendly hug. Nick stepped away and walked in Violet's direction. Miranda watched as Violet pushed Aden in the opposite direction, her lips forming the words \" Do it !\" Aden shuffled over to the brunette witch-in-training, his ears red as he seemed to take a strong interest in the dust on his boots. \"Dawn, I need to talk to you about something.\" Miranda took a deep breath. \"Me too,\" she replied. \"But you go first.\" \"Um,\" Aden nervously turned his head toward his sister. Violet responded with a pointed look, her eyes screaming \" Just tell her already !\" \"I just wanted to tell you that I-\" Miranda held her breath, the curiosity burning inside her. \"Dawn!\" a girl called out from behind Miranda. \"I know that voice! It's Beatrice!\" Miranda thought. She decided to pretend she didn't hear Beatrice calling. \"Dawn!\" Beatrice tried again. \"Ignore her, Aden. What were you about to say?\" \"DAWN!\" the girl hollered loudly. Miranda took a deep breath, put on a fake smile, and said, \"Excuse me just one second.\" Miranda turned around and stalked over to where her redheaded chamber maid was standing. \"What?!\" Miranda hissed. Beatrice was dressed in her black short-sleeved servant's dress except without the white apron. She was still wearing her black heeled mary janes, but she had taken the frilled white maid hairpiece out of her short dark red curls. \"I'm so sorry to interrupt, your highness. Um, your parents sent me to come find you,\" Beatrice stammered in a whisper. \"We really need to go. Your parents said six o'clock and it's already six fifteen. If I don't return you to the palace in the next ten minutes, I'll be fired and your parents will send out the royal guards to fetch you.\" \"Okay, okay, I get your point. Just give me a minute.\" Miranda's tone left no room for argument. Beatrice nodded and stepped back. Miranda sighed and returned to her friends, not wanting to waste her last precious sixty seconds of regular teenager life. \"Dawn, who was that?\" \"And why was she dressed in a palace maid uniform?\" By this point, Violet and Nick rejoined Aden and all three were waiting for Miranda. \"Oh, that was my, uh, cousin Beatrice. She works as a palace servant to help support my aunt and uncle's farm. Sorry about that. My parents are super overprotective,\" Miranda joked as she turned her attention and her head back toward Aden. \"It's fine. I only wish we could have spent more time together. I really wanted to get to know you better. I feel like I barely know anything about you, but at the same time, I feel like I've known you my whole life.\" Miranda felt terrible. Standing right in front of her and saying good bye to her was a boy who was cute, sweet, romantic, and totally honest with her...but what hurt the most was that she couldn't be with him. Aden was saying this to Dawn, the regular daugther of regular visiting merchants, not Miranda, the Princess of Oz and witch of the moon and sun. Then and there, Miranda decided that she would not follow the cliche teenage angsty romance plotline. She would see Aden again, even if it meant she had to sneak out of the Emerald City palace. \"I will be back, Aden.\" \"Do you mean it?\" the red haired boy asked earnestly. \"With all my heart,\" Miranda promised as she raised a hand to his cheek. Aden smiled and Miranda smiled back. They started to lean in. \"Dawn, it's been a minute! We really have to go now!\" Beatrice pleaded. Miranda sighed, knowing that she was not going to win this argument. \"Bye Aden.\" \"Bye Dawn.\" Miranda walked over to join Beatrice at the Emerald City gates. She waved goodbye to her friends and they waved back. Miranda watched as the gates closed on her life outside the palace. {o}two days until full moon- Emerald City throne room{o} \"Hi Mom. Hi Dad,\" Miranda said quickly as she rushed past the throne room, keeping her head down and the left side of her face hidden from their view. \"Miranda!\" Oz called out in a warning tone. \"Come back here!\" Miranda backed up to the entrance of the throne room, her swollen cheek still hidden from sight. Out of her right eye, she could see her parents by the throne and Finley and Dolly at their sides. Clearly the latter two had been there keeping Oz under control. Oz stood up from his throne. \"You have a lot of explaining to do, young lady! You just waltzed in thirty minutes late and all you have to say is 'hi'?! Your mother and I were worried sick about you! We were about to send out the royal guards!\" \"I'm sorry, Dad!\" Miranda exclaimed without turning her head toward her parents. \"I was just having fun with my friends and lost track of time.\" \"That is no excuse and you know it!\" Oz snapped. \"Do you know how-\" \"Oz,\" Glinda interrupted. \"Miranda, turn around.\" Miranda sighed and moved to face them. The king and queen gasped. \"Finley, go fetch the nursemaid! Tell her to wait in Princess Miranda's room!\" Oz ordered. The winged monkey hurried out of the throne room and flew toward the kitchen. \"Miranda what happened?! Who did this to you?!\" Oz demanded. \"Dad, it's nothing! I just ran into something!\" \"Miranda-\" Glinda started. \"It's nothing, Mom, I'm fine!\" the witch-in-training insisted. The look on her parents' faces told her that a simple \"I'm fine\" was not going to be enough this time. \"Okay, okay, I had a run-in with the village bully. But don't worry, I left him with a broken hand and bare feet.\" \"I would say I'm impressed, but that would not be the fatherly thing to say,\" Oz replied, feeling a lot better knowing that his daughter walked away with a lot less damage than the bully. \"Miranda, we're just relieved that you are safe,\" Glinda added. \"Now, go to your room and Helga will treat that cheek.\" \"Yes ma'am,\" Miranda said with a nod. \"Oh, and how is that coronation speech coming?\" \"It's...coming,\" Miranda answered nervously. She had been so distracted by her time in the village that she forgot all about writing her speech. Glinda chuckled softly. \"How about you finish it tonight before you go to bed?\" \"Sure.\" Suddenly, Miranda had a light bulb moment. \"Wait, can I finish it tomorrow morning, instead? I'm really wiped out.\" \"That sounds reasonable. I will send a message to the dressmaker and tell her to delay your fitting until three o'clock.\" \"Thanks Mom. I love you both.\" Miranda hugged her parents and gave them each a kiss on the cheek before she headed to the stairs. \"I'll have Beatrice bring up your dinner,\" Oz called up. \"Thank you!\" Oz and Glinda stayed silent for a moment before Oz spoke up. \"She's hiding something.\" \"Oscar, just because Miranda is a teenager does not mean she is keeping secrets.\" \"Actually, it means exactly that.\" So that's day two in the village. Remember that spell she tore out of the book? Let's just say that's gonna come in handy in the next chapter. That's all I'm telling you! *laughs evilly* Sorry. In fact, I'm not even sure about the details myself. Remeber that reviews make me update faster.[Chapter 11] Hey y'all! You're looking at one of the top five smartest students in my junior class! Why, might you ask? Because I made cum laude as a junior! Also, remember that Distinguished Young Women competition that I mentioned in an author's note in chapter 10? Even if you don't remember that, I'll have you know that I won the scholastic part of the contest and came in third place overall :)! Sorry, just felt like having a bragging moment! Now, on to my equally outstanding reviewers: Summer Jackson, WinterHourglass, Queen Sea, Guest, Guest, Guest, and Guest. And special thanks to WinterHourglass for helping me through my writer's stump. I hope this double-length chapter makes up for my update gap. Disclaimer: bill, bill, college letter, bill, magazine, college letter, magazine...well, since I did not find the rights to Oz in the mail today, I guess I don't own it. {o}one day until full moon- Princess Miranda's bedroom{o} \"Perfect,\" Miranda said to her reflection in the mirror. After Helga had cleaned up Miranda's swollen cheek the night before, the young princess had turned in early. The next morning, Miranda had woken up around seven, grabbed some breakfast from the kitchens, and immediately put her do-not-disturb sign on her door handle. Even though Glinda had moved the dress-fitting until three in the afternoon so Miranda could write her coronation speech, the witch-in-training did not want to risk having a servant walk in and ruin the plan. At the moment, Miranda was dressed differently than she had been the previous two days. She was wearing a mix of her regular casual clothes and acceptable village clothes. Miranda wore a strapped sundress that was white at the top with a ruffle at the neckline and changed to a purple floral print right above her waist. The dress reached her mid-thighs and she paired it with her black combat boots, which matched her black nail polish. Her hair was tied up in a messy bun and her lipgloss tinted her lips a light beige color. For once, Miranda was not wearing eye makeup. She had figured out the charm to make her eyes blue, but it still wasn't as strong as her mom's charm and Miranda did not want to draw extra attention to her eyes. Once she was satisfied with her appearance, Miranda grabbed a folded piece of paper from underneath her pillow. She stepped back in front of the mirror, looked at the paper, and began to recite the words. \" Channeling the power of the moon in the night, I call on my reflection to come to the light, Exit thy mirror as I summon thou to me, So that thou are what others may see .\" Miranda snapped her eyes up from the paper as she read the last word and was greeted by an exploding cascade of silver magic. The trademark silver sparkles of moon magic danced around the mirror's rim before literally lifting Miranda's reflection from the other side of the mirror and carrying the image to stand right in front of the real princess. \"Wow, I am good!\" Miranda remarked proudly after inspecting her work. \"Oz will bow down to my awesomeness!\" she proclaimed in a deep voice. But she couldn't hold a straight face saying that, so she burst into laughter. After Miranda calmed down, she began to circle around her mirror image. \"Hmm,\" she mused before poking the duplicate in the shoulder. Fake Miranda immediately crumpled to the floor. \"Okay, maybe I'm not so awesome after all. Where's that spell? \" Miranda picked up the forgotten page from the floor and scanned over it. At the very bottom of the page, in teeny tiny letters, was a warning. The duplicate created by this spell will be nothing more than a puppet. It cannot think, speak, move, or react on its own. \"Seriously?! I'm the daughter of a conman and I didn't even think to read the fine print?! Ugh!\" Miranda flung the paper across the room. She crossed her arms over her chest and pouted like a little girl. \"Stupid spell,\" she grumbled. Suddenly, a knocking came from the door. \"Miranda? Are you alright?\" \"Um, just a second, Mom!\" Miranda shoved the spell under her pillow and dragged the motionless duplicate into her closet. She just had time to slam her closet doors shut and plop down on the edge of her bed before Glinda opened the bedroom door. \"Hi Mom,\" Miranda greeted in a chipper voice. \"Miranda, is everything okay? I thought I heard a ruckus.\" \"A ruckus? No! I was just...talking to myself.\" Miranda hoped her mother wouldn't notice the flickering enchantment on her eyes. \"Are you making much progress on your speech?\" Glinda asked. \"Let's just say I'll be busy until my fitting.\" \"In that case, would you like me to send Beatrice up later with some lunch?\" \"No thanks, Mom. I'll just call down if I get hungry.\" Glinda looked uncertain, but did not object. \"Well, if you insist. I love you, sweetheart.\" \"Love you, too, Mom.\" The queen gently closed the door and Miranda sighed in relief. \"Phase one complete. Now on to phase two.\" Miranda rushed over to her desk and pulled out a few pieces of parchment to lay on the desk. Then she grabbed fake Miranda and sat her in the desk chair in front of the paper. The witch placed a quill in the duplicate's hand and angled her so that anybody who might ignore the do-not-disturb sign and enter the room would only see the girl's back. \"Now for the fun part.\" Miranda pushed aside her bookcase to reveal a small wooden door. She had found this hidden passage when she was twelve after reading about the history of the Emerald City in the castle library. However, this was the first time Miranda was using the tunnel to actually leave the palace. Usually she only used it to hide from her tutor. \"Stay out of trouble, me!\" Miranda ordered as she draped her blue cloak over her shoulders. \"No throwing any parties while I'm gone!\" Miranda crawled through the entrance to the passageway and stood up when she reached the central chamber. Miranda summoned a small orb of sun to light the way as she walked along the familiar tunnel. The sound of her boots on the emerald floor echoed throughout the passage. After a few minutes, she reached the staircase that led to the secret exit into the palace gardens. At the bottom of the stairs was a dead end...to most. Miranda pressed her hand into the emerald wall. As soon as she removed her hand, a gilded imprint of her hand glistened on the wall and a golden outline of a door began to materialize. Miranda smirked as the outlined section of wall vanished. However, before she set foot outside, Miranda needed to make sure she wouldn't get caught. Miranda clasped her hands and pushed all thoughts from her mind. \" Lunaris !\" the princess whispered. Just like before, she became invisible. Miranda quietly crept across the gardens, occassionally ducking behind bushes so palace guards wouldn't run into her. Unfortunately, the downside to not having a power channeler was that if she lost focus, even for a second, her magic would fizzle. Miranda remembered that when she stopped to laugh at a guard who tripped and fell into a flower bed after staring at one of the maids. The incident caused Miranda to forget about what she was doing and her transparent form to ripple momentarily. \" Focus, Andy! Don't get distracted by - wait! Was that Beatrice?! \" Miranda thought. She ducked behind a bush where, even if she became visible, she wouldn't be seen. Miranda looked back toward the maid and her theory was confirmed. The redheaded maid continued walking toward the kitchen, completely oblivious of the guard who obviously had a thing for her. The guard held out a hand and opened his mouth as if he was about to call out to Beatrice, but he gave up and buried his head in the flowers. \" Hmm, I must investigate this further ,\" Miranda noted mentally. \" Eh, I'll do it later. First, I gotta get out of this garden before somebody steps on me .\" Miranda managed to reach the ornate golden walls of the palace without any more fizzles. Once there, she climbed the wall and jumped down from the other side. Unfortunately, just like in every work of fiction, Miranda did not escape without leaving something behind. {o}one day until full moon- village square{o} The village seemed much more festive than it had in the past two days. Miranda could barely squeeze by with all of the people hanging up banners and carrying around food and decorations. Suddenly, a figure in a hooded cloak shouldered Miranda. \"Oops, excuse me,\" Miranda apologized as she glanced toward the person. The witch did not get a good look at his or her face, but he or she got a good look at Miranda's, especially her flickering eyes. \" Rude much?! \" Miranda thought bitterly. The figure lumbered off without so much as a word. Miranda continued staring after the figure, but he or she seemed to vanish in the crowd. \"Is that Dawn?!\" Violet questioned out loud as she placed her freshly-decorated cake on the window ledge of the Dryson family bakery. \"You're probably just seeing things, Vi,\" Aden dismissed glumly as he kept his eyes on the floor he was sweeping. \"Dawn's gone and she's not coming back.\" However, when Miranda turned in their direction, Violet knew she was right. \"Dawn! Aden, look! It's Dawn!\" Violet exclaimed. She ripped off her apron and ran out the door. \"Violet, come back!\" Aden dropped his broom and bolted after his twin. Violet ignored her brother as she managed to carve her way through the crowd and basically tackle Miranda to the ground in a hug. Miranda cried out as she was attacked by the excited blonde. \"I knew you'd come back! I just knew it!\" Violet squealed. Miranda chuckled. \"It's nice to see you, too, Vi. Now can you please get off of me?\" \"Oops, sorry!\" Violet stood up to give the brunette girl a chance to breathe. Miranda sat up and took a breath to reinflate her lungs. \"Need a hand?\" Aden asked as he held a hand out to her. Miranda took his hand and allowed him to pull her up. \"Thanks,\" she said with a gracious smile. \"Dawn?! Is that you?!\" Nick questioned in disbelief as he approached the others. He had been attending a customer in his dad's woodworking shop when he saw the Dryson twins tearing down the street and followed them to see what was the commotion. \"Cuz you look-\" Nick was about to finish that sentence with \"hot\", but a knowing glare from Miranda made him change his mind. \"Nice. You look very nice, Dawn,\" Nick complimented genuinely Violet and Aden raised their eyebrows in shock, but neither commented. \"Thank you,\" Miranda said with a nod. The boy was learning already. \"Not that we aren't happy to see you, but what are you doing here?\" Aden inquired. \"I thought your parents were dead-set on being gone by today?\" \"They were. I, uh, snuck out,\" Miranda answered bashfully as she rubbed the back of her neck. \"I just needed a little more freedom before it's back to snoozesville.\" \"Then let's go to the bakery!\" Violet suggested brightly. \"Mama and Papa got a message yesterday evening asking if they would bake the cake for Princess Miranda's birthday celebration this year! I didn't even think the king and queen knew our bakery existed.\" Miranda was actually behind the whole thing, but feigned surprise. After eating the Dryson's doughnuts the day before, Miranda begged her parents to let the Dryson bakery supply her cake. Normally the cake was provided by some stuck-up pastry chef whose food was beautiful on the outside, but tasted only half as good as the Dryson's. \"Do you wanna come do some taste-testing, Dawn?\" Violet offered. \"Sure! I love free dessert!\" So the four teenagers walked toward the Dryson family bakery, all troubles forgotten. However, none of them noticed the hooded figure still lurking in the crowd, never more than a few yards behind them. {o}one day until full moon- Emerald City throne room{o} \"Hmm, gold would showcase Miranda's light and cheerful side...but silver would really highlight her wise and mysterious side. Then again, green is the traditional color for Oz royalty. Oz, what do you think?\" Glinda was currently debating over the fabrics the dressmaker had brought for Miranda's dress. Dolly was helping the enchantress decide. Oz, however, was in floating head mode, but his head was staring off into the distance. \"Oz!\" \"Agh!\" Oz grunted as he was yanked off his train of thought. \"What?!\" \"Lucille, would you mind giving us a moment?\" Glinda requested. \"Of course, Your Highness,\" the dressmaker replied. She curtsied and exited the throne room. As soon as the coast was clear, Glinda glided over to the gilded rope next to the throne and tugged it. The door to Oz's special effects room opened to reveal a distracted father. He didn't even bother to look away from the projector. \"Oscar, you could at least pay a little more attention to your daughter's birthday.\" \"I'm a little more focused on other things right now,\" Oz muttered with his chin resting on his hands. \"Oz, I know you do not want Miranda to grow up, but she cannot be your little girl forever.\" The wizard stood up in his special effects booth and shuffled out with his head down, like a kid who just found out his goldfish died. \"It's not that.\" Oz dragged his feet up the steps and sat down on his throne. Glinda furrowed her brow in confusion, but proceeded to sit on the arm of the throne. \"Then what is it?\" \"I'm just not looking forward to our conversation with Miranda about what happened twenty years ago,\" Oz answered glumly as he rubbed the bridge of his nose with his hand. Glinda sighed. She had kept herself busy with preparations for Miranda's birthday in the past few days so she would forget about the looming talk, and it had worked. Glinda gently entwined her finger's with Oscar's. The couple held hands in silence. Suddenly, Finley flew through the special flap above the door to the throne room carrying two pieces of jewelry. \"Maybe you should start by giving her these,\" the winged monkey offered. Oz reached forward and picked up the two armlets from Finley's hands. They were the same bracelets that Glinda had shown him three days ago, the ones that would help to channel Miranda's powers. \"The Master Tinker dropped them off while you were still asleep,\" Dolly explained as she walked up next to Finley. \"So we held on to them. He said that the potion Glinda made was more effective than expected, so the enchantment process finished in two days instead of seven. They're all ready for the princess to use.\" \"That is a brilliant idea!\" Glinda complimented with a smile. \"Perhaps if we tell Miranda what happened and relate it to the magic behind these bracelets, she might understand that we only did it for her own good.\" \"Speaking of Andy, how is she?\" Oz asked. \"I haven't heard a peep from her room all day.\" \"You have a point. She should have at least called for lunch by now. It is almost three.\" Oz felt his chest begin to tighten. Something was wrong. \"Finley, go check on Miranda! Ignore the sign on the door! Just go see if she's alright!\" Finley saluted the king and flew out of the room. He soared up the staircase and down the hall until he reached the princess's bedchambers. Even though his orders were to go straight in, Finley did not feel comfortable barging into a teenage girl's bedroom. \"Princess?\" Finley called out as he knocked on the door. When there was no response, Finley twisted the knob and poked his head into the room. \"I'm coming in.\" Finley stepped inside and looked around. The girl was sitting at her desk with her back to the door. \"Miranda, are you okay? Miranda?\" Finley floated over to the brunette and touched her shoulder gently. The girl suddenly fell face-first on her desk. Finley jumped in shock. \"Miranda?\" He whimpered. He pushed her face on to her side. Her eyes shimmered blue before they returned to their regular mismatched colors. Other than that, there was no motion on her face. No blinking, no breathing, no nothing. Suddenly, the girl's body wavered. \"Oh my Oz!\" Finley scrambled over to the corner of Miranda's room and tugged on the golden rope next to her curtains. Alarm bells clanged all over the castle. Within a minute, Oz and Glinda burst into the room. \"What happened?! What's wrong with Miranda?!\" Oz asked frantically before noticing the unmoving body on the desk. \"Is...is she...dead?!\" Finley stuttered, but he couldn't put enough letters together to make a single word. Glinda crossed the room and touched the body. She sighed in visible relief. \"No. No she is not dead. In fact, this is not even our daughter. This is a magical duplicate.\" \"A magical duplicate?!\" Oz repeated. \"Indeed, but how could someone have done this? Not even Theodora could get in let alone perform such a powerful spell and Miranda doesn't know this kind of magic!\" \"My Lady, I think I have the answer.\" Glinda and Oz turned toward Finley, who was standing on top of Miranda's bed, leaning over her pillow. The flying monkey pulled a folded paper out from under the pillow and handed it to the wizard. \"A duplicate spell?\" Oz read in surprise. \"I want to say that I'm impressed but that wouldn't be the fatherly thing to do.\" \"But the only place where she could have found this spell would be-\" Glinda gasped in realization. \"The village library! Miranda must have opened the magical seal and stolen this page out of the spell book! That means she could have read the book on the history of Oz!\" \"Which means that she could know what happened twenty years ago! No wonder she's been so secretive lately! I knew I shouldn't have let her out!\" \"Oz, stop blaming yourself. This is my fault, too. But the only thing we can focus on now is finding Miranda.\" Oz nodded in grim agreement. \"Finley, alert the royal guards! Search the Emerald City and search the village. I want our daughter found and I want her found now!\" \"Yes sir!\" Finley yanked the alert rope twice, which signalled that the princess was missing. Within the hour, a royal guard, the one that Miranda watched trip into the flower bed, entered the throne room. He kneeled in front of the anxious queen and the angry smoky-headed king. Dolly, Finley, and the Master Tinker were standing off to the side. \"Your Majesties, I found this next to the palace gates.\" The guard handed a worn leather band to the enchantress. \"I was not sure if it belonged to the princess, but it was the only thing out of the ordinary in the garden.\" Glinda gently rubbed the band in between her fingers. \"This is Miranda's anklet. She's been wearing this every day since she was eight. How could this fall off? She never takes it off.\" \"Thank you, Officer Kane,\" Oz's floating head boomed as he cut off his wife. \"You are dismissed. The guard stood up, bowed, and strode out of the throne room. Once the coast was clear, Oz immediately exited his booth and began to pace in circles on the floor in front of the throne. \"So we know Miranda somehow snuck out of her room, across the gardens, and over a twelve foot fence without getting caught.\" Oz rubbed his chin pensively. \"Glinda, what was Miranda wearing when you checked on her this morning?\" \"Um, a purple sundress, a dishevelled bun, and those black military boots that she always wears when meeting the sons of nobles.\" \"Gotcha! Finley!\" The monkey snapped to attention. \"Tell the guards to look for a girl with blue eyes and brown hair tied up in a messy bun wearing a purple floral sundress, black boots, and a blue cloak. Go!\" Finley flew out the flap above the door to pass along the message. \"Oscar, how do you know she is wearing her cloak? It is warm outside.\" \"Con-artists have a reason for everything, even their attire.,\" Oz explained. \"Other than the 'trying to look cute for boys approach', every piece of Andy's outfit has an ulterior motive. Starting with the face: a messy bun means less hair to get caught in anything like a gate or a bush, but it also makes her look more like a commoner than a royal. Now, if Miranda could figure out a duplicate spell, she could obviously figure out the charm to make her eyes blue; granted it wouldn't be as good as your charm, but she was determined. As for the dress, it's functional and stylish. A sundress is shorter than the skirts she's been wearing lately to go to the village, so it'a easier run and climb in, especially with hidden shorts underneath. It's also better for camouflage since the floral print would blend in better with the gardens. The combat boots, while more masculine, are also easier for running and climbing. Miranda would obviously bring along her cloak to cover up her, shall we say, unique clothing. She planned this whole escape out right under our noses.\" \"Alright Master Conman, how did Miranda get out then?\" Glinda interrogated. \"That, my dear Glinda, is where I'm stumped.\" \"I believe I know the answer to that, Your Highnesses,\" the Master Tinker responded. \"Go ahead,\" Oz urged. \"Clearly, our young witch discovered the secret passages in the castle and used them to escape into the gardens.\" \"Secret passages? What secret passages?\" Glinda questioned. \"The ones built by your grandmother, Queen Mytica,\" the tinker replied. \"The tunnels were constructed so the royal family could escape should there ever be an attack on the Emerald City. However, they have not been used in decades.\" \"Miranda would be the one to find centuries' old secret tunnels and use them to sneak out,\" Oz muttered. \"What about her anklet?\" Glinda inquired. \"The only way the princess could have fled the gardens totally unseen would be to become invisible. Now, knowing Miranda, she probably lost focus momentarily and her form fizzled. In doing that, her body became intangible and her anklet dropped off of her ankle and through her boot.\" \"So all of this has pretty much determined that Miranda left willingly, not forcefully,\" Glinda concluded. \"Now on to the hard part: finding Miranda and convincing her to do the right thing tomorrow.\" {o}one day until full moon- village square{o} \"Oh my gosh! I have never eaten so much cake in my entire life!\" Miranda exclaimed as the four teenagers stumbled out of the bakery, all clutching their bulging stomachs. \"I'll probably wake up tomorrow as a blimp! But it'll be so worth it!\" Aden chuckled. \"Well that's not something you see every day: a girl who can eat her weight in sweets and not mind the consequences.\" \"I'd rather think of it as eating lunch and dinner back to back!\" Miranda reasoned. She groaned as she added, \"Man am I glad I have a high metabolism!\" They all laughed until Nick suddenly became serious. \"Hey guys, does anybody else see that guy in the hood who seems to be following us?\" Aden and Violet were about to turn around and look, but Miranda stopped them. \"Wait, don't! Just keep walking forward and pretend we didn't notice. If we all look at person at the same time, they'll know their cover's been blown.\" \"Well then how are we supposed to know who's following us?\" Violet questioned. \"Just follow my lead,\" Miranda instructed in a whisper. \"Guys, hold on a second,\" Miranda said in a louder voice as she stepped on her shoelace to pull it loose. \"I gotta fix my boot.\" Miranda crouched down to retie her shoe and took advantage of the opportunity to glance up at the cloaked stalker. Unfortunately, her plan did not work out like she had hoped. Three pairs of identical boots suddenly blocked her view. The hooded figure used the moment to slip into the alley. Miranda slowly lifted her head to see three royal guards staring down at her. \"Oh crap!\" Miranda mumbled. \"Young lady, you need to come with us!\" the captain stated. \"Excuse me, what's going on here?\" Aden asked, his words polite but his tone unfriendly. \"Stand off, kid!\" the skinny soldier barked as he pushed the redheaded boy back. \"Our only business here is with the little runaway!\" He grabbed Miranda's arm and yanked her up off the sidewalk. Miranda winced in pain. Her side was still a little sore from her encounter with Bryce the day before and the tugging on her arm only worsened the pain. \"Hey, leave her alone!\" Violet snapped, only to be shoved away by the same guard. \"Dawn, your parents sent royal guards to find you just because you snuck out?!\" Nick exclaimed. \"Huhuh! Her name's not Dawn!\" the youngest soldier admitted stupidly. \"Her name's-\" \"Princess Miranda!\" a wicked female voice called from above. Everybody looked up to see a green witch flying on a broom above the village with two flying monkeys (more like flying gorillas in comparison to Finley) floating right next to her. \"Dawn, what's going on?! Why are they calling you Miranda?!\" Aden interrogated. Miranda whipped her head toward her friends, her panic causing her charm to wear off early and her blue eyes to turn silver and gold. Aden, Violet, and Nick gasped. \"Y-you're the p-princess?!\" Violet stammered. \"Aww, did little Miranda forget to tell her dear friends that she was lying to them the entire time? Well, no point in worrying about that now!\" Theodora cackled as she encircled Miranda in a ring of fire. Miranda summoned a lunar shield to protect herself from the flames, but she was trapped inside the circle. \"DAWN!\" Aden yelled. He tried to get to her, but the flames were too high. The flying monkeys swooped down on her broom and snatched Miranda off the ground by her arms. \"ADEN!\" Miranda screamed as she was carried up, up, and away. \"Go alert the king and queen!\" the captain ordered his men. \"Tell them that the princess has been kidnapped.\" So who was that hooded figure? Leave a review if you think you know. Actually, just leave a review anyway! And just in case any of you are wondering, I expect this story to be two or three more chapters and then the epilogue. Also, check my profile page for a poll about what Miranda's coronation dress should look like. I'm torn between three options and I need help from all you readers to decide![Chapter 12] Hi hi! I would have updated sooner but I finished my other story updates so quickly that I, um, needed more time to work out the plot. The poll for Miranda's coronation dress is closed and thanks to the three voters, I have come to a decision, which will be revealed later. Thank you reviewers: Queen Sea, Guest, Terese, and umitsfanfiction. Good guesses were made about the identity of the hooded figure, but unfortunately, none of you were correct. A little thing you might want to know about me is that I barely ever use throw-away characters. Okay fine I admit I might initially use them as disposable characters, but they almost always make reappearances, especially in this chapter. Disclaimer: don't you wish you could just walk into a store and buy the rights to a story as easily as you could buy a bag of chips {o}one day until full moon- Theodora's castle{o} \"Let me go, you **** monkeys!\" Miranda screamed as the two flying monkeys pushed her up against a metal wall in the middle of what looked like a throne room. The monkeys locked Miranda's wrists and ankles to the wall. The room was dark except for the torches that were flickering with green fire. Directly above the center of the room was a skylight. Obviously it was for the witch and her monkeys to fly out. The throne room definitely had that wicked vibe going on, and that did not do much to help Miranda's nerves. \"If you touch me again, I will melt you like the little pieces of **** that you are!\" \"Tsk, tsk, Miranda,\" the green witch tutted as she strode into the room with her broom at her side. The hooded figure soon entered behind her. \"A princess should not use such foul language, especially in front of others.\" Miranda scowled. \"I'm not exactly concerned with filtering my wording in front of my kidnappers,\" she spat out. Theodora chuckled malevolently. \"Obviously your mouth came from your father. Not once in her life did Glinda ever let a curse word slip from her lips.\" Miranda almost wanted to chuckle, but she would never let this woman know they agreed on something. \"You would know, Theodora. You are her sister, after all.\" Theodora looked surprised at the girl's knowledge. \"I see your parents finally gathered up the nerves to tell you about your Auntie Teddy.\" \"No, I found it out myself,\" Miranda corrected. \"Well aren't you just a clever little detective,\" Theodora replied with a playful yet evil smirk. \"How'd you find that out? Eavesdropping?\" \"Reading,\" Miranda retorted. \"I prefer doing things the right way.\" \"Ah yes,\" Theodora said with a chuckle. \"The 'right' way. This is coming from the same witch who lied to her parents and snuck out to the village.\" Miranda frowned. How did this woman know so much?! \"I used to do things the 'right' way,\" Theodora continued before she smiled maliciously. \"And then I became smart.\" \"More like psychotic,\" Miranda mumbled under her breath. Suddenly, Miranda's restraints began to burn. She cried out in searing pain. Theodora was heating the restraints with her fire magic. After about ten seconds, Theodora lowered her hands and the restraints stopped burning. \"Don't test me,\" Theodora threatened. \"Those restraints are fire resistant, but that doesn't mean they don't absorb heat.\" \"How do you know so much about me?\" Miranda asked in a ragged voice. \"I have my sources,\" Theodora answered slyly. Then she turned toward the mysterious person in the corner and gestured for him to come toward her. \"Show our guest who was responsible for her discovery.\" The figure reached up and pulled the hood back from his head, which revealed a familiar teenage boy with dirty blonde hair and cruel eyes. \"Bryce Crinch?!\" \"I'm honored that you remember me, Princess,\" Bryce snickered. \"Let's just say you left an impression,\" Miranda muttered. \"Well it'll be a good story to tell our kids someday. The way their ma fell in love with the man she thought she hated but was always destined to be with.\" \"Did I miss something?!\" Miranda exclaimed in terror. \"After I ran from the guards, Theodora tracked me down and offered me a deal. She promised if I helped her catch ya, then I get ya all to myself.\" \"I saw that magic performance that day, Miranda,\" Theodora explained. \"Very impressive for a witch without channelers, which is why I decided to take you in. Mytica's prophecy said that a witch born on an eclipse would either save or destroy Oz. I decided to take fate into my own hands. After all, the moon is darker than the sun.\" That last sentence triggered something in Miranda's brain. She remembered those words. She began to relive the memory in her mind. \"Funny how memories work,\" Theodora added as Miranda put the pieces of the puzzle together. \"They always make an appearance at the most inconvenient times.\" \"I will never help you hurt my parents or my people!\" Miranda growled. \"Never!\" \"I had a feeling you would say that. But after tomorrow, I'm afraid you won't have a choice. Niro!\" One of the flying monkeys stepped up and hit Miranda in the back of her head with his club. She slouched in her chains as her head hung lifelessly. \"I love a girl who's feisty!\" Bryce said with dark, lust-filled eyes as he stared at the unconscious princess. \"But it'll be even better when she's evil! Man that'll be hot!\" Theodora rolled her eyes at Bryce's simplicity. As soon as she had Oz in her clutches, she would be able to get rid of the hormonal young adult. {o}day of full moon- Emerald City throne room{o} \"We've searched everywhere within fifty miles of the castle, Your Highness. We still haven't found her,\" Officer Kane reported. \"EXPAND THE SEARCH ZONE!\" Oz's floating head boomed. \"JUST FIND HER ALREADY!\" The guard scrambled out of the throne room as fast as he could. \"Oscar stop screaming at them!\" Glinda snapped uncharacteristically. \"The guards have not stopped looking since yesterday! We will find her!\" It was six in the morning on Miranda's birthday and her parents had not slept all night. But, then again, how could they sleep knowing they only had eighteen hours to find their daughter and perform her coronation ceremony? \"Oscar, come out of there,\" Glinda requested in a soft voice. \"There's nobody around to perform for.\" Oz's head sighed before he surrendered. He exited the booth and walked over to his wife's open arms. \"I can't believe this happened!\" Oz weeped. \"This is all my fault!\" \"Do not start that again,\" Glinda insisted. \"We just have to put faith in the shred of goodness left in my sister's heart!\" \"I just hope that it's still there,\" Oz mumbled. {o}day of full moon- Emerald City dungeons{o} \"This has been the worst night of my life,\" Nick stated glumly as he rested his head in between the metal bars on the door of their jail cell. \"Tell me about it,\" Violet agreed from her position on her straw cot. \"They had no reason to lock us up!\" \"I still can't believe she lied to us,\" Aden murmured. Ever since Miranda's identity had been revealed, he could not think about anything else. \"I thought we were her friends.\" \"Well at least it all makes sense now,\" Violet replied. \"All those times that she did or said something unusual and we thought nothing of it, like how she seemed to show up out of nowhere.\" \"Like how she had no clue who the Wicked Witch was,\" Nick added. \"The king and queen had always tried their hardest to keep Theodora a mystery.\" \"And how Duncan Crinch suddenly got arrested for reckless driving the same day that Dawn had saved me from getting run over. She must have gone to her parents about him.\" \"And the way she didn't get pummeled when Bryce threw that surprise punch at her. She obviously used that magic shield thing that we saw her use to protect herself from the flames.\" \"And how she was able to get into the restricted section of the library. She used her magic to unlock to gate!\" \"Wait! You were in the restricted section?!\" Nick questioned in shock. Violet had forgotten that was supposed to be a secret. \"Look, that doesn't matter! What does matter is that there were all those signs and we just didn't see them!\" \"She tried to tell me,\" Aden said when he finally spoke up. \"She was going to tell me the truth, but she was pulled away before she could.\" \"Well she saved my life! So now it's up to us to save her life!\" Violet proclaimed. Aden stood up and, for the first time since the day before, looked confident. \"I'm in! We're going to find Dawn - I mean Miranda - if it's the last thing we do!\" \"And how do you propose we do that?\" Nick inquired cynically. He turned around to face the twins. \"In case you haven't noticed, we're stuck in prison!\" \"I think I can help with that,\" a girl offered. Violet, Nick, and Aden looked to see Beatrice standing outside their cell. \"What do you want?\" Violet asked in a suspicious voice. \"To help the princess,\" Beatrice answered simply. \"I saw you with her and I do not believe you had anything to do with her kidnapping.\" \"Try telling that to the guards,\" Nick mumbled. \"I did, but they won't listen. So instead, I've decided to help you.\" Beatrice pulled a set of keys out from her apron pocket. She checked for guards then unlocked the cell door. \"Thank you,\" Aden said graciously. \"Do not thank me yet,\" Beatrice interrupted. \"I have to get you out of here before the prisonkeeper returns.\" The maid led the three teenagers out of the dungeon. Luckily, the rest of the inmates were still asleep and didn't see them escape. After a few minutes, they reached what looked like a dead end. \"It's a trap! We never should have followed to her!\" Nick exclaimed. \"Shh!\" Beatrice hissed. Aden and Violet clapped their hands over Nick's mouth. Beatrice grabbed a torch that was mounted on the wall and she pulled back on it. A golden outline formed on the wall and an open door appeared. Beatrice picked up the torch and, ignoring the looks of amazement, she walked into the passageway. \"I discovered a few of these tunnels while I was cleaning the castle,\" Beatrice explained. \"But I never imagined they would come in handy.\" Eventually they reached the end of the passage and they walked out through a tree along the yellow brick road to the village. \"This is where I leave you,\" Beatrice announced. \"I'm afraid you're on your own from here. But I can give you something that might help.\" Beatrice pulled two bracelets from her dress pocket. \"These armlets are supposed to help the princess channel her magic. The king and queen planned to give them to her last night, but when she never returned, they left the bracelets in her room. Find the princess and give these to her.\" \"But how are we supposed to find Miranda?\" Violet questioned. \"Seek out the Bookkeeper,\" Beatrice instructed. \"The Book will help you just as it helped Queen Glinda in the past.\" With that, she turned turned around and walked back into the hidden tree tunnel. After a minute of silence, Nick spoke up. \"The Book?! How the heck are we supposed to find it?! We don't even know what it is, let alone where we can find it!\" Suddenly, Violet's face lit up. \"I think I might.\" {o}day of full moon- village library{o} Violet poked her head into the library. It was empty. \"Okay, the coast is clear,\" she whispered. The three teenagers managed to reach the library without being caught by any guards or villagepeople. \"Follow me,\" Violet instructed. They entered the library and Violet led them up to the restricted section. \"What are we doing here?\" Nick questioned obnoxiously. \"When Miranda and I were in here, she showed me this history book. But there was something special about it,\" Violet responded. \"Special?\" Aden inquired. \"What do you mean?\" \"It didn't leave anything out like our school books. On top of that, it seemed almost like it was writing itself.\" \"That's one weird book,\" Nick commented. \"No wonder it was locked up,\" Aden added. \"Anyway,\" Violet continued. \"If that book never stops writing, maybe we can look in the chapter about Miranda and it'll tell us where the Wicked Witch is keeping her.\" \"There's just one problem with that plan,\" Nick pointed out. \"What?\" the twins asked simultaneously. \"How are we supposed to get to it?\" Violet and Aden turned around to see that the gate blocking the entrance to the restricted section was magically sealed. Except, instead of its usual green magic, it was sealed with silver magic. In addition to that, the history book was back on its pedestal. Violet was sure Miranda had forgotten to put it back. \"Aw man!\" Aden exclaimed. Nick touched the gate to make sure the seal was real. As soon as he did, though, he was launched up toward the ceiling. He grazed against the ceiling, floated in the air, and then landed back on the ground. \"What the heck was that?!\" Nick shouted once he got back on his feet. \"Miranda is the Witch of the Sun and Moon. I'm guessing by the silver magic here that this is moon magic. And the moon does have a have to do with gravity, so...\" Violet trailed off. Suddenly, somebody began to chuckle from somewhere near the restricted section. \"Her magic is too powerful to get in that way,\" a familiar ancient voice croaked from a dark corner at the top of the staircase. He stepped out into the light. \"But what kind of a Bookkeeper would I be if I could not take care of the books?\" \"Mister Kinling?!\" Violet questioned. \"Hello again, Miss Dryson, Mister Dryson, and Mister Locksley,\" the old librarian greeted. \"Now, on to saving your friend.\" \"How do you know about that?\" Aden asked. \"King Arthur entrusted me with that book for a reason,\" Mr. Kinling answered vaguely. \"And he gave me several tools in order to do so.\" He pulled out his pocket hankie and unwrapped the cloth to reveal a key. He inserted the key into the gate and the barrier vanished. He opened the gate and the four of them stepped into the restricted section. \"Why didn't you say any of this two days ago?\" Violet inquired. \"My job as Bookkeeper is to protect the Book from evil, but I am prohibited from interfering with it.\" While Nick and Aden gaped in amazement at all the forbidden materials, Violet strode over to the golden pedestal and picked up the history book. She flipped through the pages until she reached the sub-chapter about Miranda (since she wasn't queen yet, her reign as princess was under the chapter about her father). She noticed that the book was filled with beautiful illustrations on every page. It showed drawings of Miranda saving Violet from the speeding cart, defending herself against Bryce, visiting the library, casting some sort of magic spell in her bedroom, escaping the palace, and even being kidnapped by Theodora and her flying monkeys. \"This looks more like a storybook than a history book,\" Violet stated. Finally, she found what she needed. On the most recent page lay a map of Oz including the Wicked Witch's castle. \"I found her!\" Violet called out. \"Where is she?!\" Aden exclaimed. \"According to this map, she's about a hundred miles west of the Emerald City.\" \"It'll take us days to get there by foot,\" Nick griped. \"You do not have days!\" Mr. Kinling spoke up. \"If the princess does not receive her crown by midnight, she loses her throne forever!\" \"Talk about pressure,\" Aden muttered. \"The worst is yet to come. This afternoon, Miranda will be at her most powerful because there will be a solar eclipse. This will be followed by a full moon, when Miranda is at her darkest. The power followed by the darkness may corrupt her.\" \"I thought you said you couldn't interfere,\" Violet responded curiously. \"I cannot, but the princess protected my great-grandson, Johnny, when nobody else would. For that, I am grateful. Now, go find Miranda...before it is too late.\" With that, the Bookkeeper stepped out of the forbidden room. When the three teenagers followed him to thank him, he was gone. It was like he vanished into thin air. \"So...how are we gonna get to witchie's castle?\" Nick asked. \"I think I have an idea,\" Aden offered with a sly grin. {o}day of full moon- village square{o} \"Aden, if this doesn't work, I'm gonna kill you!\" Nick threatened. \"You mean if Vance or the guards don't kill you first?\" \"Exactly!\" The two boys were standing outside the village salon as they waited for Violet. Vance was keeping lookout at the corner. Brynn's mother owned the salon, so she managed to grab a wig for each of the boys so they wouldn't be recognized by the guards. Aden was now a blonde and Nick now had brown hair. \"Don't worry. It'll work,\" Aden assured the brunette in a quiet voice. \"Ahem,\" Brynn interrupted as she stepped out from the salon. Brynn's long black hair had been straightened and she was wearing heeled black ankle boots and a tight, off-the-shoulder, red dress that reached her knees and had a slit up to her mid-thighs. She had bold red lips and her eyes were done up to the nines. No wonder Vance was so overprotective of Brynn. She was pretty when she wasn't trying, but when she put in some effort, she was gorgeous. \"Introducing the new Violet Dryson!\" Brynn announced in a dramatic voice. She gestured toward the door of the salon with her arm and Violet stepped out shyly. Both Nick and Aden's jaws dropped to the ground. Golden highlights had been added to Violet's platinum blonde curls, which had been tamed to be more controllable. Her makeup brought out her natural beauty. Violet was wearing white strappy sandals and a bright green strapped dress with a scalloped hem that reached her lower thighs. While Brynn was dramatic and hot, Violet was soft and beautiful. How had Nick not noticed her before?! Violet had always been pretty, but now she was as lovely on the outside as she was on the inside. To someone who had never met her, she would be unrecognizable, which was what the three escapees were counting on. \"Nick, you might wanna close your mouth before your tongue gets all dry,\" Brynn commented with a knowing smile. Violet blushed and Aden looked at his friend in confusion. Sure enough, Nick's face was frozen in shock. But just as Aden was about to say something to Nick, they were interrupted. \"Here they come!\" Vance hissed from the street corner. Aden and Nick ran to hide in the alley while Violet and Brynn fluffed their hair amd rushed over to pick up a banner from the sidewalk outside the salon. Suddenly, two young royal guards came around the corner on horses. \"Excuse me!\" Brynn hollered. \"Excuse me, officers?! Can you help us?!\" The guards stopped right in front of the salon. \"And why would two pretty young ladies such as yourselves need our help?\" the strawberry blonde guard mused. \"We need to hang this banner for Princess Miranda's birthday, but we don't have a ladder and we're not tall enough to reach the spot on the wall where it needs to go,\" Violet lied smoothly as she beamed up at the guards. The guards ate it up. \"Where do you want it?\" the black guard asked. The two of them dismounted their horses and followed the girls to a building a block down the street. Aden and Nick ran out of their hiding spot and jumped on to the guards' horses. The black guard turned around at the sound of horses galloping and saw the two boys abducting their horses. \"STOP! THIEVES!\" he yelled. \"VIOLET!\" Nick screamed. Violet ran away from the guards as quickly as she could. But the guards were too fast for the horses to stop so Violet could get on. \"GIVE ME YOUR HAND!\" Nick shouted. Violet reached toward Nick and he pulled her up on to his horse right before the guards could catch her. She wrapped her arms around his chest so she wouldn't fall off. The guards tried chasing after the trio, but Vance grabbed them and knocked their heads together. It was not hard enough to kill them, just to make them black out. Brynn waved at the other three while Vance held one unconscious guard under each arm. \"GOOD LUCK!\" Brynn called out. Aden, Nick, and Violet rode straight through the western village gates and rode on toward Theodora's castle. \" We're coming for you, Dawn ,\" Nick thought. \" Just keep fighting until we get there. \" The next chapter is the big rescue scene! After that, the big finale! Bye bye! Don't forget to review![Chapter 13] Hello my wonderful and patient readers! Sorry about the delay. My life has just been one big whirlwind lately. School started up so I've been going crazy with all my homework and cheer practices and dance classes and college application stuff that I barely thought of what to write for this chapter until it hit me earlier. But thanks to the efforts of labor unions in the past century, I have an extra day this weekend to spend doing whatever I want. Kudos go out to my awesome reviewers: Goldenalaska, queensea, Guest, and Queen Sea. Also, for helping me with the plot for this chapter, Queen Sea and WinterHourglass get virtual cookies :) Disclaimer: if I don't say this, my boyfriend will have to testify in court that I'm not a story-rights thief {o}day of full moon- Theodora's castle{o} Miranda groaned as she regained consciousness. She blinked a few times to readjust her eyes as she took in her surroundings. \" Where am I? \" Miranda thought in confusion. \" Oh that's right! I'm in Auntie Teddy's Torture Chamber of Fun! \" The back of Miranda's head throbbed from where Niro knocked her out with his club. But the pain wasn't her biggest concern for long. The windows of the throne room were made of stained glass, but Miranda managed to see the position of the sun through the red-tinted glass. It looked like it was late afternoon or early evening, which meant the eclipse was in less than an hour! \" Mommy! Daddy! If you can hear me, please hurry! There isn't much time left! \" Miranda thought as hard as she could. However, she doubted her mental message would reach them from so far away. \"Oh good! The little princess is finally awake!\" Theodora jeered as she waltzed into the throne room. \"Just in time for the eclipse! Aren't you excited?\" \"Bite me!\" Miranda retorted. \"Aww! Looks like someone woke up on the wrong side of the prison slab!\" the witch teased with a pretend pout. Miranda responded by raising an eyebrow. Her expression read ' Seriously ?' \"I see you prefer doing things that way,\" Theodora observed. She sighed. \"Very well then.\" She turned toward the door where two flying monkeys were standing and gestured for them to approach. \"Brutus, Niro, prepare our guest for her...crowning achievement!\" Theodora cackled as she strode out of the throne room with her black robes billowing behind her. One of the monkeys, probably Brutus by the B on his belt, pulled out a key ring and began to unlock Miranda's restraints. However, Miranda was smarter than a winged primate. After Brutus unlocked her ankles and one of her wrists, Miranda's eyes sparked gold and she blinded both Brutus and Niro with a sunbeam. While her guards were dazed, Miranda did a high kick that knocked the keys out of Brutus' hand and into hers. The determined princess quickly unfastened the shackle around her other hand and raced out of her dungeon. Unfortunately, Brutus and Niro came to and howled in alarm. Flying monkeys began flooding out of every corridor as Miranda sprinted down the labyrinthine hallways in the unfamiliar castle. Eventually, just like in every chase scene, Miranda came to a dead end with dozens of winged gorillas behind her. However, rather than await capture, Miranda smirked at her pursuers. Her eyes glowed silver and she snapped her fingers. Suddenly, all the lights in the hallway extinguished. Miranda dashed around the confused monkeys (apparently the ability to make rooms dark came with awesome night vision skills) and out through the nearest corridor. At the end of the hallway was a set of double doors that looked like an exit. \" FREEDOM !\" Miranda screamed mentally. \" Once I get outside, all I need to do is find somebody with a horse and I'm home... \" \"Going somewhere?\" an all-too-familiar voice asked. \" ...free, \" Miranda finished dejectedly With a flash of fire, Theodora appeared in front of the door. \"It took you just over four minutes to escape. Pity. I expected more from the daughter of the wizard who defeated me.\" Miranda turned to run in the opposite direction, but a wall of flames lit up to block her way. \"Did you really think it would be that easy to escape?\" the green-skinned witch questioned. \"Just let me go, Theodora!\" Miranda exclaimed. \"I'm not going to destroy my kingdom! So you can just forget about using me as your little weapon!\" \"You may think that, but I have my ways. As soon as you crack, even a little, the darkness will creep in and finish the job.\" Miranda scoffed even though the fiery wall was moving toward her, pushing her closer to Theodora. \"Never gonna happen, lady!\" Theodora chuckled. \"Such confidence. Let's see if we can't shake it up a little.\" Suddenly, a flickering image visualized in the flames. Miranda watched as Violet, Nick, and Aden were galloping across a dirt road toward Theodora's castle. \"I wonder what would happen if they were, say, attacked by my pets?\" the wicked witch mused. Miranda's confident demeanor began to waver as she visibly squirmed. \"You wouldn't!\" she growled menacingly. The Wicked Witch of the West cackled again. \"Oh, wouldn't I? Morgrim!\" A larger flying monkey stepped forward from the rest. Clearly, by the look of his extra armor, he was higher up than the others. \"Go and welcome our unexpected visitors!\" Morgrim saluted, grunted orders to the other monkeys, and they flew out the windows. After a minute or two, the aunt and the niece watched as a group of the evil winged henchmen descended on the trio of friends. \"NO!\" Miranda screamed. Soon, the flurry of fur and wings ascended into the sky and only the horses were left on the ground. \"No!\" Miranda whispered dejectedly. Theodora looked up at the sky and saw that the sun and the moon were getting closer to each other. \"Oh and perfect timing, too!\" she exclaimed cheerily. \"Let's go take advantage of all that raw vulnerability, shall we? Brutus, Niro!\" The two monkeys staggered forward. They were still unsteady from Miranda's attack. \"Go ready the princess for the eclipse! And do it right this time, or being blinded will be less than a papercut in comparison to what I have planned for you two!\" The two monkeys grunted frantically, grabbed Miranda by her shoulders, and flew her to the throne room. Miranda let them do this without resisting. The metal wall had been removed from the throne room and replaced with two sets of shackles directly underneath the skylight. Brutus and Niro fastened the chains around the princess's wrists and left the girl alone. Miranda dropped to her knees as she felt her guilt gnaw at her stomach. If only she had stayed inside the castle, none of this would have happened. \"You're right,\" a girl's voice said. \"This is all your fault.\" Miranda snapped her head up and looked around. \"Who said that?\" \"I did,\" the voice answered. Suddenly, a brunette teenage girl materialized. She was wearing a short dark blue camouflage skirt with ripped fishnet tights and knee-high black leather boots with three inch heels. She also had on a grey halter crop top, a studded leather vest, and black fishnet fingerless gloves. Her makeup included thick eyeliner and eye shadow with black lipstick and dark blue nail polish. Her brown hair had dark blue streaks and was heavily teased. After a minute, Miranda made the connection. This girl was her...except both eyes were silver. \"W-what are you?\" Miranda stammered. The other Miranda smirked. \"I'm you...or should I say half of you. The dark, lunar half.\" She pointed at her silver crescent moon necklace. \"And you're right about taking the blame for all of this. If it weren't for you, your three friends would never have gotten involved in so much danger. They would be safe and alive right now. And you would be in the Emerald City with your parents, waiting for your birthday ball, your crowning, and your time spent with boys trying to catch your eye. And yet, here you are.\" \"Don't listen to her!\" another girl exclaimed. \"She's trying to make you give in to Theodora's tricks!\" Another version of Miranda appeared in front of the devastated witch. This girl was dressed in a flowy one-sleeved lacy white chiton that reached her knees in the front and her ankles in the back. She was also wearing a brown woven belt around her waist and brown strappy wedges. Her makeup was natural looking, her nails were clean with a French manicure, and her curled hair had gold ribbons woven in it. Miranda took note of the girl's golden eyes and gold sun necklace. \"Let me guess, you're my light, solar half?\" Miranda replied. \"Exactly. And my job is to remind you of all the good you have done in the past few days. You saved Violet from being trampled by a cart, put a guilty man in jail, saved Johnny from Bryce, and made Nick realize his true feelings for Violet.\" \"Yeah, well what about all those lies?\" Moon Miranda pressed. \"You hurt all three of them, especially Aden. You broke his heart!\" \"I-I what?!\" Miranda whispered. Moon Miranda leaned back on her hip, crossed her arms, and smirked. \"You heard me. You made the boy think you two had a connection. Really, the only connection between you two was a string of lies.\" \"That's not true!\" Sun Miranda insisted, but even she looked unsure. \"Oh yes it is and we all know it,\" Moon Miranda dismissed snarkily. \"You're just as bad as Theodora and Evanora. Right now, I'm looking at the future Wicked Witch of the Sun and Moon.\" \"Y-you're lying,\" Miranda choked out weakly as she shook her head in denial. Moon Miranda chuckled in cruel amusement. \"How can I be lying?\" She tilted her head and put on a fake innocent pout. \"I'm you, remember?\" Sun Miranda looked like she was going to argue, but they were interrupted. \"Oh Princess, you have visitors!\" Theodora sang through the doors. Moon Miranda grinned victoriously and wiggled her fingers before she disappeared in a swirling storm of black and silver. Sun Miranda had a defeated expression on her face. \"Listen to your heart!\" she whispered quickly before vanishing in a flash of white and gold sparkles. The double doors to the throne room swung open and Theodora strutted in with a hooded Bryce at her side. Behind them, guarded by two flying monkeys each, were the three people Miranda thought were gone for eternity. Aden had small cuts on his cheeks, chin, and eyebrow. Nick had a split lip and what looked like the makings of a black eye. Violet had some blood stuck in her hair from a slice right in front of her ear. They all had bruises and paw marks on their arms and shoulders, but they were alive. Miranda's eyes began to tear up. \"Aden!\" she choked out. \"Dawn!\" Aden hollered. He tried to break away from his guards, but they gripped him tighter. \"You're alive!\" Miranda exclaimed breathily. \"What were you thinking?!\" \"We were thinking that we needed to save our friend!\" Violet called out. \"No matter the price,\" Nick added. The four friends shared a silent moment, relieved that they were all alive...at least for now. \"Aww! How touching!\" Theodora interrupted. \"Now, Princess, about our little deal?\" \"You already know my answer, Theodora!\" Miranda growled as she tore her eyes away from her friends. \"I do,\" Theodora responded. She looked up at the skylight, noted the position of the sun, and grinned malevolently. Theodora gestured to the extra flying monkeys in the room. They soared up to the skylight and pushed the stained glass window open. Theodora then conjured a fireball and pointed it at Miranda's friends. \"But I have a feeling that answer is about to change.\" Miranda snapped her eyes up at the sky to see what made the witch so pleased. Her eyes widened in panic at the answer. The moon was about to cover to sun in five... four... three... two... one... A bright flash lit up the sky and a concentrated beam of energy landed on Miranda. The young witch-in-training screamed as the power engulfed her. Unfortunately, the majority of the magic came from the moon. The magic washed over Miranda and kept building until a silver explosion erupted from her body. Everyone in the room shielded their eyes from the blinding light. When they looked back, Miranda had transformed. Her hair was straightened and tied up into a super-high ponytail on the top of her head with a silver cuff. She was wearing a little black dress that ended at her upper thighs and had transparent black lace over her midriff and her arms. She also had on black leather pumps and a silver studded choker, which matched both of her eyes. Miranda had become the Wicked Witch of the Moon and Sun. While Bryce, who had removed his hood, stared shamelessly at Miranda's accentuated assets and Nick tried his hardest not to ogle the hot girl in front of him, all Aden could focus on were Miranda's eyes. They both glinted maliciously like cold steel daggers as Miranda smirked. \"What's the matter, Aden? Don't you like the new me?\" Wicked Miranda questioned in a voice that was much darker than her own. \"I do!\" Bryce exclaimed with a grin that would have made any girl's skin crawl. His eyes were black with lust. \"No!\" Aden snapped. \"Well that's too bad because this is all that's left.\" \"Not if I have anything to say about it!\" Aden replied. Miranda raised an eyebrow in slight confusion. \"NOW!\" Aden shouted. Violet stomped on the foot of one of her guards and kneed the other one between the legs. Both flying monkeys yowled in pain and fell on to the ground as they cradled their bruised body parts. Nick elbowed both of his monkeys in the chest and crouched to the ground to sweep their legs out from under them. The primates hit their heads on the stone floor and were knocked unconscious. Aden ducked just as one monkey threw a punch at him. The fist that was meant for Aden ended up hitting the other monkey in the face. Aden then pulled the standing monkey on to the floor by his tail. \"Nick! Violet! The bracelets!\" Aden called out. Nick and Violet nodded in understanding and returned to their fighting as they worked on moving closer to Miranda. \"Miranda! I know that this isn't you! Fight it, Miranda! Fight it!\" Aden screamed as he fought off Theodora's minions. Suddenly, after hearing Aden call her by her real name, Miranda gasped and one of her eyes returned to its normal gold shade. \"Aden?!\" \"Yes! Yes, Miranda I'm right here!\" \"Help me!\" Miranda choked out. Her body trembled as she struggled to hold off her dark side. \"Just focus on your inner good!\" Aden yelled as he knocked down the last flying monkey. \"I know that you're better than that! This isn't-\" Aden's speech was cut off by Theodora's fireball that was hurled at him. He dodged the flame, but it singed his shoulder. The smell of burnt flesh radiated through the throne room, \"SILENCE!\" Theodora screeched. \"BRYCE, GET HIM!\" Bryce abandoned his position and launched himself at Aden. The two began to exchange blows. Without Aden to focus on, Miranda's body gave in to the darkness once again and her gold eye returned to silver. Theodora tried to keep her human weapon on track with the darkness. \"MIRANDA! IT'S TIME TO ACCEPT YOUR DESTINY! DESTROY THEM! DESTROY OZ!\" \"Don't give in!\" Aden exclaimed between blows. \"IGNORE HIM!\" Thedora interrupted. \"He never liked you! He liked Dawn! He only liked you for the girl you pretended to be, not the girl you really are! He never cared for you! But I do! Give in, Princess Miranda! Give in to who you're meant to be!\" The eclipse was almost complete. Another minute, and Miranda would become evil forever. Aden wracked his brain for an argument that would bring back the real Miranda. Nick and Violet were getting closer to Miranda, but they couldn't put the bracelets on her until she was balanced or else she would be evil and able to channel her full powers. Bryce used Aden's vulnerable moment to slam the redheaded boy in the shoulder blades. Aden cried out in agony as Bryce then forced him into a kneeling position and wrapped his arm around Aden's neck. \"Think of your parents!\" Aden panted, his voice laced with pain and desperation. \"Think of all the people you met in the village! They didn't know you were the princess, but you touched their hearts regardless!\" \"I did?\" Miranda murmured, her question barely audible above all the noise. She thought of her parents, who had spent her entire life trying to protect her from ever having to experience this kind of torture. She thought of everybody in the past few days who was kind to her without even knowing her: Violet, Nick, Johnny, Mr. Kinling, Beatrice, Brynn, Vance...Aden. \"You touched all of our hearts, especially mine!\" \"SHUT UP!\" Theodora shrieked. \"YOUR TIME IS UP!\" The Wicked Witch of the West raised her fireball. She was only a few feet away from Aden and her flame was huge. Miranda knew that getting hit by such powerful magic at that close would kill Aden. Suddenly, it was like everything was going in slow motion. The fireball was about to leap off of Theodora's fingertips. \"ENOUGH!\" Miranda bellowed as she shattered her chains with a single burst of energy. The wave of magic threw Theodora off her feet and flying into the stone wall. Her fireball missed Aden and instead grazed over Bryce's cloak. Bryce flung Aden to the side as he tried to stomp out the fire on his cloak. Aden coughed up blood as he hit the floor, but when he looked up, he noticed a speckling of gold in one of Miranda's silver eyes. \"Guys! The bracelets! She needs them now!\" \"Miranda!\" Violet hollered. \"Catch!\" Violet tossed the sun bracelet at the princess, who was surprised at the gift but caught it with ease. \"Heads up!\" Nick yelled. He threw the moon bracelet to Miranda, who caught it in her other hand. \"Put them on!\" Aden insisted in a ragged voice. Miranda nodded in understanding and slipped the bracelets on her wrists and pushed them up to rest on her biceps. With a flash of sparkles, Miranda's familiar uneven eyes set in permanently. \"NOOOOOOOOOOOOO!\" Theodora screamed from the corner of the room. Theodora snapped her head upward to see the moon move out of the way of the sun. The eclipse was over. Her plan was ruined! She had waited twenty years to see Oz crumble and now it was all over! The evil witch's face contorted in rage. \"YOU!\" Theodora roared furiously as she pointed an accusatory finger at Aden, who was still struggling to get off the floor. \"YOU WILL PAY FOR THIS!\" Theodora heaved another fireball at the defenseless boy. Aden shielded his head in preparation for the blast, but a gold and silver shield materialized right in front of him at the last second. The fiery projectile fizzled out harmlessly as it hit the forcefield. Aden looked behind him and his look of terror immediately transformed into a relieved grin at the sight. Directly underneath the skylight stood Miranda just as the villagers always pictured her. She was wearing a glittery strapless gown that was gold at the top and gradually shifted to silver at the bottom. Parts of the lower skirt were made of a sheer material that showed off her white strappy heels. Her magical bracelets sparkled on her arms. Miranda's hair was tied up in a high bun with a few curly strands hanging loose and framing her face. Her hairstyle accentuated her flawless neck and shoulders. The mark on her cheek from her fight with Bryce in the village had vanished and so had any sign of Theodora's torture. \"Leave him alone, Theodora,\" Miranda ordered in a more regal version of her regular voice. \"Your battle is with me.\" Theodora howled like one of her flying monkeys. She lobbed fireball after fireball at her niece, who deflected them all with barely any effort. While Theodora and Miranda were busy with their magical showdown, Violet and Nick snuck over toward Aden and did their best to move him out of the line of fire without Theodora noticing. Unfortunately, Bryce had managed to extinguish the fire on his cloak and caught sight on the the trio trying to escape. \"Theodora!\" Bryce called out. Theodora saw what the bully was referring to and smiled maliciously at Miranda. \"Say goodbye to your little friends, Princess!\" The witch formed a giant fireball over her head and hurled it at the three young adults. Violet squealed in terror and looked away. \"I'm too young to die!\" Nick exclaimed as he covered his face with his hand. Aden, however, just smirked. He saw a ripple in the air between them and Theodora. It was barely noticeable, but he still noticed it. The ripple was in the shape of a person. Suddenly, the fireball stopped right in front of them. It didn't die out, but it just floated there, unmoving. \"WHAT?!\" Theodora screeched. Miranda appeared right in front of her friends in the spot where Aden noticed the ripple. She was holding the fireball back with her hands. \"Not today, Theodora. Not today, not ever.\" Miranda encircled the fireball with sun and moon energy and flung it forward. The triple-layered magical projectile slammed into Theodora, blasting her through the castle wall. None of the four teenagers knew where the Wicked Witch went nor did they care. They were just relieved to be alive. \"AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH!\" Bryce bellowed as he ran at the friends. He was holding a club that he had taken from one of the fallen flying monkeys over his head. Without even a flinch, Miranda whirled around and sliced her hand through the air in a downward direction. A sunbeam melted Bryce's metal club. Miranda then flicked her wrist upward. Silver waves surrounded Bryce and lifted up into the air, where her hung upside down. Finally, with a sideways flick of Miranda's hand, Bryce flew across the room and landed on top of a pile of defeated flying monkeys. After silently agreeing to accept what had just happened, Violet and Nick sat Aden down on one of the blocks that had fallen out of the wall during the battle and then they stepped back to give him some space. Miranda kneeled in front of her injured friend. \"You called me Miranda,\" the princess whispered weakly. \"Well that's your name, and if I'm gonna be spending time with you, I should probably get used to calling you by it...that is, if you still want to hang out with us.\" Miranda wrapped both arms around Aden's neck and pressed her lips against his. Aden was caught off guard by the kiss, but the surprise only lasted for a second before he placed both hands around Miranda's waist and kissed her back. They stayed that way for who knows how long. But, of course, they had to be interrupted...again. \"Ahem,\" Nick coughed. Aden and Miranda broke apart to look at the raven-haired boy. \"Sorry to break up this totally romantic, totally barf-worthy moment, but isn't there somewhere that the Princess of Oz needs to be?\" \"Oh my gosh! He's right! My coronation!\" Miranda realized. \"But how are we going to get there?!\" Violet questioned. \"It took us hours to get here on horseback and those horses are long gone by now!\" After a minute of silence, Miranda came up with an idea. \"Well, I've never tried this before, but I guess there's no time like the present!\" Her friends simultaneously tilted their heads and furrowed their brows in confusion. Miranda simply grinned in apologetic anticipation. I know the mulitple outfits seem like overkill, but I really felt like they help show the different sides to Miranda's personality...plus I like describing outfits in my writing. Please don't forget to review. I spent a lot of my already-limited free time writing this and I really hope you like it. Coming up next is Miranda's coronation ceremony and then the epilogue. Oh and the links for the eclipse dresses are on my profile page. Again, please don't forget to review and I'll write again as soon as possible.[Chapter 14] Heyo! I am officially one fourth of the way through my senior year and I don't know whether I wanna cry or cheer. I'm sad that my senior year is going by so quickly, but I'm relieved that I finally have some time to relax. But enough about my life. Let's talk about how awesome my readers are for sticking with my story for so long. Speaking of which, virtual Halloween candy goes out to Queen Sea, WinterHourglass, Goldenalaska, and JamieOUAT for leaving reviews. Now, just in case you've forgotten, this is the last chapter before the epilogue and I've posted the links for any outfits/hairstyles used in this chapter on my profile page. I may write a full sequel to this story later, but for now I think I'm going to finally start on another story (I'm debating between Zoey101, Chronicles of Narnia, Sinbad, and Peter Pan). If you have a preference for my next story, please leave your opinions in the little white box all writers love so much. Disclaimer: I didn't own it in chapter 1, I didn't own it in chapter 2...I didn't own it in chapter 12, I didn't own it in chapter 13, and I still don't own it in chapter 14 {o}day of full moon- Theodora's castle{o} \"Are you sure this is a smart idea?\" Nick questioned nervously as he, Aden, and Violet stepped on to a large silver disc that Miranda had summoned out of thin air. \"Absolutely,\" Miranda assured her friends. \"My mom does stuff like this all the time. I know what I'm doing.\" \"Great! So did your mom teach you some tricks on how to do it?\" Violet asked optimistically. \"Well, uh...how 'bout them Ozzies?!\" Miranda exclaimed as she rapidly changed the subject (AN the Ozzies are Oz's best sports team...yeah I just totally made that up but you get the point). \"It's official!\" Nick cried out. \"We're gonna die, aren't we?!\" Miranda turned toward the brunette boy and grinned guiltily. \"Maybe.\" \"Not helping!\" Nick snapped. \"Look can we just forget that I haven't done this before and remember that I have my full powers now!\" Miranda argued. \"I can handle this! I've done it when I'm by myself and I'm sure adding the weight of three more people won't be too hard! Now everybody shut up and hold still!\" The three young villagers clung to Miranda as she began to work her magic. \" Virtus a luna nocte ad urbem Smaragdo adsurgere per caelum ,\" Miranda chanted. Her eyes shined silver and silver magic danced from her fingertips as the metal platform began to rise above the ground. \"Hang on tight! I'm not sure how fast this thing is gonna gooooooooooo!\" As Miranda said 'go', the disc flew off toward the Emerald City at over two hundred miles an hour. Violet almost lost her balance at one point, but Nick grabbed the blonde girl and pulled her back up on to the platform before she could fall off. Miranda smiled as she watched her two friends share a special moment. Even Aden couldn't ignore the warmth radiating from the two as Nick held Violet in his arms to keep her from falling. After a few minutes, the reflective towers of the Emerald City palace came into sight. Miranda landed the flying disc in the castle gardens and she and her friends were immediately escorted inside (after Miranda convinced the guards that her friends were heroes, not fugitives). Miranda's eclipse dress, however, turned back into her purple floral dress and black combat boots she had been wearing when she was kidnapped because she used so much magical energy to carry the four of them for a hundred miles. {o}day of full moon- Emerald City throne room{o} \"YOU CONVINCE MY DAUGHTER, THE PRINCESS OF OZ, TO REVISIT THE VILLAGE; PUT HER IN HARM'S WAY; STAND BY AS SHE IS KIDNAPPED; BREAK OUT OF MY PRISON; STEAL HER MAGICAL BRACELETS; TAKE HORSES FROM ROYAL GUARDS; AND GO AFTER MY DAUGHTER ON YOUR OWN?!\" Oz's floating head screamed at Miranda's kneeling trio of friends. \"AND NOW YOU JUST WALTZ IN HERE WITH MY DAUGHTER LIKE EVERYTHING'S OKAY?! I ONLY HAVE ONE THING TO SAY TO BEHAVIOR LIKE THAT!\" Miranda stood on the side with Glinda, who had her arms wrapped around Miranda like she was scared Miranda would disappear again if Glinda didn't hold on to her. Miranda's expression illustrated her anxiety. She had no idea if her dad would punish her friends or commend them. Aden, Nick, and Violet kept their heads down in fear. They expected some explosion to come flying at them any minute. \"THANK YOU,\" Oz said in a grateful voice. \"THANK YOU ALL FOR RETURNING MY LITTLE GIRL!\" The young adults' shoulders dropped in relief and as they looked up, Miranda could see the gratitude in their smiles. \"AND NOW, YOU WILL BE GIVEN A REWARD THAT ONLY A SELECT FEW HAVE BEEN BLESSED ENOUGH TO RECEIVE! RISE!\" Nick and the twins stood up to face the king. Deep down, all Aden wanted for a reward was the king and queen's permission for him to see Miranda. Suddenly, the giant floating head faded out and a middle-aged man emerged from behind a curtain. The man walked over to his family, put one arm around his queen and one around his princess, and looked at the three teenagers. \"You now know the most well-kept secret in the history of the land of Oz. Protect it with your lives.\" Violet pretended to act surprised, but it was hard for her to keep a believable face when all she and Miranda could do was laugh at the boys' looks of bewilderment. \"We want to show our appreciation for all that you have done for Miranda by inviting you to tonight's coronation and Miranda's birthday ball, that is if you wish to attend?\" \"YES!\" Violet squealed before her Nick or her brother could open their mouths. \"But wait. We don't have anything nice enough to wear to a ball.\" \"Luckily, the dressmaker is still upstairs. When our little runaway missed her fitting, we had to make do with her magical duplicate. Apparently, a clone does not stay stationary for very long before crumpling over.\" Glinda cast a pointed look at Miranda, who in turn looked to the side and whistled nonchalantly. \"Come now ladies. Let us prepare ourselves for the most important night of Miranda's life.\" Glinda took Miranda and Violet's hands and led them up the stairs. Once they were alone, Oz turned toward Nick and Aden and crossed his arms. \"Now, which one of you put the moves on my daughter?\" the wizard asked with a raised eyebrow. Aden and Nick immediately pointed at each other and simultaneously replied, \"He did!\" {o}day of full moon- Princess Miranda's bedroom{o} \"Y-you wanted to see me, Your Majesty?\" Beatrice inquired as she tentatively knocked on the door to Miranda's room. \"Yes, Beatrice. Wait one moment, please,\" Glinda replied. Beatrice anxiously kept her eyes locked on her shoes as Glinda stepped out of the bedroom. \"I heard that you were the one who took the Princess's magic bracelets and the one who released her three companions from their prison cell. Is that true?\" Glinda questioned. \"Y-yes Your Highness,\" Beatrice murmured. She knew what was next for her: life in prison. \"I see,\" Glinda replied. \"Well, clearly you do not deserve to be a palace maid.\" Beatrice bit her tongue and blinked rapidly to keep herself from crying. \"Instead, you deserve to be with Princess Miranda as her lady-in-waiting.\" Beatrice whipped her head up. \"Pardon?!\" \"I have spoken to Miranda and her friends and they have all told me that without your help, Miranda would not be here right now. Do you accept the position?\" \"Yes! Yes! Thank you, Milady!\" \"Well now that you are a Lady Royal, you will need a dress for tonight's ball. Come along.\" Glinda took Beatrice's hand and led her into Miranda's room, where Miranda, Violet, and Brynn were getting fitted into their gowns. \"Princess, are you sure you want to have two dresses?\" Lucille the dressmaker asked as she added some pins to Miranda's sleeve. \"What is wrong with wearing the one dress?\" \"Lucille, I love the first dress, but the traditional coronation dress design is not that easy to dance in,\" Miranda insisted. \"Besides, if anybody could pull off a design like this, it's you.\" Lucille blushed at the compliment. \"If you say so, Princess.\" With Lucille's talent, Dolly's help, and Glinda's magic, all of the girls' gowns were finished in time for the coronation ceremony. For the first time in her life, Miranda actually had friends, friends who were actually girls her age, to hang out with. And she was loving every second of it. After doing makeup, hair, and wardrobe, it looked like there were five princesses and one queen in Miranda's room. Violet was wearing a lovely pale lavender dress with lace cap sleeves, a sweetheart neckline, and a lace belt with a fake gem in the middle. She wore sparkly silver heels and her curly blonde hair was tied into a low bun with a few loose curls around her forehead. Violet also had on silvery eye shadow and a little mascara along with some petal pink lip gloss. Brynn wore a stunning red strapless dress with black peep-toe pumps. Her straight black hair was pulled up into a high ponytail with two long strands (one in front of each ear) left free to frame her face, a hairstyle that would not have looked good if she did not have bangs across her forehead. Brynn had put on light brown eye shadow, mascara, black eyeliner in the cat-eye style, and light red lipstick. Beatrice had on a simple turquoise halter dress that was cinched at the stomach with two turquoise flowers. She wore beige heels and her short auburn hair was curled and held back from her face with a gold circlet that represented her position as Miranda's lady-in-waiting. Other than her light beige lipstick, Beatrice's makeup made her look like she wasn't wearing any makeup at all. Dolly had on a light pink layered dress with off-the-shoulder sleeves and was just short enough to show off her black Mary-Janes. Since she was a china doll, she didn't have to worry about hair or makeup. Glinda was wearing a white medieval dress with gold embroidery and sleeves that almost touched the floor. She wore simple white heels that were covered by the dress. Glinda's blonde hair was in its usual loose ringlet style to accommodate her gold crown. Her makeup included a touch of sparkly gold eye shadow, a little pink blush, and a hint of peach lip gloss. Miranda, however, was the most breathtaking of them all. She wore a light green dress with gold, silver, and crystal decorations around the V-neck collar and waist that continued down the edges of the sleeves, which were floor length. It was the traditional dress style for royal women of Oz to wear on their coronation days. It was the same style that Queen Mytica, Miranda's great-grandmother, had worn when she was crowned queen at the age of eleven. On her feet were gold pumps with ankle straps. Part of Miranda's hair was braided around the crown of her skull, part of it was tied up into a ponytail, and the rest of it hung loose. The hair that was not braided had been curled into perfect ringlets down her back. Brynn impressed everyone with her cosmetics skills by mixing gold and silver eye shadow over Miranda's eyelids, adding a surprisingly subtle emerald green eyeliner, brushing on mascara, and painting on some light brown lipstick. Once they finished getting ready, Beatrice and Dolly led Violet and Brynn downstairs to the platform, where the special guests would get to watch the coronation up close. The villagers and the other citizens of Oz gathered in the massive courtyard of the Emerald City to witness the event of a lifetime. \"Are you ready, Miranda?\" Glinda asked as she tried to hold back her tears at seeing how beautiful and grown up her daughter was. Miranda took a deep breath. \"As ready as I'll ever be,\" she answered with a small smile. \"Oh, I almost forgot something.\" Glinda reached into her little golden purse and pulled out Miranda's brown leather anklet. \"You left this right in front of the palace gates.\" Miranda chuckled nervously as she took the band from her mother and leaned down to fasten it around her ankle. Glinda gently touched her hand to Miranda's cheek. \"You look beautiful, darling. Aden is going to love it.\" Miranda was too caught off guard to form a proper sentence. Instead, all she could do was open and close her mouth like a fish. \"H-how?!\" \"Miranda, I am your mother. Did you really think I would not notice the way you two looked at each other? Part of my job is knowing these things. Now come along. Your father is waiting...so is the rest of the kingdom.\" {o}day of full moon- Emerald City courtyard{o} \"TONIGHT, IT IS MY GREAT PLEASURE TO INTRODUCE MY DAUGHTER, PRINCESS MIRANDA!\" Oz announced as a floating head. \"TODAY, WITH THE HELP OF HER FRIENDS, SHE HAS ESCAPED FROM THE CLUTCHES OF THE WICKED WITCH OF THE WEST AND RETURNED HOME! NOW THAT SHE HAS HER FULL POWERS, MIRANDA IS READY TO BECOME THE CROWN PRINCESS OF OZ!\" Knuk blew his trumpet and the people of Oz cheered and applauded as Miranda appeared on the platform in a flash of silver and gold. She beamed as she waved to her people. Standing behind the princess were Aden, Violet, Nick, Brynn, Vance, Beatrice, Dolly, Finley, the Master Tinker, and the members of Oz's nobility. Miranda looked up at one of the castle towers to find Johnny and his mother waving at her. Miranda waved back. She had begged her parents to hire Johnny's mother as Miranda's new maid so Johnny's family could live in the palace without worrying about poverty or bullies. \"NOW ON WITH THE CORONATION!\" Miranda turned to face her father's projection and looked straight into his eyes. Finley stepped up holding above his head an emerald-encrusted book that belonged to the first king of Oz and contained all of the land's laws. Miranda placed her left hand on the book. \"DO YOU, PRINCESS MIRANDA, PROMISE TO PROTECT THE PEOPLE OF OZ?\" \"I do.\" \"DO YOU PROMISE TO ONLY USE YOUR POWERS OF THE SUN AND MOON FOR GOOD?\" \"I do.\" \"DO YOU SOLEMNLY PROMISE AND SWEAR TO GOVERN THE PEOPLE OF THIS LAND OF OZ?\" \"I solemnly promise so to do.\" \"WILL YOU FULFILL ALL DUTIES AS CROWN PRINCESS OF THE KINGDOM OF OZ?\" \"The things which I have here before promised, I will perform and keep.\" Glinda nodded and Miranda knelt before her parents, lowering her head just slightly. Glinda took the crown off the pedestal behind her and stepped forward. The crown was made of gold and was studded with diamonds, both of which represented Miranda's powers. There was also an emerald at every point in the crown to symbolize the Emerald City. (AN if you want, you can just ignore my crappy crown description and look at the crown yourself via the link on my profile page...I assure you even the best description could not do this beautiful crown justice) As Glinda placed the crown on Miranda's head, Oz's floating image pronounced, \"BY THE POWER VESTED IN ME AS KING OZ THE GREAT AND POWERFUL, I NOW GIVE YOU MIRANDA KIARA AVALON CELESTE, CROWN PRINCESS OF OZ!\" The crowd roared in excitement as Miranda stood up to face her subjects. \"It is an honor to stand before you as your future queen, but I would not be here today as a good witch if it weren't for the courage of a few certain individuals. Aden, Violet, Nick, please step forward.\" The three teenagers were surprised, but followed the young royal's instructions. \"These three went above and beyond. They protected the me when they could have walked away and moved on with their lives. For their loyalty, bravery, and compassion, Aden Ellis Dryson, Violet Joy Dryson, and Nicholas Axel Locksley will go down in history as heroes of Oz!\" Miranda waved her hand and gold and emerald pendants appeared around the necks of her best friends. \"And for helping these three in their dangerous quest, I would also like to honor Beatrice Elaine Jones, Vance Sylvester Strong, and Brynn Helena Townsend for their selfless actions.\" Miranda waved her hand again and more gold and emerald pendants materialized. \"My whole life, I spent my time obsessing over everything I didn't have rather than what I did have: magic powers, a loving family, more possessions than I knew what to do with. It always seemed like what I had wasn't enough to make up for what I didn't have. But over these past few days, I visited the village and I learned an important lesson. A princess is only as strong as the people she governs. Judging by those I met during my days in the village, I am so privileged, not just to a princess, but to be a princess of a kingdom so marvelous. Someone once told me that I had touched so many people's hearts without even knowing it.\" Miranda glanced over at Aden, who grinned knowing that she remembered what he said. \"If I could touch people's hearts without my knowledge, all I could imagine was the good I could do for the kingdom when I put my mind to it. I admit that I'm not perfect. Being a princess and a witch is the best job I could ask for, but there were times that I wanted to give it up and live like everybody else. Without the support and guidance of my family, my friends, and my people, I would have lost my way years ago. Thank you.\" The crowd stayed silent for a moment. Miranda tensed up, terrified that she had said something wrong. However, her fears were obliterated when her people exploded into deafening applause. Miranda looked back to see her parents glowing with pride and she put on her brightest smile. \"We love you, Princess!\" somebody yelled from the crowd. Miranda smiled even brighter. She had come up with that speech while her friends were getting ready for the ball. The inspiration had simply flooded over her like a tsunami when she thought about the life-changing experience this past week had been. \" I guess Mytica's prophecy was right after all ,\" Miranda thought. \" I did save Oz...but not before Oz saved me .\" {o}day of full moon- Emerald City ballroom{o} After giving her coronation speech, Miranda pulled Beatrice back inside so she could change into her other dress before the birthday ball began. When Miranda emerged from her room and walked toward the ballroom at exactly 11 o'clock, she was shocked to find her father waiting for her...in human form. \"Daddy?! What are you doing here?! I thought you 'killed off' your mortal body twenty years ago!\" \"I did, but I announced that in honor of tonight's festivities, I created a body for myself so I could dance with my daughter.\" \"Aww Daddy!\" Miranda exclaimed as she wrapped her arms around Oz. Oz softly kissed the top of her forehead. \"I love you, Andy.\" \"I love you too, Dad.\" \"Then let's get going before your mother thinks I'm trying to steal from the vault again. We all know how that worked out twenty years ago.\" Miranda took Oz's arm and he escorted her to the top of the grand staircase. Knuk took the cue and blew into his horn. \"Presenting His Majesty, King Oz, and his daughter, Crown Princess Miranda!\" As Aden turned around to look, his mind went blank. He didn't even realize his mouth was open until Violet reached over to close it. Miranda had kept on her crown, but the dress she was wearing was so much more her than the coronation dress. It was an emerald green one-shouldered dress that flowed all the way to the floor and had decorations on her shoulder and hip that looked like gold/silver/green fireworks. Without sleeves over her arms, everybody could see Miranda's magical bracelets glittering around her biceps. Even though it was completely different, all Aden could think of was the way Miranda dressed her last day in the village and how both outfits reflected the real Miranda instead of the Princess Miranda or the merchants' daughter Dawn. \"Thanks Sourpuss,\" Oz whispered teasingly as he walked past the royal herald. \"My name is Knuk!\" The father and daughter ignored him and continued walking down the stairs. Once they reached the center of the dance floor, the band started playing the Waltz of the Magician. Other couples began to join them on the floor. \"You know, after seeing how grown-up you look tonight, I'm gonna have a hard time calling you Andy from now on,\" Oz stated. \"Come on, Dad. I'm still your little Andy. I'll probably prove it tomorrow my testing out my new powers and tormenting the guards outside my room.\" Oz chuckled. \"That's my girl.\" Once the song finished, Oz felt a tap on his shoulder. The wizard looked behind him to see Aden bashfully staring at the ground. \"Um, Your Highness, I was, uh, wondering if it would be okay for me to ask Miranda to dance?\" Aden stuttered. Miranda smiled at her father with pleading eyes. \"Of course,\" Oz replied. He handed his daughter over to the redheaded boy and went to ask his wife for a dance. Aden gently placed his hands on Miranda's back as Miranda draped her hands behind his neck. \"You look beautiful tonight,\" Aden complimented genuinely. \"Thanks,\" Miranda said with a blush. \"And thank you for saving me. I wouldn't have been able to fight off that darkness if you weren't there to help me through it.\" \"Anytime,\" Aden responded. The two young adults danced in comfortable silence. \"Is that Violet dancing with Nick?!\" Aden asked suddenly. Miranda looked behind her to see that Nick and Violet were indeed dancing together. \"Took them long enough!\" Miranda muttered. She turned back toward Aden and saw another sparking romance behind him. That royal guard (Officer Jeffrey Kane) who had tripped and fallen into a bush while staring at Beatrice had worked up the nerve to ask the former maid to dance. Beatrice looked a little flustered but she agreed. \"Ah, romance is in the air!\" Miranda said with a smile. \"Speaking of romance,\" Aden added. \"I was wondering if, uh, you would be interested in-\" \"Princess Miranda,\" some young lord interrupted. \"How about ditching the help and dancing with a real man?\" \"No thank you,\" Miranda dismissed curtly. \"I'm happy with my current dance partner.\" The lord would not be shot down so easily though. He grabbed Miranda's wrist and wrenched her around to face him. \"Hey a princess should be with a noble, not a peasant!\" Miranda could smell the wine on the lord's breath. She tried to wriggle out of his grip, but his hand was locked around her wrist. Aden stepped in and grabbed the lord by his collar. \"How dare you lay a hand on me!\" the lord exclaimed. \"How dare you lay a finger on the princess!\" Aden challenged. \"Aden,\" Miranda cut in. \"I got this.\" Aden grudgingly let go of the lord, who smirked victoriously because he assumed this meant he won over the princess. Instead, Miranda opened her hand and blew magic dust at the lord. The lord went flying backwards into the waiting arms of two palace guards. \"Guards, throw him out,\" Miranda ordered. Oz and Glinda watched the whole ordeal as they danced at the side of the room. \"I'm impressed,\" Oz commented. \"I thought she was just gonna kick him in the shins.\" \"Yes, well, Miranda has grown up. She knows when violence is not appropriate. I guess she learned her lesson after her last encounter with a lecherous boy.\" \"Say what now?!\" Oz exclaimed. \"Remember that new maid we hired for Miranda?\" Glinda questioned. Oz nodded. \"As it turns out, Miranda saved that woman's son from the village bully, Bryce Crinch, and Bryce got revenge by teaming up with Theodora in order to force Miranda into marrying him.\" Oz sighed. \"She went through all of that and she didn't tell us?\" \"Oscar, Miranda is a young woman. She does not need to come to us for help on every little thing anymore. Besides, by the looks of it, she has somebody else watching out for her now.\" Oz looked over to see Aden and Miranda looking adoringly into each other's eyes. \"So, Aden, what was it you were trying to say?\" Miranda inquired. \"Miranda, I know you're a princess and you practically have men throwing themselves at your feet, but I was wondering if maybe you would possibly consider-\" \"Aden, are you asking me out?\" \"I think so. It depends on if the answer is yes.\" \"Yes!\" Miranda replied excitedly. \"Good. Because now I can do this.\" Aden leaned in and pressed his lips up against hers. The clock struck midnight and Miranda decided that despite the terrible beginning, this was the best birthday of her life. For the first time ever, Miranda felt like an actual fairy-tale princess...which turned out not to be such a bad thing after all. Cue the fireworks! Cue the fanfare! Cue the fluff-alert! Coming up next is the epilogue. Strap in to see all the lovey-dovey-adorableness coming up! Please don't forget to review! I worked my butt off on this chapter! Bye bye![Chapter 15] Well the epilogue has finally come. I know it's hard, but try to hold back your tears. Haha just kidding, but I really am sad that this story is over. I mean this is my third completed story, however the feeling of finishing a story is what I imagine my parents will be feeling when I go off to college next year. It's like watching your baby go off and grow up. Oh great now I'm holding back tears. * sniffles * Anyway, thank you Goldenalaska for reviewing and Queen Sea for giving me advice about my next story. Voting is still open right here: Peter Pan, Chronicles of Narnia, or Zoey101? Just leave your preference in the review box. I will probably write a sequel to this story, but I'm not sure when. Disclaimer: why can't some big Hollywood producer read my story and let me help in turning it into a movie (with me as Miranda) so I could actually say I own the rights to this story?! \"MOM! I need you in here!\" a blue-eyed girl hollered. \"It's an emergency!\" Miranda ran into the bedroom with a magical energy ball in each hand, ready to face the worst. \"Blaire, what is it?!\" \"I need your help choosing a dress for tonight.\" Miranda extinguished her spells and let out a deep breath. \"Harmony Ariel Melody Viola! How many times have I told you not to use the word 'emergency' lightly?!\" \"A lot,\" Blaire mumbled stubbornly. \"And why is that?\" \"Because an emergency implies that I'm being hurt or abducted.\" \"Exactly.\" Blaire plopped down on her purple bed, crossed her arms, and pouted. Miranda sighed as she took in Blaire's appearance. With her freckles and long straight fiery-red hair (other than a few bright blue streaks), Blaire looked so much like Aden. Her attitude, however, came straight from her mother and grandfather. Miranda gently sat next to her oldest daughter. \"Blaire, you're seventeen years old now. You're a little too old for the pouty-face.\" Blaire ignored her mother and her face remained unchanged. Miranda wrapped an arm around the ginger and hugged her close. She brushed a blue strand out of Blaire's face. \"Honey, you know I only do this to protect you, don't you?\" \"Yeah,\" Blaire muttered. \"Your Great-Aunt Theodora is still out there and she wants revenge on me, your father, and your grandparents. She would stop at nothing to get that revenge, even if it meant kidnapping you and your siblings.\" Blaire nodded. Her mother had told her the general story about what happened all those years ago when she was six, but Blaire didn't hear the full gory details until years later. Even though Blaire knew the tale by heart, hearing it straight from Miranda still sent chills down her spine. \"Now, on to that dress,\" Miranda announced as she changed the subject. She stood up from Blaire's bed, strode over to the girl's closet, rifled through the available dresses, and pulled one out. It was electric blue and strapless with silver decorations along the side and a slit up to her mid thigh. \"The color will match your eyes, your streaks, and your crown,\" Miranda acknowledged. Blaire took the dress and stared at it. How did she possibly skip over this one? \"Thanks Mom!\" Blaire said with a smile as the twinkle returned to her eyes. Miranda grinned. \"My pleasure. Now, I need to go check on your brother. You know how time flies when you hang out in the dark all day.\" Miranda walked over to the door and grabbed the handle. \"I'll send in Olivia to help you with your hair.\" Miranda left the room and sighed. How had time gone by so quickly? It felt like less than two months ago Miranda had been celebrating her eighteenth birthday and her coronation as crown princess. Now her little songbird was six months away from her own coronation. Miranda blinked away the tears that threatened to fall down her cheeks and instead went down the hall to check on her son. Miranda opened the door and entered the room, which was dark and empty...as usual. \"Noah?\" she called out. \"Come on buddy! I know you can hear me! The ball starts in an hour and a half and you need to get ready! Come out already!\" Suddenly, a boy with fair skin, metallic silver eyes, and messy straight black hair materialized from the shadows. \"Oh my - Noah! Warn me next time!\" Miranda exclaimed. \"Sorry Mom,\" Noah apologized quietly. \"You can apologize later. Right now you need to get dressed. Even though tonight is your little sister's night, you still need to dress up. All the young girls of Oz will be watching you.\" \"They'll be watching to decide what color crown they'll be wearing if they marry me someday,\" Noah uttered. \"They're only after my title.\" Miranda crossed her arms and smirked. \"Are you saying this out of genuine disinterest or because another girl's already caught your eye?\" The fifteen year old prince remained silent, but the pink tint on his cheeks spoke volumes to his mother. \"Well nevertheless you should try spending a little less time in the dark,\" Miranda advised as she moved closer to her son. \"People might start thinking you're a vampire.\" \"What's wrong with that? Won't that make them leave me alone?\" Miranda sighed at Noah's antisocial attitude before she reminded herself that he was just a teenage boy with a quiet personality. She'd rather have Noah than have a version of Nick at that age. \"No. That'll just make the girls even more attracted to you,\" Miranda joked as she ruffled Noah's hair playfully. Noah gave a soft chuckle along with one of his rare grins. \"Now hurry up and get changed. You've got people waiting.\" Miranda left the room and quietly closed the door behind her. Now all she had to do was check on her littlest. Miranda walked to the room at the very end of the hall. \"Willow? Are you ready, angel?\" The woman poked her head inside to find a little girl with wavy chestnut brown hair, freckles, and spring green eyes sitting on the bed. She was flipping through one of Miranda's photo albums. After Miranda's eighteenth birthday, Oz had collaborated with the Master Tinker to create a still-view camera that was similar to the projector used to make the mortal Oscar Diggs into the invincible Oz the Great and Powerful Wizard. This camera, however, only documented special moments for the royal family. \"I see you pulled out my picture book again,\" Miranda noted as she sat down on the pink and green flowery bedspread next to the youngest of her children. Willow looked up and smiled brightly as she nodded. \"Well at least you're dressed. You made it farther than your siblings.\" Willow nodded again. She was wearing a pale pink dress with cream sparkles around the collar and waist. Her cream-colored kitten heels sat at the foot of her bed and her hair was ready for her gold and pearl crown. \"Happy birthday, sweetheart,\" Miranda added as she hugged Willow. \"I can't believe my baby is already eleven!\" Miranda looked down at the album as Willow continued paging through it. However, Willow stopped when she reached the section of her mother's wedding. She gazed in wonder at the pictures. The mother smiled at her daughter. Miranda still remembered this day like it was yesterday rather back when she was twenty one. The wedding portion of the book looked like a pretty standard wedding album, only much more magical. The entire Emerald City was decorated for the occasion with banners and lights and flowers everywhere. The actual ceremony took place inside the throne room and the reception was set for the courtyard so that villagers who could not attend the wedding could at least celebrate with the bride and groom. The ceremony began with Dolly and Johnny leading the procession down the aisle. Dolly was wearing a light green flower girl dress and Johnny was wearing a black tuxedo with an emerald green tie and pocket hankie. Dolly threw gold and silver flower petals on the floor while Johnny carried the green velvet pillow bearing the rings. The two sets of bridesmaids and groomsmen followed behind the flower girl and ring bearer. Beatrice held on to the arm of her boyfriend, Officer Jeffery Kane, and Brynn had her arm wrapped around that of her husband, Vance. Beatrice and Brynn wore matching strapless emerald green ballgowns with flowers decorations on the side and gold heels. Their bouquets were gold and silver roses held together by green ribbon. Jeffery and Vance wore black tuxedos with green ties and gold pocket hankies. The last to enter before the bride were the maid of honor, Violet, and the best man, Nick. Violet and Nick were dressed the same as the bridesmaids and groomsmen, except Violet got to wear a crown of gold and silver flowers in her hair and Nick got a gold rose boutonniere instead of a pocket hankie. Glinda escorted Miranda down the aisle where Oz (floating head form) would perform the ceremony. Aden, dressed in a black tuxedo with a silver tie and gold boutonniere, stared at his princess in adoration. Miranda's wedding dress was white with a sweetheart neckline and wide straps over the shoulders. The dress was covered in beading for decorations and had a train that extended behind her. Miranda's veil extended down to her waist and her hair was done in the same way as the night of her coronation, except without the crown this time. Miranda's eyes sparkled with excitement. After Miranda and Aden said their vows, Finley flew over the couple in his green tuxedo jacket and sprinkled silver and gold flower petals over them. There were more pictures from the reception, including Miranda flicking cake on Aden's face, the traditional first dance, and Nick getting down on one knee in front of Violet with a diamond ring in his fingers. The proposal was not surprisiing to those who knew them and Nick and Violet were married a few months later. Willow turned to the next section of the photo album: Miranda and Aden's three children. There were pictures of the Blaire, Noah, and Willow at every age with their parents, their grandparents, their relatives, and their friends. The first pages were white and had Princess Harmony Ariel Melody Viola, Witch of Music written across the top in bright blue lettering. Pictures of Blaire singing and playing every instrument imaginable were stuck all over the pages along with small pieces of sheet music filled with the songs that Blaire wrote when she was little. In most of the group shots, though, Blaire could be found with the same two boys, her best friends, Sean and Cal. Sean was also Blaire's cousin since he was Violet and Nick's older son. Sean had curly light brown hair and his father's brown eyes, but his mother's kind smile. Cal, on the other hand, was a spitting image of his father Vance when he was eighteen. Cal had a tall muscular physique, short brown hair, hazel eyes, and a fiercely protective attitude of his friends. The three of them had been inseparable since birth. There were a few photos of Blaire with Olivia, a fifteen-year-old girl with strawberry blonde hair and blue eyes. Olivia was Blaire's lady-in-waiting and the daughter of Beatrice and Jeffery. Blaire thought of Olivia as her closest girl friend but not necessarily her best friend. Noah's pages were silver with Prince Noah Kyran Oscar Alexander, Wizard of Shadows in black cursive. Noah's section was shorter than Blaire's, partly because he was two years younger but mostly because Noah was not a big fan of the spotlight. Miranda and Aden did, however, manage to catch their son out of the shadows a few times to snap some pictures. There were virtually zero photos of the young prince with any non-relatives, but Noah did have a friend, if you could call Theo that. Theodore, known to everyone else as Theo, was the middle child of Brynn and Vance and a perfect thirteen-year-old mix of the two. He was tall for his age, but not overly muscular, and had straight dark brown hair and hazel eyes. Theo was a gentle but playful boy who was compassionate enough to be in Noah's presence without being too uncomfortable. Willow's pages were by far the most colorful of them all. Her baby and childhood pictures were pasted on light pink paper with Princess Willow Felicity Grace Patience, Witch of Animals written in vibrant green. There were little doodles of hearts and flowers in between photos of a smiling Willow with various critters. However, not all of Willow's pictures were with animals. Miranda, Violet, and Brynn had all been pregnant with their youngest children at the same time, which led to births in consecutive months. Brynn had her daughter Ginny, short for Genevieve, in January; Violet gave birth to Phoebe in February; and Willow was born in March around the spring equinox. The three girls were never apart for more than a day and these pictures proved it. Ginny was just like her mother with her deep brown eyes, short straight black hair, and fashion-centered personality. Phoebe, on the other hand, had sparkling purple eyes and long curly dirty blonde hair along with a love for art and poetry. Willow, Ginny, and Phoebe were the best of friends and always would be. They even wove friendship bracelets to make sure their promise to be best friends forever was never forgotten. Miranda loved that her children were blessed with the opportunity that she never had: lifelong friendship from a young age. But that was all in the past now. She had lifelong friends, she just met them at a later age. And Miranda woke up every morning to give thanks that she did meet her friends that week in the village. However, she did not just meet her best friends, but also her true love. Miranda couldn't help but think how astronomically different her life would have been without Aden, Violet, and even Nick. Without them, there might not even be an Oz still around. Miranda might have ended up going down the other path of great-grandmother Mytica's prophecy and destroying her kingdom alongside Theodora. \"Mommy?\" \"Yes angel?\" Miranda asked as she quickly wiped a nostalgic tear from her eye. \"Can you tell me the story of how you and Daddy met?\" Miranda smiled. She had told all of her children that story multiple times, but Willow never tired of hearing it. \"Of course sweetheart. Now, how does that story start again?\" \"'That first kiss,'\" Willow began. \"Ah yes. Now I remember,\" Miranda replied as she snuggled closer to her baby. \"That first kiss with Glinda opened doors for Oz...\" And there we go! Now of course there are other characters in this new generation and they will be expanded upon when I write a sequel. Follow me with author alert so you can read my other stories and you'll know when I get around to writing the sequel. Don't forget about leaving your vote for my next story or even just leave a review. Please! This is the end of the story and I really wanna hear some feedback about it. Love you all and thank you so much for reading Miranda: Child of the Land of Oz! ","Summary":" Hey y'all! Welcome to my first Oz fanfiction. I'm gonna write the first chapter and if I get enough"},{"Movie":"A Goofy Movie","Title":"A Brotherly Goofy Movie","Author":"Steelshadow896","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13022826","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey everyone! So, this my first story ever published, this story takes place from \"A Goofy Movie\". It's my favorite movie, eversince I was a kid! So, I've decided to revisit my childhood, and start writing a story about it! Of course, adding an oc into it. Anyways, I hope you guys like it! - Max's POV - I was in a wheat field, so windy and relaxing. And I can smell the fresh air, and then, I heard someone, calling my name. A familiar voice too, and so I tried to look for it where it was. It keep calling my name repeatedly, I ran for it, and then I saw a girl. A girl sitting on a top a of log, it was Roxanne! The girl I love, the love of my life, and the girl of my dreams, \"Roxanne?\" I said, as she saw me, she blew the dandelion towards me. And I smelled it, it was... wonderful! She jumped towards me and I caught her, but we still fell to the ground, laughing together. And, we stopped, we were looking and staring at each other, and smiling. As we try to kiss, she did the first move, as she goes towards me with a kiss but then... she gasped. \"What's wrong?\" I asked, and then I looked down and saw my teeth are huge! The sky turned dark, and the field turned into a horrifying trees! I was frightened of my teeth, not only that, my ears are starting to get long, my hands are getting big! As I was being horrified, Roxanne backed away and was terrified of what am I becoming to, I screamed in terror. My feet are getting huge, my height! As got taller, my mouth got long, my nose a got little big, and my head got a bump! Roxanne screamed in terror about my appearance, and my voice changed, and I tried to clear my throat, but I laughed in a goofy way \"Ah-yuck!\" I laughed. I woke up panicking, and gasping for air, I touched my head, face, and teeth, if anything was real, fortunately it's not. I sighed in relief, then my phone rang. I answered it, but it was bouncing off my hand and fell to the floor, and I picked it up anyway. \"Hello-\" dang my voice didn't sound right, I tried again and I cleared it \"Hello?\" \"Max! Where the heck are you man?!\" \"PJ?\" \"You should've been here an hour ago!\" \"What? What are you-? Hold on-\" I was confused when he said that, I looked to my alarm clock, it read 4:02am. Still confused I smacked my clock, then my clock turned to 7:50am! \"Oh no\" I said, I got quickly out of my bed, got my pants on the chair. \"Look, maybe we should just call the whole thing off?\" PJ suggested, \"No way, Man! It's now or never-\" I was trying to wear my pants, I got myself tangled by the phone line \"W-whoa!\" I yelled \"You better get the move on, I'll meet you on my locker!\" PJ requested, since he's been waiting for me all this time, I think. I got myself up, and yet my pants fell. And, my dad suddenly barged into my room, with a vacuum cleaner, while he's wearing a towel. \"Ah-yuck! Mornin' son!\" he said, man I hate that laugh. \"Dad!\" I shouted in annoyance and embarrassment. \"Whoops! I forgot.\" he said, then he left my room, closed my door... and came back in to my room, again. \"Ah-yuck! Mornin' son! Came to see if you have any... dirty... clothes?\" as he said that, he scanned my room. \"Ah! Well, here there they are, help yourself! I said, getting my shirt. \"Max, I thought we talked about this?\" he said, with a disappointing look, \"Yeah- look, I'm sorry, dad! I'll take care of it later-\" then I bumped onto someone, we both fell to the floor. \"H-hey! That hurt!\" that person shouted, I wore my shirt , so I can see who I bumped onto. It was my little 10 year old brother, Andy. - Andy's POV - Ugh... I think I hit my head when I fell. It hurts! \"Ugh! Andy! Next time, watch were you're going!\" really? He bumped into me, and I got hurt, and I'm the one to blame? Wow, what a nice brother I have. 'What's the big rush?\" dad asked, as I got myself up and getting what I'm about to get! If Max didn't bumped into me. \"I'm running late!\" he replied \"Oh! I can drive you on my way to work.\" dad suggested, well he is late for something. What's with him anyway? \"Ah-no no! No thanks! Uh I.. uh.. need the exercise!\" Max replied, as he exits the room. Oh, please, Max. I know that you're lying, I smirked a little, Max noticed me and just rolled his eyes instead. \"Oh come one, Max!\" dad pleaded, since he really wants to drive Max to school. When my dad said that, he sucked up the Powerline cutout with his vacuum cleaner, and of course my brother saw it, \"Dad!\" Max screamed, and panicked Max rushed towards dad, to try and get the cutout out of the vacuum cleaner from sucking it. Both dad and Max tried to get the cutout out, especially Max, he was really freaking out. As I saw them doing that, I sighed before I walked closer to them and turn the vacuum cleaner off. Seriously, instead of pulling it, why not turn it off? Is it that hard? \"Oh dad, you ruined it!\" Max said with a angry and yet sad reaction, and put it back in its spot. I kinda feel sad about too, to be honest, Powerline is my idol too. \"Sorry 'bout that... who was he anyway?\" wait what? He doesn't know- forget it! I rolled my eyes and saying \"Wow.\" . Wouldn't expect more. \"It's only Powerline, dad, the biggest rockstar in the planet.\" Max explained, \"Oh, not bigger than Xavier Cugat the Mambo King!\" what? Who the heck is Xavier Cujat? Cudat? Cupa- whatever! \"Everbody mambo!\" dad exclaimed, while he's shaking his hips. Me and Max sighed with a unbelievable look, and rolled our eyes. And then, looked to each other, sudden realization, we looked away quickly. We don't see each other eye to eye... not like before. Oh hey, I just said Eye to eye, get it? By Powerline? No? I thought so, forget it! Suddenly, dad grabbed Max's hand, and mine, and , we started dancing, I don't even know what kind of dance we're doing, while we're doing that, dad's chanting \"Mambo, Mambo, Mambo!\" , really embarrassing. \"Dad! Come one, I don't have time for this!\" Max yelled, \"What if the neighbor sees us?!\" that will be humiliating, big bro, anyway Max got up and grabbed my hand and pulled me down stairs, making our way out of the house. We made our way out of the house, surprisingly, Max is still holding my hand. Then, I heard our dad shouted our names, \"Maxie, Andy! Wait up!\" he shouted, \"You two forgot your lunch!\" he handed Max's and my- wait. My school year is over already, it's my summer, oh wait, I forgot to tell him. Oh well, free food anyway. \"Have a good day.\" he added, then he kissed Max in the chick, and me on my forehead. I didn't expected that. Then, there some guys who were laughing at us, mostly Max. I can tell they're also from Highschool, he waved at the guys with a small smile, like he didn't mind at all. \"Max, can I come with you? Ya know, to your school?\" Of course, he didn't heard me, more like he ignored me. So, he started walking with an angry expression, I sighed, and decided to follow him instead. He then, started to sing: \"They've been laughing since I can remember, but they're not gonna laugh anymore\" He bumped into our fence gate, he tried to open it, even tried shaking it. I was about to say something, but he backed away, and jumped over the fence. I was disbelieved, and yet, I did the same thing he did. \"No more Maxie the geek, No more Goof of the week, like before!\" he then stepped on the kids' marbles, making him, losing his balance. I was about to apologize to the kids, but I changed my mind, and followed Max, finding where is he going to fall from his balance. \"No more Algebra Tests 'til September!\" a random girl sang, ripping some papers, then Max fell and grabbed her waist, for support. \"No more looking at loser like him\" grabbing my brother, then throwing him to the other side, I was looking vengeful, he is so gonna get it later. When Max was on the other side, cleaning his shirt, I followed. \"No more havin' to cheat, No more 'Mystery meal!\" then a guy stole Max's lunch , \"No more gym! (x4)\" then 4 guys, throwing their underwears and headbands, making me dodge everything. Except for Max, an underwear landed on his face. \"Gonna move to the mall,\" a blond girl added \"Gonna live in the pool,\" a came up and added too, flirting at the girl, then my brother came in view, \"Gonna talk to Roxanne and not feel like a fool!\" he sang, making the two people leave, before the blonde girl did, she punched Max's left arm first. \"Cause after today, I'm going be cruisin',\" three guys on their skateboards sang, then jumped onto Max. \"After today, she'll be mine!\" Max sang happily, before ducking, \"After today, my brains will be snoozin'\" couple of people singing, while walking over passed the two old ladies, Then my brother pops behind them, singing \"If I don't faint, I'll be fine!\" making the old lady in front of him, faint. She got scared though. - Third POV - \"I've got 44 minutes of home economics\" two blonde twins sang on the rooftop, and then two twin guys sang from above them, \"Then down with the textbooks,\" grabbed their books, then throwing it, off the rooftop, \"and up with the comics!\" two nerds sang, showing their comics, \"Just think of all the time, I've been losing,\" Max jumped to some birds, making the birds flew away from him, \"Finding the right thing to say! But, the things will be going my way after today..\" students sang while celebrating, then a girl with medium-length red hair, walked by him, making Max wave at her, nervously. \"She looked right through me, and who could blame her? I need a new me.\" he looked at the Powerline cutout in the store, then started to be happily determined, \"Plus some positive proof that I'm not just a 'Goof' and-\" he was cut, by the bus passed through him. \"After today I'm going be cruisin'\" cheerleaders sand in the bus, \"No more Pep Rally's to cut 'blegh!\" two goth girls added, and sticking their tongue out in disgust. \"After today, my brains will be snoozin',\" students sang joyful, while exiting the bus, \"I'm going sit on my but\" bus driver included, before closing the door. \"I've got less then a hour, and when this is ended,\" Max looked at the clock on top of his school, and started to run quickly, as he wants his plans to be done, Andy still behind him. \"I'll either be famous-\" he slide to through the stairs, then bumping to his principal, Principal Mazur, \"Or you'll be suspended\" the principal exclaimed, then looking at the kid following Max. Andy then waved at him with a small smile, then started running to Max, making him confused, why is the kid in a highschool, following Max. \"Just think of all the time I've been losing, waiting until I could say!\" all students at the sports field sang, \"Gonna be on my own, kiss the parents 'Goodbye!', Gonna party from now 'till the end of July!\" a marching band sang, \"Things will be going on my way, After today!\" every students sang in delight, together. Then school bell rang, making all of the students look at the school, \"I wish that this was the day, After today...\" Max sang the final line, as he was about to go down the stairs, he tripped over it, \"Ah! Ow! Whoa! Oof!\" he fell to the ground, and the people around him, laughed at him That's all folks! There might be some mistakes though, it's my first time afterall. And, I had a hard time writing the lyrics, and the actions, of course, adding my oc Andy, to the scenes. Anyways, I hope you guys liked it! Chapter 2 will be out soon! (I think, I'll be working on it)[Chapter 2] Sorry for the long wait, I've been very busy lately, due to my school projects, schedules, and events here. Now, I'm having a dance practice on my school, these weekdays. So, I think it might take me a while to write the next chapter, I'm so sorry! It took me like 2 weeks to finish this chapter this, cause of my schedule, again, I'm so sorry! But anyways, Enjoy! - Andy's POV - I was about to climb up to Max, but. He tripped over the stairs, and fell to the ground. Making the students around him, laugh. I'll be start writing all of their names down, just kidding. I don't even know them. I was about to help him get up, but a girl with a red hair helped him get up first. \"Are you alright?\" the girl asked with worry on her face, holding his hand, \"Yeah, yeah I'm okay. I just- ah\" then got a little scared when he saw her face, Yet, I don't even know what he's saying anymore, the only words I understand was 'there', 'came', 'uh', 'saying', 'ah', yeah, only those. I was about to sit on a chair, Then, I heard him laughed, \"Ah-yuck!\" , I looked up to Max, covering his mouth due to embarrassment. Yet, the girl was giggling, while I'm disgusted, yet I was laughing a little. Come to think of it, she must be Roxanne, he was talking about earlier. She is kinda pretty... NO! You're too young, Anderson Goof! You are 10 years old, don't forget that! But, she's- shut up! Anyway, Max is so embarrassed, he ran and grabbed my hand surprisingly, pulled me with him, and we went inside the school to get away from her. I wouldn't blame him, he was nervous and scared. Oh well. - Max's POV - \"I can't believe I did that!\" I said disbelieved, \"She finally says 'hi' to me, and what do I do?! I joke! Ah-yuck!\" I was so so embarrassed and disappointed of myself of what I did! I've been waiting for that moment, for a long time, for her to say 'hi' or even 'hello' to me, but I blew it! Argh! But, wait. When I was running earlier, I didn't even realize I was holding someone's hand. To be honest, I didn't even felt it, when I ran. I looked over to see who, and I can't believe... it was my brother, Andy. \"Andy! What the!?\" I'm shocked, I let go of my brother's hand, \"Don't be surprised!\" he was frustated, \"What!? It Doesn't matter, what are you doing here!?\" I asked angrily, \"Isn't it obvious?! I asked you earlier, 'can I come with you?', but then again you didn't heard me! So, I have no other choice but to follow you!\" he replied, \"But, this is HIGHSCHOOL!\" \"Do I look that dumb to you? I know! Besides, it's your last day of school, and it's my summer already, and I want to be with you!\" I got a little angry, when he asked that question, sarcastically, but wait. \"Wait. It's your summer?\" I asked, curiously \"Yeah, since last week.\" he replied, but I'm still curious \"But- how- when- how did-\" I don't even know what's coming from my mouth anymore, \"About that, I forgot to tell you, and especially dad. I keep forgetting.\" he replied, making me not curious anymore, \"Oh.\" \"Sorry, by the way.\" he said, his face turned frown, then he turned the opposite way. \"A-Andy? Where are you going?\" I asked, concerned. \"Ummm... home. I think, I'll go home instead.\" with that said, he started walking away, \"W-wait! You can't go home all by yourself!\" \"Don't bother, I can still remember which way we went, when we got here.\" \"Andy, wait!\" I stopped him, then he faced me, \"Look, I-I'm sorry! I was just worried that you're here, I didn't know you were following me. It's a highschool and you're the only kid here, and fine, you can stay here if you want.\" I told, he's just a kid, I can't just let him go home all by himself, dad's gonna kill me! After that, he smiled a little, walked back to me, I grabbed his hand and we start walking together \"Oh, by the way, don't blame me if you get in trouble.\" I warned him, afterall he's the one who wanted this, \"Okay, you'll blame me afterwards anyway.\" he whispered enough for me hear it \"What was that?\" I told, pretending I didn't heard it \"Nothing!\" - Andy's POV - When my brother said 'you can stay here if you want to ', grabbing my hand, and started walking together, I felt kinda... happy. He barely even do this to me, when I was 5, we always play together. Usually, he asks me first before I ask him. He always cheers me up whenever I feel sad... but... everything changed... I don't know what I did wro- forget it! Stop thinking, Andy! Just stop... We were walking passed the lockers, then we saw PJ, Max's friend finding something in his locker or whatever. \"Hey PJ.\" my brother greeted sadly, \"Where have you been, guys?!\" PJ yelled, didn't even noticed me \"I don't wanna talk about it, dude. Did you get the came-\" my brother was cut off by PJ's sudden realization, \"Andy?!\" he shouted, I knew he'll notice me eventually \"Max, why is your little brother here?! AT A HIGHSCHOOL?!\" PJ asked shoutedly \"Don't even ask, dude. And stop shouting! Someone will hear us!\" my brother exclaimed, \"Anyways, did you get the camera?\" \"Look Max, if my dad catches me with this, he'll kill me!\" PJ said, worrying. Hold on, what are they doing actually? \"Are you sure we gotta do this?\" \"It's my only chance, Peach. To Roxanne, I'm just a nobody... After today-\" then a light shined at us, really blinding \"Bobby!\" my brother shouted, and I finally got my vision a little clear, so I can see him He was drinking at the water fountain, with a straw? Seriously? Me, Max and PJ walked closer to him, and my brother was amazed. \"Woah, this is for us?\" my brother still amazed of the... TV...? with a... projector below it...? I think? Ya know what, forget it! \"Oh, this gonna be great man-!\" he was cut off by Bobby not giving him the 'thing' to him \"Dude, need fundage, bruh.\" of course, we gotta pay him first \"Oh! For you, yeah yeah, right here.\" Max said, getting something in his bag, making me curious. He then, handed it to Bobby, I wonder what is. Then Bobby gasped, \"Cheddar!\" he shouted, then began shaking the canister \"Cheddar! Cheddar! Cheddar! Wheez!\" he chanted, then began spraying the cheese canister to his mouth, eating it. Making Max and PJ, looked at him with disgust, while me, I'm about to puke, ew. He then, appeared from behind us, \"Let's do it ladies!\" - Third person POV - At the assemble of students for announcements. Students are going wild, and shouting with joy, for their summer is about to begin in a few minutes. Throwing papers, lifting their hands up, etc. And, one girl on the stage, with orange hair, sun hat, and glasses, giving a speech to every students, for the last day of school, the girl's name is Stacey. \"As student body president, I just wanna say, yay! To all of us for a really neat year!\" she was cut off by one of her classmates, a nerd. \"Yo, Stacey! Talk to me! Talk to me! Talk to me, baby!\" he shouted, making Stacey feel irritated. She continued with her speech, \"And also, that I hope you can all attend to my totally amazing, and a school party next Saturday, to watch Powerline concert live on pay-per-view!\" with that said, students began screaming even more, with excitement due to the concert live. \"Thank you, thank you very much!\" she thanked, \"And now, without further ado, Principal Mazur!\" with that said, every student became silent, \"Thank you, Stacey!\" he thanked Stacy while she's exiting, \"And goodmorning, boys and girls! You know, every year on the last day of school, I have several youngsters approach me and saying 'Principal Mazur, what can we do to not waste our summer vacation?\" with many words have said, students began to yawn and sighed, due to the boredom of the principal's speech. Looking at the girl with red-hair, Roxanne. A guy came up behind her and ask her, \"Say ah, Roxanne. About Stacy's party?\" he asked On the stage, behind the curtains. Max is peeking, watching the girl he loves, talking to a guy. Made him nervous. Now, he wasn't sure if he wants to do this, anytime soon. But, something keeps him motivated. And, that is the girl he loves. He wants her to notice him, just like the little encounter earlier. With a embarrassing part of his, but that won't stop him, not now or ever. - Andy's POV - So yeah, PJ informed me about their plan is, well usually Max's plan. He told me Max's the one who planned everything just to impress his crush, Roxanne, if I remember it correctly. As I mentioned, she's beautifu- don't you say it! I was a little shocked, when he informed me, Cause, what will the outcome be? after interactions? Did he think the after math? Oh well, it's his choice anyways, I just hope things will worked out like he planned. To be honest, I thought that 'this is gonna be fun!'. Anyways, I was just sitting on a speaker, watching them preparing. Then, I noticed my brother, peeking through the curtains. Suddenly, he came back in, he was breathing heavily. I don't know if he was seen, then he pulled his zipper up on his chest. By the way, he's wearing a Powerline costume. \"How you-ah... How you doing there, Bobby?\" Max asked Bobby looking to him nervously, \"Don't give me that attitude you guys! I'm doing all this for you!\" he whispered angrily, like we're rushing him. What does he mean ' don't give me that attitude '?! Max was only asking, Then, PJ is wondering around, and holding a camera up his face, complaining \"This is nuts! I don't why I let you guys talked me into this, if my dad finds out, he's gonna nuke my entire existence!\" I can tell he doesn't want to be part of this, obviously. His foot got tangled by a wire, he tries to get it off by shaking his foot, I knew what's about to happened. He fell out the curtains. I quickly got up and rushed over to him, I grabbed his arm, pulling him back to the curtains. Luckily, no one saw him, especially the principal, he didn't heard him, we were close to him. \"T-thanks, Andy!\" he thanked me, \"No prob.\" I welcomed him, we both laughed quietly, \"What happened?\" my brother walked and asked us \"PJ fell and-\" then he cut off, \"Andy! I thought I told you to sit on the corner!\" he yelled at me, say WHAT?! \"Wha?! I was just-!\" \"Now, you almost ruined everything!\" \"But I didn't-!\" then PJ joined in our little argument \"Both of you stop!\" he commanded us, making us both looked at him \"Max, you need to chill out, and stop blaming your brother!\" PJ defending me from my brother's argument \"But he-\" \"Max listen, I fell because of the stupid wires, okay?! If it wasn't for Andy pulling me back inside, people have seen me!\" he explained to him, that made me tear up, I tried to wipe it away, but I kept on crying My brother noticed me crying, he sighed and walked closer to me kneeling infront of me, wiping my tears with his hands. \"Andy. Look I...\" I didn't looked at him, \"Andy... I didn't mean to blame you, okay? I didn't know. I'm sorry.\" he apologized, and me still now looking at him Then, I started heading towards to where I was sitting, still a frown on my face. I can still tell PJ and Max are looking at me, I didn't bother. I was just looking down at my hands, circling my fingers, like I'm playing with them, even though I'm not. - Max's POV - I didn't mean to make him sad or make him cry. I didn't know what happened, and of course I had to blame my brother. Cause, sometimes kids his age, can be a little annoying. But him? I just want him to behave for like 5 minutes without screwing things up! But, when PJ told me, that he fell because of the wires and Andy pulled him back inside... I think a went little too far. PJ is closer to my brother, whenever I'm mad, I start to blame my brother, or even had to start an argument or a fight , PJ steps in and stops us. He tells me to chill out, and I can't argue with Andy, it will only make it worse. He does have a point, I do get carried away sometimes. But this time... I've crossed the line. Making him cry, makes me feel guilty, But, sometimes I think that he's a 'cry baby'', he is sensitive. I can't blame him for that. Now, seeing him made me really guilty. I sighed and I looked to my right where PJ is, who's already looking at me, more like glaring. \"What?\" I asked Still looking at me, I think already know what it means \"You and I need to talk later.\" he said, looks like I'm in trouble \"But I-\" he cut me off \"Let's just get this over with.\" \"*sigh* Fine, I hope this works.\" - Third Person POV - At the assembly, \"How about Science slumber party?!\" Principal Mazur said it with a thrilled expression, trying to make the students interested but, The lights turned out, and a big screen lifting up. With that, Principal Mazur is confused what is happening, but he assumed that one student is doing this, With the screen had been lifted, it revealed Max with a Powerline costume. But, Mazur cannot identify who it is, for he is wearing shades. As Mazur tried to say something, Bobby pulled the lever, and the principal is out of the scene! Now, it's Max's turn. \"Some people settle for the typical thing, Livin' all their lives waitin' in the wings. It ain't a question of 'it', just a matter of time Before I move to the front of the line.\" Now, students are cheering with joy, for the little 'concert' Max pulled, but they didn't know it's him. Other's are dancing on their chair, shouting 'yeah!', and singing along. Roxanne on the other hand, is charmed by Max, she is liking the performance of his. Stacy looks at her then looked away, realization she looks back at Roxanne, giving her a little smile, Roxanne didn't bother, and still watching the performance. \"And once you're watching every move that I make, You gotta believe that I got what it takes!\" Max is dancing from behind, with a camera recording him. It was going well, until Max stepped on a wire, making him trip over outside the screen, ripping it then revealing himself to the crowd. \"Stand out! Above the crowd, Even if I gotta shout out loud! Max is looking around from his surroundings, students and his classmates' giving him a applause. Shouting and cheering, with Max still looking at them. Then, looks to his left, Bobby laughing, PJ laughing nervously, and Andy. Not sad anymore, but dancing behind them, those steps are just like the steps his dancing. Max thought that Andy, watched the video also. Max chuckled. \"Till' mine is the only face you'll see! Gotta stand out, till' you notice me!\" Max then looks infront of him, he saw Roxanne smiling at him. He smiled back, then walked towards her, dancing. And Bobby with a fire extinguisher, smoked the floor saying 'A little smokeeeee! Ahwooo!' . \"If I could make you stop and take a look at me, instead of just walkin' by.\" With confidence, Max moon walked, and the crowds are amazed. \"There's nothin' that I wouldn't do, If it was gettin' you to notice me, I'm alive.\" Max then got closer to Roxanne, trying to be smooth to her, Roxanne blushed a little. Suddenly, backed out with a pose. \"All I need is a half a chance, a second thought, A second glance to prove, I got whatever it takes!\" Bobby found a hook with a rope, grabs it. He showed it to PJ, thinking that would be a great idea. PJ thought of it, but gave him a 'not sure' expression. After that, PJ crawled through to Max, attaching the hook to his belt, he crawled back, giving Bobby a thumbs up, he nodded. Bobby pulled the rope, \"It's a piece of cake!\" Max suddenly flew to the air, making the crowd surprised. Max flew through to some students, passing the blonde girl who said 'Wow, who's that guy?!' , like she amazed by him, and want to know who he was. \"Stand out! Above the crowd, Even if I gotta shout out loud!\" Max then flew through some basketball players, and handing him a ball, Max took it, and get's a 3-point shot. Max flew through where Roxanne was, trying to reach for her hand. But then... \"Till' mine is the only face you'll see, Gonna stand out-\" The music stopped, and Max flew back going crazy on the air, he then bumped to his principal, Mazur pushed Max a little to have his space. With that, Principal Mazur took off his glasses, and revealing Max. Students gasped, and one even said \"Hey, it's the Goof boy!\" , Roxanne on the other hand, is smiling. Bobby, holding PJ on the neck and Andy to his body, Bobby saying \"We're busted!\" , they truly are. PJ is struggling to get away and Andy is trying to escape from him \"Let me go!\" he said. Andy then looked at Max, who's already looking at him with a sad face, and gave him a apologetic look. - Goofy's POV - \"Abooboo! Ah-yuck! Come on! Smiule!\" I said, trying to make the little girl smile, while I take a photo of her, \"Smiley Wiley!\" I included, but nothing seems to work \"Oh, Come one Kimmy!\" I pleaded, for her to smile \"Gimme a big-!\" I squeezed the toy I was holding, but then, the squeaker he came out and went to my mouth, and I accidentally swallowed it! I made a squeak sound, then I covered my mouth. Then, I heard a laughter. It was the little girl, I giggled. With that, I started to take photos of her, while making her smile. Then, someone walked right behind me, I looked to see who it is, it was Pete. I squeaked at him, he then smacked my head, and I fell to the ground, \"Stop goofing around! We've got work to do!\" he exclaimed, I stood up, shaking my head, cause of my dizziness. I picked up Kimmy, and still making her smile. I handed Kimmy to her mother. \"Oh, you have such a way of children.\" she praised me, well of course! I have my little boys, Maxie and Andy afterall! Ah-yuck! \"Oh, you have such a way of children! Pah!\" I heard Pete imitated little Kimmy's mother and, but I didn't bother. \"Okay now, who's next over here-\" I was then cut off by Pete, who shoved me out of the way. \"Step aside Goof! Let a pro show you how it's done!\" then, he pushed me and I fell to some toys. I got myself up, a little dizzy again from the fall. I quickly got my vision cleared, I noticed Pete, getting kicked on the leg by the little girl, then she started to run around. I laughed a little, then made my way to the camera to take the photo, but Pete is trying to catch her. Ah-yuck! \"Come on, honey! It's picture time!\" \"Peekabu!\" \"She's so cute!\" \"Peek-abu!\" the little girl said it again. I remember when Andy used to play hide 'n' seek, with me or Maxie! Me and Maxie, we can't find him anywhere, until we say 'we surrender', those were the days, Ah-yuck! \"Gawrsh, Pete! You sure are good with kids!\" I complimented \"Oh yeah! Well, they love me.\" then he put the little girl on the table, where I will take the picture. \"Ahah! Why PJ, he's been begging me to take him on vacation this summer!\" \"Really? Where ya going?\" I asked curiously \"Camping! Nothing like the great outdoors to strengthen the bond between a father and a son!\" he replied, and me getting the teddy bear, and giving it to the little girl \"Oh. Max would never go for anything like that, and Andy-\" I was about to say something about Andy, Pete cut me off \"I don't know, Goof. Something's wrong when kids won't spend time with their parents! Or for all you know, their running around with some gang, and stealing stuff, and causing riots-\" he stopped when the little girl cried for the teddy bear, to give it back \"Oh, Max and Andy are good kids! They never get mixed up in something like that! Especially, Andy! Me and him, went fishing last year! He caught many, he's really good at it, ah-yuck!\" I praised my youngest son, he always ask me to go fishing with him every summer. Without Maxie though, but that's okay. \"Hmmmm... Still Goof, you don't know, what the two, are might be doing now.\" - Andy's POV - I should've stayed at home, I am so gonna get in trouble. Now, I'm sitting outside of the office with Bobby and my brother. PJ, well. He's already inside the principal's office, I can already imagine what punishment, he's about to get. With the principal finding out, that I wasn't in my school. He'd thought, that I ditched school. But, I've already explained it to him, that it was my summer, since last week. Which is, he didn't believed every word I said. So, after my brother's conversation with his principal, he'll call our dad. Why do I feel like I'm having a bad day? I was just sitting here, thinking. Then, I heard my brother saying something to himself, I looked at him, \"I'm a failure... complete loser. My one chance to impress Roxanne and I blew it.\" he said, I'm a bit sad when he said that. Then, he noticed me looking at him, I looked away quickly. Then, I glanced a little, and he's still staring at me. Suddenly, he hugged me. I did not expect that, it's been awhile, but I knew what that meant. So, I hugged back. And, Max's the first one who broke the hug, and returning to his spot. I was speechless. But... that didn't matter. Atleast I get to have another hug from my brother... again. Then, Bobby ruined the moment. \"Huh. Max, Andy, look! It's the Leaning Tower of Cheeza!\" he said, showing us a complete replica of the Leaning Tower of Pisa, then begun eating it. Max and I, looked at him, grossed. Then, I heard a door opened. Revealing PJ... paralyzed? Cause, when walked out of the office, he didn't looked at me or my brother. \"Oh man. My dad is gonna smash me like a bug!\" now I get it. Max and I, looked at him with worried. It's a good thing he's done talking to me! He didn't talked to me that much. \"Robert Zimmeruski.\" I heard Bobby's name getting called, wanting him to be next. \"Okay! I'm comin'! Here Andy, guard this with your life, dude.\" he handed me his canister, I'm a bit confused. So, I looked to Max, and tried to ask why, with an expression. He just gave me a 'shoulder up', he doesn't know why either. And so, Bobby made his way to the office, with the TV thing again, I still don't know what it is. \"Heeeeeey! Mazhur! What's up, bruh?!\" he said to the principal, \"Way to say 'hi', Bobby.\" I whispered, then laughed a little I put the canister down to my left, where Bobby was sitting on earlier. My brother then, covered his face, like he doesn't want see anyone, nor wanted be here. Now, I'm staring at my brother, thinking if I should comfort him, I know he's probably depressed right now. But, I don't think he'll listen, I will try though. As I was about to put my hand on his back, and say a something to him, I heard two girls talking, and I saw them walking to the counter, where no one is there. Now, I've recognized them, the girl with a hat and glasses, was Stacy who was at the assembly earlier. And the other girl, holding her books, and with a red hair, Roxanne. They're talking about the Powerline concert next week, and the party at Stacey's house. And, I noticed, she saw me and my brother sitting, well mostly Max. She smiled. \"Too much?\" Stacey asked Roxanne, she's not paying any attention to Stacey anymore, she's still looking and smiling at my brother. \"Roxanne! Are you listening?\" she asked, before looking to the direction where Roxanne's looking at, us of course Stacey smiled, while Roxanne is walking towards us. Then, Stacey pushed her to get closer to me and my brother. \"Stacey! I don't wanna-!\" she whispered \"Talk to him!\" Stacy commanded \"Ehem!\" Roxanne said, trying to make Max notice her, it didn't work. She looked back to Stacy, giving her a 'What should I do?\" expression. \"Tap him!\" As she was about to tap my brother, she noticed me. I looked away, cause I was blushing, and I thought she have already tapped my brother. I glanced a little to see, she was smiling at me. I was still blushing! But, I think she's trying to make me do something, I guessed it quickly. \"Oh! I... uh-\" still blushing! \"Please?\" she asked me politely, I sighed and nodded \"I... okay.\" \"Thank you.\" she thanked me Then, I tapped my brother's shoulder, he jumped, for I think, he thought it was the principal, making him scared, and he made Roxanne dropped her books and notes. He didn't even looked at Roxanne, he looked at me, glaring, why I did that! I then, pointed to his left, where Roxanne was standing at. He followed, now he's shocked, and became so nervous. Roxanne gave him a little smile, my brother gave her as well, a worried one. Then, she kneel down, to get her stuff. Max stood up and did the same, he helped her. \"My gosh, I'm sorry.\" my brother apologized \"It's okay, really.\" she replied, as she reached for the paper... where my brother is about to reach! Now, both of them end up... holding hands! I got shocked, and they stared at each other. My brother let go of her hand, and Roxanne took the paper. Looks like I got a sister-in-law, awesome! \"Um... I liked your dance.\" she said \"Yeah...\" sudden realization of my brother \"Yeah? Yeah, it's from Powerline's new video.\" \"I know, he's... he's totally a genius.\" \"Yeah, he's doing a concert next week in LA!\" \"Oh yeah! Stacey is showing it at her party next week, at her place.\" \"Yeah.\" \"Yeah.\" \"Can you guys say something else, instead of 'yeah'? I suddenly interrupted them, Max looked at me angrily, and giving a 'Don't you dare' look. I realized and covered my mouth, so I won't say anything. Now, I wish I didn't interrupted them on their conversation. Roxanne laughed a little, Max heard it and looked to Roxanne, \"Oh! Almost forgot, who is that little cutie with you?\" she asked, then I blushed, cause I knew who she's talking about. And, I don't like being called 'cute'! \"Oh! Um...\" Max looked at me, and giving me a sign, I realized what it is and I got up quickly, and walked to my brother's side \"Roxanne! This is um... My little brother... Andy.\" Max introduced me \"H-hi.\" I greet shyly, but she walked closer to me, now I'm even more blushing \"Hello there, Andy. How old are you?\" she asked me \"Um... I'm 10.\" I replied \"Oh! Why are you here in a highschool? Kids aren't allowed here.\" she exclaimed me \"I just... wanna be with my big brother... It's my summer and... I don't have anyone back at home.\" I sadly replied to her \"Ahhh. It's okay!\" after she said that, she kissed my chick. I got surprised, and I smiled at her, she smiled back. Then, my brother interrupted, \"So, uh, Roxanne!\" he said \"I was a... sort of, kind of thinking that... maybe I'd ah... asked you to go with me... that is to the party. Of course, if you don't want to I'd completely understand-\" Roxanne then cut him \"Well, I was sort of, kind of thinking that... I love to!\" she exclaimed him \"Yeah?!\" Max asked excitedly \"Yeah.\" Roxanne replied, \"Good.\" \"Great.\" \"Terrific.\" \"Wonderful.\" \"Alright.\" \"Okay.\" Then, I interrupted them... again! \"Can I come?\" I asked, making both of them looked at me \"Andy! No-\" I knew what he's about to say, but Roxanne cut him off \"Of course! I love to see you there, little cutie! Max, your little brother will come too, right?.\" she said and asked Max Max then, looked at me. I gave him a sad puppy look, begging him for me to go with him. \"Ye-yeah! Of course!\" he said, I got little excited and I smiled at them, and Roxanne smiled back to me, and patted me on the head, \"Come on, Roxanne! We don't wanna be late to our schedule at the moment now, do we?\" Stacy informed Roxanne, cause they have to go \"Well, I better be going.\" \"I'll uh... call you later.\" As they both said that, they waved at each other goodbye. I can tell Max is so proud of himself, I giggled a little of his achievement. But... this happened. \"YES! SHE SAID 'YES'! WOO-HOOO-HOOO!\" my brother excitedly shouted, making me surprised and my mouth open with shock, And with that, he got the office lady's attention, who was typing some papers, I think. \"Everybody, Mambo!\" Then, he went over to her and grabbed her hand to dance along with him, the same phrase and dance, that dad used it earlier. I was embarrassed by my brother, doing that all of a sudden. I was about to sit down on my chair, he suddenly, grabbed my hand and making me dance with him! It's so embarrassing! Then, I heard a door opened, revealing Bobby and the principal. Bobby was mumbling about something to me and my brother, while the principal ordered the office lady, to call our dad immediately! Why is this happening to me?! That's all for today! I'll try my best to write the next chapter, quick! But, I hope you guys liked this chapter! Stay tuned for the next! See ya![Chapter 3] Took so long, didn't it? I'm so sorry! I have so many school activities that kept me busy for days (weeks)! But, I've manged to finish this (barely). But, I hope you'll guys like it! Enjoy! - Goofy's POV - As I about to get a picture of my youngest son, Andy, in my wallet! I heard the phone rang, I went to pick it up first, it might be very important afterall! Customers too! But... \"Hello?\" \"Ah yes, Mr. Goof.\" I've already recognized who's voice is it, it was Max's principal at school. \"This is Principal Mazur, I'm calling in regard to your son, Maximilian.\" Garsh! What?! I hold the phone tightly with my left hand, because I'm worried! \"Oh my gosh! Is he hurt?!\" I asked him, so worried. \"No, Mr. Goof. He's in trouble!\" he replied, tr-trouble? \"Trouble? What kind of trouble?\" I asked again, still worried, and I was circling the telephone wire with my left hand, \"Dressed like a gang member!\" he replied ,w-what? \"Gang member?\" I repeated. \"Your son, caused the entire student body to break into a riotous frenzy!\" he said, making me breath heavily of Max's behavior, it can be! \"It can't be my-\" I was about to say, it wasn't max but he cut me off. \"Not only that Mr. Goof! It wasn't only Maximilian, and his friends caused the such riot!\" W-what? Not only Maxie? What does he mean? \"But your younger son as well!\" \"My y-younger s-son? Andy-\" what? I-it can be. \"If I were you Mr. Goof, I'd seriously reevaluate the way you're raising your children, before they end up in the electric chair!\" he shouted. \"The electric chair?\" he hanged up, and I sat down on the chair, where it was behind me. With the principal said all of that, it made me sad, and questioned myself 'What am I gonna do?', I murmured. I didn't know Maxie could do such a thing... and my sweet innocent little boy, Andy is involved too. I don't want them to end up in the electric chair! They're both kids! I need to do something... but what?! I was sitting on a chair, thinking 'what should I do?'. Then, a blue light shined right through me, I looked what it is. It was a stand, full of bubblehead fishermen. It made me have idea. so I walked closer there. I picked one and stared at it, I touched the head, making the head wiggled. And, that's I got an idea \"Lake Destiny.\" I smiled. - Pete's POV - \"Okay, kiddo! Now smile-! I was about to take the picture of the little girl infront me, until that good-for-nothing Goof showed up, \"Lake Destiny Idaho!\" he cheered. \"Lake what-?\" I asked, I got a little confused. \"You were right Pete! Nothing like the great outdoors to strengthen the bond between father and son! You've said so yourself!\" \"Hah. Well yeah, but I-\" Goofy cut me off, as he runs towards the crowd, leaving the building, and mumbling 'I'm going fishing with my boys!' . It made me a little annoyed, and I was relieved he left. And, I went back to finish the job, but... \"Okay precious, give a big smile-\" the little was gone! Then, I heard her laughing, and running through the crowds. This was not fun for me. - Max's POV - The school bell rang, and it was summer! All of us in school made our way out, and I am so so happy.! Finally! No more boring classes, no more books, and mostly, no more Maxie the geek! I was walking towards the exit, with my little brother with me, minding our own business. Then, two guys came up to me, \"Cool concert, lad!\" \"You did well, bud!\" They complimented me! This is so awesome! Now, I finally have been noticed by other students, and they're praising me too! And, a girl walked behind my back, flirting me. \"Hey Max, wicked dance.\" \"Thanks!\" I said, and Stacy pushed her away unexpectedly \"Forget it girl! He's Roxanne's!\" she said, as she still pushes the girl away from me, I have to thank her for that. Otherwise, Roxanne will lose interests in me, and my efforts will be nothing! Suddenly, PJ hopped onto my back \"Way to go, Max!\" he said \"PJ!\" \"I just heard about you and Roxanne!\" \"Oh Peej! Ow! Get off me!\" I dropped him to the ground, he was so freaking heavy! \"See?! See?! I told you our plan would work!\" more like, my plan. And, this was the first time, that's ever happened to my life \"Max Max Max!\" PJ keep repeating my name, I tried to make, him shut his mouth. But, Bobby joined in as well. Then, cheerleaders, and now everyone! They keep on repeating my name, and giving my compliments . I ran on to them, they moved out of the way for me to go through, then they gave me an applause! This is most awesome thing ever! But wait... why do I feel like I'm forgetting something? - Andy's POV - Unbelievable. I never thought, that this would happen to me. Me. I just wanted to be with my big brother, and watch the 'concert' he pulled off. I thought everything is gonna okay... Until... HE LEFT ME! Here! With everyone giving him the attention, cheerings, and applause! Without even noticing that there's a kid here at a highschool! How am I supposed to go home now?! I completely forgot, which way me and my brother went! Just great! I was about to walk over PJ, then one guy noticed me, and uh oh... why is he glaring at me? \"Ummm... kid?\" he said, oh no. I gasped, and didn't say anything. \"Who are you?\" he asked, made me afraid \"I... um... uh- \"Who are you kid? And, just what do you think you're doing here, brat?\" \"I'm... Andy. Andy Goof.\" I introduced myself to him, and still scared of him. \"Wait. Goof? Your last name is Goof?\" he asked again, with his eyebrows up, like he knows me. I nodded. Suddenly he shouted, \"Hey everyone!\" getting the every people's attention, \"This kid's name is Andy! And his last name is Goof! Like Max!\" wait what? When he said that, I looked at my surroundings, they're now focusing on me! They were silent, I can tell they're scanning me. They're not robots though, just trying to know who I am, Suddenly, everyone became loud! \"OMG!\" \"Say whaaaaaaaaaat?\" \"He's a Goof?! \"Max has a little brother!\" \"Goof boy has a brother?!\" \"For real?!\" \"He's so cute!\" \"I didn't know Max has a baby bro!\" \"He looks so adorable!\" The girls were delighted, while the guys were surprised, cause they didn't know Max has a younger brother, me of course. Oh, by the way, I AM NOT CUTE! AND I AM NOT A 'BABY' ! \"Look at him! He's so freaking adorable!\" \"He may be cute, he looks handsome too!\" \"For a young one, he looks attractive already!\" Ummmm... why is this happening to me? I'm too young for this. \"He looks so much like Max!\" \"You idiot! It's his brother!\" Okay, that made me giggled a little. As they're saying all that stuff about me, I can tell they're also coming closer to me! I panicked a little and backed away slowly, cause they're coming even more closer! I heard someone shouted my name, I looked for who and where it is. It was PJ and Bobby, trying to reach for me, they can't even go through because of the crowd! \"I wanna hug him!\" \"Bro! I'm sure you know how to skate, just like Max!\" \"Can I have your autograph?!\" \"Will you be my little brother?!\" \"Your big brother danced well, I'm sure you do too!\" They keep on saying that, and getting closer to me! I tried to back away even more, unfortunately I hit a wall! Now, I know I won't go anywhere! PJ and Bobby were still trying to reach for me! BUT THEY COULDN'T! So instead, I said, \"Oh crap.\" - Max's POV - I made my way home after everyone gave me the appreciation I deserve! But still, I keep on thinking, that I may have forgotten something, I can't put my finger on it. Whatever, it doesn't matter anyway. As I made my home, I kicked my door fence, so I can get it. I saw my dad carrying some boxes and stuff, then I asked him. \"Going somewhere, Pap?\" \"Sure are!\" he replied. \"Cool, have a good time, dad! If you're gonna be gone more than a month, drop me a line!\" I said, while he was putting the stuff in the back of the car, \"But Max, this isn't just my vacation, it's a vacation with me and best buddies!\" \"Oh, Donald Duck?\" I asked again, since his close friends with Donald Duck and Mickey Mouse \"No silly! With you and Andy!\" w-what?! When he said, I got shocked! I don't wanna go! A trip?! Where are we going?! With him?! And Andy?! Then, I fainted. Everything went black. - Andy's POV - \"Thanks for the ride!\" I shouted \"No prob, kid!\" \"Stay cool, lil' dude!\" \"I wanna hug him more!\" Please, I had enough \"Girl, give him a break!\" Thank you! \"Hope you'll be at the party, lil' guy!\" \"Yeah! I hope Max brings you at the party!\" I sure do hope so... They've waved and keeps on saying friendly goodbyes to me, then the bus' engine started, as it's ready to drive off \"Bye!\" I happily waved goodbye, And I can see three girls are crying, why? Cause, those were the girls, who keeps on hugging me like a stuff toy, and pinching my cheeks, it hurts... I made my way to my house, I opened the fence door, and saw my dad. I was about to call him, but something caught my attention. I saw my brother lying to the ground, like he was sleeping or something. That made me worried, a little. Even though, he left me earlier at his school, I still have to forgive him, his my big brother. I walked slowly straight to my dad, as he was trying to wake Max up. I tapped my dad's back to get his attention, and so I did. - Goofy's POV - I tried to help my son, Maxie, waking him up! I don't know how he fainted! Oh gawrsh! I only said 'we're going on a trip.' how the heck did he fainted?! As I tried to make my son regain his conscious again, I felt a touch behind my back. I turned to look who it is, it was my little boy, Andy! \"Oh Andy! You're finally here!\" I shouted \"Hey dad.\" he replied \"Quick son! Get a towel in the car! In the front!\" I commanded him, He ran towards our car, while I make Maxie to wake up again. He got the towel, and ran back to me, he gave me the towel and I wiped Maxie's forehead. \"Dad, what happened?\" my son asked, \"I don't know, son. I was only telling him that we're going on a trip!\" I replied. \"A trip?\" \"Oh right! I almost forgot to tell you! Ya see son, I thought that, we should spend more quality time together! And the trip is... we're going fishing! \"Whoa! R-Really?! Cool! Another fishing trip!\" my younger son happily shouted, I knew he would get excited about the trip, Ah-yuck! \"So dad, where are we going this time?! A new spot?!\" \"Lake Destiny Idaho, son! Where me and my dad went when I was your age. With you, me and Maxie!\" I happily replied to him. But, his excitement faded. He didn't moved, he was only staring at me, with like a 'shocked look'. Suddenly, he fell to the ground, knocking him out. \"Andy!\" I shouted, and I rushed for my younger son's aid, he was completely unconscious like Maxie! Now, I don't know what to do, too much goof to handle. - Max's POV - I felt like I got hit in the head with a rock when I fell, I fainted afterall. I opened my eyes a little, and I saw a figure standing in front of me, but I couldn't recognize who it is, cause of my vision, blurry. I tried to make my vision clear to see who's infront of me, it was my dad. Oh no. \"Are you okay, Maxie?\" he asked, and he panted my right cheek. \"What did you say?\" I asked also, ignoring his question. He got me up, and hugged me. \"That's right! A vacation son! We'll spend some real quality time together!\" \"I think I'm gonna be sick.\" I said, he didn't heard me though, he was still hugging me! It's true though, I thought I'm gonna puke of what he said. \"Hey, got a present for you!\" he said, then ran towards the car to get the 'present' for me. I was just standing in front of the house and watching my dad on his car, while thinking 'Why now?' , I thought. I looked to my right cause, I heard someone breathing. It was my brother, Andy. He was lying on the ground, like he was unconscious. I walked a little closer to Andy, to make sure that he is unconscious. Suddenly, he moved, and I stopped. He was getting himself up, while I watch. He put his left hand on his head, like he had a headache, and he looked at me. \"Big brother?\" he asked, making sure it was me. But, I didn't stopped just there. I went to my brother and grabbed his shirt, and I looked at him angrily. \"Wha-?! Big brother, what are you-\" I cut him off. \"Don't play games with me, Andy!\" I said. \"Wait what?! What are you talking about?!\" \"I swear, Andy! Did you tell him?!\" \"What?!\" \"Did you tell dad?!\" I kept asking him, since he doesn't want to answer me. \"I don't know what you're talking about! Let me go-!\" \"Andy! Stop asking me back, and answer me! Did you tell dad that, what happened to us at school?! And, got him to think, we should go on a trip?!\" I snapped. Then, I suddenly realized, I went a little too far again. I let go of my brother's shirt, and backed away a little. I looked to the car, if our dad heard us. Luckily, he didn't, still getting the 'present' thing. I looked back to Andy, who's already tearing up, again! I was about to walk closer and put my hand on head, but he smacked my hand, \"Andy, wha-?\" he cut me off \"Big brother, why are you doing this to me?! I don't even know what you're talking about! And what do you mean by 'got him to think we should go on a trip'?! I didn't okay?! He said that when I got here! I have to take the bus with your classmates, because you left me! You didn't even noticed that I was there! You didn't bother at all!\" he exploded, then he burst into tears. \"I didn't tell him anything! It was the principal, remember?!\" That left me speechless, I forgot Principal Mazur called our dad. I didn't said a word, just standing there. Still looking at my brother, crying, and trying to wipe to tears from his eyes. I walked a little closer to comfort him, then my dad came back. \"Here son!\" he grabbed my hand, twisting me, changing my clothes, and spinning me around! Now, I was wearing a hat, an inflatable life vest, and dive shoes. Oh, and holding a paddle. There was a trigger attached to the life vest. My dad pulled the trigger, and my life vest inflated, making me look like a rolly polly. My dad looks at me happy. \"You were just like I did at your age.\" he said, no please. \"Please don't say that, dad.\" I replied, but he ignored my comment. \"Wait! I saved the best for last, ah-yuck!\" again with the laugh! While he said that, he was holding a box, he blows the dusts off. \"It's been handed down from Goof to Goof to Goof! And now, it's yours son.\" he showed me inside of it, what the heck is it? \"A stick?\" I asked confused. \"No silly! A fishing pole!\" he exclaimed, a what?! \"Fishing? We're going fishing?!\" I shockingly asked, anything but that! He handed me the fishing pole. \"Yup! Just like my dad and me did! Two best buddies fishing on Lake Destiny! Away from it all!\" he said and acting like he was giving poetic speech. \"I don't wanna be away from it all, Dad! I like it all!\" \"Hey look, Maxie. We're using the same map, me and my dad used! We'll take the same route, and make the same stops, and see the same sights!\" he said while showing the map, and I was disbelieved. \"But that trip would take weeks, Dad!\" \"Exactly! Getting there is half the fun!\" he said, I pushed the map away, and giving a mad expression. \"Careful, son. You'll wrinkle my past. And our future! What the map says, Max, we will follow!\" \"That's very mystical and everything, Dad, but, uh, seriously, there's this party I have to go to...\" he cut me off, and smacked me with his map. \"Oh, there'll be plenty of time for parties when you're older, Maxie.\" he scolded me. \"Why, when I was your age I'd never even been invited to a party! And look at me now!\" he gave a ridiculous posture. \"Great, dad.\" I whispered My dad walked to the car and opened the door. \"Hop in, Maxie!\" he said, but I refused to get in, and I closed it. \"No.\" I replied My dad on the other hand, I saw him trying to make an idea, for me to get in the car, don't even try old man. Then, my dad gave me an sad expression. \"Alright, then. Guess I'll just have to go... all alone.\" he said, acting dramatic. \"That's all. Just sit in a boat... all alone.\" he continues, \"And talk to myself... all alone.\" \"I guess so!\" I brightly replied. \"Aw, come on! Hop in!\" he opens the door again, \"No, Dad!\" I shut it. \"Just hop right in there!\" he opened it again! \"No!\" I shut it again. \"Come on, Maxie, Go for it!\" my dad opens the door, and lifted me up, and stuffed me inside the car! And. put the seatbelt on me. \"We're ready for take off-!\" my dad said happily, but he stopped. I got a little curious. So I looked, and I saw, he's looking at Andy. He was still crying! I am so in trouble! - Andy's POV - I didn't bother looking at them, especially Max. I was just standing in front of our house, looking at the ground. And, trying to wipe my tears away. I didn't even do anything to him. I just got here! He left me at school, and I have no other choice to but to, take the bus with his classmates! Why does he have to blame me on every fault he made for himself?! WHY?! Just forget it! The silly thing is... I still forgive him. No matter what I do, and what he does... he's still my big brother. I was just standing and wiping my tears off. I heard footsteps coming to me closer, until I saw my dad's shoes. I looked up to make sure it was him, it is him. He looked at me, while the tears are still on my eyes, I quickly rubbed my eye fast. \"What's wrong, son?\" he asked, worried \"It's nothing, Dad!\" I replied \"Is it Maxie again?\" When he asked that question, I looked up to him. I'm surprised he guessed it, but I didn't answer. Except, I looked to the car where my brother was in, staring at the window. He was worried, that he'll get in trouble if I tell Dad the truth, Dad would probably kill him or something. So, instead I said... \"N-no, Dad. It's not big brother.\" \"Are you sure, Andy? I could talk to him- \"No really, Dad! It's nothing, I got a little headache! Remember? When I fell to the ground, it hit my head first. It hurts so badly, and I cried! It still hurts, though.\" I lied. \"Are you really sure?\" \"Yeah, Dad! I had a short nightmare too!\" not so logical me. I'm not really good at lying, I'm just a kid afterall. But, it's just enough for him to believe, yet he did. \"Well, okay, son. Here hop on my back, and I'll carry you to the car!\" he said, he kneels in front of me, and I hopped on his back, and starts to carry me, all the way to the car. He opens the driver's seat, and puts me on the back seat. I happily smiled at Dad, then. I got a little glanced from my brother, he was staring at me, I knew he was thinking of what I did. So, I just looked at my left window instead. \"Set for adventure, Andy?\" my dad asked, I nodded \"Maxie?\" of course, my big brother is always the opposite one, \"Why are you doing this to me, Dad?\" he sadly asked \"Cause I don't want you and Andy end up in the electric chair!\" my dad replied, worried \"Electric chair?\" I whispered, and confused, what is he saying? Then, dad hugged big brother which deflates the life vest he's wearing. It's a good thing I'm not wearing what he's wearing. \"Electric chair? What are you-?\" \"I'm not giving up on you, son. Together, we're gonna work this out.\" \"Work this out? But, Dad-\" \"No buts about it, Maxie boy! Your ol' pop knows best!\" dad handing him the fishing rod. \"But...\" my brother sadly silenced, he knows there's no point on reasoning with Dad anymore. My Dad started the engine backed out. \"Goodbye, house! Goodbye, mailbox!\" unexpectedly, my dad ran over our fence! Then, turning into the street. \"Goodbye, pile of broken woods!\" seriously, Dad? My brother looked out of the window sad, and said something. \"Goodbye, hopes. Goodbye, dreams. Goodbye, Roxanne-\" he stopped, and oh boy, I wonder what will happen, he mentioned my future sister-in-law. \"Roxanne!\" he said, turning to Dad. \"Dad, I gotta stop somewhere first! I have to talk to someone!\" he quickly said. 'Well-\" he was cut of by big brother. Max grabs the wheel steering it, and the car swerves down on other side of the street! I screamed, trying to hold on my seatbelt in fear. He knocked a fire hydrant while, still continuing on the road, after that, we stopped on someone's house. I'm guessing that's Roxanne's house. My brother gets out of the car. \"Now, make it quick, Maxie boy. We gotta put some road behind us!\" Dad added, while I'm gasping for air. - Max's POV - I walked out the car angrily, why? Cause I have to cancel my first date with Roxanne, that's why! Like seriously?! This is my opportunity to be with her, but my Dad has to take me on trip with him and Andy. Oh, I remembered I have to apologize to Andy for... shouting at him earlier and... for grabbing his shirt. But, I assume he won't talk to me along the way, or even look at me, I've crossed the line this time. But, Andy didn't matter now, what matter's, I have to talk to Roxanne. I walked straight to her house, and I'm mumbling. \"You get to cancel your first date in less than an hour!\" I mumbled, and I stopped at her door, and I ringed the doorbell. \"Must be some kind of lame-o record!\" I heard the door opened, I thought it was her, but I thought too soon. It was mean looking person, and he's growling at me! \"H-Hi! Is Roxanne home?\" instead of giving a straight answer, he growls at me more! \"Oh, m-my name is, Max! Does Roxanne live here?\" I gave him a hand shake, he didn't interact, he growled at me again. \"Does Roxanne live here? Does she even live on this block?\" I backed away a little nervously, and a little scared. I was about to walk away, then I heard Roxanne's voice. \"Wait!\" she showed up, still beautiful... \"It's okay, Daddy. Max is a friend from school.\" wait WHAT?! DADDY?! THAT\"S HER DAD?! I was surprised to see her Dad, in person that quick, I didn't even know it was her Dad! He patted Roxanne, while he turns at me growling again, and turns back inside. \"Go on. Go on. Good Daddy. Hey, Max.\" Roxanne turns to me, but I mumbled something, I didn't understand it. \"You wanna, uh, have a seat?\" she asked, while mumbled something again, I snapped myself out of it, and she went to a porch railing, I helped her to sit on it. I heard a growl again, I saw her Dad peeking through the mail slot. I put my hands behind my back and grinned nervously. \"Daddy!\" Roxanne said, and the mail slot closed. \"I promise he'll be better behaved when you pick me up for the party.\" \"Yeah, that's, uh, sorta why I came by.\" I said, sitting on the porch. \"I'm really looking forward to it, Max.\" \"Yeah, I was, too.\" I sadly replied, \"Was?\" she asked, I could tell she's disappointed for what I've said. \"Well, you see my dad's on this stupid father/son kick, and-\" \"Oh, don't worry about it, Max. It's just a dumb party.\" I jumped down to Roxanne, holding her hand. \"No, it's not! Roxanne, I really wanna go with you. I- \" No, Max, I understand. Really, sometimes these things happen...\" \" My dad surprised me, I don't even want to go! But, I have no choice-\" and, I didn't expected this to happen. \"I'm sure I can find someone else.\" my world exploded \"S-Someone else?\" I nervously repeated what she'd said, \"I'll just talk to you later.\" she walked away from me, to get inside of her house, like she doesn't want to see me, cause I can't make it to the party! \"Roxanne!\" I tried to think of an idea as fast as I could! I can't let her be sad or disappointed because of me! Then, I said... \"Um, uh, Roxanne, uh, my dad is, uh, My dad's taking me to the Powerline concert in L.A.!\" I said, putting my hands below my mouth. \"Your dad is taking you clear across the country just to see a concert?\" she asked, \"Well, uh, you see, my dad, uh,\" I tried to think again what word should come out of my mouth. \"knew.. knows! Knows Powerline! They used to play together! In a band! Yeah!\" I lied. Then, I heard our car horned. \"Come on, son! Let's get this show on the road!\" my dad shouted. And I took a quick glance at my brother, who's looking at the opposite window. \"Just a minute, you... party... animal... you.\" my dad look confused, then grins. Eh! Creepy! \"You really serious?\" she excitedly asked, \"If your dad knows, Powerline. Does your brother know him too?\" I knew she would ask that eventually! \"Well, um, ye-yeah! But Andy didn't get to know him, he was just a baby when Powerline met him.\" I lied again. \"Really? Cool. You're sweet little brother is lucky to met him, though, he was a baby.\" she laughed, and me too, sarcastically. \"So uh, you aren't still thinking of going with someone else, are you?\" I asked nervously again. \"Well, I guess...\" \"Because! I was hoping I could, uh, wave to you on-stage when we join Powerline for the final number!\" \"This is incredible\" she touched my chest, and I held her hand. \"Well, I wouldn't miss our date for anything that wasn't incredible, Roxanne.\" I said. Then, the unexpected thing happened again. She kissed my cheek! I dreamily went out of her house and staggered back in to the car with dad and Andy. \"Have a great time at the concert, Max!\" I didn't heard her, I was busy mumbling about something. \"I'll see you on TV!\" then my fantasy stopped, as I realized what I've done. \"I'm in deep sludge.\" I whispered, went in to the car, while my dad started the engine. I looked at her one last time, she waved goodbye. While, I was sad. I don't know what to do next. Sorry for keeping you guys on waiting for the new chapter! It has been really stressful for me this past few days (weeks). School activities, really got in on a bad timing. That I barely even touch my desktop anymore. I have to publish this first, if I add the other story here, along with the song 'On the Open Road', this chapter will be too long. So, I have to cut that one first. And, I can't keep ya'll guys waiting for too long! I have to write it sooner or later! But, I managed to publish it. And, I hope you guys liked it! Oh, what do you guys think of Max, being too harsh on Andy? Stay tuned for the next![Chapter 4] Finally done! Took me three weeks to write it, along with projects, homeworks, events and periodic exam! Oh, and this chapter may be short. Let's get to the story! - Third Person POV - Goofy and his two sons are off to their adventurous trip, leaving the city for a little while. While Goofy was driving, he was recording everything with his camera. \"Day one: Well, here we are, out of the open road! Retracing the steps of my boyhood!\" he said, then turning on to Andy, who looked very happy and excited. \"Here's Andy! Say \"Hi\" son!\" \"Hi! Ah-yuck!\" Andy said, quickly covering his mouth for doing his embarrassing laugh and smiled a little. \"Well, aren't you a chip off the old block! Ah-yuck!\" Goofy praised his son cause of his laugh, even though Andy didn't meant to do that, still he giggled. \"And here's Maxie!\" the camera now showing Max, who looked depressed and looking at his window. \"Say, 'Hi', Max!\" his father shouted, Max looked at him, then returning to the sight where he was looking at. \"Well, how about a wave?\" \"Not now, dad.\" Max puts his hand in front of the lens to cover himself. \"Ah-yuck! What a kidder!\" Goofy said as he puts the camera down, then notices Max look really depressed. And, turned to Andy if he's okay, he was looking at his window with a smile on his face, and Goofy smiled too, turning back to Max. He gets an idea and takes out out a list from one of his pockets. \"Fun games I used to play with my dad.\" he whispered to himself, checking his list of games. \"Road to Bingo... Twenty-\" Goofy stopped and gasped, returning back to Max. \"Hey, Maxie! Let's play a game!\" Max looked at his father. \"You think of a name, and I'll try guess who it is. Uh, man or woman?\" Goofy happily asked. Before, Max says something, Andy jumped from the back seat, excitedly. \"Ooh! I got one! Man!\" he shouted, Max was disgusted. Andy noticed his brother, and quietly sat down back from his seat. \"Man, huh? Hmmmm... That's a toughie, Andy.\" he thought carefully. Andy laughed quietly at him. Though, Goofy knew Andy was good at 20 questions. Andy thinks of a name, Goofy guesses who it is, and opposite. Still, Goofy was trying to think of a person, then. \"Walt Disney!\" \"Right.\" Max replied, showing no interest. \"I'm good at this! Now, I'll think of one-\" before he was gonna ask, Max a question. Max turns on the radio which plays a acid rock. He started doing air guitar, Andy did the same. Though, Andy didn't expect that kind of music playing. \"Oh! You want to sing a song, huh?\" Goofy shouted, since the music was too loud. Then, getting a 8-track tape from underneath his radio. \"Me and my dad used to sing this all the time!\" Goofy puts the tape on the radio, which interrupted the rock music, and plays a different song, one of Goofy's favorite song with his father, 'High Hopes'. Max and Andy stopped, both of them looked at their dad singing. Max got angry, while Andy was laughing a little. Max thought it was too embarrassing, so he changed it back to rock music. Goofy stopped, and changes back to High Hopes. With that, both of them kept changing the music, back and forth. \"Ummmmm... guys?\" Andy spoke, behind them. But, they ignored him, continuing on their doings. Andy got concerned, and noticed the radio was smoking. \"Big brother, dad! Stop doing doing that! If you keep on changing the music, the radio's about to-\" before Andy says anything, the radio malfunctioned. Releasing the tape, and exploded. \"Explode.\" Andy finished. \"Oh, great, dad! Now we don't have any music!\" Max said angrily. Returning back to his spot, looking at the window. \"Oh, Maxie, it's not so bad. We just have to entertain ourselves!\" Goof replied, trying to make Max cheer up. Max sighed, Goofy turned at him, then to Andy who was sitting quietly, thinking what he should do to make them happy. Then, Goofy heard a beat, he confusedly looked to where it was coming from, then he looked down. The beat was established by his car keys. He turned to his side mirror to see the car backfiring following the rhythm, then the frying pans, Goofy began to whistle he tune. Max still depressed, Andy on the other hand, was listening. \"Do you need a break from modern living?\" Goofy sang directly at Max, but he wasn't happy at all. \"Do you long to shed your weary load?\" Goofy cheerfully sangs to Max, still Max was still grumpy, but Andy was dancing to the beat. \"If your nerves are raw and your brain is fried,\" Goof suddenly grabbed Max to his shoulder pulling him close to a hug while driving. \"Just grab a friend and take a ride, together upon the open road!\" Max tries to free himself from his father, while his brother is still dancing to the song. \"Come on, Maxie! Ah-yuck!\" Goofy shouted. \"All in all I'd rather have detention!\" Max grumpily sang, unhanding himself from his father. \"All in all I'd rather eat a toad! Goofy was distracted by what he said, then quickly turns to the road. \"An old man drives that's such a klutz, That I'm about to hurl my guts, directly upon the open road!\" With that, the three continued on the road. \"There's nothing can upset me, cause now we're on our way! Goofy was about to sing the next line, suddenly Andy joined in. \"Our trusty map will guide us straight and true!\" Goofy was a bit surprised, but he smile and patted Andy's head before unwrapping the map infront of him. \"Roxanne please don't forget me! I will return someday.\" Max was sad, then he took a glanced at the road and screamed, Andy saw it and screamed too. There was a construction site infront of them, and Goofy was not paying any attention. \"Though I may be in traction when I do!\" With Goof still looking at his map, both Max and Andy closed their eyes. Goof ran over the construction site, without damaging the car atleast. Then, three of them started to sing after by after. Goofy: \"Three of us relaxing like the old days!\" Max: \"It's far worse than dragon breath and acne!\" Andy: \"In a buddy-buddy kind of mode!\" Max: \"I'm so mad I think I may explode! Goofy: \"When I see that highway I could cry! Max: \"You know, that's funny, so could I!\" Trio: \"Just being out on the open road!\" The three safely drove off, then to their left, they came across a pick up car, with a pianist playing from behind. Then, three cow girls appeared from behind as well. \"Howdy boys! Is this the way to Nashville?\" Turning to their right, was a truck with grumpy driver. \"Watch it, Mack! or you will be getting toad! And, to their left again, was a prisoner in a paddy wagon. \"I'm in no hurry to arrive, cause I'll be turning sixty-five, \"The next time I sees the open road!\" Goofy was concerned, turning to both of his sons imagining them in a striped prison uniform. Goofy got scared and worried, he drove away quickly. \"Just a week of rest and relaxation!\" A small driver sang, on his car with his large wife. \"And the odd romantic episode!\" Max and Andy stared at them, surprised. Both: \"Very odd!\" Then, focusing on Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck, who where going hitchhiking. Mickey saw and waved at them. \"And it's Californ-eye-ay or bust! And, looking what it seems like race car but an old little lady was driving it. With her cats. \"Look out you dirt bags! Eat my dust! From now I'm on the open road!\" The old little lady then drove fast and quickly. \"It's me, Maxie and Andy! My two pip-squeak pioneers!\" Then, joining a car with nuns with a ukelele. \"Their edges forever \"Westward Ho! Ye-Haw! Max was still depressed, he was thinking he shouldn't had come at all, he suddenly saw a limousine driving fast. \"Could someone call a taxi and get me out of here? To Beverly Hills 90210?\" Max then looked from behind. Revealing a fire truck, a circus car, a married couple on their car, a flower delivery car, a car full of balloons and another limousine with a person tide up from the trunk. \"Oh, everyday another new adventure!\" \"Every mile another new zip code! and the cares we had are gone for good!\" Max then sang, \"And I'd go with them if I could!\" Then, everybody from Goofy's surroundings sang, every driver. Except for Max. All: \"I got no strings in me, I'm feeling fancy free! How wonderful to be on the open road!\" Everybody cheered happily, and finished the song. Goofy and his sons drove off to the sun set. As I've said from the previous chapter, that I have to cut some of the scenes and songs for the unfinished chapter so it can be short, cause if not, the chapter will pretty long and so hard to write it. So, I wrote the scene \"On the Open Road\" first, then other scenes for the next chapter. And this, so short, afterall it's a song (a catchy song), and some other people in it. With Andy singing with Max and Goofy, was quite fun to write. But, anyways I hope you guys like it! Andy: \"See ya next on the chapter! Ah-yuck![Chapter 5] Hey everyone, Rowan here! I just want to say thank you for those who like/love my first story \"A Brotherly Goofy Movie\"! It is my first story ever published, and I wasn't expecting so many reviews related to the story, especially Andy's POV! Thank you so much! Here are some reviews that I liked: AU Over Canon: (To Max Goof): Aw, that's so sweet, hugging your little brother. Guest: Max should be very lucky to have Andy as his own little brother who'd rather save Max from getting into trouble with Goofy. Guest: (To Andy Goof): You surely have a scary big brother. Guest: What do we think of Max, being too harsh on Andy? Sorry, but it's rather tough to answer. Has Goofy seen Max being too harsh on Andy before? AU Over Canon: Sorry, but I'd love to see Max hugging Andy again. Guest: (To PJ): You're closer to Andy Goof whenever Max gets scary. Guest: I know Andy Goof's your original character, but who will be the perfect voice of Andy Goofy despite the fact that nobody ain't perfect? Tbh, I liked the last part, hahaha. I never thought would say that. My OC, the perfect voice for Andy? I didn't know what to say when I've read that! But, thank you so much for that review. As for the reviews that are filled with questions like \"What made Max distant towards Andy.\" And etc. Well, I can't spoiler you guys. You guys have to wait, I'm working on the next chapter, though it might take awhile. But, as of now, I can't update the story due to no internet connection, and family outing (for Christmas). Actually, I don't have internet like a week or 2 weeks now, why? Our wifi is broken. We don't know what happened to it, and now, my parents are going to replace our wifi with a new one. So, it might take awhile. And I apologize for it. But, as soon as I have internet connection, I'll continue on updating it, I promise. Oh, spoiler alert: *Andy: Yeah, it's been a awhile. I haven't talk to you eversince you moved... big brother.* That's all! See ya! Ah-yuck![Chapter 6] Andy's POV - This. Trip. Is. Going. To. Be. AWESOME! I couldn't control my excitement! I can't get the song out of my head! I keep on singing it over and over and over again, I kinda liked it, heck even dad is singing it. After that, everything went back to normal, dad is looking at his map again, and my big brother is the same as usual. While I'm humming the song we sang earlier. And something caught my attention... a truck! Even thought it's kinda far away, I can tell it's heading straight right towards us! I looked to my big brother, and I wanted to tell him, but I can't! I was shaking! But whatever! I finally have the urge to speak, \"B-b-big brother...\" I said, but he didn't heard me. \"Big brother.\" I called again, nervously. He didn't heard me again. I have no other choice but to shout, \"BIG BROTHER!\" \"Wha-?! Andy?!\" he finally heard me, \"What?! What's wrong with you?!\" \"I... uh... um...\" I can't spill the words cause I'm shaking, and I was trying to say it! \"Well?!\" he asked again, angrily. I pointed my finger in front. \"Wha-?\" he was confused when I said that, when he heard the truck horn, he glanced up and his expression turns concerned. Big brother looked alarm, while I'm panicking. The truck horned at us again, suddenly, big brother grabbed the steering wheel and turned us back to the right lane, and the truck past through us just in time. Big brother looked at the truck that passed by to us, while I'm gasping for air! Still panicking! \"Dad, you're gonna get us killed!\" big brother said it to dad who's still looking at the map. Oh, and that word \"killed\" is not helping! \"Why don't you just give me the map?\" he offered, just to make dad give him the map. \"Oh, no thanks, son.\" dad declined. \"Navigating is a big responsibility!\" dad exclaimed, and now paying attention to us. \"Besides, you wouldn't want to spoil the big surprise. I'm taking you both someplace pretty special!\" he finished. Now, I'm curious, for what it is. Then, my dad pulled into a some sort of park? I think? There's a giant possum- wait a minute. \"Gawrsh! It's better than I remembered!\" dad got excited, my brother was disbelieved, and I'm still curious, it was familiar to me. \"Hey dad.\" I said \"Yes, Andy?\" my dad glanced at me. \"What is this place?\" I ask suspiciously \"Oh, Andy, when I was your age, my father used to take me here everytime! It's Lester's Possum Park!\" my dad replied, still excited. \"Lester? Possum? Isn't that a TV show?\" I asked again, \"Yeah! You always watch the show everytime it's on! Ah-yuck!\" he exclaimed. Now, I know what it is, I smiled and got a little excited. Lester was my favorite l, and I didn't know there was a park! I glanced to my right where my brother is sitting and he was staring at me, disgusted. I know why, for liking that show. He doesn't like it every time I'm watching the show, he changes the channel. Which I go directly to our room whenever he changes it. Then, I looked outside- \"No! Mommy! I don't wanna go!\" I heard a little girl screaming. And, I think it's her mother dragging her through the entrance to the park, she looked really scared, afterall the entrance is a mouth of a possum, I'm not that scared, it's just an entrance. \"Yeah, fun... Tell you what I'm just gonna wait right here in the car.\" my big brother said, not so interested \"Ah-yuck! You party pooper! Come on! This is gonna be fun!\" Dad then grabbed me and my brother's arm and pulled us out of the car and in to the park. We made our way in the park and... a theater? Well, it's a small theater and full of audience. Me, Dad, and big brother walked through some people and made it to our seats. And, I gotta be honest, I'm a little excited, cause I haven't been in Lester's Possum Park, heck I don't even know there was a park. \"Howdy there, folks. Lester's is proud to present the Possum Posse Jamboree. Here it is.\" the old announcer said, I think you might wanna retire from your job, you're really old. After that, we made it to our seats, then the audience clapped, especially dad. Then suddenly, the music started, the curtain opened and showed a little stage and four holes in the ground of it. And one of the holes, came out a robotic possum... Wha? Lester? \"Howdy, folks! Who's your favorite possum?!\" shouted the wooden robotic possum, why does it look like that? \"Lester!\" several audience shouted, including dad, except for me and my big brother. I'm kinda scared... \"Let me introduce you to the posse! There Buford, Beulah, and Mordechai!\" When the creepy \"thing\" said that, three possum came out each of their holes. I still remember their name's. Though, Mordechai, has a terrible entrance. Electricity that is. \"Hey, Lester, ready for yodellin'?\" said Mordechai, still broken. \"Sure am, Buford.\" replied Lester- wait. Buford didn't asked him, it was- \"Now, gather 'round, my possum pals, and join the jamboree!\" When Lester started singing and his friends were playing their instruments, I was really creeped out. \"Come hoot 'n' howl 'n' holler from the heart!\" This isn't really what I expected at all. \"This is pathetic.\" I heard my big brother beside me. He was not liking the show, so am I. \"And every chicken, pig, 'n' goat'll help by yelpin' out a yodel, here at Lester's Possum Park!\" I was starting get scared, so I turned to my right. Then, I saw my brother, who's already staring at me. \"Don't tell me you like this?\" he asked me, disgusted. \"I liked it better on T.V.\" I replied, and he wasn't surprised by my answer. \"Join in folks! It's yodelin' time!\" shouted Lester as he turned to us. Many people joined in on the 'yodeling\", including dad. I didn't bother, I was too scared. I took a quick glance from my brother, by the looks of it, he ws getting really disgusted. \"Lester's Possum Park!\" Then I saw Mordhecai's head exploded, and was still performing. I suddenly felt a hand on my left shoulder, it was brother holding me. I think he knows that I'm scared. So, I hold onto him, I did noticed that he was shocked that he saw Mordhecai's head exploded. \"Well don't you want to be, a'hanging from a tree? We're mighty glad to see ya and the parking's always free!\" Lester then begun breaking down, this isn't fun at all. Then, for some reason, he got back up. \"Here at Lester's Po-Po-Po-Possum Park!\" With them, sang the last line of the song. Everybody ran towards the exit quickly, including. My brother then unhanded me, and walked towards the exit. I took one last look at the puppets, and I got more creeped out, then ran away. \"Hold up! Wait for me big brother!\" I followed my brother to the exit. - Max's POV - I can't believe this! This is so unfair! I can't believe that I have to come along to this trip and watch a stupid show! It's not even that interesting, not one bit! I have to cancel my date with Roxanne JUST FOR THIS?! This is so frustrating! I walked out of the shack just to get out of that pathetic show, what can you expect from that?! A freaking rat that barely even works properly! I have to hold my brother cause he's scared, he's a baby to be exact! As I walked out, I heard my brother calling me, but I didn't bother to stop for him, I'm too frustrated to stop. \"Hey that's the ticket!\" I heard my dad with his camera on his face, I walked up behind him. Andy caught up, behind me and hold onto me. I didn't bother to make him let go of me, nor I cared. \"I'll be right back, my little possum pals!\" I took a look at where he was going, it was a souvenir stand. You gotta be kidding me. \"My life's a living h-\" as I was about to finish my words, a man in a possum costume came from behind. \"Hello, little buddy!\" I was not pleased, I turned my back on him \"Who's your favorite possum?\" he said, coming around on my front. He doesn't get it, does he? I noticed that he was facing down, I looked down too. He's looking at Andy, who's still scared, holding me and hid behind me, can he ever stop being a baby? \"What's the matter little one? Are you scared?\" he said with a comforting tone, my brother nodded. \"Come here, little buddy! Let me give you a big hug!\" are you serious? With that, I was disbelieved. My brother let go of me, and walked slowly towards him, finally! Then, he picked my brother up, and hugged him for a quick second, then puts him down. \"There you go, buddy! Feeling better now!\" he happily asked, my brother smiley nodded. Can this get any worse? And it did. That 'thing' turned to me, \"How 'bout you, buddy!\" . Don't. You. Dare. I faced him angrily, because his about to hug me, \"Don't touch me!\" I said. Giving him a sign to get away from me. \"Aw, why such a long face? You're so sad! Boo hoo hoo! I know! You need a big hug from Lester!\" \"Don't even think about-\" I stopped, and he suddenly grabbed and hugged! Gross! Finally he dropped and put me down, disgusting! \" See? Now, you fee all good inside!\" okay, that's it! I finally have the urge to slap him, \" Beat it, doofus!\" my slapped made his mask face the other way, and he was walking blindly. Then, he was knocked down and dragged by some kids, that's a relief. I saw my dad wearing a possum hat, and two more in his hands, oh no! \"Oh, no! No, dad! Not that! Not that! Please!\" I pleaded, but he put one Andy, and me. \"Here you go, sport!\" \" Let's we get our picture taken!\" dad said, leading me and Andy to some photograph stand, with two possums on the tree hanging. Oh, and a little girl crying too. \" You have got to be kidding.\" I replied. \" Well, okay. How 'bout you, Andy?\" he asked my brother too, if he says yes, I'll be- \" No, dad. I feel like I don't want to.\" oh, I wasn't expecting that. \" Oh, alright. But, you two are missing out!\" my dad finally walked away from us and get his stupid picture taken. Finally, he's gone. \"Ummmm... big brother?\" my Andy called me, switching my focus on him now. \"What?\" Then, he pointed his finger towards the direction where our dad went, and I heard laughter, I quickly took a glanced and... what the? Dad was hanging upside down on a tree with two possums beside him... why? \"Hiya, son!\" \"Hey, everyone! Check out that dork!\" a kid shouted right beside me. \"Say, sassyfras!\" \"Sassyfras!\" dad shouted, then the camera flashed. Suddenly, the branch broke and dad fell to the ground, one of the possums flew towards and hit me on the face! The possum crawled down to my shirt! Get this thing off of me! I began to jump around like an idiot, and I heard some music playing, but I don't care! \"Andy! Get this off me!\" I shouted at my brother. \"I-I can't! You won't stay still!\" good help, Andy! Man, you're useless! \"That's the spirit, Maxie!\" you too, dad! Grrr! I finally managed to get the possum out! In my pants! But then, my dad grabbed my hand and started dancing with me! Oh no! \"No, dad! Please!\" I pleaded, but he wasn't listening to me. \"This is embarrassing!\" I kept eyes on everyone, who wouldn't stop laughing. Fortunately, dad finally finished the dance, and made me sat on his knee. I looked at him angrily. \"It's Dork, and Dork Jr.! Hahaha!\" the kid started laughing, and soon, everyone started laughing. I listened to them, it was nothing but laughter! I got up and ran to get away from the embarrassment. I took off the stupid hat I was wearing, and threw it to the ground. I fought my way of the crowd, so I can make my way. - Andy's POV - Wow, I didn't expected that to happen. Everyone was still laughing, they couldn't stop. That made me a bit mad, big brother exited the park, so he can avoid the humiliation from everyone, dad followed him. I heard towards the exit and followed them. It started raining, I hurried and saw them at the car, I can tell big brother is mad. \"Come on!\" I heard Max. Dad walked around the car, and opened the door. Both of them got in, I ran and shouted \"Wait! Dad!\" . I stopped and got in the car, so wet. Then, I started to be quiet, cause I know big brother is mad, dad closed his door, with a sad face. I noticed what he was holding, it was a possum hat. Big brother threw it on the ground earlier, and I was wearing mine. \"Oh, you dropped your hat.\" dad said, and handed it to him. Suddenly, big brother took the hat started to shout, \"This is the stupidest vacation! You drag me from home, you jam me in this dumb car then drive a million miles away and see some stupid rat show!\" he opened his window, and threw his hat again. I started to get scared of him, and made me put my hat down beside me... \"Call me when the trips over!\" he finished, that made dad became more sad, he started the car, and we drove off... This is going not too well... Finally! It's done! Been on hold for months! I'm completely sorry for my on hold. My wifi is still broken, and I can't get the story done on the exact date. It's been like 2 or 3 months now, since last update. And I apologize for that, but now, it's finally done. I'll be working on the next! And I knkw it's short, but I couldn't just let you guys wait too much! Again, I'm so sorry it took so long, and thank you for your patience! Oh, and btw, a new oc will be included in this story. And, it'll appear on the next chapter, and further more. But, this oc is not mine, it belongs to a friend. So, expect that, bye![Chapter 7] Hey everyone! Just wanted to update a few things real quick, and clear things out! About the new chapter, that I recently upload like a day go, as I was reading the reviews (and believe me, I'm actually shocked of so many reviews). And to clear some things, one of the reviews wrote, Anderson Goof (Andy) is not my oc. And, it belongs to a friend of mine. Not really. The new character that will appear in further chapters, is my friend's oc. And, Andy IS STILL my oc. I'm only writing this cause ya guys might don't get the point. I'm just sayin' xD Anyways, expect the new oc, who will appear on the next chapter. And to spoiler you guys, that oc will be Andy's bestfriend... and more than that[Chapter 8] Max's POV Why? Why is this happening to me? This is the worst thing that's ever happened in my life... Being stuck in this stupid trip. I was sitting on a rock thinking of freedom... when will I be free from this? When will I get to have my own life? I was a holding a stick and stirring it on the water... then I felt a hand behind me, I looked to see who it is... my brother, Andy... not you. \"Hey... big brother.\" he said \"What do you want?\" I asked, a little bit annoyed. \"Ummm... I was sort of thinking that... maybe we should go for a walk around here! Maybe we can explore some places!\" then he smiled a little, ew. I didn't answer him, his request was stupid. I don't wanna be here, or any where! He waited until I answer, but I didn't. Instead, I gave him a sign to stay away from me, he's starting to get in my nerves. It's a good thing he realized and followed my sign. He sat behind the rock I'm sitting, then I looked back at the water. Then, I imagined... Roxanne. I miss her... I really wanna go back. Suddenly, my dad stepped right in front of me. \"Hey, Max. You wanna get in some fishing practice?\" he said. I didn't replied, I stood up and walked on the opposite direction, and far from him. \"Just a couple more days 'till we get to Lake Destiny.\" \"Maybe later...\" I replied. Then, I threw the stick through the river and sighed. - Andy's POV - I can tell my brother doesn't want to be here... or with us... or with me. I just want to cheer him up, I know he's upset, but I really want to make things up for him... even if I cause him frustration. I looked at dad who is already looking at me. \"Son, follow, Maxie. Give him some company.\" he said, giving a sad look. And I worried, \"Sure dad.\" I replied, I stood walked over to my brother, quietly. And dad, got back at fixing the tent. I kept on quiet, I don't want him to see me, he'll get mad now if sees me. He was standing besides a tree, looking down, he must be thinking of something again. I wasn't close to him, I'm a little far from him, he was not facing me. I kept quiet, so he wouldn't hear me... I was just staring at him... I suddenly felt so nervous, I don't know what's up with me... Staring at him... at his back. And, I remembered our... little... talk. - Third Person POV - 3 years ago... It was roaring at the Goof residence, the young and elder are having some misunderstandings, their fight turned out to be endless for the both of them. Andy ran all around the house just to get away from his brother, fearing him because of his rage. Until, Andy tripped and rolled over towards the wall, making him unable to stand up. Fortunately, he got up and scratched his head. \"Aw...\" then he realized, his brother standing in front of him filled with anger in his eyes. \"That's it, Andy. I am so sick and tired of you.\" said Max, grabbing his brother's shirt, and gazing at him. While, the younger started to tear for his will. \"B-But, b-big brother! I-I didn't mean it!\" said Andy, but his brother became more furious over him. \"Again with that excuse, Andy! I told you to quit to touching my stuff! Now, you've painted my skateboard with different colors like rainbow! What are you kindergarten?!\" Max shouted. \"I-I thought you would like it!\" Max stared at him for a moment, then became even more mad. \"Like it?! LIKE IT?! Why on earth would I like your stupid creative ideas?!\" Andy became more scared towards Max, and beg. \"Please, big brother! Let me go!\" Andy begged and pleaded, but Max thought of something that Andy would never try to touch his belongings again. \"You know what? I just had enough of you.\" Max grabbed his brother's shirt tightly, and dragged him over to his room. \"S-Stop! It-It hurts!\" \"I'm gonna teach you discipline.\" Max pushed Andy to his room. Max closed the door quickly, with Andy still hurt. Andy got up and ran towards the door. He handed the door knob, but it was locked. He started banging the door, and cried even more. \"Please, big brother! I'm sorry! I promise it won't happen again! I swear!\" he begged his brother, but he wasn't there anymore. \"I'm sorry! Please! Let me out!\" he banged the door, over and over and over, again. Until, he got exhausted from trying to beg his brother to let him out. Now, he was lying on the floor, still tearing for his brother. \"Please... let me o-out...\" he whispered. \"Pl-please...\" Andy passed out, still not getting out of his punishment. - Andy's POV - That... day... I won't ever forget that... I was seven at that time, and I didn't touch any of my brother's stuff, again. Even though, we're sleeping in the same room, with a double deck. I didn't touched anything, even my stuff. I would sometimes get it to my dad. I snapped out of it, and realized what was happening now. I heard some trees being cut down, and an RV parking. I looked at the tree in front of me, where my brother was. He was gone. Then, I heard, \"Woah! Now that's camping!\" I quickly guessed that he's already with dad, he didn't bother taking me with him. I won't ask myself why. My tears started to pour down on my cheeks, I wiped it away, and tried to make myself not to cry. I walked slowly back to where our dad and big brother was... Okay... play it cool... don't let dad know... just fake it... like you always do. But, don't be suspicious, Andy.[Chapter 9] - Max's POV - Woah, I've never seen that kind of RV before! It has a hot tub, basketball court , bowling alley, and heck it even has a swimming pool! In short, it's really huge! \"You say something, Max?\" dad said, while he was still unaware of the RV on top of him, then a door on the back of the RV folds down and hit dad on the head , \"Ow!\" A smoke coming out of the door way, and I could hear someone's footsteps, then it revealed PJ's dad, Pete. Dad was lying on the ground, then shakes his head trying to regain his vision, \"Pete?\" \"Goofy? What a serendipity do dah! Who'da thunk it, huh?!\" Pete happily cheered, I was about to ask where PJ was, until, \"Is PJ here?\" Andy got in the way, but nice timing though. \"Oh yeah. I'm sure he's loafing around here somewhere.\" Pete replied. Andy and I walked through the other side of the RV, and noticed an opened door, we let ourselves in. And, I couldn't help but laugh, he was cleaning the floor and buffing the dust off their trophies, while he's listening to Powerline on the stereo, \"Stand Out\", he was singing too. \"What a goob!\" I said, then looked at my brother. \"What?\" he asked me, confused. \"Andy, do me a little favor, will ya?\" I replied, his eyes widened. \"Go, and turn off the stereo over there.\" I commanded him, he looked at it first. \"Oh! And, don't let PJ see you.\" Andy nodded, then he ran towards the stereo, and turned it off. While PJ is still unaware that we're here, not so obvious for him. \"Even if you got to shout out loud! No matter what you look it's Max and-\" he stopped and realized I was behind him. \"Max!\" he said, doing our hand shake. \"Hey, hey, hey!\" \"Woah! Small wilderness, dude! Didn't expect to run into you, guys! Andy walked up to us, I can see his expression that he's happy to see PJ. \"Apparently not!\" Andy said, made me a little bit grossed. I walked up in front of my brother, and didn't pay attention to him. \"You're just jealous man, cause you ain't got the moves!\" he demonstrated a few steps to me. \"Yeah, you can keep the moves. But, I wouldn't mind this RV. You're so lucky, man!\" I said, as walked closer to his fish tank, and tapped it. \"Me? Aw, come on! You're the star!\" he replied, making me confused. \"Wha... what are you-\" \"Going to the Powerline concert! Aw, it's unbelievable, man!\" now I remember, I screwed up big time. I looked at my brother behind me, who's already glaring at me. \"You.. You...\" he didn't said a word after that, Andy didn't know I lied. \"Um, hey, Peej. We'll be right back, I'm just gonna talk to my brother real quick.\" \"Sure, ma-\" I grabbed my brother's hand went and outside as soon as possible. We ran towards behind the RV, a little faraway from dad or Peej's dad, so they won't hear us. \"Big brother, what did you do?\" Andy asked, and I took a deep breathe and told him. \"Listen, Andy. I don't want you telling dad about what I've said to Roxanne, that we're going to the Powerline concert in LA. And I gotta be honest, I made a terrible move. But as of now, do not tell dad about it. You got that?\" I explained to my brother very clearly, so he can understand it. \"But... you lied. To Roxanne... and what are you gonna do? It's impossible to get in LA, we're here for our fishing trip!-\" \"Andy! Can you please just listen to me for once?! I swear if you go and tell dad about it, I'm gonna make you regret it!\" I threatened my brother, so he could stop asking some more questions, I felt a little annoyed. My brother didn't move, he was scared. The look on his eyes, he was really afraid of me. As I'm about to say something to him. \"O-Okay...\" he said, \"I... I'll keep my mouth shut.\" then he walked away, returning to back inside the RV. I sighed, and followed him. - Andy's POV - I'm not gonna ask more questions about... what he did. He did threatened me, so I have to shut my mouth at all costs. I don't even know why I'm here. I walked back inside, looking down. \"Andy, you okay?\" PJ noticed, but I wasn't going reply, instead I ask. \"Ummm... hey Peej, do you have a telephone around here? I kinda need to call someone.\" \"Yeah. I think so. It's in our kitchen, over there. \"he point is finger over to his left, and I saw their kitchen. \"T-Thanks.\" then, I walked to their kitchen, but he stopped me. \"Andy. What did he do to you this time?\" I didn't move. I was thinking for another excuse just to make him forget about me. \"N-Nothing. He didn't do anything to me. Nothing at all.\" I replied, without looking at him, and I walked away. I've entered their kitchen. And, wow. I am so impressed. It's also a little huge, it has everything that kitchen should have. He's lucky, just, wow. I was looking around, and searching for the telephone. I glanced to my right and saw the telephone, besides the fridge. I ran towards it, and picked it up, and dialed up the numbers as fast as I can. I couldn't wait any longer. It was ringing, I was really hoping that 'he' could answer it. Please. \"Come on. Please. Pick it up.\" I whispered to myself, and I am so thankful. \"Hello?\" his voice, I miss his voice. I couldn't talk, I relieved that I'm actually talking to my bestfriend again... \"Ummm... is anyone there?\" I snapped out of fantasy. \"Oh! H-Hi!\" I responded, nervously... I just can't believe it. \"Is this the Woods' residence? Nathan Woods to be exact.\" I asked politely. \"Um. Speaking. who is this?\" seems he doesn't recognize my voice anymore. \"It's me, Nathan. Andy... Goof.\" \"A-Andy?!\" he shouted. \"Hey, Nathan. I miss you, big brother.\" I said, with tears coming down from eyes... tears of hapiness \"I miss you too! How have you been, lil' bro?\" he asked, with concerned... calling me his 'little brother', always makes me feel wanted. \"I'm fine... I'm on a trip with my dad, we're fishing, like we always do.\" \"Really?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Hah, I still remember how you caught those fishes, and dang. You've caught plenty more than me.\" he laughed, he remembered that I took him fishing with me and my dad. Dad agreed for him to come. \"And, you won't admit that I'm better at fishing than you.\" \"Hey! I wasn't serious! I let you won that time!\" he rushed, or really now? \"You always say that.\" \"Whatever, lil' bro.\" \"I haven't talk to you in a while... ever since you moved, big brother.\" \"Me too, I'm sorry. I've been very busy with my studies. It's pressuring me.\" he replied with frustrated voice. \"It's okay... I knew you were.\" \"So, how's your fishing trip with your dad?\" he asked, and I slipped \"My brother is also with us... could've been more better.\" I gasped, and realized what I've said. \"W-What?\" Andy! You idiot! \"N-Nothing! I'm fine, Nathan! I'm always fine!\" I rushed my words. \"Andy... are you sure?\" I didn't respond, I was thinking for some excuse, but... \"Andy, knowing you, seem you're not 'fine'. You can't fool me. We've known each other since kindergarten. So, tell me. How is my lil' bro bestfriend? \" My eyes widened, as he still remember the way I speak. \"Um...\" \"Is your brother doing something to you again... Max?\" I... I didn't know what to say, he still remembers how my brother treats me. \"Well...\" \"Andy. I know what you're going through right now. You can't hide it from me. Listen, don't be bothered. I know your situation with your brother. It makes me worry whenever your sad because of him. Don't think that you're not important to Max, you're really important to him. You're his little brother, you mean everything to him, he just doesn't shows it. And, just like you mean a lot to me. So please, don't be sad. It makes me sad and worried.\" he explained. Every word he said, made me emotional, I couldn't hold my sobs, he's always like this towards me, always cheering me up, and always there for me, when I needed him. \"Just let it all out, lil' bro. Don't be ashamed, I know you're emotional. You've been always like that since first grade.\" he joked, which made laughed a little. \"S-Shut up!\" I shouted, and he laughed. \"I wish you were here beside me, big brother.\" \"My wish is the same thing as yours.\" he replied. \"Oh! By the way, there is something I want you to know.\" I paused for moment, and I listened. \"What?\" \"Your cousin is here in LA, Debbie.\" My cousin? Debbie? \"She just moved here in LA, with her husband, and their newborn baby.\" \"Well, that's good.\" I replied. \"That's not all, she wanted me to tell you. She wants to take you, and live here with her.\" he exclaimed. I was shocked. Me? She wants to take me? \"W-what do you mean?\" I asked, confusedly. \"I mean, she wants you to live with her family here in LA. She said that, her husband have already agreed to it. And Both of them, will take care of your education fees, and everything you need.\" he finished, made me think. Should I? Moving to LA? I'll adopt new things... but what about dad? Max? \"She told me first, then told your dad, uncle Goofy.\" Wait, dad? Dad knows it? Why hasn't he told me yet? \"It's like, their taking care of you, like their own son.\" I thought for moment, but I think it was a bit too long. \"Well?\" he was waiting for my answer. \"But...\" \"Andy, you know if you don't have to, if you don't want to, it's your choice. She'll understand.\" \"I-I'll think about it.\" \"Just take your time, little brother.\" \"Get your gear little man, we're going fishing! And I mean, now!\" I heard a voice from outside. \"Seems your dad is snapped?\" he asked. \"Oh! I forgot! I'll think about it, Nathan. If you don't mind telling her.\" \"No, I won't. No worry.\" \"I gonna go! Again, I miss you...\" \"I miss you too. Bye.\" he hanged up, and I did the same. I ran out of the kitchen, and made my way outside of the RV. I wish things weren't so hard for me... There, now you all know who is Andy's older brother, (or should I say bestfriend). Nathan belongs to a friend of mine, which they didn't mind letting me borrow their oc for a couple of chapters, even in future stories. Nathan, is the opposite of Max. He is more caring towards Andy. And he considered him as a little brother of his own, unfortunately, he moved. But, both of them, talk to each other from time to time. So their you all have it, Andy's brother/bestfriend. ","Summary":" Hey everyone! So, this my first story ever published, this story takes place from \"A Goofy Movie\""},{"Movie":"Another Cinderella Story","Title":"Back Home To The Hills","Author":"Gabriella Somerfield","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9056039","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Back Home To The Hills Check out my profile for updates Chapter 1 Doreen Smith had just announced that Joey Parker was heading back to the hills and then it came from Joey's mouth in an interview clip \"Taking my senior year off. I'm going back school. I'm just trying to keep it real. Mary couldn't be happier. Her boyfriend was coming back for his senior year. And after his senior year she would hopefully being going to Manhattan Academy of Performing Arts. And how did Mary Santiago who was not known to the world manage to become the girlfriend of teen heartthrob Joey Parker. One word Dance. Well chorographer is more exact. For the nearly all of her career Mary's mother had been a part of Dominique Blatt's back up dancers. But when she wasn't doing that she was helping fellow choreographer, Paul Simons chorographer for the Joey Parker. Most summers it was hard to find someone to look after Mary since they had no family in the area, her father unknown. So Mary had to go with her mother to Joey's Parker's dance sessions. And that is how they meet. They became quite good friends, kept in touch when Joey went on tour. But summer after sophomore came Joey asked Mary to be a dancer on tour. She had been thrilled and her mother who was ill with cancer had told her to go. She had gone but when she came back her mother had passed away during the tour and Mary now had to live with her mother's former employee Dominique Blatt and her two daughters. But in the first week of the tour Joey had asked Mary out and their relationship had gone from strength to strength. Now in her last semester as a junior year with only 3 months until summer she would get to spend it with Joey. Of course as soon as Joey pulled up the front of school the next day, students clambered round to get a look or a chance to say hi. Tami, Mary's best friend pulled her away so they could get into school without being trampled. Tami didn't know because Joey and Mary kept their relationship so quite. Joey want to protect her from the press and kids at school as well as Dominique and the twins. Natalia the most popular girl in school and a bitch to Mary claimed she was secretly dating Joey and she was always on the phone to him. \"I don't know what all the fuss is about he's just a person. A snooty nosed pop star who is coming back to school for 3 months. Probably to make himself look good!\" exclaimed Tami \"You don't know that,\" said Mary \"Maybe he really wants to come back,\" she added \"You're just defending him because he's a dancer,\" said Tami Mary felt herself go red. \"See your blushing,\" chuckled Tami Before Mary had chance to reply a familiar voice echoed down the hall. Dustin, Joey Parker's best friend. \"And there his little friend Dustbin,\" said Tami \"Tami,\" laughed Mary turning to see But when she turned she bumped into, something hard and in during she rebound and headed for the floor. On her descent however a pair of familiar hands locked around her wrists and pulled her up. \"Hey,\" said a voice And when Mary looked up there he was Joey \"Hey Joey,\" called a voice \"Crap,\" he muttered Mary let a quiet giggle slip from her mouth. Then there realized people were staring. \"I'm sorry that was totally my fault,\" said Joey \"No problem,\" smiled Mary Then Joey was ripped away by the voice Natalia. \"Hey Joey long time no kiss,\" she said her head heading for a kiss. \"Woah,\" said Joey backing up \"What are you doing?\" he asked \"Kissing you,\" said Natalia \"No I don't like you like that,\" said Joey \"Don't be silly you're my boyfriend,\" said Natalia glancing nervously round the hall. \"No I'm not I have a girlfriend it's not you. Goodbye,\" said Joey walking off Dustin following. \"That was all your fault,\" snapped Natalia rounding on Mary \"My fault how?\" asked Mary \"It's not fault he doesn't like you,\" she added \"No you right but he will compared with me you look like trash and I'm the most beautiful girl in school,\" said Natalia before she turned to Britt and Bree (Mary's step sisters.) Hours later, school had finished and Mary was yet to speak to Joey. However once at their lockers Tami and Mary headed the twins and Natalia talking. \"Right come on let's go to dance class Joey's going to be there,\" she squealed before they took off. \"Your going sneaking into dance class again aren't you,\" said Tami \"No,\" said Mary \"Mary I know you,\" said Tami \"Yes but do blame me?\" asked Mary \"I need every opportunity I can get to dance. Learning moves from Joey Parker what's better than that. Besides I need to take my mind of some things,\" said Mary \"Ok,\" said Tami And with that Mary took off to the studio. After climbing over a railing and through a window Mary was in the little studio of the main studio. The little studio she could see out of but nobody could see in. Only one person knew she snuck in here and that was Joey. So when he entered the studio with the other dancers, he had a feeling she was on the other side of the mirror. But he only really felt it when they all danced and his placed his hands on the mirror right were Mary's hands were. And he just knew she was there. And after they had finished dancing a cell phone rang, he glanced towards the mirror where he knew behind Mary was cursing the phone. And with the ringing cell phone he knew his girlfriend was behind that glass and it was time to say hello. Saying goodbye to the dance class he rushed round to the abandon studio before Mary could leave and as she rushed out of the room she bumped right into him. \"Joey I need to go,\" said Mary \"Go where?\" asked Joey \"Joey I need to go,\" sighed Mary \"I'm not dropping were you have to\" he said \"No hello nice to you I missed you,\" said Joey \"Hello nice to see you I missed you and if you don't move you'll have a dead girlfriend,\" said Mary \"Ok,\" laughed Joey pressing a kiss to Mary's forehead. \"I really have to go,\" said Mary trying to get past Joey \"I'll see you later,\" said Joey \"Wait it's you coming over. Tell your parents not to out me in front of Dominique and the girls. Or Dustin. Otherwise my life will be hell\" said Mary \"Will do Mary calm down,\" said Joey \"I have to go crab puffs to make. Bye,\" said Mary taking off though a room and out a window Joey watched her go. And then he frowned why would she had to make crab puffs. \"That girl,\" he muttered Review Please Gabriella Somerfield[Chapter 2] Back Home To The Hills Check out my profile for updates Chapter 2 An hour later and Bree and Brit were making Mary's life hell at home. \"We know about crush on Joey Parker and if you ruin this for mum to night you'll never see the light of day again,\" said Britt \"I don't have a crush on Joey,\" said Mary \"I'm dating him\" she thought \"Listen we know you know him from your little dance trips with your dead mother but leave him alone. He's deserves Natalia and this song with our mum. So you just back away you go it,\" said Britt Mary nodded her mind filling with thoughts about her mother. \"You going to cry?\" asked Bree \"I have crab puffs to make. Don't you have to get ready for Joey?\" asked Mary Bree and Britt headed out of the room and Mary let the tears fall quickly as she made the crab puffs. If anyone were to see her now she would blame the onions. But truth today was her mother's birthday and she needed to be with Joey. Only problem she couldn't be. So when Joey and his family arrived an hour later. Mary hid in the kitchen for as long as she could before Dominique called drinks we need drinks Mary. At this Joey was even more confused. Why would Mary be bringing in the drinks? And then he saw her Mary carrying a tray of drinks and wearing a waitress outfit. Dominique had made her into the maid. It took all he had in him not to stand up and say what the hell. So he silently fumed to himself. And as he watched her as she passed drinks out he could see faint tears tracks down her face. Joey was mad, Mary knew Joey was mad because he had his hands clenched on the table. He hated the way Dominique was ordering her about. Mary wasn't listening to the conversation as she tried to stop the shrimp from being knocked everywhere but when she heard Joey say you're all nuts. She almost started laughing but then Joey stood up his shoulder hit the tray the tray dropped. Joey turned into Mary who grabbed his arms and they fell to the floor. \"We keep meeting like this,\" muttered Mary as she wiped rice from her mouth \"I'm sorry,\" muttered Joey as he pulled shrimp from her hair. \"Hey,\" she whispered \"Hey yourselves we have some serious talking to do,\" he whispered Mary groaned and Dustin pulled Joey up. Who in turn pulled Mary up. \"Joey,\" said his mother \"You need to wait aren't you Rosa Santiago's girl?\" she asked Mary Mary felt her throat tighten and she nodded. \"How is she?\" asked his mother Mary sucked in a breath. \"Excuse me,\" she muttered and she ran from the room. \"Mum you know Rosa died last summer,\" said Joey \"When she was on tour with you?\" asked his mother \"Yes now excuse me,\" said Joey as he turned and sprinted from the room. \"Mary,\" he called and the others in the dinning room heard it. Dominique and the twins looked befuddled why would Joey want to go after Mary. \"Mary and Joey are childhood friends. Mary was dancing on tour with Joey when her mother died. And today is her mother's birthday,\" said Dustin \"And for here on out I'm Joey's only manager,\" he added before he left the room. After that Joey's mother and father left while Joey was sat in Mary's room with a sobbing Mary cuddled into his chest. Review Please Gabriella Somerfield[Chapter 3] Back Home To The Hills Check out my profile for updates Chapter 3 What do you mean you're not going to the dance? JP At the same time Tami responded on the phone. \"You're in her lair,\" said Tami \"Yeah there's no way I'll finish in time,\" sighed Mary Dominique is making me clean her room. Probably to stop me from going to the dance It's a total mess. I can't come Mary Mary we need to talk about Dominique making you clean and cook. I'm coming to pick you up. Joey Mary dialled Joey's number on her mobile forgetting she still had Tami on the landline. \"Hello,\" said Joey \"You pick me up and you'll get me in serious trouble,\" said Mary \"What?\" asked Tami \"Mary,\" said Joey \"One sec,\" she said \"Sorry Tami not you gotta go,\" and she hung up. \"Sorry Tami was still on the phone. I'm serious I already got more chores this week because I forgot to tell them I'm life long friends with you. If you come to spring me you won't see me every again,\" said Mary \"I'm not going to the ball without you,\" said Joey \"Well you have to please for me,\" she pleaded Her phone beeped. \"I have to go Tami's on the other line I hung up on her,\" said \"Ok I'll go but I won't promise I'll have fun,\" said Joey Laughing Mary hung up and answered the phone. \"Hey,\" she said \"Who were you talking to before and let me in I'm downstairs,\" said Tami 5 minutes later. \"Please tell me those aren't our dresses,\" groaned Mary \"I can't cuz they are and my sister's boyfriend's cousins are going to clean the room,\" said Tami stepping to the side to show the cleaners. \"You are so awesome,\" said Mary \"Oh I know,\" said Tami Half an hour later. Joey was sulking at the dance and Mary was coming down the stairs. Tami had done an excellent job on her dress. A strap covered in glittery black sequins came down from her left shoulder while her right shoulder had a floaty lace sleeve that joined into the other strapped at the top of her dress. The bodice was overlaid with lace and then the dress itself hung now to the floor. The lace had leaf patterns all over it. From the bottom of her hips and downwards a thin black net hung over the skirt. Mary looked stunning. Her hair was half up and half down. The top was pinned up and was slight elevated of her head while the bottom half flowed down her back. With the hair being pulled back it showed of her ears and the black oval (with the middle missing) and white spots earrings that hung from her ears. And on her face a simple black mask covered in glittering black sequins. And her arms held black gloves that started at her fingers and went all the way up to her elbows. \"Who is that?\" asked Dustin looking over at the stairs. \"That is Mary,\" smiled Joey as he watched his beautiful girlfriend come down the stairs. \"Next to her?\" asked Dustin look a Tami who was wearing a strapless dress the top half white with embroidered sequin black roses on it while the skirt was black. Her mask was sliver with black eyelashes painted on it curling round the gaps that showed her eyes and black hat was perched on her head. \"That's her best friend Tami,\" said Joey \"How are you sure it's Mary?\" asked Dustin \"You see the necklace round her neck?\" asked Joey \"The sliver chain pearly heart I gave her that when we got together. Plus I'm her boyfriend I should know my girlfriend even when she has a mask on\" he added \"I thought she wasn't coming,\" said Dustin \"So did I,\" smiled Joey Tami was steering Mary towards the punch bowl and the cute guy next to it. The cute guy being Joey but of course Tami didn't know that. But Mary she recognized his profile. Everyone was masked, no one knew who anyone was unless they came with them. Or they knew them like Mary did Joey. So if no one knew she was her and Joey was him. They could dance together, be together for the night an no one would be none the wiser. And Joey was thinking the exact same thing. Review Please Gabriella Somerfield[Chapter 4] Back Home To The Hills Check out my profile for updates I would like to say anyone who reviews and says where is the next one? or Next?. This does not make me update faster, I find it rude. I appreciate the reviews, I really do if you going to say Next? it makes me not want to update just because one person has seemed to write a review in tone i would take as rude. I don't want to offend anyone with this message but if you going to review and you want the next chapter why not put can't wait for the next one, or, love it update soon. As I said before I don't want to offend anyone but I find Next? and Where is the next one? rude. I challenge all reviewers to write something creative in every review they send to me. Not use the same old love it, excellent and super goods. Try and be creative. I love all my readers and reviewers your all the best. Chapter 4 \"Hey,\" Joey greeted Mary. \"Hey,\" she smiled. \"You wanna dance?\" he asked offering his hand. \"Absolutely,\" smiled Mary taking his hand and letting him lead her to the dance floor. As they swayed to the beat, they enjoyed the security of being in the other's arms. \"So how'd you know it was me?\" asked Mary. \"I'm your boyfriend. I would be worried if I couldn't recognize you with a mask on,\" he smiled. \"So would I,\" smiled Mary. Across the dance floor. \"That has to be Joey just look at him move,\" smirked Natalia. \"But whose he dancing with?\" asked Bree. \"That girl can move,\" said Britt. \"Yeah and Joey seems to like her,\" sighed Natalia. \"Well he did say you weren't his girlfriend but that he had one,\" mused Britt. \"Whoever she is she's absolutely not important - she's never in the spotlight with him,\" smirked Natalia. \"Could be protecting her,\" suggested Bree. \"Let's just figure out who the tramp is,\" sighed Natalia, \"and how I can get close to him,\" she added. \"How do we do that?\" asked Britt. \"God you too are useless,\" groaned Natalia walking off. \"Why don't we pour those mini chocolate balls on the floor. Then she'll fall and Joey won't want to be seen with her,\" suggested Bree a sadistic grin on her face. Britt nodded and followed her sister. Minutes later, they made their move and Joey saw them out of the corner of his eye. And as the beads hit the floor Joey lifted Mary in the air and twirled her around until they were on floor that wasn't covered in beads. \"Wanna get out of here?\" asked Joey. Mary nodded and the pair headed out into the night leaving, Natalia behind them with a scowl on her face. She had lost this round to the tramp but she would not lose the next. Or so she thought. Review Please Gabriella Somerfield[Chapter 5] Back Home To The Hills Check out my profile for updates I would like to say anyone who reviews and says where is the next one? or Next?. This does not make me update faster, I find it rude. I appreciate the reviews, I really do if you going to say Next? it makes me not want to update just because one person has seemed to write a review in tone I would take as rude. I don't want to offend anyone with this message but if you going to review and you want the next chapter why not put can't wait for the next one, or, love it update soon. As I said before I don't want to offend anyone but I find Next? and Where is the next one? rude. I challenge all reviewers to write something creative in every review they send to me. Not use the same old love it, excellent and super goods. Try and be creative. I love all my readers and reviewers your all the best. Chapter 5 \"We missed you at the dance Mary,\" said Natalia, with an air of fake sadness, as she walked past. \"I guess a maid's work is never done,\" she called, as she headed down the hall. A couple lockers down from Mary, Joey scowled. He really couldn't stand Natalia. She was everything Joey hated in a girl; a wannabe, a bully, obnoxious and a slut. And now she was laying into his girlfriend. Joey glanced down the hall to look at Mary and she was smiling with Tami. \"Must be remembering the weekend,\" thought Joey. After leaving the dance Saturday night, they had headed to Mary's so she could deal with Dominique. They had stayed the night there and woken up in each other's arms. They had woken at about 9 on Sunday morning. The girls and Dominique were still asleep and wouldn't wake till around 11. They had lazed around cuddling in Mary's bed for an hour and then remembered no one else would be up so spying the opportunity to break free Mary had gotten ready and they headed to Joey's so he could do the same. They had quite a relaxed day watching movies at Joey's, going in the pool and laying by the pool. They didn't do that much and the only other places they went, were out for brunch. Joey was currently insisting he take her out for a fancy dinner. However Mary was having none of it, and insisted along with a puppy dog pout that they stay in and cook together. They laughed and danced as they prepared salad to go with their barbeque chicken and bacon with melted cheese. And in their opinion it tasted great, you got the bite and smokiness from the barbeque but it didn't overpower the chicken so it lost its taste - the smokiness was just there. What surprised Mary, was that Joey had thought ahead to having dinner together. Well, when she insisted having dinner at his anyway. He had been sneaky; he'd snuck out while she while she was having a well earned nap and bought some dessert - a gorgeous chocolate ice cream cake. It looked like vienetta but there was cake in it. Anyway when he brought it out, Mary smiled. She hadn't thought of dessert. \"When did you get this?\" she asked. \"While you were sleeping,\" smiled Joey, as they dug into dessert. \"Thank you,\" she smiled, as she pulled her spoon out of her mouth. If this is what forever was like, she couldn't wait. Review Please Gabriella Somerfield.[Chapter 6] Back Home To The Hills Check out my profile for updates Dedicated to Live-Life-Loving Ok I don't usually do this but for this story and my other current Another Cinderella Story - Mystery Voice. I need help. Neither have been updated for ages and I really don't have any ideas. I'm not really inspired by this category at the moment however I think the secret part of the story may be the only thing driving me on at the moment. But it pisses me off when someone doesn't finish a story and I won't do that. So I am asking for help from you readers. Any ideas for this story or Mystery Voice pm them to me please. 14/08/2013 Chapter 6 \"You staying with me tonight?\" asked Joey. \"Yeah, better at yours - I don't get ordered about there,\" answered Mary. The couple were on free period and had snuck into a little garden hidden in the school. Joey knew because when he had come back, he'd asked the principal if there was a place he could go if he needed to get away from his peers when they got to much. The principal didn't want him to skip class but said he didn't mind if Joey went to the garden during free period. So with permission of the Princpal, Joey shared it with Mary but she would only go there with him. However, today the twins and Natalia had really gotten to her, so she went to the garden alone and two hours later, that is where Joey found her. \"Hey,\" he whispered. She glanced at him and then back out at the garden. He frowned and sat behind, but relaxed when she leaned into him. He hadn't done anything wrong, but why was she here and silent. \"What's up?\" he whispered. She shook her head and snuggled against him. \"Mary what happened?\" asked Joey. \"Drop it please?\" asked Mary. \"No, something is wrong and I want to help,\" said Joey. \"You can help by dropping it, I don't want to talk about it,\" said Mary. \"You missed dance,\" said Joey. \"Joey drop it please,\" said Mary, a tone of despair in her voice. It was then that Joey looked at her face. \"Natalia - what did she do?\" asked Joey. \"Joey, drop it or I'm leaving,\" said Mary. \"Ok, ok I'll drop it … you're staying right?\" asked Joey. Mary nodded and snuggled back into Joey. The couple spent their last few minutes of the school day basking in the sunlight and each other's company. Review Please Gabriella Somerfield[Chapter 7] Back Home To The Hills Check out my profile for updates Chapter 7 Natalia was seething. The fact that Mary and Joey were friends... that really ticked her off. She had hoped that telling Mary there was no way Joey actually was her friend, that no person in their right mind would even be her friend would have turned her away from Natalia's man, but apparently not so. Someone had seen them outside together during free time. And something about Mary going over to Joey's place... as if Natalia was going to let the little git get away without doing the extra chores she had told Brit to assign her that night... Clean my room, wash the kitchen, do this and do that. Brit had given her a list of chores, supposedly from her mother but Mary knew it was from Natalia. Natalia had warned her away from Joey, told her there was no way Joey could be friends with her that he was pretending and she was a charity case. Mary knew it was not true but she couldn't help but let the comments get her down. After all, they could be true. Although Natalia had no idea about the depth of the relationship, Mary had a little bit of doubt. She knew it was crazy, but her boyfriend had been on tour for so long! Something could have changed. She knew it had for her. Absence makes the heart grow fonder. For her, it had. But she was worried about Joey. Had it been the same for him? Everything that had happened, everything he said and did, made her think so. But what if... There was a barking sound behind her, making her jump and drop the knife she'd been using to chop the onions. The tears that the onion had induced fell when the blade cut her finger. With a yelp, she stuck the smarting finger under cold water. \"Mason,\" she whined. The small fluff ball wagged his entire body and looked at her with pleading eyes. Oh... she'd forgotten to feed him! And after living off of disgusting fish sticks in Dominique's room since Christmas... she felt sorry for him. After filling Mason's bowl with dog food, Mary went back to preparing the twins' dinner. Why they wanted onion salad was beyond her, but she bet it wasn't because they would eat it. Probably they just wanted her to cry. She'd have to make sure to wash up before going over to Joey's tonight. Just a few streets away from the onion torture Natalia was perfecting her plan. It was quite simple go to Joey's and see what she could find out. She had a perfect dress on, just in case Mary wasn't there and then she could sneak in and get Joey. Right now she was heading to the Platt's so she could see if Mary left and then she could follow her. Just twenty minutes later Mary set off but she didn't go far just a few house round the corner she stopped and Natalia watched as a man got out of a car. Then she realized it was Joey. Joey leaned in to kiss her. \"Wait… I'm being followed by someone I can just feel it,\" whispered Mary. \"Well we wouldn't want anyone to see that,\" grinned Joey. Natalia gapped at the pair had Joey - her Joey - been about to kiss that, that maid. She was seething about the scene so much that she didn't notice Joey and Mary drive off before it was too late. \"Great now I've lost them,\" she grumbled. She headed to the Parker house hold just in case the pair turned up there and they did, not ten minutes after she did - pizza boxes in hand. Mary was quiet, too quiet observed Joey. She was usually talking about something or ranting about Dominique. \"Something up?\" asked Joey. Mary shook her head and faked a yawn. \"I'm just tired.\" She smiled. Joey nodded, pressed a kiss to her forehead and pulled her against him. Natalia had been sat outside Joey's house now for half an hour and all they had done was eat pizza. Nothing looked untoward they were just acting like friends. The almost kiss before had her suspicious and Joey pulling Mary to him. Nothing was going on and so Natalia drove off and minutes later Mary and Joey kissed. She had missed what she had been looking for. Review Please Gabriella Somerfield and musicalgirl4474[Chapter 8] Back Home To The Hills Check out my profile for updates Chapter 8 The sun streaming through the window woke Mary, who stretched in contentment. \"Hey sleeping beauty,\" came a voice. She whirled around, and saw Joey leaning against the door frame, a smile on his face. \"I was just gonna wake you,\" he said, sitting on the edge of the bed. \"What time is it?\" she asked, rubbing the sleep out of her eyes. No doubt she had a horrible case of bed-head, but that could be dealt with later. \"Almost seven. You look so cute when you're asleep, but I figured you'd kill me if I didn't wake you up soon.\" Mary snuggled down again, she wanted so bad to just pull the covers up over her head and forget all the chores she'd have waiting at home for the weekend, but she knew it would be bad for her health. Besides, no one else would feed Mason. With a sigh, she threw the blankets off her legs and swung them over the side of the bed so she was sitting next to Joey. He put an arm around her waist and she put her head on his shoulder. \"I have a question,\" he murmured, breath stirring her hair. \"Hmm?\" \"Why is it you wear jeans to bed instead of something a little more comfortable?\" The question was so random, it almost made Mary laugh. \"So I can start working when I get up,\" she said, tilting her head to look up at his face. Joey smiled. \"Doesn't my girlfriend have a little time to call her own?\" \"None. When I'm with you, my time is all yours.\" He laughed. Mary loved his laugh, even though she heard is so rarely. Sure Joey was always happy, but it was difficult to make him laugh sometimes. \"That was a little cheesy,\" she admitted. \"No, that was cute.\" And then he bent his head and kissed her. Mary felt her heart quiver a little as their mouths moved in perfect synchronization, and the world slowly melted away, leaving just the two of them. When they broke apart, her heart yearned for more, but she quelled the feeling. She had to get home. It was Saturday, and who knew what time Dominique and the twins would get up. If Dominique was doing any new songs (which was extremely unlikely) this would be the day she woke up a little earlier than normal, which meant her full six-course dinner ready by 8 O'clock. \"Want me to drive you home?\" Joey asked. \"Sure, but drop me off a couple blocks away. I don't want anyone to see us,\" Mary said gratefully. \"I'm getting tired of the charade,\" Joey complained into her hair. \"Me too, but you know why we have to keep it up. I'd never see the light of day again, and the Paparazzi and tabloids would be all over you,\" Mary answered reasonably. He groaned. \"I hate it when you're right about that stuff.\" \"Come on, I need to get home,\" Mary said, standing up and offering Joey her hand. Mary crept into the quiet house closing the door quietly behind her. She'd been home for ten minutes by now and only just ventured into the main house. The light snapped on. \"Where have you been?\" asked Dominique, a scowl present on her face. Review Please Gabriella Somerfield and musicalgirl4474[Chapter 9] Back Home To The Hills Check out my profile for updates Chapter 9 \"Uh, uh, sleeping...\" Mary stuttered to a stop. The look on Dominique's face told her that she was so dead. \"You weren't here last night, and you were not here at six this morning. I want to know where you were.\" \"Um...\" Mary hesitated. She didn't want to get her friend in danger, but Tami wouldn't mind... she hoped. \"I was at Tami's last night.\" Dominique wrinkled her nose. \"A sleepover? Did I tell you you could have the night off?\" You never give me a night off, thought Mary. \"No,\" she said. \"Well. Then I'll just take your phone, and, by the way, the twins' rooms need to be cleaned.\" Mary almost groaned. \"And then, make sure to do the laundry and the list I left for you on your bedroom door last night when you weren't here.\" Mary nodded, but before she could make an exit, Dominique totally stopped her in her tracks. \"And you'll need to organize the twins' sixteenth birthday party.\" \"Didn't... didn't they turn sixteen last year? And their birthday isn't for a week!\" \"They will keep turning sixteen until I tell them to stop, and this is a big party. With your non-existent brain, you'll need a week, won't you honey? Just add that to the list. And make my breakfast. NOW!\" Quickly, trying to hide her extremely annoyed face, Mary ran off to do as she was told. It was mid afternoon and under pretence that Mary was going shopping for the party Dominique had let her out. Of course Mary wasn't shopping for the party – she was shopping for herself, with Tami. She had currently purchased five items a pair of blue three quarter length sweatpants with the word dance up the side with that some pink zebra pinked converse, a black hoddie with the words Dance Swag on it in orange and red. A turquoise short sleeve t-shirt that read Dance Your Heart Out in pink and white. Finally a black tank top with pink words that read dancing like nobody is watching. Of course Tami was encouraging her to buy more and she would but she was having a hard time trying to hide Joey's credit card. The black centurion card stood out and showed Mary had wealth or was close to someone who was rich. With purchase of a few more hoodies, t-shirts, new dance trainers, two pairs of jeans, leggings and a coat. Mary was done. Tami insisted she need some accessories so Mary let her talk her into buying some as well as a purple silk mini dress, as well as some purple heels – Mary knew Joey would love if she'd ever allow him to see her in it. This time, Mary was going to get back to the house by five in the morning, but after telling Dominique that she'd had a sleepover with Tami (something she hardly ever did), the idea had stuck in her head. So now she was on her stomach in Tami's room, looking over an old photo album. It was a bunch of their middle school pictures, and Mary thought they looked a little surreal. Nothing was as simple now as it had been then. Tami came into the room then, holding a couple cans of root beer, for some reason she loved the stuff, and sat next to her. \"Oh! I remember that one!\" she said, pointing to one picture, which had been when they were in seventh grade, actually their first sleepover. Mary's hair was messy and tangled, and her eyes were closed, she'd blinked during the picture. Tami had had a fit of giggles when she'd seen it the first time. \"Yeah,\" she muttered. \"It was fun, huh?\" Tami looked at her sideways. \"What's up?\" she asked. \"What do you mean?\" Tami sighed. \"You're distracted, and you keep looking like you're gonna cry. I mean sure our lives suck, but they don't suck all THAT much.\" Mary sighed. \"It's nothing Tami. Just school and home interfering constantly.\" \"Mm hmm. No boys catch your fancy?\" Okay, now this was getting into dangerous waters. Time for the ultimate subject changer. \"No, but I've been wondering, what new outfits have you been designing?\" That did the trick. Tami beamed. \"Thought you'd never ask!\" she said excitedly, and jumped to her closet, which was filled to bursting with random bits of outfits that Tami would put together in a hodge-podge that actually didn't all look too bad on her. But Mary knew that if she tried to pull any of it off, she'd fail pretty epically. She came out of the mess, dressed in a pink and orange plaid dress that went to just above her knees with teal leggings and brown combat boots. But what made it really Tami, was the belt. It was black, inlaid with rhinestones, and so long that once she'd fastened it, the excess trailed off down the side of her dress, almost reaching the hem. \"How is it?\" she asked, twirling. \"You look... quite dashing.\" Mary The girls were soon dressing up, eating junk and watching movies. Tami's mind firmly away from the subject of boys. While Mary had her mind, as always, on Joey. Review Please Gabriella Somerfield and musicalgirl4474[Chapter 10] Back Home To The Hills Check out my profile for updates Chapter 10 \"Joey!\" He turned, there was Mary, looking quite beautiful despite the pretty obvious fact that she had just run a while. \"Hey Mary, you alright?\" he asked. \"Um, yeah. Listen, Joey, I know we had plans to get together this weekend, but, um, the twins are kinda having a sixteenth birthday party again, and I have a whole list of chores at home, and it all needs to be finished by the party. Plus whatever else Dominique thinks up over the course of the week.\" Mary looked so disappointed, and Joey got the feeling that she was more upset about this than he was, and, to be honest, he couldn't blame her. She never said so, but he was pretty sure that whenever they were together was the only time she could relax. \"You need some help or a getaway plan?\" asked Joey. \"No Dominique will ground me for the next century if I get help,\" answered Mary. \"A getaway plan does sound nice though.\" \"Hey, that's fine,\" Joey assured her. \"And . . . did you say they were turning sixteen . . . again?\" \"And probably next year too,\" Mary sighed. She rubbed her temples with her fingertips in an effort to stave off the headache. \"Is there any way I can help?\" Mary shook her head, hair fanning over one shoulder. \"I don't want you to get in trouble with your parents or anything.\" \"I really don't care. I want to help.\" \"You mean that?\" she looked up at Joey with hopeful eyes. \"Yes. Just tell me what I can do.\" Mary sucked on her lip as if thinking hard. \"Well . . .\" Joey waited patiently as Mary made a show of thinking. \"There's the shopping,\" she answered. \"I wish I'd never asked,\" he groaned. \"Oh I wish I meant shopping as in clothes shopping I mean grocery shopping,\" said Mary. \"Grocery shopping I'm down with that,\" smiled Joey. \"What is this place?\" Joey asked, looking around the store, as Mary grabbed items from the shelves. \"Bartonies, you know, I think Dominique likes this place just because of how far it is from the house, so she can shout when I don't make it home it ten minutes.\" \"Hm . . .\" Joey said. \"What do-\" \"Look out!\" Mary grabbed him and pulled him down behind one of the small shelves. \"What?\" Peering out from behind the shelf, Mary watched the person she was trying to avoid picked up a bag of lettuce. Joey peered over her shoulder. It was Natalia. \"Oh . . .\" Joey said quietly. \"I don't suppose this place has a back door or anything?\" The front door was well in Natalia's line of sight. \"Um . . . there's an employee's door I've used a few times,\" Mary muttered as she shifted through the stuff in the shopping basket. \"And I think we have enough stuff . . . I just have to buy it. The problem is . . . well, the check-out is near the door.\" Joey glanced back at Natalia, who was looking through a bunch of low-calorie junk. \"If we put our hoods up and keep our backs to her I don't think she'll notice us,\" he suggested, tugging his up over his head. \"It might work,\" answered Mary, tugging her hood over her head. By some miracle they made it though the check out with out Natalia seeing them. However when they were exiting the door they heard her calling 'Joey'. \"Act like you haven't heard her,\" answered Joey, picking up his pace. \"Right behind you,\" answered Mary, dropping the bags in the back of his convertible, before hopping into the passenger seat. Fortunately for them Natalia had to go though the check out and once she was outside the couple had already peeled out of the car park – almost at top speed. \"Where to know?\" asked Joey. \"Elegates,\" answered Mary, directing him. Within minutes the couple entered Elegate's and the colours and smells just hit Joey. It seemed to him a very homely place. \"No one I know goes here,\" answered Mary. \"We should be ok.\" \"Ah Mary hello good to see you again. How are you?\" asked Mr Elegate. \"I'm fine thanks,\" answered Mary. \"And you are?\" asked Mr Elegate, to Joey. \"He likes to know his customers!\" called Mary, as she dashed around the shop. \"Joey,\" answered Joey. Within ten minutes the shopping was completed and Mary was on her way to her home. With Joey dropping her off down the street, he hated how they had to hide that fact that they were friends – despite the fact everyone knew – and dating. However it was all in the name of Mary's safety. Sneaking in with Mary, Joey went into her room as she proceeded around the outside and in though the front door heading for the kitchen. \"Mary!\" barked Dominique. \"Yes,\" answered Mary. \"I have professionals coming to cook and serve tonight. I don't need you messing anything up go stay at Yami's or whatever her name is,\" ordered Dominique. \"Ok,\" answered Mary. \"Now,\" added Dominique, reaching for her usual bottle of choice – vodka. \"I'm going,\" answered Mary, shooting out of the room. \"I'm free!\" she exclaimed, as she rushed into her room. \"What?\" asked Joey, sitting up in the chair he had been slouching in. \"I'm free for the night she's getting professionals in so I don't screw anything up,\" answered Mary, grabbing a bag. \"She told me to go stay at Tami's.\" \"But obviously your not going to do that?\" asked Joey. \"I don't know it's been a few days since I slept over there,\" answered Mary. \"But no I'm not unless Tami gets wind of it which she could.\" \"Go, go to Tami's,\" smiled Joey. \"I don't want to,\" answered Mary. \"Really if you're not where you meant to be who knows what Dominique might do,\" answered Joey. \"As much as I want to spend the night with you I'm worried about your life.\" \"Well can some of my things go to yours. You know some personal and valuable things?\" asked Mary. \"Sure packed them up,\" answered Joey. \"Hey can I ask you something?\" \"Sure,\" answered Mary, as she began packing up some things into a box. \"Why doesn't Tami know about us?\" asked Joey. \"I mean you've been her friend for long enough.\" \"She doesn't know how much I even know you. She doesn't know I went on tour with you. She's knows we're friends though my mother but that's it,\" answered Mary. \"She doesn't really like you.\" \"She doesn't know me,\" answered Joey. \"It's because the media have all this hype about you she thinks your just a person. Which you are but that a snotty rich guy,\" answered Mary. \"And that coming back to school is a publicity stunt.\" \"That it differently is not. My publicist thought it was a bad idea that my fame would plummet,\" answered Joey. \"That is ridiculous,\" answered Mary. A few minutes later they were heading to Joey's car a few boxes piled in there arms. Joey was trying to move Mary into his house, slowly it was working. The car ride to Tami's started and within it minutes it was over, as Joey parked down the street out of view of Tami's window. \"I'll see you soon,\" smiled Joey. \"I still don't see why I can't stay with you,\" answered Mary. \"Dominique calls my cell if I'm not at home.\" \"Spend some time with your friend you've been working for Dominique all week or with me,\" answered Joey. \"I just know I want to go straight to sleep I'm exhausted,\" yawned Mary. \"Tell you what I'll phone you later,\" smiled Joey. \"Just text me when your settling down.\" Mary sighed, nodded and got out of the truck with a kiss and her duffle bag. \"Speak to you later.\" \"Hey,\" she yawned, into the phone. \"I'm my way to yours I'm free for the night.\" \"Cool,\" answered Tami. \"I'll come open the door your just up the road right?\" \"Yes,\" answered Mary. Tami was exited to have Mary spending the night . . . again. \"You can't let Dominique control your life! And you aren't anymore!\" She'd squealed, practically tackling Mary. \"Yeah, Okay Tami. You can let me breathe now,\" Mary gasped. \"You'll never guess what my mom got me!\" Tami continued, taking Mary's bag and leading her to her room. \"A sewing machine! Now I can actually make my own cloths!\" Mary laughed. \"Oh, this will be fun.\" They spent a couple hours figuring out the patter for a skirt Tami wanted to make. \"Maybe I should have started with something a bit easier.\" Tami admitted as she looked at the cut-outs of all the different layers. \"Nah,\" she said, and they began pinning the fabric to the patterns. The sewing was, admittedly, something of a disaster, but they had plenty of fun. They basically laughed themselves silly until they were too tired to keep going. Settling down now. – Mary. Seconds later her phoned buzzed. \"Hey,\" whispered Joey. \"Hey,\" whispered Mary. There was silence for a few minutes. \"So,\" said Mary. \"What?\" asked Tami, groggily from her bed. \"Nothing Tami,\" answered Mary. \"You still wish you where here don't you?\" asked Joey. \"I could have been asleep a lot earlier,\" muttered Mary. \"But?\" asked Joey. \"I had a good night,\" whispered Mary. \"I told you, you would,\" smiled Joey. Mary yawned. \"I'll let you go,\" he whispered. \"No,\" she murmured. \"You still want to me here don't you?\" asked Joey. \"Yes,\" answered Mary. \"Well I will see you tomorrow,\" smiled Joey. \"Maybe we can move a few more of your things into mine.\" Mary glanced at Tami, before getting up and heading into the bathroom. \"Mary you still there?\" asked Joey. \"Yeah,\" she whispered. \"You're trying to move me in with you.\" \"Yeah I am,\" confirmed Joey. \"Dominique doesn't deserve your kindness and sooner or later your going to run yourself down and need somewhere to recover and then to stay.\" \"I've been doing this for over a year I'm fine,\" said Mary. \"Mary I love you and I want what's best for you and the best for you is not being in that house. Maybe not at this moment in time but one day you will snap, breakdown or whatever and you'll need to get out,\" said Joey. \"You love me?\" asked Mary. \"Yes, yes I do,\" smiled Joey. \"Me too,\" smiled Mary. \"You just want to dance now don't you?\" asked Joey. \"You know me so well,\" laughed Mary. \"Well I am your boyfriend,\" said Joey. A knock sounded on the door. \"Mary I need the loo!\" shouted Tami, groggily. Opening the door and stepping out past Tami. Mary headed back to her sleeping bag, phone still clamped to her ear as Joey began to sing down it. By the time Tami came back from the bathroom. Mary was asleep a serene smile on her face and her phone clutched to her chest. And she dreamed of the promise she would see Joey the next day. Review Please Gabriella Somerfield and musicalgirl4474[Chapter 11] Back Home To The Hills Check out my profile for updates Chapter 11 Mary was exhausted, maybe Joey was right she was getting run down, she had under three hours sleep the night before. So when Tami picked her up she was almost asleep on her feet. \"Girl is that woman trying to kill you?\" asked Tami, as Mary bundled herself into the pumpkin. \"Just wake me up when we get there,\" mumbled Mary, as her head hit headrest. Tami nodded knowing it was unseen and pulled off of the kerb heading to their high school. When they got there Tami thought about leaving Mary until five minutes before home room but was unsure. However when her (Mary's) phone rang it woke her up. \"Hello,\" she sleepily. \"Have you just got up?\" asked Joey. Tami furrowed her brow a male voice, a male familiar voice. \"No I'm in the car park,\" answered Mary, hoping Joey hadn't seen her. \"And you've just woke up in Tami car. Look across from you,\" answered Joey. Mary looked up to see Joey sat in his convertible in the space opposite them. \"Mary why is Joey Parker looking at us?\" asked Tami. \"You need sleep,\" said Joey. \"I will be fine,\" said Mary, as she hung up. \"You'll be fine? Mary, who are you talking to?\" Tami asked, snatching Mary's phone out of her sleepy hands, scrolling through the contacts. Mary cursed internally that Joey's number had the name 'Joey' as its word title. She could call him what she wanted, but still. Tami would work it out pretty quickly. She tried to snatch it back, but Tami fended her off easily. \"Tami . . .\" Mary whined. \"Tami, give it back . . .\" \"Not till you tell me who you were talking to,\" Tami said, not looking up from the small screen. \"Ugh,\" Mary said in exasperation. \"Just give it to me when you're done looking through all my contacts.\" \"Whose Joey?\" \"My boyfriend. Tam we're going to be late,\" said Mary. She was interrupted by a squeal. Oh, I am SO dead, Mary thought. \"YOU HAVE A BOYFRIEND!?\" \"Yeah . . .\" Mary said quietly, slumping down in her chair. \"Why didn't you tell me? This is amazing.\" \"You have a BOYFRIEND!\" \"Say it louder, why don't you?\" Mary muttered. \"But this is amazing! Mary, does he know about how Dominique treats you?\" \"Mostly,\" Mary muttered. \"Now come on. School.\" As Tami began to open her door, Mary grabbed her arm. \"Don't tell anyone. Anyone. Promise, okay?\" \"Alright,\" Tami said, sounding curious. \"But you have to tell me everything.\" \"I'm too tired to deal with this right now . . .\" Mary muttered. Tami leaned over and hugged her. The bell rang. \"Crap Tami we're late,\" shouted Mary, before she jumped out of the pumpkin. They started to run towards the school but as they crosses the car park in front of Joey's car, Mary's arm was snagged by the man himself. \"Mary,\" he whispered. She turned her head. \"I'm late.\" \"I know I don't think you should go in at all,\" answered Joey. \"You need sleep. So you should come home and sleep.\" \"I can't go home,\" she said. \"I don't mean that home,\" he answered. \"Oh my god,\" whispered a voice behind them. \"Crap!\" cursed Mary, whirling round. \"Tami.\" \"He's the boyfriend?\" asked Tami. \"Please, please do not a say a word to anyone please,\" said Mary. \"It would make your life more bearable,\" answered Tami. \"Dominique already knows Joey was a childhood friend and she rains hell on me. If she found out this I'd never be allowed out of the house and then I'd be in trouble for not leaving the house even though she's said I can't,\" answered Mary. \"Plus the paps would make Mary's life hell as well. I don't want her privacy torn about because of me.\" \"If I can handle Dominique I can handle some cameras,\" answered Mary, as she turned to him. \"Mary, trust me on this please and don't get me start on the fans,\" answered Joey. She nodded and he turned to Joey. \"Can you tell Dustin I've taken Mary home?\" asked Joey. \"He'll have to get a ride home somewhere else.\" \"I can give him a ride if you don't want anyone knowing where you live?\" asked Tami. \"Nah he doesn't live with me but yeah his house is like my second home so maybe that shouldn't go public,\" said Joey. \"Thank Tami.\" \"I don't want to go home,\" said Mary. \"I've come to school much more tired than this before and managed fine.\" \"Until you fell off your skateboard and it almost hit the principal,\" said Tami. \"Home now,\" said Joey. \"I hate you,\" she muttered. \"No you don't,\" he answered. \"Tami,\" said Mary. \"Yeah,\" \"You're late,\" answered Mary. \"Crap,\" with that Tami took off into school. Thankful she was just in the student room. She stopped by admin on the way to sign Mary out as sick. \"I still don't need to go home. If Dominique finds out I skipped school to…\" \"Sleep?\" asked Joey. \"Whatever. I'll be grounded for the next century,\" said Mary. \"Isn't she out today?\" asked Joey. \"We could get some more of your stuff.\" \"Yeah I'm not taking that chance,\" answered Mary. \"Fine then we will go home. We can watch some movies, TV whatever and you can have a nap,\" answered Joey. He watched her from across the room, with his guitar, as she curled and snuggled into the depths of his covers and bed. She looked so peaceful and so relaxed. There was a fine chance she wouldn't sleep that night. Bang on three when school finished Mary's phone went off. Waking her up and she almost picked up in a sleepy tone. \"Mary I'm going out for the night. But don't think that gets you out of your chores. There's a list in the kitchen. The girls are at that girl's,\" said Dominique, before she hung up. \"Call Tami. I'll call Dustin we'll do your chores and we're getting you out of there,\" said Joey. \"Natalia and the twins could come in at any minute,\" said Mary. \"We'll park down the street and Tami, Dustin and I will be in your room,\" said Joey. \"Joey Dominique is my guardian,\" answered Mary. \"She can legally just make me move back in.\" \"She treats you like a slave. There's no way anyone would let you go back and live with her,\" answered Joey. \"Yes there is,\" answered Mary. \"I'm just a teenager running away from her chores.\" \"She makes you do all the chores, cook and it keeps you up well into the early hours sometimes and then again in the morning,\" answered Joey. \"She takes away your phone, laptop etc. The ball remember that she made you clean her room and threaten to take you out of school. That is something that would be frowned on. Hell she made she climb up on the roof once to fix the bloody aerial\" \"It's my word against hers and the twins,\" answered Mary. \"Besides she can get a good lawyer.\" \"We can get a better one. Its child labour,\" said Joey. \"You're her assistant, maid and she's meant to be looking after you and you're not getting a dime of her.\" \"Joey please just leave it,\" Mary. \"No,\" answered Joey. \"We're getting you out and we're getting you out tonight. Dominique has money to get people to clean and cook.\" \"Fine,\" muttered Mary, knowing she wouldn't win the argument. \"You make it sound like you don't want to live with me,\" said Joey. \"Of course I do,\" said Mary. \"Good then lets go,\" answered Joey. Of course when they got to the Blatt's Dustin and Tami were already there and after finding boxes the trio set to work packing up Mary's belongings while she cleaned the main house. \"There's less than I thought there'd be,\" muttered Tami. \"Yeah um some of it's already at mine,\" answered Joey. \"We've moved valuable things over in a couple of small shifts.\" \"So that's why her laptop is no longer here,\" said Tami. \"Yep and that dress from the ball. Her jewellery, guitar and photos,\" answered Joey. \"This should get burned,\" said Tami. Joey looked up to see Mary's maid outfit. \"Yes, yes it should,\" he said. \"I've never felt so angry than in that moment when she walked into the dinning room wearing that.\" \"Knock, knock,\" came a voice. \"Snacks?\" The trio turned to see Mary balancing a tray of biscuits and juice. \"You finished?\" asked Joey. Mary shook her head. \"Take a break and refuel,\" said Joey, as he helped her with the tray. \"I've almost finished. I have like half and hours work left to do,\" said Mary. \"Aside from the fact I have to get groceries.\" \"Elegates?\" asked Joey. \"Or Bartonies?\" \"No Bartonies. Elegates is my place,\" answered Mary. \"Do you know he was actually like my mother's best friend growing up and then she left to dance and came back with me.\" \"So he's like a horary Uncle?\" asked Joey. \"I guess,\" answered Mary. \"I will be about half an hour.\" \"Want some help?\" asked Joey. \"No. Trying to tire myself out,\" answered Mary. She turned towards the door. A car sounded in the driveway and she froze – waiting to hear the voices – Dominique. \"Go round the back,\" whispered Joey. Mary waited till she heard the front door slam and then sprinted around the house to the back door, making it back to where she was cleaning spilt seconds before Dominique entered. \"Good you're doing what you're told,\" she muttered, before stalking off. With Dominique in the house Mary made her half an hour go to fifteen minutes and soon she was back in her room. \"I'm free,\" she shouted. \"We've almost finished,\" said Tami. \"Well I don't think-\" started Mary, before a car pulled up in the driveway. \"That we can get anything out with Dominique in the house and now the twins are back.\" \"So why don't we just go once there in the house,\" said Joey. \"We could pack my van up to your door after dark,\" said Tami. \"That could work,\" said Mary. \"You need more sleep,\" said Joey. \"Joey it goes dark at like eight,\" answered Mary. \"I won't unpack tonight I'll go to bed once we've unloaded everything. I have the whole week to unpack its Winter Break next week remember.\" They hung around in Mary's room talking for hours – with Mary running of at seven to make Dominique and the twins dinner. But soon darkness fell and Tami's van was backed up to Mary's door and the boxes, bags and fabric bins where loaded in. \"You got everything?\" asked Joey. Mary glanced around the room. She was pretty sure she had everything. Everything of value – to her – was already at Joey's. Now all her clothes, books, school things, music, bedding, lamps, tables, shoes, the changing screen behind her bed and the curtains at her door. Everything was in Tami's van you name it, it was in there. Mary had practically bought everything for the room herself – except the bed, mattress, drawers and wardrobe. So the room was stripped bare. It took roughly three hours to unload everything into Joey's house – he lived on his own an independent popstar. Everything was put in the spare room and Mary and Joey knew they would have a long week sorting it all out. \"Joey,\" she whispered. \"I can't sleep.\" \"I was afraid of that should have woken you sooner then three pm,\" he whispered. \"Sing to me?\" she asked. \"Anytime,\" he answered, before starting a soft, slow version of a song Mary presumed was new. Those words were the last ones she heard before she drifted to sleep in her arms, finally free. Review Please Gabriella Somerfield and musicalgirl4474.[Chapter 12] Back Home To The Hills Check out my profile for updates I am writing/editing my own original story - however to all my American readers I need your help. I needed everyone to please please PM me items you can get for breakfast, lunch or dinner at your local cafe's. I don't want to goggle menu's because I want input from American people. Thank you. Chapter 12 She was free. This is morning she had been able to have a lie in for the first time in ages. It was Saturday - officially her first day of freedom. Joey had woken her at ten with breakfast in bed. Cereal, strawberries and bacon butties. They'd spent the morning lying around before spending the afternoon in the pool. Mary's phone number had been changed and Dominique, Britt and Bree were none the wiser. \"So it's Spring Break next week,\" said Joey. Mary nodded. \"What do you say to a holiday?\" asked Joey. \"A holiday?\" asked Mary. \"Me, you, Tami and Dustin at my villa in Greece,\" said Joey. \"You need to get away adn i know for certain you won't of been away since you came on tour with me,\" Mary shook her head. \"Nope.\" \"So what do you say?\" \"Yes,\" she answered. \"But Tami and I might need to go shopping.\" \"Shop in Greece the twins will see you round here,\" answered Joey. \"I can't afford-\" \"You'll be with me,\" answered Joey. \"I know,\" she answered. \"No what I'm saying is you live with me and what's mine is yours,\" answered Joey. \"Mary I have millions of dollars and I know you don't like spending lots but you can if you want to. Mary nodded. \"So why don't you phone Tami who may or may not be with Dustin and I'll phone my pilot,\" he said. \"You have a private jet?\" \"I'm a superstar Babe. I love my fans but flying I need my space,\" said Jessica. \"I don't need people taking photos of me sleeping.\" Mary nodded. \"Mary when you came on tour with me your mother asked me to take care of you and I fully intend to keep that promise,\" answered Joey. \"Well at least we know one thing she'd approve of you,\" said Mary. Review Please Gabriella Somerfield ","Summary":" Back Home To The Hills Check out my profile for updates Chapter 1 Doreen Smith had just announced t"},{"Movie":"A Goofy Movie","Title":"Light me up","Author":"vampirerose49","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9077416","Passage":"[Chapter 1] He slid forward in his chair, slipping easily against the finished wood, trying to get comfortable. He bit the tip of his pencil thoughtfully before bringing it once again to the paper. The pencil left a thick, red curve of colour against the stark white sheet, which was dotted with little black numbers. He drew a lopsided Martian, whose tentacles fell flatly down to the bottom of the paper, only to curl up again right before the very edge where the white stopped and air began. It was no use—these seats just weren't comfortable. He glanced over to the kid sitting to the left of him, to see if he was faring any better. The kid, a freshman, looked petrified, he held his head in his hands, had his legs tucked beneath the chair, his body was tense, and every so often, his emitted a low, pained groan that sounded like a cat weeping. Bobby burped loudly and continued sloppily doodling on his math homework. He switched to a bright green crayola. \"Hey, kid,\" he said suddenly. The freshman flinched and looked at him tentatively, \"If you were a one-eyed, one-horned, flying, purple people-eater…not saying you—you look like one, compren-day, ba-bay? Uhhhh…what colour do you think you would be?\" He rifled through his plastic, zip-lock bag of pencils. The kid wrinkled nose and stared at him critically, eyeing his tinted glasses and ratty Mohawk with distaste. \"Uhhhmm…yell-ow?\" Bobby pulled a sunny pencil from the bag and showed it to him. The freshman groaned, shook his head, and resumed his fetal position. Bobby raised an eyebrow. \"Huh.\" \"Robert Zimmeruski! Get in here!\" Mazur's faced peered out from the doorway of his office, his gums showing angrily. \"Yeah, Ma-z-u-ur!\" He called in response as he gathered up his back-pack, crudely stuffing the plastic bag and colour-splotched paper into it. He brushed off some of the cheese whiz that was still stuck to the front of his purple shirt before strolling casually into the office. \"Hey, catch you 'round, compadre!\" He snapped lazily to the motionless freshman before closing the door behind him. \"So, whassup, brah?\" \"Zimmeruski,\" Principle Mazur pinched the bridge of his nose, trying to control his frustration, \"Once again, you have created an interference during class. Mrs. Cabaniss called me…\" He leaned across his wide desk threateningly, \"Just how many of those thing do you have, anyway? Those aerosol cans?\" Bobby bit his tongue in thought and leaned his head against the back of the chair, which was considerably more comfortable than the ones outside. Finally he shrugged his shoulders dismissingly. \"As many that will fit in the pack, Maz-man.\" The man glared down at him, trying to ignore the abuses of his name, \"Why do you bring them to school? What purpose could they possibly serve?\" \"Duuuude, it's not 'bout the purpose,\" he said, laughingly, \"Though, lemme say, they do come in handy sometimes, but, like, it's all about the pow-wer!\" The principle's lower eyelid twitched and he fell back into his custom leather office chair. \"The-the power…\" He muttered bitterly, digging his knuckle into his forehead. He took a breath and settled his elbows on the edge of the desk, trying to appear as menacing as possible. \"Zimmeruski…\" \"Bobby.\" \"What?\" \"Dude, call me 'Bobby'. It freaks me out when people call me by my last name, brah,\" Bobby helped himself to a handful of the pistachios Mazur kept in a little glass bowl on the desk, intended for the parents of students. Mazur cleared his throat, \"Right. 'Bobby',\" he said condescendingly, eyeing the trail of nut shells gathering next to the slowly emptying bowl, \"And you can call me 'Principle Mazur' or 'sir'.\" \"Righteous, brah,\" the teen pumped his fist in the air limply. Mazur was starting to notice that every movement that the boy made was…sort of slow, fluid, and careless. He rubbed his chin. \"Bobby,\" he started again, \"Have you been…Robert, take off those glasses! Give them to me…Bobby, have you been engaging in any form of drug useage?\" He finished as he folded the tinted glasses and set them on the edge of the desk. Without them, the boy's eyes were small, squinty, and encircled with bags and light purplish discolouration. The student was motionless, staring ahead blankly. \"Dude, you, like, took my shades. Not cool,\" Bobby mumbled, averting his eyes to the floor, suddenly uncomfortable.\" Mazur couldn't help but grin—he finally had him right where he wanted him: nervous and uncomfortable. \"Have you been taking drugs, Zimmeruski?\" He repeated seethingly. \"Huh? Oh, no way man, I'm clean—crys-tol, pis-tol,\" the teenager said absent-mindedly, fiddling with an empty shell. \"Hmmmm…well, we'll see about that. In the meantime, Zimmeruski, I want you to start seeing Mrs. Anderson.\" Bobby's face contorted at the mention of the name, and his body straightened to attention. \"Dude, no way! Look, I'll be cool, man, I swear! Pinkie-swear! Just don't send me to the shrink! I'll be cool!\" Mazur was silent, deep in thought. He sighed and relaxed into his chair. \"Look, Bobby… how about this. I'll let you off this time-\" \"Oh, man, you will not—\" The teen started rapturously. \"BUT!\" The principle raised a thick finger, \"If there is even one more incident for the rest of the school year…you are not only going to start having regular sessions with Mrs. Anderson, she will determine whether or not you need to start taking some sort of medication for your…hyperactivity. Understand?\" His tone was cold and final. Bobby gulped and nodded hesitantly. \"Got it.\" \"Good. You may go now, Zimmeruski.\" He got up to leave, heaving the bulging pack onto his back with a strained movement. He turned. \"Oh, and Zimmeruski?\" He froze. \"Don't forget your glasses,\" Mazur held them out to him, a gloating grin plastered across his features. He lit the joint with a swift click of the cigarette lighter and took a puff before shoving the metal case back into his pants pocket. The spot behind the sporting equipment shed, like always, was barren. The yelling and violence of the nearby football field echoed ominously in the background. He let himself slide down the rough, plastic side of the little building, settling himself on the ground with his knees tucked to his chest. He took another hit. \"Bobby!\" He turned at the sound of his name and found himself facing…Max Goof's furry, black kneecaps. \"Yo, Max-man! Lookin' good, lookin' good,\" he adjusted his shades on the bridge of his nose, so they better covered his eyes, \"Dude, where's Pete?\" The black-haired teen cracked a lop-sided grin and gestured towards the school building with a jab of his thumb. \"Make-up quiz,\" he said simply before letting his back-pack fall heavily to the ground and settling beside his friend. Bobby held the joint out to him, an invitation, though he already knew the answer. \"No, thanks, man. Gotta keep in shape for boarding, you know that,\" Max said pleasantly. Bobby snorted. \"Never stopped me…\" Max didn't reply. Instead, he pulled his lunch out of his pack and unwrapped a P&J; sandwich. He bit into it hungrily. The orange-haired boy watched him out of the corner of his eye. \"Got called to see 'The Man' again, today, brah,\" he said casually, raising the rolled paper to his lips. Max paused mid-chew and turned to his companion. \"Cheeze Whiz?\" He said, his words slurred by sticky peanut-butter. \"During English, ye-ah.\" \"Bull again?\" \"OH, yeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaah…\" \"What did he do this time?\" \"He, like…uh, kept calling my shit and throwin' shit at my head. But the power of Cheddar made him righteous. It was pretty cool.\" Max's brow furrowed as he chewed thoughtfully. \"Dude,\" he said, \"Why is he making such a huge deal over you, anyway? It's like he's got a personal vendetta against you…\" Bobby forced a grin, his eyes obscured by the dark glasses: \"Yeah. It would be kinda awesome if it didn't hurt my head so much.\" They laughed. \"So what did Mazur say,\" the dark-haired boy said while chewing. The pothead was silent for a moment, sucking the tip of the joint thoughtfully. \"Uh…he said some shit like if I cause another scene, I'm gonna have to go to shrink sessions with the local witch-doctor,\" he tried to speak casually, but the words came out bitter and uneasy. Max paused, his mouth open to receive another bite. He lowered the sandwich. \"Jeez, Bobby,\" he said, his forehead rumpled with concern. He gripped his friend's shoulder reassuringly. Bobby flinched slightly and adjusted his glasses. \"No, man…It'll be—It'll work out,\" he interjected as cheerfully as he could and pushed the hand from his shoulder, \"Just gotta watch my step, yeah? Hey, you got any extra munchies in there?\" Max rolled his eyes. \"Again?\" He rummaged through his pack. \"Man, you need to take care of yourself…\" He pulled out an apple and a granola bar wrapped in shiny metallic-looking plastic and handed them to Bobby, who took a long, deep breath from his joint before extinguishing it on the concrete and receiving the food. He bit into the apple ravenously. Max watched curiously, twiddling a strand of grass in-between his fingers. \"Hey, anyway…\" The black-haired boy started, \"I mean, it's your senior year, right? Our senior year. Even if you do end up having to go see the shrink, it's not gonna be for that long…like, once a week for the last semester, right? It's not that bad.\" Bobby swallowed a chunk of apple painfully, the sharp edges of the skin hurt against the inside of his throat as he coughed. The chunk came back up and he resumed chewing it. \"You okay?\" Max said. \"Brah, it's not about the time\" Bobby blurted, \"…it's about 'The Man'—they want to dig into my brain an', like, wash it. That ain't gonna happen. No one's gonna get into Bobby Z's brain!\" Max raised an eyebrow, and couldn't help but let a grin cross over his face. He wrapped an arm around his friend's neck, pulling him into a headlock. \"Man, you are such a weirdo!\" He laughed, cramming his fist into the hipster's mohawk. Bobby was silent and unresponsive. He was listening to his friend's heart beating against his ear. The Goof-boy's chest was warm and solid against the side of his face. He suddenly felt an overwhelming exhaustion creeping through his consciousness. The bell rang out across the campus. Math class. The teacher, a man with a grey moustache and a shiny, bald head, stood at the front of the classroom talking. No one listened—they had better things to do: sleeping, listening to their walkmans, daydreaming. Bobby Zimmeruski felt the thirteenth ball of paper and spit hit the back of his neck, sending a startling chill through his spine. Beside him, Max Goof sat dazed and oblivious. Four tables behind him, Bull D. Toro was preparing his next attack, chewing a wad of torn homework between his massive jowls. The bulldog was already getting bored; his tactics were to no avail—his victim was unresponsive, and he was slowly losing interest in the game. He decided he needed a back-up plan. When the spit-balls finally ceased, Bobby sighed in relief. He had survived the barrage without a scene—he would survive this class. He went back to colouring his one-eyed, one-horned, flying, purple people-eater a bright, sunny yellow. Six minutes until the bell, and school would be over. Five and a half. Five. Someone sitting behind him tapped him on the back and slid a folded note into his palm from under the table. He took it and, seeing the word \"faggot\" crudely scrawled on it, he assumed it was for him, and he opened it. Four tables behind him, Bull grinned devilishly. He slowly folded up the note, making sure that no one else had seen it, pushed it into his pocket, and, grabbing his backpack from the floor, stood up. Max whispered his name and tried to pull him back into his seat, but to no avail. Cheddar Whizzy streamed through the air. Author's Note !I do not own this chapter! I just got permission by the talented u/4328333/Nick-ed to finish it and I will do my best. From chapter 3 and on wards will be totally created by me. But this and next chapter still belongs to Nick-ed! Random Notes -The Freshman: Got sent to the office for eating in the library. Taboo. -One-Eyed, One-Horned, Flying, Purple People-Eaters: These creatures are usually…purple, just for the record. -The Joint: Bobby is a pot-head hipster, and he was high throughout every single Goofy movie. You know it, I know it, I'm pretty sure everyone else kinda knew it. -Bull D. Toro: A completely fictional character, any resemblance to your mom is purely coincidental. No, but, seriously…he's just a plot device and serves no greater purpose. Oh, and he's a bull-dog (duh). -Cheddar Whizzy: Can be found at your local grocery-store, if you happen to live in the 90's. Or if you happen to know someone with a T.A.R.D.I.S.[Chapter 2] The room was quiet, warm, and filled with the aroma of coffee and blueberry scones. Musicians tinkered around on the stage, fiddling idly with their instruments, and no one seemed to mind. Little groups of people huddled themselves around their respective tables, casually chattering, grateful that they have a place to socialize. Outside, cool rain tumbled its way through the muggy air. They sat in the back, in a shadowed corner by the edge of the stage. \"…So I said to the man, I said: 'fear not the probabilities, embrace the possibilities, because the future is wrought with them, and if you look upon the future from a positive perspective, you will feel the vibrations of knowing—knowing that you do not have high hopes for yourself, and therefore will be more able to reach your goals. It is a higher level of consciousness…\" Pete tilted his beret dramatically and sipped his 'Caramel Macchiato'. Mocha eyed him lustily. \"Oh, Buddha-Boy, he who has reached the higher plane of imagination!\" She flourished her long fingers and let them trail along his forearm. Bobby and Max exchanged confused looks. \"Riiiiight…\" Bobby scoffed, \"'Vibrations'. I assume these be 'Good Vibrations', du-ude, yeah?\" Pete Jr. scowled at him disapprovingly. At his side, Max chuckled lightly and tore a piece from his raspberry scone. \"I mean… those are the vibrations that really, like, count, right?\" He continued sarcastically, \"And they, like, move along the 'instant karma' with their waaaaaves…\" Mocha Girl frowned, having had listened to Bobby's comments for the last hour was grating on her nerves. She leaned forward on her elbow, \"Look, fuzz-head,\" she snapped, \"The B-Dog knows what he speaks through divine consciousness, unlike you, who talks out of blindness and the confusion of clouded energy.\" Bobby shifted his tinted glasses on the bridge of his nose and cleared his throat, \"You know, my little bongo-babe, why don't you explain to me exactly what you mean by that…you're kinda starting to hurt my delicate feelings, here, brah,\" he said confrontationally. He was getting tired of sitting on the sidelines. Beside him, Max was laughing nervously and nudging him gently to stop, but he ignored him. The poet was silent for a moment, but then a wide, impish grin spread across her full, red lips. \"Oh, you want me to read you?\" She said mysteriously, \"I'll have you know, that I'm one of the best readers around, 'brah'.\" She closed her eyes and tilted her head back in concentration, positioning her hands in a Buddha-like stance. Bobby looked at Max, who simply shrugged his shoulders and shook his head. When he turned back to the girl, she was leaning forward on the table and stirring her coffee with a long spoon. \"Okay, non-believer,\" she started slowly and casually, \"From what I see in your energy, you…hide yourself from the people around you. This is most probably due to some traumatic experience from your childhood. You deny yourself, and try to drown yourself in your pot and drugs so that you don't have to face your divine identity. This probably has something to with your closeted ho—\" \"Whoa! Jesus, Bobby! Watch—crap!\" Bobby had somehow managed to get a lukewarm cup of coffee from across the table into PJ's lap, and the large teen flailed his arms in a panic. \"'Scuse me, my little mocha latte…I need to go discover the facilities.\" He left, leaving a little trail of puddles after him. Max, Bobby, and Mocha Girl sat at the table; tension was thick in the air. Bobby pointed at the entrance. \"Smoke?\" He said. It wasn't a question, and she sensed this. She scooted out of her seat, and the two walked out of the front door. Max sat alone at the table, his face twisted in confusion. With a sigh, he decided to get another latte. \"How do you know those things? Who told you to say that?\" Bobby bared his teeth. They stood underneath the shallow shelter of the building. Two feet from them, drops of rain fell heavily against the slick concrete. Mocha Girl snickered and crossed her arms. \"I told you I was accurate,\" she grinned. The short-haired boy frowned. \"That…is…bullshit,\" he spat. Then his face changed…the anger dissolved into sadness, and he leaned back against the wall. He was silent for a moment, thinking. \"Did…someone talk to you? Call you? A man or a woman?\" He felt panic rush into his brain. Mocha Girl laughed melodically and shook her head. \"Wow,\" she said, \"You are as dense as they come…\" She stood at his side and touched his shoulder comfortingly. \"I read you…I can see energies. I might sound kinda crazy, but it's not actually that uncommon. It's like seeing your emotions in colours.\" She squinted her eyes at him, \"Like, right now, you're energy is kinda crazy and dark…you're scared…you feel threatened…and you're confused.\" \"Hell yes, I'm confused!\" Bobby ran his gloved fingers across his scalp in frustration, \"You know things about me no one was ever supposed to know, and you say it's because…you're psychic?\" She snorted. \"I'm not 'psychic',\" she said with a wave of her hand, \"I'm just…more 'in touch' with people's emotions…it's a gift and a curse.\" It was Bobby's turn to snort. \"How could something like that be a 'curse'?\" \"I meet head-cases like you.\" \"Ah. Ha.\" Silence. \"So…\" He started slowly, pinching the bridge of his nose as if his head hurt, \"Let's just say you can, like, 'read me',\" he looked at her, his brow furrowed and his eyes hidden behind his shades, \"Finish what you were saying back inside.\" She shifted her stance, putting her hand on her hip. \"You mean right before you dumped coffee on my Buddha-Boy?\" \"Duh.\" She bit her bottom lip. \"You know, I only really said those things to mess with you, because you were bringing down the karmic levels with your obnoxiousness…\" \"Finish.\" She nodded. \"Like I said before, you have insecurity issues, probably due to some past…something, so you try to make up for it by acting the weirdo…the clown.\" she leaned back against the wall, which was cold and damp from the moisture. \"You hide yourself from the people around you, you have problems reaching out and trusting people. You obviously have repressed feelings for Max, and—\" \"Stop.\" \"Huh?\" Bobby felt dizzy and nauseous. He slid down the wall and crouched on the ground, his hands covering his head. He felt like he could cry. Or throw up. \"You okay, Bob-boy?\" Mocha Girl knelt down and laid a hand on his back, rubbing her light fingers in circles around his spine. \"I believe you…\" He whispered, \"I never told anyone about that before… Ever…\" She looked at him, and felt a wave of guilt wash over her. \"Look, kid,\" she said, \"You gotta get these things sorted out.\" He lifted his face, staring out at the blank wall before them. \"How could you tell…about that?\" He said quietly. \"Your energy…it was reaching out to him, even if your body wasn't. I could actually tell before I knew your names, when you guys were just sitting inside.\" She laughed. \"It was pretty funny, actually…you trying to flirt with me. Kind of pathetic.\" Bobby emitted a coughing laugh, and she could tell that he was crying. \"Yeah…well, I was just trying…to…huh…I don't even know. I guess I was just trying to get attention…y'know…\" His voice trailed off. \"Sorry 'bout that.\" \"Don't worry about it, compadre. It wasn't too painfully irritating.\" They sat like this, crouched down in the alcove in front of 'The Bean' coffee shop, the rain drizzling around them, encompassing the streets, the buildings. There were no more words exchanged, and half an hour later, Max and PJ emerged from the café, Bobby wiped his face and assumed a behaviour of extreme animation, and they went their separate ways. \"I should be being paid for this,\" Mocha Girl crossed her legs and settled back into the smooth, soft material of her couch. Across from her, sitting on a padded footstool, Bobby twiddled with his fingers and grinned weakly. \"Heh. You're asking a college kid about money,\" he said jokingly, \"Obviously, you're not as all-knowing as you claim to be.\" \"I never claimed anything.\" He shut up. \"Want some tea?\" She got up and went over to the small kitchen area, \"Might help you relax and get in touch with your inner you.\" \"Uh, sure. Inner me…like, my stomach?\" The dark-haired girl ignored him and set out two mugs while a pot of water simmered behind her. She returned to her spot on the couch, spreading her arms across the backboard casually. There was an awkward silence; Bobby stared at the patterned rug, his mind wandering. \"Uhm…do you want to start, much? Time is precious to me.\" She leaned forward. He jumped, snapping back into reality. \"Oh! Yeah, sorry. Spacing out, there…\" He cleared his throat, \"So, I guess I should start at the beginning, right? Yeah, so—\" \"Glasses.\" \"What?\" \"Off,\" she indicated at his shades, and he felt himself tense up. \"Uhhh…Is that really necessary…?\" \"Hey, you're lucky I'm doing this for you. I'm taking time out of my life, my meditation time, my yoga time, my writing time…\" \"Okay, okay! Jeez louise…\" He slipped off the glasses and set them on the coffee table before him. He blinked, his eyes adjusting to the dim light of the apartment. He swallowed and began again: \"So, when I was in high school, it was, like, my senior year, and I kinda got into trouble for various things and got sent to see the school shrink, Mrs. Anderson. I really didn't want to go…you know, I thought she was going to try and get into my head and play weird mind games, but…she was actually pretty cool. She…she actually helped me a lot with my problems. And she kept everything, you know…under wraps. Nothing left that room, which was awesome. I told her a lot. About my problems at school, at home, with my parents, and drugs, and…I told her about my…'gay-ness', and she didn't, like, freak. I never told her 'zactly who I liked, and she never asked, which…yeah. That was fine. \"Anyway, after all that, she ended up getting sick and she had to, like, quit. It was awful. I was totally lost without this woman. So, 'the man' (uh, that's Prince Mazu-u-ur) ended up putting this other chick in, and I was supposed to go to her instead, but…man, I-I don't know, she, like, found my files, or something…because, the first time I went in to see her, she…like, was going on about my 'sins' and how my soul can still be saved. She totally freaked me out, and I got the hell outta there. Scared the shit outta me. Jesus. She was, like, telling me that if I went to church and found the right girl…it was, just…argh! ANYWAY, I skipped. I went home. Now, my dad, he usually worked until, like, 6:00, right? His car was parked out front, and it was only 4:00. It was really weird. So I went inside…and…uh…\" His voice trembled and broke. \"Uhm…so, he was inside waiting for me. He caught me when I was trying to sneak upstairs to my room to get my stuff, 'cuz I was gonna…I dunno, hide somewhere, and he just…grabbed me and started yelling at me. It was fucking insane. He was throwing me all over the place and b-beating the s-shit outta m-me…a-and…fuck.\" He covered his face with his hands, trying to catch his breath and hold back the tears that filled his eyes. Mocha Girl stared at him, her arms crossed as if she were cold. The tea-kettle screamed. \"Take a moment, take a break. I'll get the tea,\" she went and switched off the bright-red, electric eye. The scream wobbled and died down. She poured the steaming liquid into two dark-green mugs, brought them out, and set them on the table. Bobby rubbed his round forehead, trying to compose himself. He wiped his nose on the sleeve of his light-green t-shirt and grinned weakly at the girl. \"Sorry. I've never told anyone about this before…\" He chuckled, trying to lighten the mood, but it wasn't working very well, \"It's kinda hard to…I dunno…say, I guess.\" Mocha Girl sipped her tea, her legs were crossed on the seat of the couch. \"It's the first step towards emotional and spiritual cleansing,\" she said bluntly, \"Get it out of your system.\" He nodded. \"So…\" He continued, \"I eventually got away, and I bunked at PJ's place. I just told him some crap about painting my room, or something. Then we graduated and came here. Yeah…so…\" He paused for a moment, picking at the edge of his pants absentmindedly, \"Uh…that's about it. Hey…\" He looked up, \"If you can read people, you can read Max, right?\" \"No.\" \"Great! Then you can tell me if he's cool with…wait, what?\" \"I said 'no'.\" \"But…why? Does he have, like, a magical force-field that makes it so you can't…like, see through it…an' stuff?\" \"Oh, Bobby, Bobby, Bobby…\" Mocha Girl stirred her tea with the tip of her finger, \"I'm not going to make it that easy…this is something you guys need to work out for yourselves, got it? No shortcuts.\" Bobby pouted and gulped his tea. \"Hey,\" she said. \"What?\" She shrugged her shoulders coyly. \"I'm sorry about all that stuff that happened to you,\" she said sympathetically. The orange-haired boy reddened slightly. \"Meh, it's fine. It's done.\" He waved his hand dismissingly. He was silent for a moment. \"I'm sorry you had to listen to my whining,\" he chuckled. He reached for his glasses. \"I owe you one. Or two. I think it really helped…y'know…getting it off my chest. It's kinda been sitting there for a while…\" \"Stagnating.\" \"Ri-ight, yeah. That.\" \"If you ever need to talk again,\" she said, getting up from the couch and leading him to the door, \"feel free to call me. Well, within reason. No late night calls, or anything.\" \"Roger, ma'am.\" \"Don't call me 'ma'am'.\" \"…Right. Sorry.\" She closed the front door behind him. Outside, the sun was shining brightly and the foliage on the ground below the apartment glowed with life. He put his glasses back on and the world got a little bit darker. Authour's Note !I do not own this chapter! I just got permission by the talented u/4328333/Nick-ed to finish it and I will do my best. From chapter 3 and on wards will be totally created by me. But this and the first chapter still belongs to Nick-ed! A longer chapter, which is good, right? A longer chapter filled with angst and totally fabricated back-story garbage. But it's fun, right? None of the movies ever really delved into Bobby's character, so it was kinda free to wreak havoc, well within reason :P Random Notes -Coffee: I know nothing about coffee, I don't drink it or anything.[Chapter 3] Bobby's sleep was tormented with nightmares. He woke up sweaty and bit his lower lip to not scream out loud as the last shadows of the bad dreams vanished to the deepest corners of his mind, where he could no longer remember them. The sheets lay on the floor and somehow, he had managed to throw his pillow to the other side of the room. He sat up, rubbing his eyes tiredly and cast a glance at the digital watch. The yellow, glowing numbers told him it was still late at night. He sighed and went out of bed. Right across the room he could see the silhouette of Max's back. Bobby walked towards it and looked down at his snoring friend. The friend the he had known since he had helped Max with lip-syncing Powerline. He smiled at the memory. It had been freaking amazing and worth every extra summer assignment 'The man' had given him. The red-head's smile diminished. Was that friendship under threat? Mocha Girl's words rang through his brain: This is something you guys need to work out for yourselves, got it? No shortcuts. \"Yeah… right…\" Bobby whispered. \"But how?\" And was it even necessary to work it out? He had kept quiet for so long that he had sort of forgotten all about it. The fact that he was homosexual had never really disturbed him. It was a detail he had just accepted and without any extra thoughts, he had let it be. According to him, it wasn't something to make a huge fuzz about. And when the day came and (against any odds, Bobby wasn't sure he actually cared about finding 'The one') he would fall in love, well, he just had to deal with it when and if it happened. But he had never thought that the subject for his…emotions would come to be Maximillian Goof! Named teen suddenly let out a dull grunt and turned around, now facing Bobby. The hipster held his breath, but Max didn't wake up. The red-haired boy sighed in relief. No, Bobby had not thought much about how he would 'deal' with his 'gay-ness'. He was a person who took days as they came by. But he could not overlook the conversation with Mocha and deep inside he knew she was right. He needed to confront himself and in time, confront Max… \"Heck…\" he spitted out and let his eyes drop to the floor. \"Bobby? Buddy, are you okay?\" Bobby twitched at the sound of PJ's slumberous voice and turned around hastily with wide eyes. The big student in the upper bed eyed him questioningly. \"Man, you look like you've been caught with the hand in the cookie jar.\" PJ stated and looked at Max who was still sleeping, unaware of the conversation around him. \"You're not planning to strangle Maxie, are you?\" PJ asked with a tired smile. Bobby smiled back. \"No. I was just…eh…sleepwalking! That's what I did!\" PJ looked at his friend little convinced. Bobby ignored him and went to the bathroom. He locked the door and studied himself in the cupboard mirror. His eyes were red edged due to the lack of sleep and underlined with dark shadows. In other words; he looked like crap. He broke the eye contact with his own reflection and opened the cupboard. He started to look for something hidden at the back of it. After a few seconds he pulled out a small plastic bag filled with ready-made joints and a lighter. \"I got serious problems…\" he murmured to himself. Something was wrong when he hid those things even from his friends. He knew it but did nothing to change it. He lit one of the cigarettes, hid the others and sat down on the toilette as he let the smoke fill the air. Soon he felt the numbness take hold of his body and the troublesome thoughts left his mind. He flushed what was left of the joint and then sprayed the bathroom with an air cleaner, (PJ had insisted that they needed one). Bobby went back to the naked bed with a body that felt both heavy as a stone and light as a feather at the same time. He didn't even care to pick up the pillow and sheets. Above him he could hear the loud snoring of Pete Junior. Somehow the sound felt comforting and soon Bobby drifted off into deep, dreamless slumber. The next day passed by as the college days used to. Lessons at noon, lunch, more lessons and everything rounded up with the three friends' regular touch of humor. Bobby had totally forgotten about last night's happenings. At least until the evening when the three as usual visited the Bean Scene. \"Fear is but a bird A bird with wings as black as the sky And a heart like the dawn's treacherous lie Crush this heart with the spear of your righteousness Spread your wings and fly Even though fear is an inevitable curse The bird will be no more.\" \"Oooh… Deeep!\" Bobby stated when Mocha Girl bowed to the snapping audience. \"Care to tell me what it means, you wise B-boy?\" he continued with a mischievously grin and looked at PJ. The black haired student gave him a look that told him to shut up, tipped his beret dramatically and followed Max to order some coffee. \"I thought you would lie low with your inappropriate insults, taken out of thin air. Especially after what I did for you.\" Bobby turned around to face the dark haired girl, whose smooth movements made it look like she was floating through the room. Bobby just shrugged and went to look for a table. Sudden discomfort came over him and he sank down at a table in one of the corners. The poet graciously sat down and looked at him. Bobby tried to look everywhere but at her. \"You've been thinking\", she suddenly said and pointed at his head with her long finger. \"And that surprises you? Babe, I feel offended.\" The red-head smiled widely and laughed, trying to ease up the tension and get the conversation on another trail then the inevitable one. Mocha Girl raised an eyebrow. \"You've been thinking about our tal…\" \"Woa! Hush, brah! Keep it down!\" Bobby burst out and waved his arms in a 'downwards' movement, like he was trying to lift of. Mocha rolled her eyes and then closed them. She rubbed her forehead slightly with her fingertips before she looked at the boy before her. \"Look,\" she said. \"You can't keep going like this. I can see in your eyes that they are screaming out for help, even though your lips and actions keep telling people that you're fine. And it's not just about Max, it's…\" \"What isn't 'bout me?\" the slim teen sat down besides Bobby with a steamy cup of coffee and a plate with some sort of pie. \"The universe, the meaning of life, all the mysteries of cosmos,\" Bobby said with a voice that cracked at the end. The other three looked at him with big, confused eyes. \"Oookey…\" PJ started and cleared his throat. \"Anyway… Because the purpose of art is the arousal of emotions, I brought you a cup of delicious latte, my little Wiener mélange.\" He handed over a white cup to the black dressed poet and received a kiss on the cheek in return. Max ignored them and took a big bite out of his pie. \"That was a great performance by the way. A bit darker than your usual work,\" Max said with his mouth filled with dough and something that looked like strawberries. Mocha Girl put her elbows on the table and rested her head on her linked hands. \"Let's just say… Yesterday, I got the inspiration for writing something like that.\" A little smile appeared on her perfectly painted lips. Bobby wasn't sure, but he could almost swear that her eyes for a moment were resting on him. He wished the floor to open up under him and swallow him whole. They sat at the Bean for a while, laughing and talking. People eventually started to find their ways home and close to closing time, Bobby and his friends were the only one left. \"I'm gonna get another one. You want something, my macchiato?\" PJ asked his girlfriend as he sat down his empty cup and stood up. \"Sure,\" Mocha answered and pulled out her chair. \"You sit down. I get it for you,\" PJ responded with a light bow. \"No. It is better I get it myself. I must look at the menu to be sure of what I want.\" PJ looked at her questioningly but she stood up and walked over to him. Before they went to get their orders she looked at Bobby with a meaningful gaze. \"Bobby,\" she said quietly and then looked at Max, who was eyeing the decoration intimately. Mocha could not see the red-head's eyes behind his shades, but she guessed he was about to panic. She knew this was something he had to take care of without her involving. The step over the threshold from insecurity towards knowledge was the hardest, and that he had to do on his own, no matter how much she wanted to help him. So she let him be and followed PJ to the bar. Bobby sat quiet for a moment before clearing his throat to get Max's attention. The black-haired boy turned wondering to face his friend. Bobby opened and closed his mouth like a fish a few times before he started. \"Well…eh… Maxie… man! I eh… There's something I… like...\" He pinched his shirt nervously. \"That I, like, wanna… tell ya…\" Max interrupted him with a huge grin. \"What is it, Bobby?\" he asked. Bobby's face turned to his knees and he kept staring at his hands. He was sweating and he felt like he was going to throw up any minute. \"It's like… I…\" he kept mumbling but Max once again cut him short. \"Dude, have you been smoking again?\" The hipster stopped eyeing his fingers and looked straight at Max's suspicious look. \"No!\" he said hastily. \"Well, yes… but that's not the point!\" Max rolled his eyes before placing a gentle hand on Bobby's shoulder. The touch made the other student shiver against his own will. \"You have to stop that! It's…\" Max started but this time, Bobby was the one to interrupt. \"Can you please listen to me!\" he yelled. The staff at the bar turned to look what was happening and PJ started to walk towards the table, but was stopped by his girlfriend's gentle but firm grip around his elbow. Bobby didn't remember he had risen from the seat, but there he stood, looking down at Max who was staring at him in disorientation. The slim boy's coffee had been spilled all over the table and the cup lay rolling on the polished surface. Bobby scratched the back of his neck in discomfort. \"What I wonder is… have you, like...\" He paused and sighed in resignation. \"Have you heard anything from Roxanne, lately?\" he eventually ended with a forced smile. He was all too aware of Mocha's looks upon him. Max stood up, slowly. \"Roxanne? Bobby, we broke up two years ago. Why would I?\" he asked, still in confusion. \"I, no… right. I just wonder if there's any lo-ove goin' on in your life-a, brah!\" Bobby boxed Max's shoulder playfully and grinned heavily. He was acting out as his own self again and Max felt some sort of relief, even though he was still deeply confounded. \"I, eh… I need a smoke…\" Bobby stated and left the room as quickly as he could without running. PJ walked up to Max. \"Man, what was all that about?\" he asked, feeling as confused as Max looked. \"I have no idea, PJ,\" the other teen said. Still at the bar, the female poet worriedly eyed the doors, which Bobby had disappeared through. \"Boys…\" she whispered to herself before taking a sip of her coffee. Author's note Here it is! Finally, the first chapter all written by me for u/4328333/Nick-ed 's story. Hope you liked it! Well, probably as much angst in this one as in the previous but hopefully I can ease up the tension soon enough. Bobby is way OOC here but I guess that's how it's going to be when he is put in these kinds of situations. So I guess you (and I) just have to deal with it. But it's fun too, right? ;) And hopefully I will manage to keep up this drama. Random notes -Sleepwalking: A person who is sleepwalking usually can't tell for themselves that they are. Lucky for Bobby, PJ was too tired to realize that the excuse was an obvious lie. -Mocha Girl's performance: I usually write poems myself but this was hard. Making something that's not rubbish but still not too understandable, and at the same time make it sound like she had written it, was quite the challenge... Hope I didn't mess up too much. -Coffee (again): I still don't know anything about coffee. All those names I just snatched from *drumroll* Wikipedia![Chapter 4] Chapter 4. Thoughts of an old Friend Max, Mocha and PJ left the Bean Scene a few minutes later. The two boys expected to find their friend smoking outside but to their surprise, he was nowhere to be seen. The girl on the other hand was not surprised. But, of course, she knew a lot more than they did and if she was in Bobbies situation, she wouldn't stay either. The three walked during silence and when they came to Mocha's apartment they said 'goodnight' and went separate ways. After a short walk PJ suddenly broke the silence. \"I've been thinking about what Bobby said,\" he started and looked to the stars above. \"Hm? Which part? The babbling nonsense or the stuttering mumbo-jumbo?\" he shook his head and laughed tiredly. PJ laughed too. \"No I mean about Roxanne. You two were perfect together, I mean…\" \"Dude, don't go there!\" Max held his hands up like a shield against his big fiend. \"It's an ended chapter and we were kids !\" PJ laughed at Max's panicking features and patted his back friendly. \"That's how it usually sounds like…\" he said mockingly and blinked at his best friend. \"We broke up, end of story!\" Max said angrily and shook PJ's hand off of his back. \"Geez, I'm just teasing you, man,\" the bigger student said defensively. \"Well don't. It's an 'of limit-subject'.\" And with that the two friends left the topic and reached their dorm. They entered the room, only to realize that Bobby was already there and apparently fast asleep. Max and PJ undressed in silence and went to bed without further fuzz. They had a big test tomorrow and even though they weren't as mature as you could ask of a college student, they actually took care of their studies. At least to a certain point. Bobby lay quiet and listened to his friend's calm breathes. When they had come through the door he had pretended to be asleep. He had no interest in answering any questions tonight and he knew they would've forgotten about his weird…well weird er … behavior in the morning. He smiled at this. That's what he liked about Max and PJ; they were simple. If you did something wrong or strange it would be forgiven and forgotten in a day. But there was one person that wasn't simple, nor would forget so easily and Bobby sighed when he realized he certainly had to deal with her lectures in a not so far future. The morning came and woke Max with a heavy autumn rain. He stumbled out of bed and got dressed before trying to bring some life into his heavily sleeping friends. \"PJ, come on! We're getting late for the exam,\" he yawned and slammed one of his shoes against the big students bottom. \"What exam?\" Bobby asked sleepily and buried his head deeper into the pillow. \"You know the math exam we've been knowing about for five weeks?\" Max said, now rather irritated because of his slow friends. PJ slowly started to climb down from his bed. \"Don't tell me you forgot, Mr. Z,\" he said and headed for the bathroom. \"Of coooourse I didn't,\" Bobby smiled and reached for his shades with a sigh. The truth was that he had not even been listening to the lecture where they had been told about the exam. And math… well, math wasn't his strongest subject. But, he thought, it'll go as it goes. At long last, Max finally managed to get his sleepy friends out the door and off to the exam. \"There will be no talking, no smoke-pauses and defiantly no cheating on my test!\" Mr. Handersson said while handing out tests to the nervous students. \"Aye, aye sir, man!\" Bobby saluted the teacher and smiled widely. Handersson slammed a paper down on the desk in front of the redhead. \"And no funny business, Mr. Zimmeruski! And take of those glasses,\" he roared as he watched the offended boy taking of his shades. The teacher eyed Bobbies red eyes suspiciously. \"You should get more sleep before a test,\" he finally stated and left to hand out the rest of the papers. The exam started and Bobby looked at the paper with questions in front of him. Did people actually have to know this stuff? What's wrong with a regular calculator? He sighed and scribbled down his name and sat the rest of the test studying everything in the room, but his test. Max had studied, really studied, this time and to his surprise the test was not as hard as he had thought. He answered question after question and when he looked at the big watch on the wall in front of him he realized that half of the time had already went by. He eyed the room and saw that Bobby was sitting and staring up at the roof. Max shook his head and turned to his own test again. Suddenly something caught his eyes and he had to turn to look. A girl had risen from her seat to hand in her test. Max knew her only a little. Her name was Anna Downswell and she was a few years older than him. It wasn't her in particular that had caught his attention. It was her hair. Usually she bore it in a long braid down her back, but know it hung lose. The fiery red curls went down her body all the way to her waist and it glimmered in the light from the fluorescent lamps. It reminded Max so much about Roxa.. No! He pushed the annoying thought away and tried to focus on the test. One hour later he handed it in and went to wait for PJ. Outside the classroom he found Bobby sitting with a coke in his hand. He looked like he had just lost a big amount of money. Max sat down beside him, making the other teen twitch in surprise. \"How did it go?\" Max asked and leaned back at the hard wall. \"Well, you can't expect a big genius like me to answer those silly questions. Bobby Z has much more important things to think about,\" Bobby said and grinned widely. Max laughed and raised an eyebrow. \"Like reflecting over the structure of the ceiling?\" he asked. \"Precisely!\" the redhead confirmed and took another sip of his coke. In time PJ also joined them and they went outside. The sun was now shining brightly and even though it was in the end of October, the air was warm. A sudden melody caught through the friends' admiration of the weather. \"Sorry. Got to take this,\" PJ excused and picked up his phone. \"Hello, my little croissant,\" he answered in the phone. Max looked at Bobby and made a look like he was about to puke. The redhead laughed hysterically. \"It was Mocha,\" PJ declared when he finally hung up. \"Oh really? Who would've known?\" Max said in played surprise. PJ rolled his eyes. \"She wondered if we want to join her for lunch. She's at the cafeteria.\" \"Sure, I just need to go get my wallet,\" Max said and ran off. \"I uh… I'm not hungry…\" Bobby started and went back into the building, leaving PJ to wait for Max alone. He was in no mood to meet the poet today, or any other day for that matter. Where was that damn wallet? Max looked through every corner, under his bed and even in PJ's bed. It was nowhere. He dragged out a drawer from the bureau and started searching it frenetically. He twitched as a pair of jeans landed on the floor with a loud rattling. Max went to shake out the content of the jeans' pockets on the floor. His wallet landed with a dull thud, opened up and emptied itself over the floor. \"Great…\" Max muttered and sat down to pick up all the coins that rolled around like they were possessed. His gaze darted something red lying under the open wallet. He picked it up carefully. A brown eyed, red haired girl smiled up at him from a school photography. He sat down on top of the bed and stroke the photo with his thumb. He had forgotten he still had that in his wallet. A sudden sadness took a hold of his heart. \"What happened to us?\" he asked the picture silently. But he already knew the answer. He had been too immature, that was where the problem lay. Before the school ball, they had had a fight about… well, Max couldn't even remember what. It had ended with him storming out from her house, refusing to go the ball with her. And she did what any other seventeen-year-old girl would have done in her situation to not be seen as an unwanted wallflower; she said yes when someone else asked her out. But Max had gone anyway, without telling her. As he sat there on the bed, the same anger and shame he felt then when he saw her dancing with another guy came over him. He had made a scene. Jesus, he had called her a 'cheater' in front of the whole school. He blushed slightly at the memory. The breakup a few days later had been a fact. He didn't want to think about Roxanne. The time with her was now history and, as he had told PJ, they were just kids at that time. And yet he had loved her. He knew it deep inside and maybe… (He stroke the photo again.) Maybe he still did love her. They were older now. Maybe things would turn out better, if he just gave it one more chance. He threw himself on top of the bed. \"You're not seriously considering this, are you Maxie?\" he asked himself. But he was and when he walked off to join his friends at the cafeteria he had reached a decision. Author's note FINALLY! Here I am with a new chapter and I'm so sorry for the wait. I've been busy in school and had a terrible writers block. But here you go and I'm hoping to finish chapter 5 today as well. And I know; short chapter is short. I just wanted to give you one from Max's point of view and as you probably already guessed Bobby screwed up big time by talking about Roxanne… Random notes -The exam: I'm not sure if America has tests like this in the middle of the term or so. I'm a student myself at an university so I just took inspiration from how it is here in Sweden. -Mr. Handersson and Anna Downswell: Just people I invented to make the story go along. They will probably never be seen again.[Chapter 5] The days past by and Friday came. Bobby had managed to avoid Mocha until now. But suddenly it seemed inevitable to see her without causing any suspicion. And it was all PJ's fault… Bobby and Max sat in the common room and played cards when PJ came bursting in with a huge grin on his face. \"I just spoke to Mocha!\" he shouted happily. Max and Bobby looked at him with little interest. \"How rare…\" Bobby stated and brought Max to laughter. The bigger student paid no interest in his friends' sarcasm. He sat down beside them and leaned closer to them. \"She told me that tonight at Club Rave a band that does Powerline covers will be playing. Guys, it's gonna be super-cool!\" \"Wow, that's cool, man,\" Max said, but couldn't help but feel a little tingling in his gut as he thought about his history with Powerlines music. It had helped him win a certain girl and Max knew he had to tell his friends about what he had decided to do. But know wasn't the time. The three joined for another game of cards, while they waited for the evening to come. And the evening came. The three friends, together with PJ's girlfriend went during laughter towards Club Rave. \"I must say, it surprised me that you said yes. I thought Powerline was more for teenagers,\" Mocha stated as they sat down at a round table. \"It's not the music itself, brah. It's the memories that lies within it. You see young Goof here got his first girlf…\" Bobby said but Max silenced him with an angry look. \"Don't push it, buddy,\" he said and looked away, but Mocha had noticed his heavily blushing cheeks. She casted a concerned look at Bobby but he was too busy with ordering drinks to notice. The band eventually entered the scene and music that was unknown to Mocha, but held a great bound between the three males started to play through the club. The singer was dressed like a younger, but blonde Powerline and his singing were almost identical. Max, PJ and Bobby were soon consumed by the nostalgic tunes. Later that evening, back at their dorm, the three friends started to make themselves ready to go to bed. Or that is if 'ready to go to bed' had the same meaning as 'massive pillow fight on the edge of war'. Bobby was sitting in PJ's bed where he was at least a little safer than on the ground. At least, until PJ managed to grab his foot and pull him down. \"Hey, guys,\" Max suddenly said as he ducked for a pillow thrown by PJ. \"I've been thinking, or Bobby, you made me think.\" The redhead stopped throwing for a second and looked suspiciously at Max. It wasn't a rare thing that he made people think, but usually it was out of confusion than anything else. \"What's up, man?\" PJ asked and unwillingly laid down his weapon, aka pillow. Max blushed slightly and rubbed the back of his neck in embarrassment. He thought he had been drinking enough to gain the courage to say this. Apparently he hadn't. But he had started and he had to continue. \"You both know that I liked Roxanne… well a lot. And I was thinking, maybe…\" he cleared his throat. Bobby slowly realized that he was holding his breath. No… He thought. No! The black-haired boy continued in a fast, shaky voice; \"Maybe I should call her and ask her out or something.\" Bobby's heart skipped a beat before it sank to a region somewhere close to his guts. PJ whistled and got over and pulled Max into a headlock, rubbing his already messy hair with his fist. \"I told you, you two never would've broke up,\" the big student cheered. Bobby's brain was spinning as he walked over to his friends. Are you fucking blind?! his mind cried out towards Max, but instead he heard his own voice shout joyfully; \"Alright Maxie-million!\" as he bumped Max friendly in the back. It was in the middle of the night when Mocha Girl's phone called. \"I'm coming, I'm coming, Jesus…\" she mumbled as she picked up the angrily ringing phone. \"Yes?\" she answered politely but with a touch of irritation. \"I screw up,\" a dull voice said through the phone. \"Bobby, what did I tell you about calling me within reas…\" she started annoyed but cut herself short as she realized that the person in the other end was sobbing. \"Where are you?\" she asked worriedly and hoped he wouldn't be too far away. \"By the fountain,\" came the muffled answer. \"Alright buddy, hang in there. I'm on my way.\" She arrived to the college park twenty minutes later. Bobby was sitting by the fountain with his head rested in his hands. At his feet lay two dead joints and he was smoking a third one. Mocha sat down beside him and stroke his back slowly. She didn't ask anything, but waited for him to say something. He didn't. Instead he dropped the cigarette on the ground and threw himself around her neck. He was crying unstoppable against her shoulder while his hands clenched at the back of her black coat. She caressed his back but said or did nothing to hurry him. After a few minutes he settled down and let go of her. \"I screw up…\" he whispered again and stared at his hands like they were some kind of alien beings. The poetess took his hands in hers. They were cold as ice. \"Explain,\" was all she said and tried in vain to make eye contact. \"Max is asking Roxanne out…\" he raised his gaze and stared at the girl in front of him. \"He still loves her and it's my fault!\" he blurted out. \"It's not your…\" Mocha started but she was interrupted by the hipster's angry voice. \"But it is! I made him think about her! I was the one not daring to tell him… tell him… Fuck!\" He hid his face in his hands and Mocha felt how his whole body was rocking. She patted him friendly and did what she knew was best in these situations; she waited. After a while he stopped sobbing and sat right up. His eyes stared into the distance and he seemed far away. When he finally spoke it sounded like a ghost of his former self. \"But it's alright, you know. I mean who cares anyway? I'm just the weirdo. It's okay 'cause I will always be fine. It's okay to hurt someone that will always be fine, right? I guess it is…\" he sat quiet for a few seconds before continuing. \"And if I wouldn't be okay… if I would just, I dunno', give up? Then no one would think that's strange either 'cause I'm just me, I'm just Bobby. And maybe it's better if I no longer existed…\" His words died out as a glowed palm hit his cheek heavily. Mocha directly regretted her action. She was against violence but sometimes it was needed. She took Bobby's both shoulders and squeezing them lightly, she turned him towards her. \"Don't you dare say that,\" she said strictly but still gently. \"You will not give up, you hear me? Is this how you solve problems back at Spoonerville? Because I have been taught that if you get a problem you deal with it. And despite what you believe in I actually care, Bobby. I like you even thought I for my wildest imagination can't understand why.\" She smiled and her eyes glimmered happily when she saw Bobby do the same. \"Sorry, it's just a lot right now,\" he said and looked down at the ground again. \"Yeah,\" she agreed and eyed the yellow and red leaves that were still struck on the trees. \"It's getting cold.\" Bobby nodded to this even though he didn't really feel it. \"What will you do on the Christmas break?\" Mocha asked and tried to ease up the tension. Bobby shrugged. \"Dunno. Go home I guess,\" he said and looked at the black skies above. \"Go home? You mean to…\" Mocha started. \"Yes!\" Bobby snapped. \"Yes I'm going home to my father and my 'oh so wonderful'- sisters! And yes it's the same goddamn father that I told ya 'bout last time. Happy?\" he sighed and leaned against a tree. \"Sorry…again…\" he said and shoved his hands down his pockets. \"It's okay. I understand,\" Mocha said and carried on. \"So you have sisters?\" To that Bobby only snorted and it took a while before he said anything more. \"I got three older sisters, the youngest is 24 if I'm not completely woozy,\" he smiled weakly. \"It's not that we have a bad relationship it's just that…well they're surgeons, lawyers and designers. I'm just, well, me… I guess I've never been good enough,\" he ended and looked away awkwardly. \"How about your mother? Can't you talk to her?\" Mocha asked carefully. Bobby just shook his head sadly. \"My mum isn't…available…\" he responded. For once Mocha was out of words. She just walked up to him and gave him a hug. The angst he radiated was almost painful for her but she could feel something else as well. Something deep inside that wanted to live, that wanted to grow and be strong. \"I can tell that you have greatness inside. Don't waste it on trying to live up to other's expectations,\" she said, bid him goodnight and went home. Bobby watched her leave. \"Yeah, right,\" he sighed and lightened another joint. Author's note Not so much to say about this. I am being me and putting characters through horrible angst *evil laughter* :p But I do have a story and all you have to do is go along. That's all I'm going to say for now. This chapter is rather short as well, I'm sorry for that. Hopefully the next one is better. Random notes -Bobby's sisters: Totally made up fabric to make it clearer why Bobby seems to have so much to live up to. -The joints: I have no idea really how much you can smoke without getting sick, but I looked it up and it seems that the more you smoke, the more you can take. And if Bobby has been smoking every day since he was 14-15… well you can do the calculation.[Chapter 6] The snow arrived on swift wings like a ghost during the night. One day the muddy parks and wet leaves made everyone curse of annoyance. The next day a thick layer of sparkling crystals hid all the dirt under its white cover. The winter break started with Bobby being called to the study adviser's office. \"Mr. Zimmeruski,\" Ms. Lisa Quincy, started but Bobby interrupted. \"Just Bobby's fine,\" he pointed out, putting one leg over the other and leaned back in the chair. It was not a comfortable one and the redhead started to long for his bed at home. Lisa smiled. \"Bobby then. I want to talk to you about your efforts here at the school,\" she now sounded serious but there was something in her voice, something warm that reminded Bobby about Mrs. Anderson. Nevertheless he would not let this chick try to play nice on him and he sighed heavily at the mention of his failed efforts. \"First, I'd like to point out to you that this is not a mandatory education, this is your own choice and hence, regulation says that I would have to throw you out. But..,\" she raised a hand when Bobby tried to protest. \"I won't,\" she continued. The teen twitched and sat up straight to focus on the woman in front of him. \"Why?\" he finally asked with surprised voice. The study adviser laughed heartedly. \"Because I think that everyone deserves another chance and it is of my belief that if you're here, you want to do something with your life. Now, I will write you up for a complementary test after the break. If you make it, you won't get more then the lowest grade but you will pass all the subjects you failed during the first term.\" While she was talking she was looking through her drawer after papers and because of this she didn't see the student's shocked face as he slowly leaned closer to her. It wasn't until he was half lying-half leaning over her desk that she finally looked up with a questioning expression on her face. \"Are you serious?\" he almost yelled at her with eyes nearly popping out behind his shades. \"Yes, Mr. Zimmeruski, I'm very serious,\" Lisa answered obviously amused over his reaction. \"Dolly that's… that's pure awesomeness!\" Bobby ran up from his chair, almost knocking it over. \"Thank you, ma'm,\" he said shaking her hand enthusiastically with a wide grin written all over his features. He thanked one more time before heading for the door. \"Oh and Bobby,\" the blonde woman said before the student opened the door. He turned and looked at her like she was about reveal that everything was a joke and that he should have to pack everything for good. \"Don't call me 'Dolly',\" Ms. Quincy said. Her voice sounded harsh but Bobby could sense a little laughter hidden behind the words. He smiled and saluted her with a bow. \"Yes, ma'm!\" \"Have a nice Christmas.\" \"You too, miss.\" \"Bobby, come on!\" Max shouted when he saw the slim teen walk out through the heavy school doors. He looked like had just woken from a long sleep and grinned widely at the sun. \"Man, are you coming or not?\" PJ said as he threw the last of the heavy bags in the trunk of the mini-van. Bobby walked down the stairs with his hands in his pockets, happily sauntering towards his friends. The two other boys looked at him in confusion. They weren't sure whether or not the redhead had been thrown out and if the smile was just a charade. \"Are you alright, man?\" Max asked cautiously and tried to catch Bobby's eyes. \"Alright?\" Bobby said loud. \"Alright!? I'm better than alright? I'm awesome, guys! I just have to do some test or whatever it was and then I'm like… I'm like in the game again!\" he waved his arms above his head like a mad man, almost knocking Max over. Mocha Girl simply smiled. Hopefully this could be the starting point, from where on Bobby would begin to take responsibility for his own life and feelings. She kissed PJ gently. \"See you in two weeks,\" she said and waved her goodbye to the three friends before heading towards her apartment. \"We have to go guys,\" Max said. \"My dad has probably already started with dinner.\" \"Then we better hurry before he burns the house down,\" PJ said mockingly and climbed in to the backseat. Bobby walked up the gravel-path that led to his parent's house. He had had a great time together with the Goofs and PJ's father (even though the last one was an all too loud person in Bobby's eyes). But every good time must come to an end. He looked at the red front door and considered whether he would knock or not. He decided to just walk in. \"Hello?\" he called as he took his jacket and boots off. The TV was on in the living room and Bobby heard the footsteps when his father, got up and walked towards the hallway. \"So you're home now?\" the man asked and looked at his youngest child with tired eyes. \"You waited up?\" Bobby asked and gazed at the wall-clock in the kitchen, which could be seen from the hall. It said eleven pm. \"I wanted to wait 'til you came home so I could help you with your bag,\" the older man said. \"Thanks,\" Bobby mumbled. The two men stood quiet for a moment, not knowing what to say next. Since the…incident…when Bobby was still in High school, the two men had never really bounded again and their relationship was uneasy and tensed. They barely chatted other than if they had to and the father was a big reason to why Bobby had chosen to go to college after he graduated. Max was another. But somewhere, deep inside Bobby, there was a third, smaller reason; one that said that he wanted to make something out of his life and actually be someone. Mocha had seen this, but for Bobby, this reason was still too deeply buried in his mind. \"Where's mum?\" Bobby finally asked. The father looked away. \"I told you in the letter,\" he answered, staring at the floor. \"I never got any letter,\" Bobby mumbled and lowered his eyes. \"No? I must've forgotten. She's…\"in\" again.\" Bobby sighed sadly. \"…how is she..?\" he finally asked. It took a few moments before his father finally answered. \"She's stabile for now.\" Bobby nodded. \"What was it this…\" \"Enough now, Robert!\" Mr. Zimmeruski suddenly raised his voice and made Bobby shrug back a little. The father sighed again and stroke his face in frustration. \"You better go to bed. Your sisters are coming tomorrow.\" And with these words he left, turned off the TV and went in to his bedroom. Bobby looked after him and rolled his eyes. He picked up his bag and went up the stairs towards his childhood room. Bobby's mother, Cindy, was a fragile, red-haired little woman. She was beautiful, loved to sing and there was always a smile hidden in the corners of her eyes. But just as Bobby, she was hiding a darker side within herself. During the past twelve years she had fallen down a deeper and deeper depression with periods which she was spending at a mental hospital, mostly for hurting or even trying to kill herself. It all started with the death of her mother and Bobby's failures in school. It wasn't that Bobby's bad behavior in school was the reason to her depression. But losing Bobby's grandmother was hard for her and Cindy felt that because of her beginning depression it was her fault that Bobby wasn't doing well, which made her even sadder, causing some kind of catch 22. Bobby knew this (like children always seem to know more than their parents think) but he still blamed himself in silence, maybe because his father Harry, even though he never said it with his mouth as much as with his eyes, did so. And here Bobby now was. At the bottoms of the pecking order of his family. He slammed his head hard against the wall, cursing quietly. Why did everything have to be so damn difficult? He didn't care about his sexual orientation or his problems in school, so why did everybody else? He decided that the next morning, before his sisters arrived, he would visit his mother at the hospital. Alone. He lay down in his bed, still dressed and curled up in a fetal position. Max hesitated with the fist still raised to a knock. What the hell was he doing? Her monster- daddy would probably kill him before he could even react. But this was it. If he didn't knock now, he would never dare to. He took two deep breathes and let his fist hammer against the door in a rapid tapping. Immediately the door was opened with a loud slam and reviled Roxanne's massive father. He stared down at Max, obviously with recognition and Max felt how every fiber of his body wanted to run off. \"Hello, sir, uhm… My name is Maximillian Goof, bet you remember me…yes? Okay… Well I understand if you are a bit mad at me but I just thought that, maybe…\" he was interrupted by a muffled growl from Roxanne's father. Max started to instinctively back away. This was a bad idea! \"Dad? Who is it?\" a soft voice called from somewhere inside the house and suddenly, to Max's delight and dread, a young red-haired woman appeared behind the huge man. She looked at Max with wide and confused eyes before gently placing a hand on her father's back. \"Its okay dad,\" she said with a smile, receiving a smile in return. Her father glared one last time reproachfully at Max before leaving the two teens alone. \"What are you doing here?\" Roxanne asked, leaning against the terrace rail with her arms crossed over her chest. She had her hair in a loose ponytail with two strands hanging out at either side of her eyes. She was dressed in light blue jeans and a red blouse and the only word that showed up in Max's head was 'wow'\" He was abruptly ripped from his thoughts by Roxanne's wondering eyes. \"You look good,\" he finally said without thinking. Roxanne laughed dryly. \"You won't come far with shallow compliments Max Goof,\" she said and went to go inside. \"Wait!\" Max said, grabbing her wrist gently. She turned and looked at him with fiery eyes and snatched her arm from his grip. \"What? You disgrace me in front of the whole school, we broke up two years ago and I haven't heard from you since! And suddenly you're standing here on my porch and…\" \"I was a jerk. Roxanne!\" The girl looked at him with surprise and relaxed a bit. \"What!?\" she asked, now in a much softer voice. \"I was a jerk, I admit that and I'm sorry. I just… I guess I loved you too much…\" he finally said and looked down at his feet. Roxanne stood quiet for a moment and when she didn't say something Max continued. \"If you want me to go, I'll go. I just wanted you to know.\" He started to walk down the wooden stair. Roxanne rolled her eyes. \"Hang on,\" she said, making Max stop and look at her with beating heart. \"Why are you here?\" she said and crossed her arms again. \"I wanted to see if we could give it another go, now when we both are more mature…\" \"You mean now when you is more mature?\" she said with a raised eyebrow. Max nodded with a smile. She threw her arms up in the air in an 'I give up'-movement. \"How do you expect me to believe you?\" she asked and glared at him. \"You don't have to. I'll just have to show you that I've finally grown up, well, a little at least,\" he answered and laughed gently. She eventually broke into laughter. \"Okay. I give you one chance. We'll meet tomorrow downtown at noon. Don't be late!\" \"You got it, girl,\" Max said, smiling like an idiot. Roxanne watched through the window as Max went down the stairs and left. She felt how a little fluttery feeling started to move in her stomach. It was something about that Goof-boy that was…irresistible. \"Robert Zimmeruski. I'm her son.\" The receptionist eyed the redheaded young man in front of her skeptically. Bobby shook his head. \"Look, lady, how many Zimmeruski's do you think there is in this town? She has red hair and blue eyes, her name is Cindy. She has four kids, I'm the youngest and…\" \"Okay, okay, sir. There's no need in overreacting. She is in room seven, down the corridor on the right.\" Bobby thanked and strutted off. He knocked on the door softly and went inside. The room was white, sterile and smelled funny. In a bed at the ulterior wall lay his mother. She looked up from the book she was reading and a big smile spread over her face. \"Bobby,\" she said and sat up, putting the book down on a side table. He pulled a chair to the side of her bed and sat down. \"How are you?\" he asked and leaned closer to her, resting his elbows on his knees. She took one of his hands between hers and Bobby winced when he saw that around her wrists were thick bandages. He looked away hastily, knowing that she wouldn't want him to realize. He was used to that by now. \"I'm fine,\" she said tiredly. \"The doctor says that I will be home for Christmas.\" Bobby smiled. \"That's great, mum.\" They sat quiet for a few moments, looking at the snow that quietly fell outside the window. \"How's school?\" his mother suddenly asked. Bobby thought for a moment before answering the question. \"It's okay. They say that I will have to do some extra test, but it's okay,\" he said, avoiding the part about that the extra test was instead of him being kicked out. Somehow he felt that she understood. \"And everything is good with your friends?\" Bobby gulped and closed his eyes for a moment, suddenly feeling hot tears burning on the inside of his eyes. \"Mum…\" he whispered. \"I need to talk to you…\" \"Come here, baby-bro'!\" Bobby barely had the time to close the front door before he was caught by Rose in a headlock. He found himself facing her belly of four months pregnancy for a few seconds before she finally released him. She grinned at him and he met her eyes with a tired look. Rose was the middle-sister, 28 years old, had a fiancé and was now pregnant with her first child. She was the pretty one with her red kissed, blonde hair and an always positive attitude. She was a real teaser and worked as a surgeon. \"You look good, sis,\" Bobby declared and corrected his shades lumpy. Rose bowed theatrically and giggled softly. \"Cut it off you two! We need to plan the Christmas food!\" Selena, Bobby's oldest sister, snapped as she walked pass them on her way to the kitchen. She was 32, married with three children and was a successful lawyer who barely lost any cases. Her hair was dark like her father's and she was the proper sibling, the one who knew how to behave in which situation and she was the one who took charge over, well, everything. \"A real party pooper that one,\" Rose said and rolled her eyes. \"Tell me 'bout it,\" Bobby agreed and the two went into the kitchen to help their older sister. \"Robert! I started to wonder where you've been!\" a black-haired young girl ran up to him and hugged him tightly in a bear hug. Bobby put his arms around her and patted her back absentmindedly. She pulled away and eyed him carefully. \"You look thin. Do you eat properly at the college?\" \"Yes, Mave, now please let me breath,\" Bobby said and laughed loudly. Maven was the youngest of the sister, 24 years old, single and worked as a designer. She had dyed her hair black and before Bobby she had been the rebel in the family. She was the one of the sisters that Bobby had the best relationship with. \"Can I get some attention here, please? Some help, maybe?\" Selena waved an empty note and a pen in the air. Bobby and Maven looked at each other and slowly sat down at the table. \"So, Christmas dinner; what do we need?\" Selena started and put the pen against the piece of paper. \"Turkey, of course,\" Rose said and leaned back on her chair. \"Fruit cake,\" Maven suggested. \"Cheeze Whiz!\" Everybody turned their faces towards Bobby who observed them behind his shades. Rose burst out into laughter, Selene shook her head and Maven rolled her eyes. Outside the snow fell another inches. Christmas was only two days away. Author's note Woho! Finally another update! Thank you so much for reviewing and supporting me! :D So, Roxanne is a bitch but one might understand her. And I'm sorry for Bobby's mother but I needed a dark twist to explain the big gap and tension in the family. This is just a transport distance to where things will be really interesting, so I'm sorry if you wanted to see more about Spoonerville but this will probably be it. Please, stay tuned J[Chapter 7] \"It will be empty without you, baby-bro,\" Rose said and hugged Bobby tight. He hugged her back and then let her go to say goodbye to his mother. She had been home the whole week and looked much better. Bobby hoped that this time, it would last. She took him in her arms and he felt just how thin she was, like if he squeezed too hard she would break. \"I will miss you. Take care back there,\" she said . \"I will, mum. I'll call you,\" he replied. She nodded and suddenly he could feel her mouth pressed to his ear so that no one else could hear when she softly started to whisper. \"Remember what I told you. I will support you, no matter what you choose.\" She let go of him and smiled. He nodded and gave her a weak smile back. It had been easier than he had first thought to tell his mother everything about Max. She had listened without interrupting and when he was done she had taken his hand between her's and looked him deep in the eyes. She had told him that she couldn't do his choices for him but if it was this way he felt he would tell Max. And if Max was half the friend she thought he was, he would not let their friendship die even if he didn't share Bobby's feelings. The redhead now turned to his father. \"Well, eh... take care son,\" Harry mumbled and stared down at his boots. \"You too, sir,\" Bobby mumbled back and started to walk down the gravel-path. While he was saying goodbye both PJ and Max had been arriving and...was that..? Roxanne? Bobby felt how his heart skipped a beat when Max leaned down and gave Roxanne a kiss on the cheek. \"Goodbye, babe,\" he said and she smiled at him. Suddenly something caught her attention and she looked away from the tall teen next to her. \"Bobby? Bobby Zimmeruski?\" she said and walked over to meet him. \"Hi, I didn't know you were at college too. It's kinda...surprising...no offense though,\" she said in an attempt to sound friendly. However, she seemed to fail gravely, as Bobby walked past her without as much as looking at her. \"Yeah, whatever,\" he muttered and sat down behind the steering wheel. Roxanne looked at Max questioning. He simply shrugged. Bobby was...Bobby. He was used to his strange behavior by now. He hugged Roxanne and entered the backseat, while PJ sat down in the passenger seat. Bobby let the red and white mini-van leave the driveway before the other two had gotten their seatbelts on. /// Bobby was gripping the wheel so hard his knuckles hurt. The image of Max and Roxanne would not leave his mind and he felt sick. Why would this have to happen just when he for once was about to actually take care of something in his life? Next to him he heard PJ open his mouth. \"Sooo, Maxie, you and Roxanne, huh?\" he teased and turned to watch Max. The boy in the backseat blushed a little. \"PJ, come on. We're just hanging out and see what it will lead to,\" Max laughed and slapped PJ's shoulder. \"I see,\" the big guy said. \"So you two haven't...\" \"No! I mean she is beautiful but we both need more time than two weeks to get to know each other again,\" Max said, now feeling extremely embarrassed, something that PJ saw and knew how to push even further, for no reason than his own amusement. \"Ah, but I know that you want to,\" he said, smirking. But he never received any response other than Max's panicked face and the sound of a horn. \"Bobby, watch it!\" The redhead was driving over 80 mph and had almost hit the car in front of them. He now drew up to the side of the road and stopped the engine. His heart was pounding heavily and he swallowed a few times to get control over himself again. He hadn't realized that he in anger had pressed the pedal harder and harder. \"What the hell was you doing?\" Max shouted and opened Bobby's door. \"Man, I'm sorry, I..\" \"Sorry? Sorry don't bring back the dead, Bobby!\" \"Max look, it was an accident. We're all pretty scared. Let's just calm down and get back on the road, okay?\" PJ put a hand on Max's shoulder in an attempt to calm him down. \"Sure... But I drive!\" Max replied and sat down in the driver seat. \"Suit yourself,\" Bobby mumbled. The rest of the trip, he spent in the backseat, lying down and listening to music through his headset. /// Mocha was meeting them by the parking lot. She helped them unloading their bags, before she walked over to PJ and gave him a big kiss. \"Welcome back, papa dog,\" she said with a soft smirk on her lips. \"The moon is in a very good phase tonight,\" she continued whispering with a voice that made PJ's stomach feel like it was filled with little butterflies. He caressed her hair and looked back at his two buddies. \"Is it okay with you if I follow Mocha home?\" he asked with a slight blush on his cheeks. Bobby and Max looked at each other and grinned. \"Of course,\" Max said. \"I'm sure you two have a lot of things to make up for.\" He grinned even wider and Bobby giggled hysterically next to him. PJ only snorted , put an arm around Mocha and walked off. \"So, I guess we have to carry the bags on our own?\" Max stated with a sigh. \"Seems like it,\" Bobby agreed and picked his backpack up from the ground. /// Bobby sat on the floor in their dorm, stuffing the bureau full with clean socks. Max was in the other end of the room, unpacking his own bag. \"I better go clean the cupboard before we put our things there. Or else we will never hear the end of it from PJ,\" Max laughed and headed for the bathroom with a toothbrush in his hand. Bobby could hear him pick out stuff and making disgusted sounds when realizing just how much moist and dust that had been gathering in there. Suddenly it went dead silent in the bathroom. Bobby stiffened. Had he found..? No, he couldn't... He felt his breath escalate when he heard the rustling of a plastic bag and then Max's heavy footsteps behind him. He barely had the time to turn around before the bag with joints and the lighter hit him in the back. \"What are these?\" Max demanded to know. His eyes were like sharp needles, trying to catch Bobby's gaze. The redhead, still sitting on the floor, picked up the plastic bag. \"It's...it's nothing...\" he said quietly. Max walked closer to him. \"If the teachers find out...\" \"But they won't, right Maxie?\" Max sighed and pinched the back of his nose. \"I don't know, Bobby. I don't know anymore...\" \"What the hell do you mean by that?\" Bobby shouted. He stood up now, his hands curling into angry fists. \"I mean that I don't know what to do anymore! When will you grow up and take care of your life? I mean, it's all just a game for you, right? Like back there in the car and before that with Roxa...\" The punch came hard and took him completely by surprise. Max rubbed his chin where Bobby's fist had hit him and before he could stop himself he threw himself over the hipster. The two boys rolled around on the floor, fists punching and feet kicking wherever they could. Suddenly Max had the upper hand and Bobby, in a desperate try to break free, pushed him away hard. The black-haired teen fell backwards and hit one of the beds. \"Hey, what's your problem, man?\" Max yelled, rubbing the back of his head. \"Roxanne is my problem!\" Bobby yelled back before he could stop the words from spilling over his lips. Max starred at him in what felt like hours. \"What?\" he finally said. His voice was calm, but surprised. What had Roxanne to do with anything? Bobby sat up on the floor, avoiding Max's gaze. \"There is something I've been wanting to tell you since High school,\" he began, biting his lower lip to prevent it from trembling. \"Tell me what?\" Bobby inhaled. He felt how warm, salty tears started to fall down his cheeks. It hurt to hold them back. It hurt to hold anything back. He couldn't take the pain anymore. For three years he had put up with it. He couldn't stand one more hour, one more second. If Max would hate him, so be it. He moved swift with closed eyes. Max never realized what was happening until a pair of warm lips, wet from tears, was pressed against his. It was like millions of electrical sparks emerged from their linked lips and sent shivers down his spine. The moment seemed to last for an eternity, even though it was only a few seconds, and during that time Max was all too shocked to move. Bobby eventually pulled away. He starred at Max behind his shades, looking just as shocked as the Goof felt. \"Bobby...\" Max started but the hipster had already risen from the floor and fled through the door. /// Author's note Finally we came to the hot part, right? ;) I threw in some (very discrete) sexual references in this chapter. Hope they didn't offend someone. Please tell me what you think. Bad? Good? Are things going too fast? And I can't tell you enough how much I love your reviews and I read them all and try to answer them as quickly as possible 3[Chapter 8] Chapter 8. An old enemy \"Well, maybe I should start working part time as a psychologist.\" Mocha sat down in the sofa and took a sip from her cup of tea. \"What do you mean?\" Max asked and looked at her. She giggled softly. \"Only that Bobby have been telling me about almost the same thing that I sense you're going to talk about,\" she answered and put the mug down on her coffee table. \"That he kissed me?\" Max looked down into his own tea and so he wasn't able to see Mocha's expression. If he had, he had been one of the few whom had seen her in chock. She gathered herself quickly though and leaned forward towards Max. She put a finger under his chin and tilted his face so that he was looking at her. \"Tell me,\" she then said and looked him deep into the eyes. He raised his hands in the air with a sigh. \"What is there to tell you more than that he...Bobby...\" Max's voice faded away as the word still felt too unfamiliar in his mouth together with Bobby's name. \"Just tell me what happened,\" the woman before him said soothingly and leaned back against the backside of the sofa. Max looked at her with disbelief and then out through the window. As he watched the silent snowflakes he started to tell her about the whole incident with him finding the smokes which led to the fighting and the kiss. She listened, without interrupting and when he was done she watched him during silence as he took a sip from his now cold tea. When she didn't say anything he lowered his eyes and a sarcastic laughter escaped from his lips. \"And you know what? You wanna know what the most fucked up thing about this is?\" he said without meeting her eyes. \"I wouldn't express myself like that, but yes,\" she replied. Max looked at his hands. \"It wasn't...unpleasant,\" he finally said and swallowed nervously. \"It was a good kiss,\" Mocha stated without any further curlicues. Max nodded and smiled weakly at her straightforwardness. \"So what are you going to do now?\" she asked in her soft voice. He shrugged. \"What is there to do? Guess I have to confront him somehow...\" \"Sure,\" Mocha said and stood up to remove the cups. When she bent down to pick up Max's she placed her free hand on his chest. \"Just don't forget to listen to this,\" she continued before taking his mug and walked out to her kitchen with her usual, floating moves without giving him time to respond. When she came back Max had stood up and was ready to leave. He reached out his hand towards her but she just ignored it and hugged him before following him to the door. Just when he was about to leave she said: \"Oh, and say hello to \"the fly in my soup\" from me if you see him.\" Max turned around and looked at the smirking poet. \"The who?\" he asked in confusion. \"Didn't you know?\" It seems like Uppercrust is back again from the hospital.\" /// Bradley Uppercrust III, king over the college by birthright, stood up from his comfortable armchair, his throne, and looked out over his remaining companions. They were one man short and Brad smiled mischievously as he thought of the power he possessed here at campus. After the incident with the fire and Tank's unfortunate rescue, he had to make sure that there was no doubt on who was ruling this place. Getting his right hand expelled and charged with assault was not the hard part. The hard part was gaining respect when sitting in a wheelchair. Bradley was now able to walk almost perfectly as long as he used crutches for support and whenever someone even looked at him in a rude way, the Gammas were there, making it very clear that their leader's glory days were not over yet. Bradley's life was back on track: he had survived being thrown into a freaking airship, he had regained his status at the college and he was with people he could trust. There was just one little detail which failed his life from feeling perfect. That Goof-boy and his friends were still at the school and people loved them! Bradley had not yet managed to avenge his humiliation and he blamed those three and especially Maximillian Goof. But he could wait. He was, most of the time, a patient man and he would wait for them to show a weakness. And the moment they did, he would strike and leave them just as humiliated as he had been. /// Bobby sat in the gym hidden behind three big exercise machines. He had no idea what they were called or what they did but since no one seemed to use them as long as the snow was still on the ground, he found it the perfect place to dwell. The main reason was that he was hiding from Max. He knew he would have to turn back to the dorm eventually but he didn't want to think about it. And he would not go back until he was sure that his roommates were fast asleep. The other reason for him being at the gym where he could be alone was that (yes people this is true) he was studying! The test would be in a week and he had finally realized that if he were to fix things he had to at least make this. The shit with Max... Well, it had been like this for many years (without the kissing part though) and he knew that he would never be able to deal with that if he was to be thrown out from college. \"Baby steps,\" he told himself. \"Avoid Max, pass test, talk to Max... maybe...\" That was the way he would handle it. One thing at the time. He knew that Mocha wouldn't really agree with the \"avoiding\"- part but he didn't really care. His head felt like mashed potatoes and he couldn't get hold of more than one thought at a time. He needed to be alone. He needed to focus. He stared down at the book in his lap. He actually knew some of this but the rest was just weird. He sighed and looked up at the ceiling. No smoke detectors or fire sprinklers could be seen. He lit a cigarette and let the smoke fill his lungs. He felt his mind clear up and a feeling that he would succeed replaced the thought that everything was lost. He could make this! /// It was late when Max finally entered the dorm. He had been at the library, studying and secretly looking for Bobby but with no success. When he now took off his clothes before going to bed he saw that PJ was already sound asleep but that Bobby's bed was empty. Max sighed and lay down in his bed. Memories of the day flashed before his closed eyes and he fell asleep with a burning sensation lingering on his lips. /// Author's note I'm sorry for the long wait and that when I finally update it's very short. This is mostly just a filler chapter and to upload something so you won't grow too tired of me :) I actually did some research now about smoking cannabis and I realized that maybe I haven't portrayed it the right way before. Anyway, it said that a person who smokes, at first gets very clear in the head, which is why I thought it would fit together with Bobby studying. Now don't get me wrong: I DO NOT support smoking cannabis or anything like that, because of the long term consequences and the risk for addiction. Just thought I had to make that clear XD[Chapter 9] Chapter 9. A test and the power of confessions Max had known PJ for many years. He knew most things about him and his family. PJ was a soft guy, one that cared for the beauty in the world and liked people for who they were, not how they looked. He adored his strong, confident mother and loved his sister more than anything, even though he mostly thought that she was a pain in the ass. He liked learning new stuff and in school he had average grades, even though Max often had lured him in to some trouble more fascinating than studying. PJ's life would be pretty much perfect if it wasn't for the constant fear he felt for his big, loud father. Max knew that Pete at some occasions had hit his son but more than anything, he used a mental abuse, causing PJ to think that he never was man enough or ever could make Pete proud. Those thoughts often haunted Max, as he had never experienced these kind of things in his childhood. Sure, he had been devastated when his mother died but his father had always been there, comforting and reassuring that the mother was in a better place. Goofy would rather cut off his own hands, than hurt his son willfully. All those thoughts made Max realize that he knew very little about Bobby. They had talked for the first time when he needed his expertise in hijacking the auditorium and performing as Powerline. After that Bobby just became a part of the team. But he never really said anything about himself and when he did, it was mostly weird things, like his obsession with canned cheese. Max and PJ had been at Bobby's house two times and from that, they had figured out that he had three sisters and two parents. But they had only met the two youngest sisters, who still lived at home back then, and Harry, leaving Max and PJ with no clues of how Bobby's relationships with them all really were and where the mother dwelled. This was the thoughts consuming Max's mind when he, with unintended force slammed his palms down on the table in the cafeteria at which Mocha and PJ was sitting and asked: \"Where's Bobby?\" PJ, visibly startled by his friend's sudden appearance and outburst, took a bite from his sandwich with grilled cheese while thinking of a good way to respond to this. Mocha, however beat him to it. \"He's taking his test today, didn't you know that?\" \"No, he barely talks to me anymore...\" Max said, secretly making eye contact with the beret girl who gave him a knowing look. \"And I had forgotten it was today,\" he added sheepishly. \"It's strange,\" PJ said. \"Bobby is always up before you wake up and he goes to bed after or before you do. I barely see him at our room. It's almost like he disappears during the day. You two have been fighting or something?\" Max looked at Mocha, panic clearly written in his face. He didn't know what to tell his best mate. He wanted to explain the whole thing but it felt so strange, so unreal. Max had no idea what the incident with Bobby meant or would come to mean. He didn't want to drag PJ in on it before he had had a chance to sort it out on his own, which had proved to be easier said than done, since Bobby was nowhere to be found during his wake hours. \"Yeah, something like that,\" Max muttered. PJ looked at him with a concerned expression. \"What happened?\" the big guy asked. Max sighed. \"Look, bro, I promise I'll tell you as soon as I know for myself. But right now there's a lot in my head that I need to figure out on my own and with...Bobby. I'm sorry,\" Max explained as good as he could without going in to details or leaving out too much. Unfortunately the look of concern did not leave his friend's face. \"You're scaring me a little now, Maxie,\" PJ said but he was stopped from urging Max to go on by his girlfriend's hand on his shoulder. \"I'm sure Max is capable of taking care of his own problems. Most of the times...\" she said the last part with her eyes fixed on Max. PJ, still not convinced, relaxed a bit. \"I'll be here if...when, you need me,\" he mumbled. Max gave PJ a smile and nodded understandingly. \"What room is he in?\" Max then asked. \"B202, I think,\" PJ said and looked at his girlfriend who nodded in confirmation. Max waved and headed for room B202. /// Yes! It was the only word that rang through his head and was strong enough to describe what he was feeling at the moment. He wasn't sure but 90 % of his brain, no matter how fucked up it was, told him that he had done it! The studying had paid off. He felt lighter than he had felt in a very long time without the help of drugs as he handed in the test 30 minutes before the time was up. Bobby left the room feeling as if he could conquer the whole world and nothing could stop him. At least that was until he saw a certain someone leaning casually against the wall right outside the door. Panic struck Bobby and he looked around but there was nowhere to run. Max had already seen him and was approaching quickly. He grabbed the elbow of the hipster. \"We need to talk,\" he said quietly and started dragging Bobby with him. The later tried to fight back the rising feeling of panic. He had known that this conversation was inevitable but he had wanted to be the one starting it. That way he would've been the one in control. As it was now, he felt extremely vulnerable. Nevertheless he followed Max into an empty study room. Once inside, Max locked the door, while Bobby sat down at a round table in the centre of the room and nervously started picking at a loose splinter of wood in the table top. Max stood quiet for a moment, watching the door he had just locked. His palms felt extremely sweaty and he knew that as soon he turned around all of this would be real, he and Bobby alone in this room, the kiss... For just one more second he wanted to watch that door and control this situation. Just one more... \"I'm sorry about... you know...\" Max turned around and faced the red-haired guy sitting at the table, whose sleepy eyes were now fixed on him. Bobby had taken off his sunglasses and Max could see how tired he looked. Goofy's son walked over and sat down opposite his friend or whatever he was at this moment. \"Why?\" he asked with a voice not as strong as he had hoped. Bobby looked down at the splinter again. \"'Cause it was stupid, on the edge of harassment and nothing you do to a friend,\" he answered. His voice was thick and Max had to swallow a few times to be sure his own voice would carry. \"It wasn't harassment, but if you had just talked to me instead of...\" \"Kissing you?\" Bobby glared at Max. \"I wanted to but I didn't know how. It's not like you can just 'Oh, by the way best friend, I have a crush on you is that cool?' I've been feeling this way for so long and I've been told even longer how wrong these feelings are. You know me, well kinda, but you know that I don't say things. I let it build up inside until, well this!\" He made a gesture to them both and the room, trying to capture the whole situation they were in. Max looked at Bobby with wide eyes. For the first time he saw a glimpse of the boy behind the jester's mask. \"How long?\" He finally asked. \"How long have you had, uhm, feelings for me, I mean,\" he added to clarify. Bobby gazed at the ceiling, looking like he tried to remember even though the answer was as clear as crystal to him. \"Since high school. You remember that day when I was called to Mazur's office?\" \"Bro, which one?\" Max asked and they both let out a relieved giggle. \"Well, you probably don't remember but it was just before I started to see the shrink. The first one I mean.\" \"The first?\" \"Uhm, yeah. Didn't tell you guys about that no,\" Bobby said and scratched his neck in embarrassment. \"About what? All you said was that the sessions were over and you felt better. Can you please start making sense?\" Max cried out in frustration. This talk had already proven to be more complicated than he had first thought. Bobby winced slightly at the sudden outburst. He then moved his gaze to the window and looked at the melting snow outside. \"It's so much...\" he said. And then he started telling. He told Max about everything. About his mother and sisters, about the \"other shrink\" and his father's reaction. And about the feelings he had felt for Max during all this time. Max sat quiet the whole time, not really being able to understand all that he heard. All these years neither he, nor PJ had known just how bad Bobby had been feeling. The truth was like a blow straight to the kidneys. \"I always knew my father was that 'real man, macho\"- type o' guy and that he wanted me to be as successful as my sisters. Just didn't know that he was a homophobic. Guess that part just gave him, you know, a reason to why I was different and kept screwing up. 'Cause I am different, always have been and always will be and... well I guess I'm trailing off now,\" Bobby finished with a sheepish smile and put on his glasses. Max sat there for a moment and tried to take in all he had heard. After a few seconds he opened his mouth. \"We need to tell PJ.\" \"I guess so,\" Bobby shrugged. Max looked at the redhead for a long moment. He then closed his eyes and inhaled sharply. He held the breath inside for a few seconds and when he finally let it go he thought \"fuck it\" to himself. \"If this,\" he made a gesture between them. \"...is what you want, then I say that we give it a try. I can't say that I love you but neither can I say that I don't have any feelings besides friendship for you. What do you...\" \"For real?!\" Bobby interrupted. \"Uhm, yeah. If you want to,\" Max said. He felt his cheeks grow hot and he was glad that the door was closed and locked. He looked as a grin was spreading on Bobby's lips. \"Of course I want to, even though it will be strange.\" \"It will,\" Max admitted. \"And I will have to talk to Roxanne I guess.\" \"Man, I'm sorry. You shouldn't need to do that. We can pretend that this never...\" \"Bobby stop it! Just stop it!\" Max suddenly reached out and grabbed Bobby's hand, taking the other guy completely off guard as a tingling sensation started to spread from his hand and throughout his body. \"Roxanne and I are not together or anything. We just, well, we spent some nights together during Christmas break. But we're not in a relationship and frankly I don't know if it ever could've been one either. But I need to talk to her. She deserves to know everything 'cause she is an amazing person and a good friend. But I really want to give us, you and me, a try 'cause you woke something in me that I have never felt, okay?\" Max was panting now and he was redder than ever from the emotional confession. Bobby looked at him through the shades, not really knowing how to respond. \"Okay,\" he finally said. /// Author's note Sorry for the cliffhanger guys! And sorry for being away so long. It's been a very hard time for me. My school is messing up and I have started seeing a psychologist. My creativity and motivation has been like, zero. Anyway. I'm just making excuses now :p I'm very glad to be back and I hope you liked this chapter. There are not so many left now. It almost broke my heart to write Bobby's and Max's talk :( Oh the things I do for art XD As I see it, Mocha does not go to the college. She works as a performer at the Bean Scene but she's not a student. But I like the idea of her dropping by every now and then to visit the boys, even though it's not really appreciated at most schools for people who do not go there to visit them. And I almost feel bad for letting Max tell Mocha about Bobby before he tells PJ. But don't worry, I will have a bro to bro- conversation- thingy later on :)[Chapter 10] Chapter 10. Always by your side \"So, let me get this straight: he... kissed you?\" PJ said with a raised eyebrow and looked at Max who nodded silently. He was cuddled up in his bed with his knees tight to his chest while hugging a pillow. His face was red and his eyes confused as he tried to avoid PJ's gaze. The big guy suddenly started smiling widely. \"Seriously?! Bobby just kissed you? Like that?\" \"Yes! Okay? Why are you acting so weird?\" Max burst out. This situation was already embarrassing enough without his best friend making such a big fuzz over what he had just been told. \"'Cause, well... I'm sorry, man, but it's just so cute!\" Max couldn't really believe his own ears. \"Cute?\" he asked in disbelief. \"Have you listened to anything I just said?\" PJ stopped smiling and sat down next to Max on the bed. \"Yes, sorry. I know you both seem to be having some kind of inner turmoil but I'm just impressed that Bobby finally dared to advance. He have more guts than I thought. And come on Maxie, you must admit that it is a little sweet? He had a crush on you since high school, he has been taking a lot of shit 'cause of that and now he finally came out to you 'cause, I guess, he feels safe here.\" PJ stopped his ranting and looked at Max who seemed deep in thoughts. \"I never thought of it that way,\" he finally said. \"So that's all you're thinking about this?\" \"Should I be thinking anything else?\" \"I dunno, maybe you should be freaked out 'cause we're friends and if this goes to hell it will be extremely awkward,\" Max said with a sigh. \"Why would it go to hell? Love like this is beautiful, no matter where you find it. Trust me, I know,\" PJ said and patted his friend's shoulder and Max couldn't help but to be amazed of how much his friend had changed to the better since he met Mocha. He was more open and confident in himself. \"But Roxanne...\" Max started but was interrupted by a headshake from PJ. \"You have to tell her, man. But frankly, you two were high school sweethearts, you had a thing together this winter, but somewhere you have to make a choice. And honestly I think you already have when you talked to Bobby this morning, don't you agree?\" Max Shrugged. \"I guess so,\" he said. \"I stand by you through thick and thin, bro. I just want my friends to be happy,\" PJ said with a smile and received a glance from Max that was wet from tears being held back. \"Besides,\" PJ added, \"I'm just glad that you two can finally stop acting so weird and include me again.\" His words where meant as a try to lighten the mood but instead of a giggle, Max responded with hiding his face in the pillow in his arms as sudden, quiet sobs rocked his body. \"I'm a terrible friend...\" he whispered into the fabric. PJ looked at him in surprise. \"What just happened?\" he asked with genuine confusion in his voice. \"I should've told you right away. I should've included you from the start. You're my best friend, I've dragged you with me to hell and back and you've always followed even though it got you in trouble. And then I do this!\" he broke down in new sobs as the tension that had been building up in him for over a week was released. \"It's okay, Max, I understand you. You were unsure, Bobby was, well, Bobby and it's all in the open now. I can't blame you for not telling me when you weren't ready,\" PJ comforted in a soft voice and suddenly pulled Max into a big, warm embrace. Max dropped the pillow and without a second thought he was clinging to PJ as if he was a lifeline and cried into his shoulder. It was this way Bobby found them when he walked into the room. He stopped in the doorway and made eye contact with PJ. \"He told you?\" he said silently and PJ nodded and said \"Everyting,\" which made Bobby close his eyes in understanding. All cards were on the table and the redhead felt both free and terrified at the same time. Max was finally calming down and he turned as he heard Bobby's voice behind him. With a smile he wiped his wet cheeks and let go of PJ. \"I'm okay,\" he said thickly and waved for Bobby to come inside. Said hipster did so and closed the door behind him and sat down on the floor before PJ and Max. The three men were quiet for a moment. \"There's just a few things we need to discuss and they circle around you, Bobby,\" PJ said after a while. The redhead looked up with a puzzled and nervous look on his face. \"First, I'm so sorry about your mother. I hope she will get well soon.\" To this Bobby only shrugged but Max saw a faint smile of thankfulness on his lips. \"Second, we will do whatever you want us to, to help you feel better. If you want help with studying, we'll be there. If you want us to join you when you're home, so you don't have to face your father alone, just give us a call.\" At the mentioning of his father, panic rose inside Bobby and he started to shake his head. \"It's not that bad, you don't have to...\" \"Bobby, we will be there if you want us to. I know how it is, I really do,\" PJ continued and for a second, something dark could be seen in his eyes. \"I know...\" Bobby mumbled and tried to sound neutral but a feeling of relief started to slowly spread through his veins and he relaxed. \"Was that all?\" he then asked. PJ opened his mouth but Max beat him to it. \"You need to stop taking drugs.\" To his and PJ's surprise Bobby just smirked at this. \"I've been clean for almost a week, bro,\" he said. \"Took my last hit when I was studying for the test.\" Max and PJ just stared at the redhead in front of them before they both could feel warm smiles spread across their faces. \"That's awesome! Congratulations and well done!\" PJ cheered. Bobby stood up and went over to Max who felt a warm lump in his throat as the redhead looked him deep in the eyes. \"The only thing I want to light up now, is you,\" Bobby said softly. There was a moment of silence. Max looked at Bobby, which in turn waited for a blushing, a kiss or any form of response. PJ looked at his two friends and was wondering if they had forgotten he was there. And then Max burst out laughing. \"Dude, that was the worst pick up line ever!\" he gasped after a while and for that, received a punch with a pillow from Bobby. PJ rolled his eyes. Something told him that if he and Mocha wasn't discrete with their intimacy, it would be nothing against Bobby's nature of not really caring what other's thought once he had been okay with it himself. Sharing room with these two would surely be interesting from now on. /// Author's note I'm sorry this is so short but frankly I couldn't stand to write next part after this beautiful scene. So I decided to make two different chapters. And suddenly it struck me how much experience PJ actually have when it comes to bad home situations, friendship and love. Compared to Max, he is often in the background but seeing it now, he is actually more mature than both Max and Bobby even outside this fanfic :O And finally I know how all this is going to end! ","Summary":" He slid forward in his chair, slipping easily against the finished wood, trying to get comfortable."},{"Movie":"A Goofy Movie","Title":"A Goofy Romance","Author":"princesspeach102","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12487164","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 Celebration The College graduates all over the university were celebrating graduation day with their friends, families and the special somebody in their lives. Maximillian Goof or Max as he prefers to be called was very proud of his father Goofy for graduating. After Goofy told Max that he got a job on the campus so they can be close at first Max was confused because he thought his dad was getting a job somewhere else. But he got over it and said to himself as he father drove off with his girlfriend Sylvia Marpole the College librarian, \"He is so goofy.\" Sylvia and Goofy decided to have a romantic date to celebrate Goofy graduating from College by having a picnic and taking a walk on the beach. Sylvia and Goofy set up the picnic area for where they wanted to have their romantic picnic for two. \"Oh Goofy this is so wonderful. I'm so proud of you for graduating College\" Sylvia said to Goofy and he replied, \"Thanks Sylvia that means a lot to me. I couldn't have done it without you. You helped me bring my grades up after I messed up on my midterms and I was really happy and relieved that you forgave me after I didn't call to tell you I wasn't coming to dinner that night after I did well in the X games.\" \"Well that's in the past and you and I can just enjoy the present and the future together. Now let's start eating. I can't wait to try one of your sandwiches you made\" Sylvia said as Goofy opened up the picnic basket and handed Sylvia a balcony sandwich. \"I must say Goofy you really know how to make a great balcony sandwich.\" \"Gawrsh Sylvia thanks\" replied Goofy while eating. After they finish their food Goofy and Sylvia took a romantic walk on the beach. They held hands as the happy couple walked along the shore line and looked at the sunset. \"This sunset is beautiful\" said Sylvia. \"Not as beautiful as you are\" stated Goofy as he wrapped his arms around Sylvia. As the happy couple smiled and looked into each other's eyes they started kissing. As Sylvia and Goofy were making out Goofy picked Sylvia up in arms without breaking their kiss as he carried her under a palm tree and sat down. The two of them were making out for a little while longer before they realize it was dark outside. \"Whoops I guess the two of us lost track of the time\" Sylvia said as she looked at her watch. \"That we have. Let's go\" replied Goofy as they got back into the car and drove home for the night. Author's Note: Hi everyone here is the 1st chapter of this fan fiction I like to call A Goofy Romance. It takes place after An Extremely Goofy Movie squeal to A Goofy Movie. As I continue to watch this story I plan on including some of the other characters from An Extremely Goofy movie and some other familiar Disney characters as well. I hope you all like what I wrote so far. Please stay tune for my next update. Peace out from Princesspeach102![Chapter 2] Chapter 2 An unexpected visitor from Goofy's past Goofy and Sylvia became closer after they shared a passionate kiss under the palm tree on the beach. Whenever they saw each other Sylvia couldn't help but jump into Goofy's arms which Goofy didn't mind. After being together for two years Goofy couldn't think of anyone he would want to be with other than Sylvia. One day while Sylvia was attending a meeting Goofy met up with Max for a father son lunch. He wanted to talk to Max about something important. \"Hey dad how are you?\" Max said as he greeted Goofy when they met up at the local diner. \"I'm fine Max I need to talk to you about something while we're having lunch\" Goofy told Max as they sat down and placed their order. \"Ok dad shoot what do you want to talk to me about?\" Max asked his father. \"Well Max as you know Sylvia and I have been together for a while now and just like you she means the world to me and I believe I want to take further. I haven't been this happy with a woman in a very long time and I was wondering….\" Goofy was saying when Max cut him off and said, \"I know what you want to say and I think you should follow your heart. If you really believe Ms. Marpole is the one then go for it. She is a real nice lady and I like her for you.\" \"Thanks Max that means a lot to me\" said Goofy before their lunch came. After they were done eating Max met up with his friends P.J. and Bobby to go to their next class. Max told his friends about what his dad was planning to do and they were happy for his dad. Later on that day Goofy was getting ready to pick up Sylvia from work to take her out for a romantic dinner. It was their anniversary and Goofy wanted tonight to be perfect because he wanted to ask Sylvia something. \"Oh Goofy you look handsome as always\" Sylvia told him when she saw her boyfriend. \"Thanks and you get more beautiful every time I look into your eyes\" replied Goofy making Sylvia blush. Goofy and Sylvia headed to the same restaurant where they had their first date after they first met at the College library. \"I remember this restaurant is where we had our first date. This is a great place to celebrate our anniversary and I got you a little something\" Sylvia told Goofy as she handed him a rare collectible from the 70's. \"Is this really a vintage peace sign necklace?! I've been looking for one of these forever thank you. I got you something too\" Goofy said as she gave Sylvia her gift. \"OMG this bracelet matches my mood ring. Thank you Goofy I love it!\" Sylvia told Goofy. \"I'm glad you like it. I thought it would be perfect. Also there is something I want to say to you\" Goofy told Sylvia as he held the hand of the woman he loves dearly. \"What do you want to say?\" Sylvia asked. \"Before I met you for a long time I've always believe there was something missing in my life. Sure I've always had my friends and my family especially my son Maxie but after I lost my wife when my son was just a baby I thought finding true love was never going to happen to me again but I was proven wrong when I first met you. I love you Sylvia from the bottom of my heart\" said Goofy. \"I love you too Goofy. You make me so happy and every time I see you my heart sings with joy\" stated Sylvia. \"I'm glad to hear you say that because there is something else I want to say\" Goofy told his girlfriend and before Goofy could say what he wanted to say there was a crowd of people at the entrance of the restaurant because a famous person entered and wanted to have a nice dinner. \"I wonder who is the famous person coming in?\" Goofy and Sylvia both wondered when all of a sudden Goofy recognize the woman. \"Sylvia I think we should go right now\" Goofy nervously said as he and Sylvia tried to leave without being noticed. However that plan failed because the woman saw Goofy and called out to him, \"Goofy is that really you?!\" said the woman who spotted him. \"Goofy who is this woman and how does she know you?\" Sylvia questioned. \"Um Sylvia this is Clarabelle Cow. She is an old friend\" replied Goofy. \"Old friend my hoof. Goofy and I were once a couple. Goofy just too shy to admit it and it's understandable. I'm guessing you're his new lady friend\" Clarabelle said to Sylvia. At first Sylvia was shocked that Clarabelle and Goofy used to date and then she realized where she heard that name from. \"Wait Clarabelle Cow as in the gossip reporter from Word on The Street?\" Sylvia asked. \"That's right the one and only\" answered Clarabelle as she felt flattered that Sylvia recognize her from her show. \"Wow Clarabelle it's….. nice to see that you're doing well. Sylvia and I have to be going now. See you around. Come on Sylvia we need to go\" Goofy exclaimed as he took Sylvia by the hand and left the restaurant. The drive home was quiet and Sylvia was really concerned about her boyfriend. \"Goofy talk to me. Is what Clarabelle said true? Did you two used to be boyfriend and girlfriend? It's ok if you dated someone before we met\" said Sylvia who was very concern that Goofy hadn't said anything for a while. When Goofy finally spoke he said, \"Clarabelle and I were once in a relationship but she broke my heart. After that I've done my best to move on with my life and forget about what happened.\" \"I'm sorry to hear how broken hearted you were after Clarabelle broke up with you. If you ever want to talk I'm here for you. Remember Goofy I love you and I'm here for you\" said Sylvia before she gave Goofy a kiss on the cheek. \"Thanks Sylvia that means a lot and I love you too\" Goofy told her before he went home for the night. Author's Note: Since I decided that I wanted to add Clarabelle Cow to be part of my story I chose to make her a gossip reporter. I got the idea from the show House of Mouse where Clarabelle was always telling everyone gossip and she always said word on the street before sharing what kind of gossip she heard. In my fan fiction I thought Clarabelle should have her own show called Word on the Street. I bet you're wondering what is going to happen next? Well you're going to have to wait until my next update. Peace out from Princesspeach102![Chapter 3] Chapter 3 Sylvia learns about the break up A few short days went by and Sylvia was still concern for her boyfriend Goofy. She had no idea that Goofy used to be a relationship with the famous gossip reporter. One morning Sylvia invited Goofy over for a nice brunch at her place to try to cheer up Goofy and maybe find out what happened. \"Good morning Sylvia these are for you\" Goofy said as he gave her flowers. \"Thank you Goofy they're beautiful\" said Sylvia as she put the flowers in water. \"For brunch I made your favorite. I know you weren't happy to see your ex-girlfriend Clarabelle so I wanted to cheer you up.\" \"Thank you Sylvia it was really sweet of you\" replied Goofy as he and Sylvia started eating. \"Goofy I know it's a sore subject for you but what happened between you and Clarabelle and how come you never told me about her?\" Sylvia asked. Goofy knew he couldn't keep it a secret forever about his past relationship with Clarabelle so he decided to tell Sylvia the truth. \"The reason why I never mentioned Clarabelle because our break up didn't go well. Clarabelle and my late wife were best friends. When I lost my wife it broke Clarabelle's heart as much as my own. We even became really good friends but one day Clarabelle and I realized that we started to have feeling for each other romantically after all the time we hung out. We told each other our true feelings and became a couple. While we were together Clarabelle was in school to become a reporter and I was real proud of her because it was her dream. After Clarabelle graduated she landed a job as a reporter for the local news. As time went on Clarabelle wanted to be more than a reporter for the local news. She wanted to be one of those gossip reporters like the ones in New York or California that does reports about them famous people and mentions anything embarrassing about them. I did love Clarabelle so much that one night I wanted to ask her to marry me on the same night she wanted to tell me some good news. Clarabelle told me she finally got her dream job and I was happy for her. She even said yes when I asked for her hand. As time went on Clarabelle became really into her job and sometimes I didn't see her a period of time. One night we had an argument about not seeing each other much and the fact that she told me that she was getting her own gossip show in Los Angeles. That was also the night Clarabelle broke up with me because she believed we were drifting apart and that I didn't support her when she finally got her dream job. Clarabelle gave back the ring and moved away. After that I did my best to move on with my life despite my broken heart.\" After hearing Goofy's story about him and Clarabelle she felt bad about pestering Goofy to tell her about his past relationship with Clarabelle. \"I'm sorry that happened to you Goofy and I'm also sorry if I made you uncomfortable by having you tell me your story\" Sylvia told Goofy and he replied, \"No it's ok. I'm glad I told you. I was just afraid I might lose you if you knew.\" \"Oh my sweet Goofy I love you too much so I doubt you'll ever lose me\" Sylvia told him as she kissed his cheek. \"Wow let's finish brunch and enjoy the rest of the day together\" said Goofy as he and Sylvia ate their food. The happy couple enjoyed a walk in the park and catching a movie. After his time with Sylvia Goofy went home with a smile on his face and in his heart knowing that Sylvia knew the truth. Later on that day Goofy remembered that there was still something he wanted to tell Sylvia that he didn't get the chance to the other night after what happened. Before he could call Sylvia Goofy heard a knock on the front door. \"I wonder who could it be?\" Goofy thought to himself as he went to answer it. \"Clarabelle what are you doing here?\" Goofy questioned. \"I wanted to come by and say that I'm sorry for spoiling your date with that girl you were with. I had no intention of doing that. I didn't even think I would see you there. It's nice that you were able to move on after what happened between us and to be honest I blame myself. If only I tried to be a better girlfriend/fiancé to you then maybe thing would be different\" said Clarabelle. \"It was a long time ago and we all learn from our mistakes. The best thing to do is try not to let it happen again especially when it comes to being happy with somebody special\" Goofy pointed out. \"Thanks Goofy I needed to hear that so I was hoping that maybe we can try being good friends again. I miss our friendship very much\" requested Clarabelle. \"Sure why not. We were friends before we became a couple so let's be friends again\" Goofy replied as he and Clarabelle shook hands. \"Wonderful and one of these days you, me and your girlfriend should hang out whenever we're not busy since I'm going to be in town for a while\" suggested Clarabelle. \"That sounds like fun. I'll ask Sylvia if she is up for it\" Goofy told Clarabelle before she left.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 Goofy and Sylvia's outing with Clarabelle The next day Goofy called Sylvia and told her about Clarabelle's visit. \"Are you serious Goofy she actually apologize to you for what happened between you two?\" Sylvia asked. \"That's right. Clarabelle also feels bad about interrupting our date the other night and wants to make it up to us\" Goofy answered. \"She wants the three of us to go on an outing with her because Clarabelle wants me and her to be friends again and maybe she wants to be your friend too.\" \"I don't know if that's such a good idea Goofy. She is your ex after all and I hate the fact that Clarabelle loved her job more than you which was the cause of your break up\" Sylvia pointed out. \"Everybody deserves another chance and that includes Clarabelle. Give her that chance for me?\" Goofy requested. \"For you my sweet Goofy anything\" said Sylvia. \"Thanks you're the best. I'll let Clarabelle know you're on board\" stated Goofy before he hung up. After Sylvia put the phone down she started to have a lot of serious doubts about Goofy's ex and her intentions. However she was going to go along with it for now. Goofy called Clarabelle and told her Sylvia was on board for a fun outing. \"That's wonderful news. Let's meet up later and as the kids say hangout\" said Clarabelle. \"Sounds like a groovy plan\" replied Goofy. Later on that day Goofy picked up Sylvia and they met up with Clarabelle. \"Wonderful the both of you made it\" Clarabelle said as she greeted them both. \"Let's enjoy a nice walk through this beautiful park together.\" As the three of them were walking through the park Sylvia couldn't help but noticed the way Clarabelle was looking at Goofy and she didn't like it one bit. \"So Sylvia tell me how did you and Goofy meet?\" Clarabelle asked out of the blue. \"I met Goofy at my job. You see I'm a librarian at University where Goofy attended. He graduated two years ago which is also how long we've been together. His son Max brought him over to my desk to apply for a library card and the two of us realized how much we have in common such as our love of 70's memorabilia. We even went dancing for our first date and that night we felt a connection\" Sylvia told Clarabelle. \"Aww that's nice\" said Clarabelle. \"So Goofy how is Max?\" \"My son is doing just fine. Here is a picture of him\" answered Goofy as he pulled out his wallet with a picture of himself and Max from Goofy's graduation day. \"I can't believe how much your son has grown. He has become such a handsome man just like his father\" winked Clarabelle. \"Aww Clarabelle you're making me blush\" chuckled Goofy. As Goofy and Clarabelle talked for a bit Sylvia didn't like the way Clarabelle was looking at Goofy with what she come to believe was a feeling of lust for Goofy. \"Clarabelle how long are you in town for?\" asked Sylvia. \"I'll be in town for three weeks because I'm thinking about taking a job here as field reporter. If I do get it I'll move back to town\" answered Clarabelle. \"What about your show Word on the Street? I thought it was your dream job\" Goofy stated. \"It was and I admit being a gossip reporter was fun and all but a lot of the time my reports have gotten me into some trouble with certain celebrities that made a lot of complaints. Also let's just say I made some bad choices that I regret to this day\" stated Clarabelle. \"Well Clarabelle we all learn our mistakes and the best thing to do is to move forward with our lives and try not to make the same mistakes again\" Goofy pointed out making Clarabelle smile and she replied, \"I couldn't agree with you more.\" \"Well this has been….nice but Goofy and I have to be going. I need to take care of some things and I need Goofy's help. Please excuse us Clarabelle\" exclaimed Sylvia as she took Goofy by the hand and left. \"Well it was nice meeting you Sylvia\" Clarabelle said as Sylvia and Goofy left the park together. As soon as Goofy and Sylvia were out of Clarabelle's sight Goofy asked, \"Why the rush Sylvia? Is what you need my help with really that urgent?\" \"Actually Goofy I don't have anything to do that I need your help with at all. I just made that up because I wanted to talk to you alone about your ex fiancé. I don't like the way she was looking at you. I highly believe Clarabelle still has feelings for you and wants you back even though we're together. She may be up to something\" Sylvia said. It took Goofy a moment to process what Sylvia just said, took Sylvia by her hand and said, \"You're the only woman that I want. Any romantic feelings I ever had for Clarabelle are in the past. I love only you and I hope that you trust me.\" After Goofy said that Sylvia kissed him which made Goofy happy as he kissed her back. Unknowing to the couple Clarabelle was watching them from behind a tree and staring at them with jealously in her heart because she wanted something that Sylvia has or someone. Author's Note: Oh man looks like Clarabelle may be up to something and Sylvia knows it unlike Goofy. What do you think Clarabelle is planning to do? I would love to hear some ideas that you my fans have. Who knows maybe your ideas will make me write something interesting for this story. Please stay tune for my next update. Peace out from Princesspeach102![Chapter 5] Chapter 5 A shocking surprise for Goofy A short time had passed since Goofy, Sylvia and Clarabelle had their outing. Goofy really believed that Clarabelle was sorry for their break up and wanted to be good friends not just with him but with Sylvia as well. However Sylvia was still very suspicious of Clarabelle. She didn't trust the gossip cow reporter as far as she could throw her. But at the same time Sylvia trusted Goofy's judgement and loved how her boyfriend had a big heart. As each day passed Goofy and Sylvia fell more in love with each other than ever before. As for Clarabelle she had come to realize that she was still very much in love with Goofy and regretted choosing her career over the man she wanted to marry all those years ago. One night Clarabelle was in her room at the hotel she was staying at thinking about Goofy as she remembered the day she ended things with her ex fiancé. Flashback \"Goofy I have wonderful news!\" Clarabelle said. \"What is your wonderful news my darling bride to be?\" Goofy questioned. \"I got a call from the producers I interviewed with and I've been offered my dream job. I'm going to be a gossip reporter!\" Clarabelle answered excitedly. \"That's wonderful Clarabelle that you got your dream job in town. Hopefully we can finally start planning our wedding unless you want to elope?\" said Goofy. \"Actually Goofy there is something I need to tell you. The job is in Los Angeles and I'm going to take it. This job is what I wanted for so long. I'm going to get my own show and they said I can name it whatever I want. I plan on calling it Word on the Street\" Clarabelle told Goofy which shocked him and he asked, \"You're moving away? We're engaged and we're supposed to planning our wedding. What about us?\" \"I haven't forgotten about us. I want you to come with me. Think about it you, me and Max can start a whole new life out of this little town of Spoonerville Ohio. Once my new show becomes popular we can get married and be a happy family\" stated Clarabelle. Goofy thought about what Clarabelle said for a moment and told her, \"Clarabelle I love you but this town is our home. We both lived here all of our lives, all of our friends and family are here. Plus Maxie just started middle school. I can't just transfer him to another school at the beginning of the school year. Wouldn't be nice to I don't know take that other job offer you were given to be the top reporter for Spoonerville News? They really liked you a lot.\" Clarabelle became mad at what Goofy said and told him, \"I don't want to be some small town reporter. My dream has always been to a big time reporter in the big City. I promise myself that I wouldn't allow anything to get in my way of my dreams.\" \"Am I in the way of your dreams? Because from what you just said I feel like I'm just an obstacle that you want out of your way\" said Goofy. \"Goofy you're not an obstacle. I love you and I really want to marry you but this is my dream we're talking about and if you can't understand that then it's over between us\" Clarabelle said with tears in her eyes as she gave back the ring and walked away from the man she was going to marry. End of Flashback Large tears rolled down Clarabelle's face as she replayed that day over and over again in her head. She thought Goofy would still be single and wanted to make things right with him. But when she found out that Goofy got a new girlfriend it made her upset and very jealous. Then Clarabelle decided she wanted to do something about it and started to come up with a plan. On a lovely sunny afternoon Sylvia met up with Goofy to have lunch together since they both had the same lunch breaks from work. \"Goofy you have a bit of mustard on your face\" Sylvia pointed out\" \"Where?\" Goofy asked. \"Right here\" answered Sylvia as she dabbed a little bit of mustard on Goofy's nose making him chuckle. \"Very funny come here\" Goofy said as he pulled Sylvia in for a great big hug. \"I'll see you later Goofy\" Sylvia said to Goofy as their lunch break was just about over and they both had to get back to work. While Goofy was finishing up some paperwork the campus mail carrier came by with an envelope and said, \"I got a letter here for a Mr. George G. Goof.\" \"That's me but call me Goofy. Most people do\" Goofy said to the mail carrier as he received the envelope. Goofy opened the envelope and read the letter to himself, \"To Goofy, I know we didn't work out but I'm so glad that you and I are friends again. To celebrate our renewed friendship I would like to invite you to this delightful outdoor café near the hotel where I'm staying at. The address is in this letter. I look forward to seeing you that way we can chat. From your friend, Clarabelle.\" \"Aww that's so nice of Clarabelle to invite me to this café\" Goofy said to himself as he texted Clarabelle saying that he got her letter and was accepting her invitation to join her at the café. Goofy left the letter on his desk and went to meet up with Clarabelle. \"Hi Goofy I'm so glad that you were able to come. Please sit down\" Clarabelle greeted Goofy as she offered him a chair. \"Now Clarabelle it wouldn't be gentlemen like of me if I didn't pull up a chair for you that way you can sit down first\" Goofy stated as he pulled out a chair for Clarabelle that way she could sit down first. \"Thank you Goofy and to this day you're still the gentlemen I've known from way back when. You'll enjoy the pastries and other delightful things they have here\" Clarabelle pointed out as the two of them placed their orders. A few minutes later Clarabelle and Goofy's orders came which was finger sandwiches and sparkling apple juice. While the two of them were eating Clarabelle kept thinking about what she was going to say and also looking at a certain direction. \"Goofy can I ask you something?\" asked Clarabelle. \"Of course we're friends what do you want to ask me?\" replied Goofy. \"For a long time I've made choices that weren't the best and I was wondering do you believe in second chances?\" Clarabelle asked. \"Sure I do. I gave you a 2nd for us to become friends again and I remember one time during my year in College that I forgot to call Sylvia that I wasn't going to make it for one of our dinner dates after I lost my focus resulting in Max and I drifting apart and flunking my midterms. I felt like giving up but then I realize giving up wasn't the right way to go so I apologize to Sylvia and Max and I made up as well. I regain my focus and I was able to reach for my goals\" Goofy said to Clarabelle. \"That's great but do you also believe in 2nd chances at love?\" Clarabelle questioned. \"I know you're trying to say Clarabelle and I couldn't be happier\" Goofy answered. \"You do?! Oh Goofy I'm so happy to hear you say that\" Clarabelle happily said. \"Thanks and I knew it would happen for you. So who's the lucky man?\" Goofy asked thinking that Clarabelle has finally found love. \"Excuse me? What lucky man?\" Clarabelle asked. \"The lucky man that has won your heart of course\" replied Goofy. Clarabelle couldn't believe how oblivious Goofy was, reached across the table and kissed Goofy on the lips. Goofy couldn't believe that Clarabelle just kissed him like that. Also for a moment there was a quick flash of light that got in Goofy's eyes but was unsure where it came from. \"What are you doing?!\" Goofy questioned as he quickly broke the kiss and looked at Clarabelle with a shock expression. \"I still love you Goofy and I regret breaking up with you. I should have taken that other job and married you years ago. I never stopped thinking about you while I was in California. I want a 2nd chance with you\" Clarabelle flat out told him. \"Absolutely NOT! You broke up with me and that really hurt. I've move with my life and I'm in love with Sylvia. She is my girlfriend now and I want to take things to the next level with her. I'm sorry Clarabelle but I'm never getting back together with you ever. You need to move on with your life which apparently after all of these years you haven't and you're the one that broke up with me!\" Goofy told Clarabelle who he was really mad at before he walked away. Clarabelle wasn't too happy that Goofy turned her down flat. \"I can't believe Goofy would choose that Sylvia woman over me. What does she have that I don't besides Goofy obviously?\" Clarabelle asked herself. She also thought about what Goofy said about taking things to the next level with Sylvia and knew what he meant. All of a sudden a man came up to Clarabelle and she knew who he was as she asked him, \"Did you get it?\" \"Yeah I got it and it's a good one too\" answer the man as he handed something to Clarabelle. \"I believe I can use this for things to go my way\" stated Clarabelle as she headed back to her hotel room to complete the next part of her plan. Author's Note: I bet a lot of you weren't expecting that or were you? The idea just came to me. So much drama in this chapter and there is more to come. What do you think will happen next? Stay tune and find out. Peace out from Princesspeach102![Chapter 6] Chapter 6 Sylvia finds out For the next couple of days after Goofy not only was kissed by Clarabelle but learned that his ex-fiancé still loved him he was confused and had no idea of how to tell Sylvia. \"What am I going to do? Clarabelle still loves me but I don't love her and I didn't like it when she kissed me out of nowhere. I haven't told Sylvia about what happened and if she finds out through who knows what way I'm in big trouble and I could lose the love of my life!\" Goofy panicked to himself. All of a sudden Goofy got a text message that made him jump from his chair in fright but calmed down when he realized it was just his phone. \"Oh it's a message from Sylvia. I wonder what it said?\" Goofy asked himself as he read Sylvia's message, \"Hi sweetie want to have dinner at my place tonight? I'm making your favorite!\" Goofy smiled at Sylvia's text and replied that he would be joining her tonight. \"Tonight I'm going to tell Sylvia the truth. I hate myself for keeping this secret from her especially since I haven't asked her that one important question and I want to do it tonight!\" Goofy declared as he decided it was time to be brave. With that said Goofy was able to continue his work. While Goofy was working Sylvia was stocking some books on the shelf when the mail carrier came by and dropped off Sylvia's mail in her office mailbox. \"I wonder what I got in the mail today\" Sylvia thought to herself as sorted through her mail. All of a sudden Sylvia found a large envelope with her name on it but no return address. \"I wonder who this is from?\" Sylvia asked herself as she opened the envelope. As soon as Sylvia pulled out what was inside she gasped in horror at what she saw and couldn't believe it. \"It can't be!\" Sylvia said to herself as she looked at a photo of Goofy and Clarabelle kissing in a Café. Then Sylvia got up from her desk and tears started coming down from her face. \"I have to confront Goofy about this!\" Since Sylvia was done for the day putting books back on the shelves and making sure everything else in the library was in order she went straight home and waited for Goofy to come over. \"Ok I can do this. I'm going to tell Sylvia everything and let her know Clarabelle means nothing to me anymore. Hopefully she'll understand and I can finally ask her that important question that I've been wanting to ask her for a while\" Goofy told himself as he held a bouquet of flowers and a small item in his pocket. When Goofy arrived at Sylvia's house he was surprised that all of the lights were turned off through her window. Goofy rang her doorbell and was surprised the door was already opened when he turned the knob. \"Sylvia it's me Goofy. Your door was left open which isn't safe. Where are you?\" Goofy called out when all of a sudden the lights turned on and Sylvia appeared. \"Sylvia what's wrong? And why were all of the lights turned off and the door opened?\" Goofy asked his girlfriend who still had tears running down her face since she left work. Goofy tried to approach Sylvia when she pulled out the photo she got in the mail of Goofy and Clarabelle kissing in the Café. When Goofy saw the photo he stopped in his tracks and had a shocked expression on his face. \"Where did you get this?\" Goofy asked. \"It came in the mail today at work. I can't believe you kissed HER!\" screamed Sylvia. \"It's not what you think please let me explain. The other day I got a letter from Clarabelle inviting me to this café near the hotel she is staying at because I thought Clarabelle wanted to celebrate becoming friends again. I find out that she is still in love with me and wants to get back together despite the fact that I'm in love with and I don't want her back ever. She even kissed me out of nowhere and I stopped her. This happened a few days ago but I was so scared to tell you because of how you would react. I'm so sorry I should have told you days ago and it was wrong to keep this from you\" Goofy told Sylvia as he pleaded for her forgiveness. \"Besides how would I react why didn't you tell me days ago about what happened?\" Sylvia questioned. \"Because I'm afraid to lose you. I love you so much that there has been something I've been wanting to ask you for a while now\" Goofy said and before he could speak any further Sylvia stopped him and said, \"I need time to think about us. Go home NOW!\" Goofy was shocked at what Sylvia said but did as she wished with a heavy heart and a sad look on his face as he was about to cry. After Goofy left Sylvia was crying even more while trying to figure out things in her head. Before Goofy arrived home he was crying himself because he kept thinking that Sylvia was going to break up with him and he didn't want that to happen. As soon as Goofy approached his house Clarabelle was waiting for him in his front yard. \"Clarabelle what are you doing here?\" asked Goofy. \"I came to apologize for the other day. It was wrong of me to kiss you and to tell you that I still love you even though you moved on with your life. But why are you crying? What's wrong?\" Clarabelle said as she noticed tears on Goofy's face. Goofy told Clarabelle what happened including the photo of the two of them kissing. \"Are you serious? That's awful! Let's go inside and I'll make you some tea\" Clarabelle offered. Goofy gave Clarabelle a little sad smile as he opened the door and went inside first. Unknowing to Goofy Clarabelle was smiling because she believed things were about to go her way. Author's Note: OMG Sylvia knows about the kiss between Clarabelle and Goofy. I bet most of you figured out who sent the photo to Sylvia. NO SPOILERS PLEASE IN THE COMMENTS! I wonder how things will go down as the story continues? Well I'm the author so I know but I'm not going to tell you ;-P You'll all have to wait until my next update. Peace out from Princesspeach102![Chapter 7] Chapter 7 The truth is revealed After Goofy and Clarabelle went inside the house Clarabelle went into the kitchen. \"You just wait on the couch I'm going to make you a nice cup of tea\" Clarabelle told Goofy and he replied, \"Thank you that's very nice of you to do that for me.\" \"What are friends for?\" stated Clarabelle as she made tea for the both of them. When she was done Clarabelle brought out the two cups of tea to the living room and placed them on the coffee table. \"I can't believe somebody would take a picture of us in my stupidest moment and send it to your current girlfriend. That is fucking messed up. Please excuse my French. It really just pisses me off!\" Clarabelle said to Goofy as she gave him a tissue to wipe his tears away and blow his nose. \"What am I going to do Clarabelle? I love Sylvia so much and now I'm going to lose her forever. I was going to give her this tonight\" Goofy cried as he showed Clarabelle who was shocked herself on how beautiful it was and knew Goofy meant business. \"There there Goofy it's going to be ok. If things don't work out between you and Sylvia you'll always have me as a friend to come to and if you need anything I have your back\" said Clarabelle as she opened up her arms and gave him a big hug which he returned. While Clarabelle was literally being Goofy's shoulder to cry on she felt a bit guilty about what happened but she wasn't about to back out. Meanwhile back at Sylvia's house Sylvia was crying her eyes out herself because she was really upset about the situation. \"I can't believe Goofy and that bitch kissed. I bet he wants to get back together with her because they still love each other\" Sylvia thought to herself as she dragged herself into her bedroom, laid down and cried herself to sleep. The next few days the University was close because it was Spring Break. Max had heard from his father about what happened and felt bad for him. \"Dad I'm so sorry to hear that. Are you going to be ok? Maybe I shouldn't go on vacation with my friends\" Said Max as he offered to cancel his trip. \"No Maxie go on vacation with PJ and Bobby. This is your last spring break before the three of you graduate at the end of the semester which I couldn't be prouder. Have fun in Miami for me\" said Goofy as he wanted Max not to worry about him. \"If you say so dad. Good luck on trying to fix things between you and Sylvia\" said Max before he left to meet up with PJ and Bobby. After Max left Goofy sat in his backyard and he still had no clue on how to save his relationship with Sylvia. Ever since that night Sylvia refuse to answer any of Goofy's calls, text messages and emails. She spent a lot of time at home because she was too upset to do anything else. One day while Sylvia was cleaning up her living room she heard a knock on her door. \"I hope that isn't Goofy at the door. I don't want to see him\" Sylvia thought to herself when she went to answer the door. As soon as Sylvia opened the door there was nobody at the door. \"Seriously somebody wanted to play ding dong ditch?!\" said Sylvia and before she closed the door Sylvia saw a brown package on her doorstep and hoped that it wasn't filled with dog poop or something gross. \"I wonder what's inside this package?\" questioned Sylvia as she opened it and discovered a video tape. Sylvia wondered who left a video tape at her house because once again there was no name or address other than hers. Sylvia put the video in her VCR and began to watch it. What Sylvia saw in the video was incredibly shocking. \"That explains so much. I have to find Goofy and tell him\" Sylvia exclaimed as she took the video out of her VCR, got into her car and drove to Goofy's house. While Sylvia was on her way Clarabelle came to visit Goofy as she wanted to continue to comfort and win him over. \"Here you go Goofy a comfy pillow and some snacks I made just for you\" said Clarabelle. \"Thanks Clarabelle\" Goofy said in a really sad voice because one again Goofy tried calling Sylvia but refuses to answer. \"I just I'm going to have to accept the fact that Sylvia and I are over and she wants nothing to do with me.\" Goofy started crying again after saying that and once again Clarabelle was there with a box of tissues and a hug. \"I know this is hard for you to accept it but it does look like you and Sylvia are over. I think it's time for you to move on with your life and I know you prefer if we stood friends but I still feel like there is a spark between us. I got that job I told you about a while ago but I haven't told the station if I'm going to take the job or not. If I do I'll move back to town and maybe you and I can pick up where we left off. It's something for you to think about and you can give me your answer when you have some time to think about it\" Clarabelle told Goofy and for a moment he thought about what Clarabelle just said and before he could say anything Goofy and Clarabelle heard a loud banging on the door. \"Who in the world is that?\" Goofy wondered as he had no idea who was at his door since he wasn't facing the door. Clarabelle had no idea either until Sylvia showed herself at Goofy's window. Goofy turned around and saw that it was Sylvia outside. \"What is she doing here?!\" Clarabelle asked. Goofy went to answer the door and as soon as he opened the door Sylvia ran up to Clarabelle and punched her in the face. \"YOU BITCH WHAT DID YOU DO THAT FOR?!\" Screamed Clarabelle as she was about to punch Sylvia back. Goofy held Clarabelle back before she could lay a hand on Sylvia. \"I don't know what is going on but punching each other isn't going to help. Sylvia why did you hit Clarabelle?\" Goofy questioned as he was shocked at what Sylvia did. \"Clarabelle hired somebody to take that picture of you two kissing and I got this video tape dropped off at my house showing what happen even after the kiss\" answered Sylvia as she showed Goofy and Clarabelle the tape in her hands and popped it into Goofy's VCR. Clarabelle became whiter than a ghost while the video was playing of everything that happened the day she kissed Goofy including the person Clarabelle spoke with that handed her the envelope containing the picture Sylvia got in the mail at work of her kissing Goofy. \"Clarabelle how could you? You actually planned this all along? Why would you do such an awful thing?\" Goofy asked as he became very angry with Clarabelle. \"You want to know why? Fine I'll tell you. To this day I still regret breaking up with you all those years ago. When I got to Los Angeles I never felt more alone in my life. Sure I had my job and I made a lot of money but breaking up with you was one of the worst mistakes I've ever made. I thought that you would still be single and I wanted you back for so long but when I found out that you hooked up with this boring little book worm I was upset and I was determined to win you back. That was when I decided to put my plan into action\" replied Clarabelle which didn't make the situation any better. \"HOW DARE YOU INTERFER WITH MY LIFE! AND DON'T YOU DARE INSULT THE WOMAN I LOVE! IT'S OVER BETWEEN US CLARABELLE GET USED TO IT!\" Goofy screamed freighting Clarabelle. \"I think it would be for the best that you leave right now and never bother us again\" stated Sylvia. \"Fine I'll leave. You two can have each other for all I care\" Clarabelle replied angrily and as Clarabelle she was surprised to see a familiar face and it was her camera man Horace Horsecollar. \"Horace what are you doing here?\" questioned Clarabelle. \"I came to get you because I'm the one who send the video to Ms. Marpole here. What you did was wrong by trying to break up this couple and hiring that photography major from the University to take that picture. That's why I decided to put an end to your plan. Plus Goofy is an old friend of mine from when we were in High School and coincidently I was shooting a video of local cafes for a commercial when I spotted you\" answered Horace as he also said his hello's to Goofy. Clarabelle didn't know what else to do so she left without saying a word. \"Horace you saved my relationship. Thank you so much and it's good to see you again\" said Goofy. \"It's good to see you too and you're very welcome. I found out who that person who took that picture and he told me everything because I saw the whole thing\" said Horace as he wished Goofy and Sylvia good luck on mending their relationship and left to take care of things. \"Oh Sylvia I'm so sorry….\" Goofy began to say when Sylvia cut him off and started kissing him. \"I'm sorry too Goofy. I know you would never do anything on purpose to hurt me. I just wish I realized sooner that evil cow was up to no good. I know that you trusted her and didn't want to believe that she could do something this awful\" stated Sylvia. Goofy hugged Sylvia with all of his might promising he was never going to let her go ever again. \"Goofy that's sweet but you're going to have to let me go because I need air!\" Sylvia pointed out as Goofy was holding on to her too tight. \"Sorry about that\" said Goofy as he let Sylvia go so she could breathe. Sylvia smiled and told Goofy it was ok as the reunited couple sat down on the couch together and started making out. Author's Note: Wow this chapter was so violent and it had curses in it. That is why I rated this story T for teens. I bet most of you weren't expecting all of this to happen now were you? But if you were thanks for not spoiling it for anyone who had no clue what was going to happen in this chapter. This story isn't over yet and I plan on updating soon. Peace out from Princesspeach102![Chapter 8] Chapter 8 Goofy finally askes Sylvia As Goofy and Sylvia continued to make out Goofy wanted to put his hand up Sylvia's shirt and feel her chest but he also didn't want to upset his girlfriend. Sylvia must of read Goofy's mind and guided Goofy's hand to where he wanted his hand to go. Goofy was both surprised and pleased as Sylvia became very turned on. Sylvia wanted to touch Goofy as well which she did as she put her hands up Goofy's shirt and touched him lightly. \"hahaha Sylvia what you hehehe doing? That tickles!\" giggled Goofy. \"Sorry Goofy I forgot how ticklish you are. I just like touching you as much you really like touching me\" replied Sylvia. \"That's ok I haven't laughed or smiled in days after what happened. I hate myself for not telling you what happened. Can you ever forgive me?\" Goofy asked. \"Of course I forgive you my sweet Goofy I love you\" declared Sylvia. \"I love you too Sylvia. You're one of the best things that has ever happened to me\" replied Goofy making Sylvia very happy to hear. \"You know we never got to have dinner on the night I confronted you when Clarabelle was trying to break us up. I was going to make your favorite. If you want I can make you something special here\" offered Sylvia. \"Thank you but let me take care of the cooking. You always make me amazing dinners. Let me do it for you\" Goofy told her. Sylvia took Goofy's offer for him to make dinner as she sat on the couch and waited for Goofy to finish cooking. \"Do you need any help?\" asked Sylvia. \"No I got it. I'm making something extra special for you\" answered Goofy as he added something special because Goofy wanted to do the thing he has been wanting to do for a long time. \"Dinner is serve my love\" Goofy stated as he took Sylvia by the hand and lead her to the dinner table. \"For dinner I've made your favorite Spaghetti and Meatballs.\" \"Goofy this amazing!\" Sylvia pointed out as she and Goofy were eating. \"I'm glad you like it and I hope you'll save room for dessert because I have cake\" said Goofy as he handed Sylvia her slice of cake which was chocolate. \"You remember how much I enjoy chocolate cake\" smiled Sylvia. \"There is something in the cake that you make like very much\" said Goofy. Sylvia wondered what he was talking about when all of a sudden Sylvia noticed a ring in the cake and the diamond on the ring was shaped like a tiny little disco ball. \"Goofy is this what I think it is?\" Sylvia questioned as she started crying happily. Goofy got down on one knee and said, \"Yes it is Sylvia. I love you with all my heart. I've been trying to ask you for a long time but things either got in the way and there were times where I got too nervous because I wasn't sure of your answer but I know I must be brave and ask you Sylvia Marpole will you do me the honor of becoming my wife?\" \"Yes Goofy I will marry you\" Sylvia answered as she started crying more happy tears while Goofy placed the ring on her finger. \"I can't stop crying. I'm so happy and this ring is beautiful and very unique.\" Goofy was crying happy tears as well and was happy that he finally asked Sylvia for her hand in marriage.[Chapter 9] Chapter 9 Goofy and Sylvia plan the wedding Goofy was so happy that Sylvia said yes and they couldn't wait to tell everyone they knew. When Max and his friends came back from spring break he met up with his father and Goofy told him what happened leading up to the proposal. \"I can't believe Clarabelle did that but hey things worked out in the end and congrats to you and Sylvia on your engagement. I know you and my step mom to be will make each other happy\" Max told his father. \"Thanks son and Maxie I was wondering if you do me the honor of being my best man?\" Goofy asked. \"Dad are you serious?\" replied Max. \"Of course who else but my only son\" stated Goofy. \"Sure Dad I'll be the best man at your wedding\" Max told his father as Goofy gave him a hug. \"Thanks son now that I got my best man Sylvia and I are going to begin planning the wedding\" Goofy pointed out. As the days passed whenever Goofy and Sylvia weren't busy working they met up and made decisions about their wedding. \"I love the theme of the wedding that we decided on together. It's going to be groovy\" said Sylvia. \"Me too and I can't wait until you became Mrs. Goof or if you want I can be Mr. Goofy Marpole\" Goofy said making Sylvia smile. \"Let's finish planning the wedding first. Then we'll discuss last names another time\" stated Sylvia as Goofy and Sylvia continued to plan the wedding. \"The last things we need to do is to pick up our clothes for the wedding and order the cake. But we're picking up our clothes with other people because it's bad luck for the groom to see the dress and the bride before the wedding\" stated Sylvia. \"That's fine I just can't wait until the day you become my wife.\" Said Goofy as the soon to be married couple headed to the bakery to try samples of wedding cake to see which one they like best. \"OMG all of these cakes are delicious. I don't know how we're going to pick\" said Sylvia. \"I know right?! Here try this one\" Goofy smiled as he dabbed some cake on Sylvia's face. Sylvia couldn't help but giggle as she did the same thing to Goofy. Sylvia tried some of the cake that Goofy dabbed on her face and she really liked. \"Goofy this cake tastes amazing. Did you try some of it?\" asked Sylvia. \"I'm about to right now\" answered Goofy as he started kissing Sylvia. When they were done kissing the baker asked them, \"Have you decided on which cake you want for your wedding?\" \"Yes we have\" they both said as they told the baker what kind of cake they wanted, how they wanted made and where to deliver it. After taking care of the cake Goofy and Sylvia went in opposite directions to pick up their clothes for the wedding. Both of them couldn't wait until the wedding which was a few weeks after Max's College graduation.[Chapter 10] Chapter 10 Goofy and Sylvia shake their groove things A few weeks after Max and his friends graduate from College as decided Goofy and Sylvia had their wedding. \"Dad I can't believe it's finally your wedding day. How do you feel?\" Max asked his father. \"To be honest son I'm a bit nervous. I wonder if I'll be a good husband for Sylvia\" replied Goofy. \"Were you this nervous when you married mom?\" Max questioned. \"I was but I never forgot what your granddad told me. He said, \"My boy you're about to marry a woman who loves you with all of her heart. As long as the both of you are living treasure every moment you have with each other.\" I never forgot those words and I want you to remember them when you find that special someone\" Goofy told his son. \"Thanks dad I will. Now let's get you married to my new mom\" stated Max as the both of them were finished getting ready for the wedding. Max's friend Bobby was the DJ for the wedding and he began playing the music to start the wedding. All of Goofy's friends Mickey, Minnie, Donald, Daisy, PJ and PJ's dad Pete were the many people invited to the wedding along with Goofy's family. Sylvia's family attended the wedding as well along with a few of her friends from the University Library. As soon as Goofy took his place standing at the altar Bobby began playing here comes the bride and Sylvia began walking down the aisle while everyone got up from their seats as they watched their walk down. Goofy and Sylvia couldn't help but smile at each other and in Goofy's mind he couldn't believe how beautiful Sylvia looked. As soon as Sylvia took her place next to Goofy the minster began speaking, \"Hello friends and family of the bride and groom. We are gathered here today as Sylvia Marpole and George G. Goof or Goofy as he is known as joined their hearts together forever.\" As the minster continued performing the wedding the happy couple continued to smile at each other and hold each other's hands. Then the minster asked, \"Do you Goofy take Sylvia Marpole to be your wife? To love and cherish as long as you both shall live?\" \"I do\" said Goofy. \"Do you Sylvia Marpole take Goofy to be your husband? To love and cherish as long you both shall live?\" The minster asked Sylvia and she answered, \"I do.\" Then the minster concluded the wedding by saying, \"By the power invested in me I now pronounced you husband and wife. You may kiss the bride. With that said Goofy and Sylvia kissed for the first time as a married. \"Let's give a big hand for Mr. and Mrs. Goof\" Bobby said into the microphone while the newlyweds walked down the aisle and into the reception hall. Max went up on the stage and gave his best man speech, \"When my dad asked me to be his best man I said yes because my dad has always been there for me and in honor of today I wanted to be there for him. I'm glad that my dad has found Sylvia because they make each other very happy and that's what I always wanted for my dad for him to be happy. Cheers to my dad Goofy and my new mom Sylvia.\" When Max concluded his speech everyone raised their glasses as they wished the newlyweds many happy years together. After that Bobby started playing the song choice that both Goofy and Sylvia decided on as their first dance as husband and wife. It was none other than shake your groove thing. \"I figured my father would pick this\" Max smiled to himself as he watched Goofy and Sylvia get on the dance floor and began dancing to shake your groove thing. \" Shake it, shake it Shake your groove thing, shake your groove thing, yeah, yeah Show 'em how we do it now Shake your groove thing, shake your groove thing, yeah, yeah Show 'em how we do it now, show 'em how we do it now Let show the world we can dance Bad enough to strut our stuff The music gives us a chance We do more out on the floor Groovin' loose or heart to heart We put in motion every single part Funky sounds wall to wall We're bumpin' booties, havin' us a ball, y'all Shake your groove thing, shake your groove thing, yeah, yeah Show 'em how we do it now Shake your groove thing, shake your groove thing, yeah, yeah Show 'em how we do it now We got the rhythm tonight All the rest know we're the best Our shadows crash in the light Twistin', turnin', we keep burnin' Shake it high or shake it low We take our bodies where they wanna go Feel that beat, never stop Oh, hold me tight, spin me like a top Shake your groove thing, shake your groove thing, yeah, yeah Show 'em how we do it now Shake your groove thing, shake your groove thing, yeah, yeah Show 'em how we do it now There's nothing more that I'd like to do Than take the floor and dance with you Keep dancin', let's keep dancin' Shake it, shake it Shake it, shake it Groovin' loose or heart to heart We put in motion every single part Funky sounds wall to wall We're bumpin' booties, havin' us a ball, y'all Shake your groove thing, shake your groove thing, yeah, yeah Show 'em how we do it now Shake your groove thing, shake your groove thing, yeah, yeah Show 'em how we do it now, yeah Shake it Show 'em how we do it now, yeah Shake it, shake it Shake it Doo, doo, doo, whoa Shake it Doo, doo, doo, whoa Shake your groove thing Shake your groove thing Show 'em how we do it now, let's get on down Show 'em how we do it now, show 'em how we do it now, ooh Ooh Show 'em how we do it now, shake your groove thing Shake it, shake it Shake it, shake it, a bumpin' booty, now Shake it, shake it Shake it, shake it, a little freaky now Shake it, shake it A shake it, shake it, a do it to it y'all\" While the song was playing everyone got on the dance floor and were shaking their groove things. Later on pictures were taken to remember Goofy and Sylvia's wedding. While Goofy and Sylvia were looking through their wedding gifts and cards Goofy found a card from Clarabelle. \"I wonder what Clarabelle wants after all of the trouble she caused\" Sylvia stated as she and Goofy remembered how Clarabelle almost wrecked their relationship. When they opened the card they read the message from Clarabelle, \"To Goofy and Sylvia, I know this is out of the blue that I'm sending you a message on your wedding day. The reason why I'm writing is because I wanted to say I'm deeply and truly sorry for my horrible actions. I know now what I did was unforgivable and I'll understand that if you two will never forgive me. But if you can find it in your hearts to forgive me I would appreciate very much. I didn't take the job as the field reporter. I decided to go back to Los Angeles and continued to do my show Word on The Street but as a more respected reporter. Because of my actions I've gotten some well-deserved help from a therapist. Also Horace and I have been dating for a while because we had a good long talk about how wrong my actions were and that he had always had a secret crush on me. Truthfully I've always found Horace quite charming. Congratulations on your wedding day Mr. and Mrs. Goof. I hope the two of you have a long and happy marriage. From, Clarabelle Cow.\" \"Wow I can't believe Clarabelle apologize for what she did\" Goofy stated as Sylvia agreed with him. \"I can't believe she and Horace Horsecollar ended up together\" replied Sylvia. \"So Goofy where are we going for our honeymoon?\" \"I've been thinking about it for a while and I'm taking you to a romantic collage at Lake Destiny Idaho. It's also the place where my father took me fishing as a boy and where I once tried to attempt to take Max when he was 14 years old as a father son bonding trip but things didn't go as planned\" Goofy told Sylvia. \"I'm a bit curious to know what happen so how about you tell me while we're on the road\" said Sylvia. When the wedding reception was over the newlyweds thanks all of their friends for coming to their wedding and for all of the lovely gifts they received. Goofy and Sylvia got into the car and behind the car was a sign that said, \"Just Married\" along with strings of tin cans tied to the bumper. Goofy and Sylvia drove off as they waved bye to their friends and family as they began their drive to Lake Destiny Idaho. Author's Note: Hooray Goofy and Sylvia are finally married. I decided to add the song Shake your Groove thing which most of you know was the song and dance that was added to An Extremely Goofy Movie. Shake your groove thing was written in 1978 by a singing duo Peaches and Herb. All credit for that song goes to them. I just thought it would be awesome to include it in this story. There was something I forgot to mention for a while now. I was researching Goofy's real name a while back and I found out he has a few including George G. Goof. I don't know why but I decided to pick that one because I guess it made sense to me. I plan on updating this story soon instead of ending right here because I got an idea before I conclude this story. Please stay tune for my next update. Peace out from Princesspeach102![Chapter 11] Chapter 11 Honeymoon and a new member of the Goofy family While Goofy and Sylvia were driving to their honeymoon Goofy told Sylvia what happened on his father son trip with Max. \"So let me get this straight you wanted to take Max fishing because he got in trouble at school for interrupting an assembly by performing like the famous powerline and the principal made it sound worst so to strengthen the connection between the two of you taking the same fishing trip with your dad was the best idea until you found out that Max changed the route on the map you and your father use and had you go on the road to Los Angeles. After that your car ends up floating down a river after it was driven off the road and while you guys were floating down Max told you why he did what he did at his old High School because of a girl and you decided to help him out and the next thing you know the both of you are heading down a waterfall and he saves you by using the perfect cast. Then you guys headed to that Powerline concert and end up on stage with him and Max finally tells that girl he wanted to impress the truth and they went out together?\" asked Sylvia. \"That's right and its one trip I'll never forget about ever! Now I want to show you Lake Destiny Idaho because it's not just a great place for fishing couples can rent collages and enjoy the many things to have a romantic time\" answered Goofy. \"You know what I can't wait until we get there even more now\" exclaimed Sylvia as Goofy continued to drive. When they arrived Goofy picked Sylvia up bridal style and carried her inside. \"You know what I've been looking forward to do?\" Sylvia winked as Goofy got the hint and put Sylvia down on the bed. Goofy and Sylvia were kissing deeply as they began to remove each other's clothes. As Goofy and Sylvia were in bed together making love and moaning in delight Sylvia touched her new husband in a certain spot that made him moan out, \"Yaaaaaaa-hoo-hoo-hoo-hooey!\" For their entire honeymoon Goofy and Sylvia fell more in love with each other than ever before. They took walks, boat rides and enjoy lovely meals together including a nice brunch on the last day of their honeymoon. A few weeks after returning home from their honeymoon and moving in together since they became husband and wife Sylvia wasn't feeling well and as the concern and loving husband Goofy took his wife to the doctor. After Sylvia spoke with the doctor and did some test Sylvia told Goofy some exciting news as she placed his hand on her stomach. \"Are you really….?\" Goofy began to ask and Sylvia said, \"Yes I am. You're going to be a father for the 2nd time.\" Goofy was smiling as he kissed his wife on her stomach and told her that he couldn't wait until the birth of their new son or daughter. The End Author's Note: I finally made it to the end. Just like the first Goofy Movie had a squeal I plan on a squeal to this story as well. After all I bet all of you are wondering how is Max going to react to becoming a big brother and will the child be a boy or a girl? If you have any ideas let me know. Please stay tune for the next time I write a story. One more thing this chapter had a bit of mature context in it and I hope that most of you are mature and not say anything negative about it. Peace out from Princesspeach102! ","Summary":" Chapter 1 Celebration The College graduates all over the university were celebrating graduation day"},{"Movie":"Oz the Great and Powerful","Title":"Broken","Author":"SeaShellvid","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10013954","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 This Story is a rewritten ending. It will start where Glinda and Evanora battling in the throne room. -.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.- My head was pounding, that wall hurt, and I hit it hard... i glance up, my vision still blurry, to see Evanora slithering over towards me. her necklace glowing brightly, signaling she's about to attack. (an, see the change?) \"Ahhhh!\" i scream, pain shooting through my body. my head jerks side to side my body twitching in reaction to the shock. as the pain starts to subside and my vision clear, i see Evanora reaching over my pained self to take my wand away from my reaches. \"oh, don't worry my pretty,\" Evanora mocks me, \"i won't kill you, yet, i still need you alive.\" One of my sisters' winkie guards walks in. \"guard, take my sisters' wand up to my chambers, she doesn't need it,\" Evanora purrs. turning back to me she teases, \"now my pretty one, time to deal with you.\" i haven't moved since i got shocked, i'd rather not get killed. Evanora is now towering over me. \"Evanora, stop,\" i demand strongly. i'll admit, i am scared, but i won't show her. \"i don't think so Glinda, i have you, not the other way around. i want emerald city, I want to be the queen. With you out there I can't be queen. I get what i want dear sister,\" Evanora roughly grabs my chin, causing me to gasp. \"Come, we have no time to waste.\" Evanora roughly grabs my arm pulling me over to a room just off of the throne room. this is where her glass ball and red powder are. \"You will stand here and not move.\" she lets go of my arm and i'm tempted to run, but she still has my wand, so i'm still powerless. Evanora grabs some of her magic red dust and drops it into her hand creating handcuffs, setting those downs she does it again. Evanora then grabs both pairs and turns back to me. \"With a little pout Evanora says, \"Aw, you didn't run. I wanted to play cat and mouse. Oh well, let's just get started then.\" Evanora takes a step towards me as I take one away from her. One hand is holding the cuffs, but with the other she shoots her hand out to grab my wrist. She gives a quick and strong pull of my wrist to her. I trip on over to her. Evanora slips the ice cold cuff onto my wrist before walking behind me to grab the other wrist. \"Come my pretty, to the throne,\" Evanora whispers into my ear. Evanora placed her left arm over my shoulder and leads me back to the throne. Using her magic she sits the chair upright. I feel Evanora's arm removed from my shoulder and then, shortly after, the ground disappearing beneath my feet. I look to Evanora and see her necklaces lighting up some of the area around her neck. She lifts me high enough so my ankles are near her shoulders. She puts the other pair of cuffs on my ankles, then slides me onto the throne. She has my feet lay neatly under my bottom, and my hands brushing agents the back of the throne. \"Evanora, what do you want with me?\" I inquire as she walks behind the throne. \"Oh my dear sister,\" I feel a little claw like thing hit my back, \"It's time to get back at the wizard, and you.\" Evanora comes around to my right, she grabs my chin and forces me to look at her, \"First, the wizard,\" She lets go of my chin and reaches behind me, \"then you,\" Evanora moves the claw thing around the chain of the cuff then pushes it back into the chair. Evanora then snaps her fingers and this camera thing attached to fold-able stick things came down from the ceiling. \"What is that?\" I question as I try and pull my hands from the throne. \"This is a video camera, my pretty one,\" Evanora brushes her hand lightly agents my cheek, \"now the people of Oz shall see I've got you.\" With another snap of her fingers the room lights up just a little, a red light starts to blink on top of the video camera and four screens pop up behind the camera, showing the Wizard shooting at Theodora. Theodora is on her broom and about to flee. \"Stop Wizard!\" Evanora commands. Immediately he stops and everything grows quiet. \"Sister,\" Evanora starts, I look to the screens behind the camera, one of them shows how the people see the room, from a screen, \"Come up here, we have something to deal with.\" Evanora steps aside and reveals me, sitting on the throne. \"Evanora!\" the Wizard calls, \"Let her go! The battle is between us!\" A bit of hope flashes in my mind, but is soon crushed by Theodora walking into the room. \"No Wizard, we won't let her go,\" Theodora steps in. \"And Wizard, this is because of you,\" Evanora turns to me. \"Evanora, don't!\" I try, knowing whats going to happen. \"Ahh!\" I scream. As the pain subsides my head drops down, my chin almost resting on my chest. \"Oh Glinda, this is only the beginning,\" you can hear the pout in Evanora's voice. \"Don't go away people of Oz, and Wizard! we're taking a short break then we'll be back!\" Evanora says fake cheery. \"I know that the Wizard is using a video camera of sorts, and I know where he is, I'm going to go retrieve him while you distract the people,\" Evanora informs. \"Now I built this potion and what it does it it lets both drinkers, if witches, to share their power. For example, if you and I drink it sister, then we can both shoot fire balls and both shoot electricity. How does that sound?\" \"I like it sister,\" Theodora gushes. \"Tape or cloth?\" Evanora asks. \"I say tape, it'll hurt more when it comes off,\" A smirk was clear in Theodora's voice. \"But we don't want to damage her pretty little face,\" Evanora reminds coming over and lifting my head. \"Why not?\" Theodora demands. \"Because, my dear sister, then we can't punish her for having a pretty face everyday,\" Evanora reasons. \"Fine, cloth it is, but make it tight!\" Theodora demands. \"Please, stop this,\" I plead, I have to warn the Wizard. Evanora takes the cloth from Theodora's hand and ties it tightly around my head. Once she is done she snaps her fingers and positions the camera just so, so it doesn't reveal the cloth. The red light again blinks on the camera showing it is back on. Theodora steps into the view. \"My sister created a potion, let's test it out shall we?\" Theodora raises her and pain surges through my limbs, I want to cry out, but am restricted by the cloth. With all the strength I can manage I look over to the screens behind the camera just in time to see the Wizard's face disappear. \"NO!\" I try and scream, \"no Wizard! No!\" my voice is muffled. \"Shut up Glinda!\" Theodora demands. One by one tears start to fall, then more and more, faster and faster. My head falls so I'm not looking into the camera. \"No my pretty one,\" Theodora teases, \" look into the camera.\" When I don't look up she walks over to me grabbing my hair and pulling back. Now the camera shows the cloth and the people watching start screaming things like, 'Stop you evil witches!' and 'This has gone too far'. Evanora walks into the room with the Wizard and he's wearing a jewel on a ring which is on his left pointer. With a wave of Evanora's hand the camera moves away from all of us so it shows Oz walking into the room, and me at the throne. \"Go on Oz, show Glinda how much you hate her,\" Evanora teases. Fear enters as Oz lifts his hand and green bolts star to for at his finger tips. . . . . . . A/N: What do you think? Let me know! R&R; (1,402 words! :) )[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 No, no. I'm weak, I can't take another shock. \"come on Oz, show her how much you hate her,\" Evanora teases. I shake my head, no, please Oz, i beg in my head. Everything starts to go in slow motion, my sisters both laugh wickedly and I turned my head, like it would help, away from the green bolts that kept getting closer. As the pain went away I heard the people of oz, screaming at Oz. Evanora came and undid the cloth. \"see how much he hates you our pretty one,\" Evanora and Theodora questioned together. I was shocked, utterly shocked. how could the Wizard do this? he was supposed to save my people. he was supposed to be our king. he- he betrayed us. The room was complete silent. \"you betrayed me, you betrayed the land of Oz,\" I whisper. \"oh, poor Glinda, you still believe in the Wizard?\" Theodora asks. I don't answer, I don't dare. Evanora and the Wizard exit the room. \"Now what are you going to do with me?\" I ask, \"You've broken the spirits of almost everyone in Oz, what now...\" Evanora walks back in. \"Little Glinda, you will now be our slave,\" Evanora smirked. \"Wh-what?\" I stutter. \"No, I won't- Ahh!\" My shoulders sink down. \"You have to stop that Evanora,\" I pant out of energy. \"and why is that sister?\" Evanora asks flicking a single bolt over to me. \"Evanora stop!\" some of the people of Oz cry up to us. \"Theodora, should we listen to the people?\" Evanora questioned with a smile. \"I don't know sister, what do you think Glinda?\" Theodora asks me, \"Should we listen to the people?\" She walks over to me and curls her green finger under my chin. Her black nail scratches my skin. I keep me mouth closed and stare directly in front of me. If I answer I can't lie, and if I answer, it won't help. They will be zapping me again. Only this time, I'm not sure I'll be okay... \"No, I think instead, both you AND I sister shall zap her,\" Theodora proposes. Turning to me Evanora and Theodora prepare to strike. \"Please, please sisters, don't,\" I beg, my eyes wide with seeing the amount of bolts they were producing. The bolts approach me rapidly. Everything goes black.[Chapter 3] The first thing to return is smelling and hearing. The smell of the room is not of my room, or my castle. 'where am I?\" I wonder... Taste soon follows. My mouth is painfully dry. The next thing to return is feeling. I feel something pulling me down towards another thing, which feels like a bed... Plus something ice cold is enclosed around my leg. Lastly my sight returns as my eyes flutter open. My first sight is of my evil sisters towering over me. I groan at the light shinning strait into my eyes. I quickly glance around at my surroundings. I notice i'm in a small room. \"Sister, you were dead on for when she was going to wake,\" Theodora praises. \"Glinda, first we will introduce you to your new room, then, once we're done here you'll go with dead Theodora over to your castle to pick up some of your belongings, for you shall be staying here for a while,\" Evenora smirked. I nod, my head still a little groggy. I try and get up, only to be held down by rope. \"Don't bother trying to get up, we secured you tightly to the bed,\" Theodora purrs. I roll my eyes and earn myself a shock from both of my dear sisters. \"You will show us the utmost respect!\" Evanora demands. \"Yes sister,\" I say keeping as much respect in my voice as I can muster. \"Good, now to your left is your closet, to your right is your bathroom and shower. you'll report to the throne room, just outside of your room by 9, and here is your alarm clock,\" Evanora lists off. next to the bed on my right is a night stand with a small alarm clock. Theodora undoes the rope and I quickly sit up. \"Get ready we're leaving in two minutes,\" Theodora demands. I nod. I look down to see my white one inch heels next to the bed. Slipping those on I notice a black band around my right ankle. \"what is this?\" I question. \"this is a tracking device, it tells us exactly what room your in, in the castle, and it shocks you if you leave the castle without permission.\" I nod. \"now hands behind your back, the winkkie gaurds will be in here soon with the cage and two baboons.\" I put my hands behind my back, i'd rather not get zapped... Evanora ties one of my wrists up before the winkkie gaurds enter. Evanora then pulls me over to the open cage and throws me in. I hit my head on the back of the cage and am dazzed, unable to move as Evanora ties my other wrist to the cage. Evanora moves behind my back and makes sure my wrists are secure. The winkkie gaurds then pick up the cage and walkout of my rom into where the baboons are waiting. The baboons pick up the cage as Theodora gets on her broom. We fly out of the castle to the main square, where just yesterday, the people of Oz wittnessed the Wizard betray them. a few people were in the square. \"Glinda!\" I see people yell, each more than once. \"People of Oz, don't fear, I will be fine,\" I cry down to them. Theodora flys up beside the cage. \" don't be so sure of that Glinda,\" she orders. Turning I look into the now forming crowd. I see the monkey and china girl standing near the front of the group of people. Theodora sees them too because she raises her hand and sends a lightning bolt their way. \"No!\" I scream at her. \"Run!\" after monkey and china girl are done getting shocked, I see monkey fall onto china girl.[Chapter 4] Theodora and I flew off before I could figure out if they were alive. I dip my head and start to tear up. \"how could you?\" I whisper. \"Oh don't try and figure this out,\" Theodora smirks. \"oh and by the way, they're most likly dead.\" \"no,\" I mutter, \"no, they can't be.\" soon we appear at the castle, my castle. Home sweet home. There is a big window which shows where my room is. Theodora opens the window with her magic and we fly in. Theodora gets off her broom and sets it next to my window seat. The baboons set down the cage. These weird baboons then open the cage and untie my wrists. \"get your dresses and that and we'll be going,\" Theodora snaps. one of the quadlings(spelling) comes in. \"Ep!\" they yell. \"Glinda, are you okay? oh! Theodora! Oh! I'm going now!\" they quickly turn around. \"oh wait little person of Oz, I want some food,\" Theodora informs. \"I only serve Glinda,\" she studdered. \"oh if I were you i'd get me some food, don't forget I have Glinda,\" Theodora teases grabbing my wrist. \"Theodora, stop this, leave her be. I'll go get you something,\" I demand. \"oh no Glinda, your not leaving this room. so your little friend here better get mo some food.\" the girl nods and rushes off. \"sister, that wasn't nice. I'm your 'slave' and I have this stupid tracker, so it's not like I can actually run.\" I say trying not to have the 'duh' tone. \"oh but scaring your people is oh so much fun.\" Theodora curls her pointer under my chin. \"go pack.\" I rush off amd grab all of my clothes putting them into a giant magical bag Theodora hands me. next I slide all of my shoes into the bag. lastly I grab the only remaining photo I have of my father and put it in there too. \"I'm done,\" I state. \"and I haven't got my fod yet,\" Theodora states. I walk over to my window seat and sit down staring out my window. no one is in the square, everyone must have found out that Theodora is here and are tring to hide... I pull my knees close to my chest and my left hand leaves my side to rest on the glass. a few birds fly by the window. oh how I wish I could be out there free. behind my I hear the baboons destroying my room. they rip the pearl white curtains and my canopy over my bed. I soon pass out from stress and exaustion.[Chapter 5] My eyes flutter open. I groggily look around. I'm back in the throne room with Theodora and Evanora. The cage door is open and my sisters haven't noticed me awake yet. I slip out of the cage and go see what they're quietly laughing about. I see them staring at the screens laughing about something from earlier which is recorded. 'Theodora and I are fling back in, well the baboons are doing the flying. I look into the cage, where I should be and I'm laying down. I know I'm asleep, but it doesn't look like that... \"You evil witch! What did you do to Glind?\" A couple of the people shout. \"Do you people really want to know?\" Theodora teases. \"Tell us witch!\" \"I hope you all talked to her when you had the chance. She's dead now, I killed her,\" Theodora sounds so proud of herself.' I gasp, the people think I'm dead! Evannora stops it here. Evanora turns and grabs one of my wrists and Theodora turns and grabs the other. \"Did you like the show?\" Evanora teases. my breathing starts to pick up the pace. \"What about my performance?\" Theodora asks. They pick me up be my arms, my feet are dangling, I'm getting kinda scared. \"The people think your dead,\" Evanora continues. Some bolts start to form on her free hand. \"wanna make that true?\" Theodora questiones. \"Because we can do that for you,\" Evanora finishes. I turn my head away and shut my eyes tight expecting a shock, but none comes. Slowly, I open my eyes and look back at my sisters. \"oh look sister, we scared her!\" Theodora laughs. my sisters throw me on the ground. \"Go to bed, it's late and you start work tomorrow, you WILL be up by 9,\" Evanora calls back to me as the two of them walk away. I get up and dust myself off before heading to bed 17&0713-082-=*7=1082-*80%.=827-=+29,%(0+,-92+3,=(0&,+249 the next chap will be more exciting.[Chapter 6] I wake up at about 8. Quickly I took a shower and got dressed. (an I'm bad at describing outfits, she's in a loose white dress and flats) Don't want to be late on my first day as a slave, note sarcasm. I wake up at about 8. Quickly I took a shower and got dressed. (an I'm bad at describing outfits, she's in a loose white dress and flats) Don't want to be late on my first day as a slave, note sarcasm. I check the clock right before I leave my chamber. 8:55am. good I'm a little early. \"good your here, first job, clean the entrance. Go,\" Evanora orders before turning to leave, \"oh, and we're expecting visitors, you'll get the door too.\" I nod and rush off. about ten minutes into my cleaning there is a knock at the door. I quickly rush over to answer, for I'm sure any of my sisters' guests wouldn't hesitate to say I was slow. \"Hello, welcome to the emerald castle, are you here to see Queen Evanora or Queen Theodora?\" I ask nicely. I hate having to call them queens, but they demanded it by note yesterday. The person at the door was a little girl no older than 10. she had light brown hair and emerald green eyes. She's wearing a pretty white dress that goes down to her mid-calves and sparkly white flats. She's charring a cream white purse which matches well. \"No, I'm here to see you Queen Glinda,\" the girls small soft voice reminded me of someone I think I know... I can't place it... \"Child, don't call me Queen, you shall get yourself in trouble. and I must ask you to wait in my room till I'm done working,\" I finish. she nods. \"My name is Lucy,\" her voice sticks in my head once again. I quick take her to my room. \"Please, wait here till I have time to come talk to you. I'd rather neither of us got into trouble with my sisters, oh and make yourself comfortable,\" I state before leaving the room. As I enter the entrance hall I hear a knocking at the door, quickly I run over and am opening the door no later than 30 seconds or so after the knock. \"Hello, welcome to the emerald castle, are you here to see Queen Evanora or Queen Theodora?\" I ask nicely. The person at the door is a witch, you can tell because she's wearing a blue necklace which is glowing. \"How dare you make me wait!\" She exclaims, \"Now I shall punish you!\" \"Ah!\" I scream. She zapped me, like Evanora does the only difference was she has blue bolts. \"That'll teach you!\" I stand up and shut the door as I apologies many times. The doorbell went off once again and I limped over. \"Hello, welcome to the emerald castle, are you here to see Queen Evanora or Queen Theodora?\" I ask nicely for the third time today. \"you were slow,\" the new witch informs. \"let's fix this, so it doesn't happen again.\" one of the witches throws me into the air and the other zaps me, which sends me flying to a wall. I fall onto some stairs, rolling down. I hear Theodora and Evanora say something to their guests before I pass out. Lucy's pov I sit down on Glinda's bed and open my magic purse. \"how are you doing guys?\" I whisper in. \"we're doing fine, how much longer do you think?\" one of my little guests asks. \"I'm not sure, oh! I hear foot steps! sh! I'll talk to you when I can,\" I quickly shut my purse. Evanora and Theodora walk into the room carrying a passed out Glinda. I notice two other witches following them behind. \"my queens,\" I bow to Evanora and Theodora, and secretly Glinda. I hate having to treat the wicked ones with so much respect, but I have to keep under cover. \"who are you? and what are you doing in our castle?\" Evanora demands setting Glinda down on her bed. \"Well, my parents are dead and so is everyone in my village except me... um... the wicked witch of before your births came and destroyed my village. I was not in the village actually,\" I pause a tear entering my eye. \"where were you?\" One of the witches behind Evanora asks. \"well, I was out adventuring... when I got back home I saw everything destroyed and the old wicked witch flying away,\" I stop catching myself from yelling. and I try to continue with the plan. \"I came to seek Glinda because the last thing my parents ever told me was if something happen find Glinda and she'll know what to do...\" I finish my story. \"I do so want to get rid of that witch,\" I add just for the wicked witches. \"okay, you take care of Glinda and you can stay, we'll also help you get your revenge if you want,\" Theodora smirks. \"oh I understand! and thank you my queens!\" I bow low as they turn to exit. Evanora turns and waves her hand to create a new room. \"you room,\" Evanora says leaving the room. once I'm sure that they are gone I wave my hand over Glinda. Glinda slowly blinks waking up. \"what happen?\" Glinda mumbles.[Chapter 7] Glinda's Pov \"What happen?\" I mumble. \"Glinda, I have a lot of explaining to do. First, your sisters' guests happened. Now down to business. I'm you sister Glinda. Your younger sister. The witch of the north. Father put a spell on me so I wouldn't know who I really was till it was time to know. Also, a spell to keep me young until the danger is over so I may play my part in helping the Wizard,\" Lucy's voice enters my ears and I question her sanity. \"You can't be my sister-\" I stop myself. That's why I know her voice... \"Oh my gosh! You are my sister! Lucy, I've missed you!\" I get up, ignoring her suggestion. Lucy's Pov \"We can't let Evanora and Theodora know about this,\" I start, \"Oh! and I have something to show you,\" I grab my purse and turn back to Glinda. \"Open it!\" I smile. Glinda gives me a confused look and slowly opens my purse. A smile creeps on her face the more she opens it. Glinda' pov I give Lucy a questioning look before opening the purse. In the magic purse sits Monkey and little China girl. \"Your alive,\" I breath. \"Yeah, we missed you Glinda! We thought you were dead!\" China girl climbs out of the purse and into Glinda's arms, crying. \"Child, I'm safe and okay, mostly,\" Glinda whispers the last word. \"Glinda, Lucy can help you do what your sisters demand, she's got magic,\" China girl tries. \"No, Lucy's powers must stay a secret if we're to win this war. China girl, Monkey, I know your alive and i'm happy about that, but I now need you to leave to stay safe, we'll get a hold of you if we need you,\" Glinda starts, \"Lucy, can you move them safely outside of the castle?\" Lucy nods and waves her hand. A hidden bracelet starts to glow just as China girl and Monkey disappear. \"Now, we need a plan on how to take back the castle,\" Lucy informs. \"And I know just what to do.\" an: I need to figure out the plan, so i don't know when i'll be updating... I will take suggestions if anyone has any[Chapter 8] chapter 8 \"Whats the plan?\" Glinda smiles. \"Well, first I need to know, what controls Evanora, and Theodora's powers? For you it's your wand, and for me it's my bracelet,\" Lucy pauses. She slides her sleeve up to reveal an aqua blue bracelet with a tiny dolphin charm as the latch. \"Evanora's is her necklace. Theodora's, I believe, is her ring,\" Glinda is unsure exactly, but is pretty certain about it. Lucy nods. \"Well, with them not knowing about my powers, I can take the items from them. Do you know where your wand is?\" Glinda shakes her head with a sigh. \"It's in Evanora's room somewhere, I think...\" \"Okay, I'll distract Evanora and Theodora and you sneak into Evanora's room and look for your wand,\" Lucy explains. Glinda nods. \"Miss Evanora and Miss Theodora,\" Lucy says softly in the sweetest voice she can do. \"Yes, Lucy?\" Evanora asks. \"Whats it like being powerful witches, and reigning over people?\" Lucy asks. Evanora grins. \"Well, it's very hard to get the people to listen to you,\" Evanora starts. \"And you must always be strong and proper,\" Theodora adds. \"Someone is in my room!\" Evanora shouts interrupting her sister. \"Miss Evanora, it must be a maid cleaning your room,\" Lucy tries, know fully well it is Glinda in her room. \"I don't think so, where is our dear slave Glinda?\" Evanora demands. \"This morning she said something about needing to clean the third floor, the guest floor, i think she said,\" Lucy makes up. Seeing the puzzlement on the two witches faces she adds,\"Or maybe a guest room she said... A floor? or a room did she say?\" Lucy puts her hand on her chin like when she's thinking. \"Or maybe she said she's cleaning my guest room... Or did she say the east wing...\" She shakes her head and acts like it doesn't matter which and turns back to Theodora. \"Where did Evanora go?\" Theodora has a wicked face staring at Lucy. \"My dear, you not very good at acting. She's gone to her room to catch Glinda.\" Theodora starts to slowly advance on Lucy. Theodora creates a tiny fireball on her finger and has it grow as she advances on Lucy, who is not backing away. \"You won't win Theodora,\" Lucy starts. Raising her hands, Lucy creates a buble around her. \"For I too am a witch. \"I'm the good witch of the North. Your long lost sister. I know there is still good in you Theodora, deep down. I don't want to hurt you. please, just stop, let me help you.\" \"I remember you Lucy. oh, yes, father took you away when you were very little. You were six, I was seven, Glinda was eight, and Evanora was nine. He told us he say the future and though he could not prevent it, he told us he could fix it when it happened. He said he had to take you away to do so.\" Theodora stops the fireball from growing, but keeps it in her hand. She stops moving towards Lucy also. \"I was oh so sad when father took you away, so was Evanora, but Glinda was heart broken. You were always her favorite. Evanora played jokes oh her and I. Myself, I didn't like dresses or jewelry like her. But you... You Lucy\" Thodora puts out the fireball and points an angry finger at Lucy. \"you were soo nice, all the time, you loved dresses, and you loved jewelry. Glinda picked you as her favorite because of that. If you wanted something Glinda got it for you. Where as if Evanora or I wanted something we had to get it ourselves. You were Glinda's little pet. Glinda was the biggest baby out of us. She cares way too much.\" \"But do you remember how much I looked up to you dear sister? Glinda was my best friend, but you were my role model Theodora.\" Lucy's bubble popped. \"Do you remember the nickname I had for you?\" Theodora nods, \"Theum, because you couldn't say my name properly. Then you kept calling me that even when you could say my name. I HATED you calling me that. Why?\" \"I called you that because I liked it. I only gave you a nickname, no one else. I looked up to YOU. I gave YOU a nickname.\" Lucy catches her breath. \"I want you back... I miss you. The old you.\" \"You didn't look up to me! You looked up to Glinda. Who would look up to me? Even the old me?\" Theodora screams at Lucy. \"I Looked Up To You! You were the most confident out of the four of us! You loved to read and behave! You loved to be you! You were the one I looked up to! You were my favorite! AND I WANT YOU BACK! I'm still only eight! Father made it so I didn't age, I was almost frozen in time, while you, Evanora, and Glinda grew up! I hate what you've turned into Theum! I hate it! And I just want the old you back! The one that would tease me and play with me when Glinda was busy, the one that taught me to read because no one else would, the one who I loved...\" Lucy falls to her knees and starts crying into her hands. Evanora struts in a few minutes later, followed by Oz, carring Glinda whom looks to be dead. Lucy glances up and sees Glinda. \"Glinda!\" she screams curling into a ball and crying more. \"OH dear sister,\" Evanora starts, \"what did you do?\" She praises. \"It's Lucy,\" Theodora answers not happy, yet not sad. \"Yes that's Lucy, I know that. She told us already.\" Evonora shakes her head. What did Lucy do to Theodora? \"Our sister Lucy.\" It takes a minute before evanora yells, \"WHAT?!\"[Chapter 9] \"No, she should be older!\" Evanora yells. She trows Glinda onto the ground. Glinda is dazed and not able to move for a minute. It is just enough time for Evanora to create a cage around her. Having hit the ground hard enough the cold metal of the cage soothes Glinda's pounding head. Evanora saunters over to Lucy whom has just wiped away her tears enough to look up. She gasps as Evanora's hand shoots across her face. One of Lucy's hands rushes to her hurt cheek while the other helps hold her up for balance. She's sitting with her legs in a v shape, like girls do when the have to sit while wearing a skirt or dress. Before Anyone has time to react Evanora nabs Lucy's hand and bolts strait up into the air. Lucy flails her legs hoping to be put down safely. \"Now, what should I do? Drop you? or put you down?\" Evanora's voice sounds like a tease. \"Theum! Help!\" Lucy cries down to her sister. \"I know there is still good in you!\" \"How do you know that name?\" Evanora smacks Lucy again, \"If you are Lucy, save yourself.\" Evanora zaps Theodora so she can't help Lucy before she drops Lucy. \"AH!\" Lucy screams. Thinking fast she creates a stack of pillows under her which disappear one at a time after catching the impact from the drop. She gets to the floor out of breath. Magic really drains a witch, especially when they're young. Evanora slides down to Lucy's level. \"Where's your charm?\" Evanora demands. \"You can't defend yourself when your drained so tell me so I don't hurt you.\" She hisses to Lucy. \"My - My bracelet,\" Lucy whimpers. Lucy has just propped herself up onto her hands when Evanora yanks them out from under her. Evanora bends down and grabs Lucy's bracelet. \"No. No. No. Please, no.\" Evanora raises her hand and a chain appears attached to the floor and around Lucy's waist. \"You may be my sister, but I want to rule and I know you won't help me. You love Glinda the best.\" Lucy sits up and Evanora shrugs and walks over to Theodora. \"Sister, will you be helping me or them?\" When Evanora says 'them' you can hear the hate. \"You.\" \"Theum! No!\" Lucy screams. Theodora walks numbly out of the room. \"Now to deal with you two,\" Evanora purrs. \"Evanora please let Lucy go,\" Glinda speaks up. \"Please.\"[Chapter 10] \"Why should I let the brat go? I now have some leverage agents you,\" Evanora teases creating a chain around Glinda as she did Lucy. \"Please she's powerless and still young. Let her go,\" Glinda tries again. \"No! Now shut up!\" Evanora hits Glinda. \"Evanora what, what do you want?\" Lucy cries. salty tears race down her cheeks. Evanora's head snaps towards Lucy stalking up to her. \"Oh you stupid little girl. I want power. You and our dear sister Glinda,\" Evanora shoots lightning bolts at Glinda, \"are in my way. I don't want to kill you because your my leverage to get the people and Glinda to obey me.\" A devilish smile appears on Evanora's face, \"Your coming with me.\" Evanora waves her hand and the chain around Lucy disappears and a rope appears around her wrists and the other end in Evanora's hand. Lucy tugs at the rope hopping for Evanora to let go of it. \"Let go.\" Lucy tugs some more. Evanora's response is walking out of the room almost dragging Lucy behind. Evanora takes Lucy down to the dungeons. \"What are we doing down here?\" Lucy gasps at what she sees. \"Now you understand a lot more, don't you?\" Evanora purrs into Lucy's ear. Theodora walks glumly back into the throne room. \"Theodora, please help Lucy escape. Please,\" Glinda pleads. \"Why? You got her to lie to me! I doubt she looked up to me miss perfect!\" Theodora spat. Glinda struggles agents the chains holding her down. \"Theo, please. Lucy needs her big sister to protect her. Your the only one that can save her from Evanora!\" Glinda tries again. \"She has my wand, I can't protect her any more. You can. You can save our little sister.\" Theodora walks out of the room. \"Evanora said I shouldn't be able to feel these emotions anymore. She lied! What else did she lie about?\" Theodora continues to mumble to herself letting her feet take her somewhere. Where? Theodora pays no attention. Finally she gets to a door. A sea blue door. She opens it and steps inside. It's Lucy's old room. Their mother never had the courage to get rid of the stuff. It's been here for 30 years. Theodora hasn't been in this room for over 30 years. She played with Lucy the day before their father took her away, but not since. This room would have causes dear Theodora to break before the wizard got here, beyond hope then, but with little Lucy back Theodora finally has the courage to come in here. Theodora saunters through the room. She finds Lucy's diary open on her desk and really dusty. Theodora picks it up and blows off the dust. She reads the latest entry: 'Dear Diary, Daddy says I have to go on a trip with him tomorrow. He says I have to say bye to sissys. I'm really going to miss Theum, she always plays with me. Especially when Glinda is to busy. I'm going to miss Theum the most. Daddy say it's because I look up to her. I don't really understand what that means. Daddy says it's like I'm trying to be just like her. It's true. I love Theum and want to be just like her when I grow up. She's so nice and confident. She loves to read and learn other people's stories. So i guess daddy is right. I do want to be like her. I will also miss Glinda a lot. She loved playing with me, but only on her time when she wasn't busy with helping daddy and learning magic. I just found out a few months ago that I can do magic. Theum is helping me learn some magic she knows! I can make things appear and I can move objects around. It takes me a minute but i'll be practicing to make it faster! I hope Theum will teach me how to disappear tomorrow before I leave like she says she will! She says only if there is time though.. I will also miss Evanora, but not like i'll miss Theum. Daddy says I have to go to bed now, Lucy P.S. I have a bracelet for Theum before I leave tomorrow! I hope she likes it!' Theodora notices a little bracelet made of string next to the colors of the strings are sea blue and moss green. With a marker it's written on the string. 'Love you'. Theodora felt something in her chest. It can't be my heart... Evanora got rid of that... No, it withered down to almost nothing, but Lucy's love for you saved your heart and is making it whole again. No! I don't want to feel again! But you are, so what are you going to do about it? Nothing, maybe eat another apple? No! Your going to save Lucy and Glinda! That's what your going to do! Do ! have to? Yes, i'm your conscience and what I say goes! Theodora nodded to herself. Theodora held back tears of joy from burning her face. She couldn't believe someone looks up to her. She decided she must be the best role model she can be.[Chapter 11] Chapter 11 Lucy huddled in the corner in fetal position rocking slightly and crying. Evanora was sitting on her bed flipping through a magazine glancing up at Lucy and chuckling. Lucy dare not move. Evanora is making Lucy stay with her all the time. The only exceptions are showers and things in the restroom, and then Lucy is tied up or something like that to keep her there. \"Lucy, would you like something to eat or to look at?\" Evanora drops her magazine. Lucy stops rocking and just stares at Evanora with her red, puffy eyes. \"Well?\" Evanora yells. Lucy shrinks back and a whimper escapes her lips. \"Stop being a baby,\" Evanora yells at Lucy. Lucy only shrinks back more. Theordora knocks then enters through the open door. \"Oh sister, stop torturing her. I can watch her,\" Thedora says giving her sister a look. \"Very well, but you are not to let her escape,\" Evanora snaps with a glare. Theodora dips her head politely. She walks over to Lucy, who is trying to slide away. Theodora makes it over to Lucy and lightly grabs her arm. Lucy looks up at her older sister with pleading eyes. \"Come on.\" Lucy, to terrified to not, stands up. She unwantingly follows Theodora to her room. \"Theum, I mean Theodora, I mean Queen Theodora what are you going to do with me?\" Lucy shrinks back a little. The two sisters made it to Theodora's room and Lucy slides into a corner. \"Lucy, I'm so sorry, \" Theodora starts, \"can you ever forgive me?\" \"Theodora, \" Lucy chooses her words carefully and speaks softly, \"I'm not stupid, I know your trying to trick me.\" Hurt takes it's place in Theodora's eyes but Lucy doesn't notice. \"Luc, will you stay here so I don't have to tie you up?\" \"Don't call me Luc, you don't have that privilege. You lost that when you picked Evanora over Glinda and I,\" Lucy snaps not looking up at Theodora. \"I won't bind you but please, don't try to run,\" Theodora begs. She gets up and leaves her room, magically locking the door behind her. Lucy waits a minute until she's sure Theodora is gone. I have to save Glinda and we need to get out of here... But they have our channelers... I hate Theodora! Lucy gets up and walks over to the door to try and open it. Locked, Great! Lucy falls into the corner and starts to cry again. About ten minutes later Lucy hears someone at the door. Lucy glances up, her eyes fill with fear. Theodora Enters first, pulling something. Lucy notices blond hair first. \"Glinda!\" Lucy cries out to her desperately. Glidna stumbles in and Theodora loosens her grip on Glinda's arm. Glidna runs over to Lucy, who hasn't moved from the corner, and lands on her knees next to Lucy. \"Lucy are you okay? What did they do to you? Is anything broken?\" Glinda rattles off hugging Lucy and holding her tight. \"I'm okay now. Did Theu-Theodora say anything to you about being sorry?\" Lucy's tearful eyes look up at Glinda. Glinda nods. \"Do you believe her?\" Glinda glances over at Theodora who's watching them with intrest. Slowly Glinda shakes her hear, ready for Theodora to strike the both of them. But nothing happens. Glinda glances back at Theodora who has saddness written all over her face. This confuses Glinda. \"Stay here and be quiet, I'm going to get your wands.\" With that Theodora exits the room again locking it behind her. \"Glinda, is Theodora going to break our channelers?\" Lucy whispers up to Glinda. \"I don't know Lucy, I don't know.\"[Chapter 12] Glinda holds tight onto her youngest sister. She's disappointed that Theodora turned evil and doesn't think she can be trusted yet. Glinda knows that Theodora has good in her, but has no idea how much or where. Lucy is terrified, she also knows there is good in Theodora. Lucy on the other hand doesn't think it will return for others to see. Lucy won't let go of Glinda, she fears this will be there last time together. Tears run down her face staining Glinda's dirty, and probably ruined dress. Theodora comes back into the room with Glinda's wand and Lucy's bracelet to find her two sisters haven't moved an inch. Thedora turns her back on them to walk to her bed, when she turns around she sees her two sisters holding each other so tight and looking up at her with fear filling their eyes and covering their faces. Theodora plops onto her bed with a sigh. She can't believe she made them this scared of her. She wants so much to take it all back. Lucy debated tackling Theodora to the ground when her back was turned, but Glinda, realizing Lucy's thoughts, held onto Lucy tighter not wanting her to get hurt or worse. \"Here, your channelers.\" Theodora holds out her hand with wand and bracelet. Neither sister moves, both think it's a trap. The channelers are just out of Glinda's reach if she were to reach for them. Lucy looks from her bracelet up to Theodora's eyes. Slowly, and with a shaky hand Lucy wiggled from Glinda's grip, reaching for her channeler. Lucy finally grips her bracelet and pulls her hand back very rapidly. She grips it tightly creating a shield around herself and Glinda. \"I'm not going to hurt you guys,\" Theodora whispers, \"take down the shield, I don't want you to get to drained.\" Lucy looks to Glinda who nods, before she takes the shield down. Lucy holds out her bracelet to give back to Theodora thinking she's in for it now. \"I don't want it back Lucy,\" Theodora says getting down on the floor near her two sisters. Glinda grips Lucy tighter, half pushing the youngest behind her. \"Glinda, here.\" Theodora hands Glinda her wand. \"Lucy please come here.\" \"No, she won't.\" Glinda grips her wand and shoves Lucy behind her. Lucy clutches the back of her older sister's dress like her life depends on it. \"Doing magic may drain Lucy fast, but my magic stamina is more than yours. Give me your ring.\" Glinda points her wand at Theodora and holds out her other hand. Sighing, Theodora takes off her ring and places it in Glinda's hand, she's tired of fighting her sister. \"I don't want to fight you two anymore. Please.\" With a wave of her wand, Glinda binds up Theodora and cleans up her and Lucy. \"Glinda, what's the plan?\" \"We have to defeat Evanora.\" Glinda sighs. \"Hide you wand and bracelet then tell her I sent you to go get her because I need her. When she gets here, jump her and take her necklace.\" Theodora offers. Glinda turns to her tied up sister. \"Why are you helping us?\" \"Because I'm sorry, I want your forgiveness.\"[Chapter 13] \"Theodora, what are you doing with Lucy?\" Evanora questions entering the room. Evanora nabs Lucy's wrist before anyone else can react. \"Evanora help! Glinda escaped and got their channelers before jumping me and taking my ring.\" Theodora lies smoothly. \"You liar!\" Lucy screams at her. Evanora gives Lucy a quick zap to shut her up. \"Bracelet please.\" Evanora says threatingly. Lucy looks into Glinda's eyes trying to tell her sister her plans. Lucy creates the strongest shield she can. Evanora tries, and fails to zap Lucy. Glinda takes this opportunity to throw her magic at Evanora. Evanora blocks Glinda's magic, still holding on to Lucy's wrist. Lucy keeps the shield up for as long as she can. Evanora and Glinda notice her shield flickering. Looking at Theodora, Evanora gives her a sad look before flying off with Lucy. The last thing Glinda hears is Evanora's evil chuckle followed by Lucy's scream. \"Lucy!\" Glinda puts a magic lock on the door so Evanora can't enter before turning to Theodora. \"This is all your fault.\" _*_*_* Lucy's shield finally broke as Evanore flew her out of the room. Evanora clearly noticed because she gave an evil chuckle before zapping Lucy, making her pass out. Lucy awoke with a start, actually more or a shock. Her muscles ached and her wrists were bound and behind her back. Lucy did her best to sit up and take a look around. She noticed her ankles were bound and she was on a table. She looked throughout the dark room, she saw another table with something on it. No it's a someone. Glinda. Lucy gasps. How? Lucy uses her hands and legs to slide off the table. She rolls over to Glinda's table before trying to stand. She manages to stand by having her back to one of the legs and pulling herself up with her hands. Again using her hands to help pull her up she gets onto the table. Lucy rolls Glinda onto her back, not seeing her chest rise and fall, Lucy puts her ear to where Glinda's heart should be. She listens closely to hear nothing. \"Glinda? Glinda wake up, we have to get out of here. Please Glinda, wake up! Glinda!\" Lucy says getting up to a scream on the last 'Glinda'. \"She's dead because she tried to stop me. Your next if you try anything else.\" Lucy gasps as Evanora's voice travels to her ear. Evanora comes up behind Lucy and unites her. \"you can have a minute.\" Evanora flies away laughing so hard it sickens Lucy. Lucy collapses on Glinda. The waterfall starts and doesn't stop until Lucy passes out. _/~(' '5,?!-'!;#×*#&£$&'&€×,'(£×_#&*×.=*×£*3,!1_!93#9& AN: so Glinda's dead... comment[Chapter 14] \"Theodora, This is all your fault. I can't even believe you anymore,\" Glinda fumes. Theodora sat dissapointed with herself. How could she let Evanora take Lucy. \"She'll probably KILL Lucy!\" Glinda continues. \"Not that you care, she only looked up to you, no biggy. Yeah she really did look up to you when we were younger. When we were making something like bracelets or cookies or something like that she'd always ask, ' do you think Theum will like this?' She loved to do stuff for you, but I guess you don't care,\" Glinda finished her rant and looked to Theodora for her to say some snippy comment back. Instead Glinda sees a tear on the brim of falling out if Theodora's eye, ready to feel like acid on her face. \"I know, I went to her old room. Her diary was open and I read the last entry. It related my frozen heart Glinda,\" Theodora all but cried to her older sister. Glinda turns to her sister. She's telling the truth. Glinda tosses Theodora her ring and Theodora unites herself. it deleted the rest of the chap[Chapter 15] 'Evanora, let's do a hostage exchange. Theodora for Lucy.' Glinda's voice travels into Evanora's mind. Evanora raises her index and middle fingers to her temple. 'No deal Glinda. I want you to give Theodora back her ring and you both shall come to my chambers and I might not kill Lucy along with yourself. You have 1 hour.' \"Theodora, come on, we're going to Evanora.\" \"What? No, she'll kill you Glinda! Lucy would never forgive me.\" Glinda ignores her sister's request and leaves the room anyway. With a sigh Glinda makes her way to Evanora's chambers. Theodora follows behind. \"Evanora, I'm here. Please don't hurt Lucy.\" Evanora opens the door with a smirk. She grabs Glinda's wrist pulling her into the room. Theodora follows, sauntering in. Evanora ties Glinda to the bed posts of a second bed in her room. She then pulls out her trembling sisters wand from her pocket. \"Time to die goody two shoes.\" Evanora raises her hands going to snap the wand on her knee. \"No.\" Theodora raises her hand and shoots Evanora, successfully knocking her sister over. Theodora then races over and nabs Evanora's necklace and Glinda's wand. \"Theodora, what did Glinda do to you? We're going to rule Oz together.\" Evanora pleads. \"No Evanora. Glinda will rule Oz with Lucy. We both deserve jail. You froze my heart and Lucy thawed it. I'm saving the ones I love and the kingdom. you will loose your power once and for all.\" With the Theodora crushes Evanora's necklace. Evanora starts to loose her hair and grows wrinkles and looks old. \"Look what you've done to me!\" Evanora's raspy voice screams. Theodora waves her hand and Evanora is bound. Theodora then goes over to Glinda, whom has been shaking like a leaf since they got to Evanora's room 20 minutes ago and starts to untie her by hand to show her how much she cares. \"Behind you!\" Glinda screams before Theodora is knocked out. The person grabs Glinda's arms that Theodora untied and ties them back to the bed. The person caresses her cheek, leaning in to kiss her. Glinda turns her head so they kiss her neck. They growl at Glinda. \"Evanora promised me you'd be mine. So now you mine little Glinda. Don't try and fight us. I know you love me,\" They purr in Glinda's ear.[Chapter 16] \"No, I don't love you. Please leave me alone,\" Glinda whimpered. \"Let me go.\" \"No, your mine. I'll be right back my honey, first I need to deal with your younger sister here,\" The person turns to Theodora. They take off her ring and pocket it before doing the same with Glinda's wand. They then turn back to Glinda and blow her a kiss, they head out of the room, dragging Theodora behind them. \"Do you like my pet dear Glinda?\" Evanora smirks hobbling up to her sister. \"What did you do to Oz?\" Evanora ignores the question and leaves the room. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~)~~~~~~ \"Lucy,\" Evanora's voice is raspy and Lucy gasps seeing her sister old looking and wrinkly, \"come on. Don't ask what happen to me. Now hurry up before I hurt you.\" Lucy's puffy, red eyes stare over at Evanora unsure if she should really go. Lucy makes up her mind quickly and gets up to follow her sister. Evanora leads Lucy to another room. Before they get there they run into someone Lucy doesn't know. \"Oz, meet Lucy. She's our prisoner and knows your wife is dead. We're sorry for your loss.\" Lucy doesn't notice, but Evanora winks to Oz telling him to go with it. Oz gets the message and walks up to Lucy, whom shrinks away from him. \"Can you take her to the other room with the traitor please?\" Oz nods and grabs Lucy's arm. \"No, ow! Let go of me,\" Lucy squeaks. Oz and Evanora ignore her and continue with what they're doing. Oz drags Lucy to the room he previously put Theodora in. Oz throws Lucy in to the room before slamming the door. The room is lit up. Its Lucy's old room. \"My room.\" Lucy looks around, that's when she notices Theodora passed out on her floor a foot or so from the door. \"No, no, no!\" Lucy's breath starts to get shallow, and her heart rate sky rockets. She realizes Theodora is not awake and calms down. Lucy feels safe and calm until her sister starts to wake up. That's when Lucy runs and hides under her bed.[Chapter 17] Theodora slowly gets up, she rubs the back of her throbbing head. Ow , what happened to me? And why does my head hurt? Theodora remembers Glinda yelling at her to look out then she has no idea what happen. Theodora looks around the room she in as she stands up. She sighs, Lucy's room . Theodora wonders how she got into Lucy's room when she hears a noise, coming from the bed. \"Who's in here?\" Theodora calls out. No response. She tries again, \"Glinda? Lucy? Either of you in here?\" Lucy doesn't move. She sees Theodora wake up and look around. Does she know I'm in here? Oh I hope she doesn't. Lucy accidentally moves her foot and it shuffles on the wood floor making a noise. \"Who's in here?\" Theodora calls out. No response. She tries again, \"Glinda? Lucy? Either of you in here?\" No, no, no, she knows I'm in here. And she thinks Glinda is alive... Theodora gets up and walks over to the bed. Lucy's heart rate rises, but she manages to keep her breathing quiet as it gets faster and faster. \"Lucy, I know your under the bed. Please come out, I won't hurt you I promise.\" Theodora's voice is calm and light. Lucy looks over to see Theodora's head at floor level and looking at her. Lucy furiously shakes her head. She won't come out from under the bed. Lucy doesn't yet know what Theodora did for Glinda, so she doesn't trust her. \"Lucy, do you know why I'm in here?\" Lucy again shakes her head, \"it's because I destroyed Evanora's amulet and now she has no power, I also stopped Evanora from breaking Glinda's wand. Evanora thinks I'm a traitor. That's why I'm in here.\" The door bursts open and Evanora waddles in. \"Where is Lucy?\" Evanora demands. \"And don't try anything Theo, I may not have my powers but Oz can still hurt you if I don't come out safely.\" \"Lucy is under the bed. She still thinks I'm evil.\" \"Oh Lucy, Theodora isn't evil anymore. No, she's a coward! She destroyed my amulet so we couldn't have a fair fight.\" Evanora informs. \"Now, you two will never leave this room again. Theodora you actually will. And I guess so will Lucy, but it will he to watch Theodora have a public death after the people of Oz learn she wasn't evil anymore. After that Lucy, you'll be stuck in here until you die. I'll use you to get the people to do everything I say.\" Evanora smirks before leaving the room again. Oz walks back into the room. Glinda doesn't say a word or even move as he stalks up to her. \"Your so pretty today my dear,\" Oz says petting Glinda's hair. \"Oz, if you untie me I'll give you a kiss.\" Glinda tries sweetly. \"No. Ill just take a kiss when I want one. I'm not stupid my dear. You'll leave me if I let you go.\" Glinda sighs, that was her only plan. She looks up into Oz's eyes for the first time since she gave him his good luck kiss back in quadling country. She sees his eyes are glossy, not like normal eyes. \"Oz, what did Evanora do to you?\" Glinda whispers to him. \"She used her magic on me. The deal we made though, was I'd be her slave if I got to make you my wife when she got the people's obedience. And she now has their obedience.\" \"Oz, I would have married you anyway. But I won't now. Oz, I won't marry you if Evanora rules Oz.\" Glinda informs him. \"My dear Glinda, you will marry me, you have no choice. I will force you to marry me.\" Oz yells grabbing Glinda's chin roughly. She gasps in response. Evanora walks in. \"Oz, are you enjoying Glinda's company? When do you want the wedding to be?\" Evanora smirks at a glaring Glinda. \"Can it be tomorrow?\" Oz questions gleefully. Evanora nods in approval. \"Tomorrow, right before the execution. That way Theodora can see her sister married before she dies.\" Evanora infoms. \"No! Don't kill her!\" Glinda screams. The next day Evanora had forced a munchkin to make Glinda a wedding dress. The dress is a soft white color. The sleeves don't go over the shoulders, but instead hug the top of Glinda's arms. The dress goes down to the floor and has a trail that is about a yards length. The dress hugs Glinda's form and flows as it nears the floor. Glinda got her dress on with the help of a quadling. The quadling was now doing her hair into curls when Theodora enter the room with Evanora. \"Listen up you two. Some of my friends are here, and they agreed to help me keep you in line. And Lucy thinks your dead Glinda, so she won't see you married.\" Evanora is informed. \"but don't worry Theodora, she'll see you die though.\" ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ At the wedding Evanora has forced everyone in emerald city to attend the wedding then execution. They were also told if they say anything or make any noise Lucy would be executed too. \"Oz, do you take Glinda to be your wife?\" A munchkin asks. Oz looks to Glinda before answering, \"I do.\" Glinda is on the stage in the square she's able to move, but not much. There are ropes around bother her wrists and connected to the stage on the other end. Theodora is up there also. She is in the chains Glinda had been in only a week or so previously. \"Glinda, do you take Oz to be your husband?\" \"No, I don't.\" Glinda cries. \"Her opinion doesn't matter.\" Evanora and Oz hiss at the munchkin. The munchkin gives Glinda a sympathetic look before continuing. \"I now pronounce you husband and wife. You may now kiss the bride.\" Oz walks over to Glinda, whom can't back away. \"Oz, don't,\" Glinda whimper trying, and failing to get away. Oz ignores her and leans in and pecks Glinda's lips. \"Very good, now come on you two love birds. You'll watch the execution from over there so Lucy doesn't see you, but you'll still see the execution. Oz unites Glinda and walks her over to where Evanora said. Lucy is the brought out and Evanora grabs her shoulders. \"We'll watch Theodora die from over here. Oz your up!\" Evanora chirps. Oz saunters over from behind a pole to in front of Theodora. \"Oz, throw her a fireball.\" Oz nods. He starts to grow a fireball in one hand. He was about to throw it when he made it disappear, and turned to Lucy and Evanora. That's when Lucy passes out along with Evanora.[Chapter 18] During the entire wedding Glinda had tears racing down her cheeks. She doesn't want to marry Oz like this and she doesn't want the wedding to end and Theodora die. Oz drags Glinda over to where Evanora said. \"Oz, please don't let Evanora kill her.\" Glinda pleads, tears running down her face faster. Glinda looks up into Oz's eyes as he ties her wrists to a rail. His eyes are back to normal. \"Oz,\" Glinda gasps, \"your back!\" Oz nods. \"but I have to pretend not to be.\" Glinda nods in understanding. \"Please, make sure she's not hurt, please.\" Oz nods and Glinda gets up on her tip toes, kissing his forehead briefly. \"For put protection, not that you need it.\" Glinda says with a sigh. Oz kisses her forehead before Evanora calls him out. \"Throw her a fireball.\" Oz nods and forms a fireball in his hand. He lets it grow for a minute before putting it out and throwing lightning bolts over to Evanora and Lucy too. She hates that she has to hurt Lucy too, but it has to be done. \"Oz!\" Theodora yells at Oz. \"Don't hurt Lucy!\" Glinda yells fighting the bonds on her wrists. Oz jogs over to Glinda and unites her wrists. Glinda gives him a peck on the cheek before Oz runs back over to Evanora and binds her wrists together. The people of Oz start to cheer. \"I want a winkie guard to take her down to to the dungeon.\" Evanora starts to wake up. \"Oz, what's going on? Help me.\" Evanora demanded. \"I'm not your puppet anymore Evanora!\" Oz yells as winkie guards take her away. Glinda holds Lucy as she wakes up. \"Am I dead?\" Lucy questions with a soft voice. \"No, Evanora tricked you into thinking I was dead to keep you in line. She knew if she had you in line I'd follow suit so you weren't hurt. She had a plan and when Theodora wasn't helping anymore she decided to get rid of her as an example. Don't worry anymore. Evanora is powerless and in jail.\" \"Glinda,\" Lucy gasps, tears in her eveys, \"I thought you were dead and I was going to lose Theodora too.\" Oz gets Theodora out of the shackles and she walks over to her two sisters. Lucy is clutching GLinda with all her might and won't let go. Lucy is crying on Glinda's dress as Theodora get onto her knees next to them. Careful not to touch Lucy's tears Theodora joins in on the hug. Theodora stands up with a sigh as the three sisters finish their long hug. \"I guess I'll be going to jail now... For all of the trouble I caused.\" Theodora starts to walk away. Lucy and Glinda each grab one of Theodora's wrists. \"No,\" Glinda starts. \"You aren't going to jail. though you were evil it was Evanora's fault. She tricked you into turning evil. In the end you realized you were evil and changed back adn saved us. Plus I need my big sisters that love me. Thats you and we love you.\" Lucy gives Theodora a big hug. \"We love you.\" The end So how was it. review/comment! any unanswered questions? I'll answer them! ","Summary":" Chapter 1 This Story is a rewritten ending. It will start where Glinda and Evanora battling in the "},{"Movie":"Another Cinderella Story","Title":"Show Changes","Author":"Gabriella Somerfield","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9532276","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Line Up Change. Luke changes the line up at the showcase. Back Story : Luke and Katie are already dating. Plus writing songs for Katie's eventual album. Everything that happened in the movie happened up to the start of this story happened apart from Bev and Luke kissing. Luke knows Katie can sing but because Gail threatened Angela Katie didn't tell him what was going on until he saw Bev in the studio. Then she had to tell him everything and Luke told her to keep going with it while he spoke to his dad and got Katie's single released. Now it's the night of the showcase and it is there the story begins. This chapter is not edited properly as my beta has had exams before and now has problems with her computer however it is being posted as I've left everything un updated or un posted for too many months due to my beta's exams and me being to worked up about new stories. One Shot. \"Have I missed your big line up?\" asked Guy. \"No you just time and you love the closing act. She's amazing,\" said Luke. \"Why don't I show you to your seats. Katie go help Bev,\" said Gail. Luke and Katie headed backstage while Gail and Guy headed to the VIP act. \"You'll love the last act,\" said Gail. \"It's your daughter isn't it?\" asked Guy. \"Yes,\" said Gail, with a proud smile. \"I took the liberty of releasing her single I hope you don't mind,\" said Guy. \"Of course not,\" said Gail. \"I was right it sounded like money and it flew of the shelves,\" said Guy. \"That's great,\" said Gail. They watched Oral Marjory on stage and then Luke came on to announce Bev or so Gail thought but Guy knew better. \"This is the one you have all be waiting for, Kengiston's new artist. It's Katie Gibbs,\" shouted Luke. Katie walked on surround by her dancers and backstage Bev was shell shocked what was going on. Plug in the mic, open the curtain Turn on the lights, I'm through rehearsing The feeling ignites, I'm in control The crowds in the palm of my hands All my fans stand, what is the truth? What's an illusion? You're searching for proof But are you certain? Whatever you see is what you get If words paint a picture then I betcha I can getcha yet I'll make you believe in me I can be what you want me to be Tonight is the night Where I make you see That I can be anything Anything, anything I'll make you believe in me I can be what you want me to be Tonight is the night Where I make you see That I can be anything Anything, anything I've got nothing to lose, I've been exposed I'm paying my dues, playing the role I'm breaking the rules, flowing the flow I've got the whole world nodding \"yes\" Like some bobble heads I'll break a sweat, if you wanna Confess all your sins, you know you got 'em The rooms in a spin, the fever's pitched I swear there's no doubt I'm legit I'm no counterfeit I'll make you believe in me I can be what you want me to be Tonight is the night Where I make you see That I can be anything Anything, anything I'll make you believe in me I can be what you want me to be Tonight is the night Where I make you see That I can be anything Anything, anything You want from me I'm not shy, boy I can be what you want Your bright shiny toy You just have to respond The clock never stops But baby, it's time There's no doubt in my mind That I can make you believe I can be what you want me to be Tonight is the night Where I make you see That I can be anything Anything, anything I'll make you believe in me I can be what you want me to be Tonight is the night Where I make you see That I can be anything Anything, anything I'll make you believe in me I can be what you want me to be Tonight is the night Where I make you see That I can be anything Anything, anything I'll make you believe in me I can be what you want me to be Tonight is the night Where I make you see That I can be anything Anything, anything You want from me The applause from the crowd was immense. \"More, more more,\" they chanted. Katie turned to Luke. \"Sing something else,\" said Luke. \"Like what?\" asked Katie. \"The demo you gave me,\" said Luke, grabbing a guitar. Katie switched mics like a pro and the music started. There's a little secret I would like to tell you There's a book of lies ... I know they'll try to sell you And they'll try, and they'll try To convince you to buy you need 'em So the next time you're down Look inside not around. I can bless myself There's no need for someone's help There's no one to blame There's no one to save you but yourself I can justify all the mistakes in my life It's taught me to be, it's givin' me And I'll survive 'Cause I have blessed myself. Katie was lifted in the air by her dancers at the point. Do you ever wonder How anything can make you cry Have yourself discover That the pain you feel Is the pain that you deny in your life So open up your eyes Before she was lowered back to the stage and turned to Luke. Singing the next four lines to him and latching onto his hand with hers. You can bless yourself There's no need for someone else There's no one to blame There's no one to save you but yourself Before she turned back round holding the last note. She walked to the front of the stage and went back to back with Luke as she sung the next few lines before turning to face him and walk backwards across the front of the stage Luke following. I can justify all the mistakes in my life It's taught me to be, it's givin' me And I'll survive 'Cause I have blessed myself. Once again the cheer from the crowd blew Katie away and it got even louder when she locked lips with Luke. Minutes later Luke was in conversation with his dad while Angela and Katie watched on. \"Is he mad?\" asked Katie. \"Nah but we have to go to the studio tomorrow to start you album,\" smiled Luke. \"Are you kidding me?\" asked Katie. \"No,\" said Luke. Seriously I love you,\" said Katie grabbing him and kissing him. \"We're writing together though,\" said Katie. \"Always,\" whispered Luke, as they headed over to their friends to share the good news. The celebrations lasted long into the night. Review Please. Gabriella Somerfield[Chapter 2] Eavesdropping This chapter is not edited properly as my beta has had exams before and now has problems with her computer however it is being posted as I've left everything un updated or un posted for too many months due to my beta's exams and me being to worked up about new stories. Eavesdropping \"Your lyrics stick but Guy's right you've got chops get changed and come on,\" said Gail leaving. Katie quickly changed into a pair a black skinny jeans and grey top and slipped on some pumps before following Gail up to the house. She grabbed her phone that rest on the table in the hall and sent Luke a quick text. Gail is up to something and I think she is about to kick you out so if she does grab me or wait in the hall if you don't have chance to do that. I need a witness. Katie. Minutes later Katie was right, Gail did thrown Luke out and she was up to something. But when Gail explained the plan to Bev and Katie. The explanation recorded on Luke's phone. Bev wasn't convinced Katie could sing. So Katie turned on the music channel video leading the others to believe she was about to sing along. This however was not the case a song that Katie knew in her sleep came on and she headed to the door her phone beeping. Date Luke xx \"Wait aren't you going to sing?\" asked Bev. \"No that's me on the TV I'm going out,\" said Katie. \"Who said you could?\" asked Gail. \"I take charge of my own life,\" said Katie. \"Why you can say goodbye to that money your fool daddy left you,\" smirked Gail. \"That's ok,\" came a voice and she saw Luke come round the corner. \"Because Katie is going to make millions with her carer.\" \"You're still here,\" said Bev. \"Katie asked me to stay,\" said Luke. \"No she didn't,\" frowned Bev. \"Yes I did,\" smiled Katie, waving her phone. \"You have his number,\" whispered Bev. \"Of course I do he's my producer,\" said Katie. \"And my boyfriend.\" Gail knew her plan was well and truly scuppered. \"Where are you going?\" asked Gail. \"You don't run my life,\" said Katie. \"But date if you would like to know.\" \"Where?\" asked Gail. \"I don't know,\" said Katie, looking to Luke. \"A drive and see where it takes us,\" said Luke, grabbing Katie's hand and pulling her along. \"Plus he's staying over so tell Victor to stay out of my room,\" said Katie, as she disappeared. \"Have you eaten?\" Bev and Gail heard Luke asked as they walked out of the front door. Review Please Gabriella Somerfield[Chapter 3] Your man This chapter is not edited properly as my beta has had exams before and now has problems with her computer however it is being posted as I've left everything un updated or un posted for too many months due to my beta's exams and me being to worked up about new stories. Your man \"Katie new task crushing disappointment. Your going to write a song for Bev for to say she wrote for Luke,\" said Gail \"What about a song about what a great kisser Luke is?\" asked Bev. \"We can't just write him song a he wants to write it with you. Besides hunny you know nothing about music,\" said Gail. \"I'm sorry Katie but Bev is going to need help keeping your man,\" said Gail. \"And why would Bev be keeping me if I'm Katie's man?\" asked a voice. They turned to see Luke. \"Mum meant my man Katie is really good at relationship advice,\" said Bev. \"Especially when I'm Katie's man to begin with,\" said Luke wrapping his arms around Katie. \"If Bev can sing why does she know nothing about music and why does she need Katie to write a song?\" \"She writes better songs than me she just has a way with words,\" said Bev. \"Your both idiots,\" said Katie suddenly. \"Excuse me,\" said Gail and Bev. \"Luke just said we're dating,\" said Katie. \"You were joking right?\" asked Bev. \"Nope,\" said Luke. \"Her?\" asked Gail. \"Yes she is beautiful and talent which I know you know cuz you stole her song,\" said Luke. \"What are you doing here?\" asked Katie, with a smile. \"We need to get those songs done for your album,\" said Luke. Gail and Bev storm inside. \"Shall we?\" asked Luke. \"We shall,\" said Katie, following him in. Review Please Gabriella Somerfield[Chapter 4] Stolen Record What if Katie was recording with Luke? How would it change the story? This chapter is not edited properly as my beta has had exams before and now has problems with her computer however it is being posted as I've left everything un updated or un posted for too many months due to my beta's exams and me being to worked up about new stories. One Shot \"That's Katie, the girl I was telling you about,\" said Luke. \"Go I'll hold these two up,\" said Mickey. Luke dashed though the door, down the corridor and stepped quietly into the studio. He edged in until he could see who was in recording studio, blonde hair, blue dress. Bev, he grinned they had stolen Katie's song and he was about to put an dent in their plans. Bev turned and smiled and continued to lip sync. Gail waved and Katie stood up. Her face fell when she saw Luke grinning at Bev. Her prouder, her boyfriend was grinning at Bev, she walked and sat on a stool distraught. Gail stooped the track and Bev came out. \"I hope I'm not interrupting,\" said Luke. \"Oh no interrupt away,\" smiled Gail. \"My girls gunna get signed and Katie can go away,\" she thought. \"That's a great song,\" said Luke. \"Thank you,\" said Bev. \"I wrote it.\" \"Really,\" thought Luke. He glanced over at Katie and pulled a CD case out of his pocket. \"What's that?\" asked Bev, gesturing to the CD in his hand. Katie glanced up and saw the CD. She couldn't see the front but she knew the design on the back. That was her CD. The one that she had produce with Luke. She stood up. \"Oh just a CD,\" shrugged Luke. \"It was just digging into my side.\" Luke could see Katie moving towards him, Bev was none the wiser and Gail was coming to stop Katie. But Katie got to Luke before Gail could get to Katie. Wordlessly he handed her the CD and looked at her with a proud smile as she flipped it over and back, read the inside and the insert. Her face broke into a smile. \"I did it,\" she whispered and looked up at Luke who was still smiling. She threw her arms around his neck and his locked around her waist before he captured her lips in a brief kiss. Bev and Gail looked on in horror. Gail already had Bev signed up to Kengiston and married to Luke in her head. \"TV in here?\" asked Luke. Katie nodded and pointed. He grinned and headed over to it flipping it on before flipping to the music channel just as Katie's music video debut at number 2 in the charts. The music filled the room and Katie walked over staring in awe. Mickey came in and Gail and Bev realized what was happening. Katie was an artist with Kengiston Records. Bev couldn't sing in the talent show. The video finished and Luke turned off the TV and turned to them. \"You got some mad skills,\" said Mickey, hugging Katie. \"Hey hands off my girl,\" smiled Luke. \"You produced that,\" said Mickey. \"I did,\" said Luke. \"I'm sure you realized by now that Katie has a record contract with Kengiston Records and that you cannot use her song for Bev. Because Bev can't sing and Kengiston will sue if you do,\" said Luke. \"Plus this CD is being released tomorrow so hopefully by hmm next week everyone will know who Katie is.\" \"Your father said you were producing a CD with a Kacey,\" said Gail. \"Guy's bad with names,\" said Katie. \"Actually he did it on purpose,\" said Luke. \"How? When? What?\" stuttered Bev. \"Me, Luke producer singer boyfriend girlfriend. Last year. That's how,\" said Katie. Bev sulked and stormed out her mother not far after her. Inside the studio Luke, Katie and Mickey celebrated before Luke introduced Katie to Mickey. \"Mickey this is my girlfriend Katie. Katie this is Mickey,\" said Luke. They shook hands and then Mickey had to get off as he slipped out of the studio he saw the couple lean in again. Katie and Luke locked lips and the world faded away. They had foiled Gail's plans, Katie was a artist in the world and it was just the beginning. Review Please Gabriella Somerfield[Chapter 5] Possibilities I edit this cuz my beta is swapped with college work and I think I've done an ok job but if there are any errors PM me. Possibilities Luke sighed as he pulled up outside the Van Ravensway's home. He didn't want to be there. However Bev, according to his dad had a good voice. Which he knew wasn't true because it was Katie voice. Katie was Luke's girlfriend and artist. He didn't know what hold Bev and Gail had over Katie but he was determined to find out. After a firing a text to Katie saying he wanted to hang out later that night, he rang the doorbell to the house - ready for a couple of hours of writing music and not letting Bev close to him. Victor answered the door and after Luke had taught him some chords on the guitar he ran off to find Bev. However as soon as Victor had found Bev, she had grabbed Katie and forced her to give her some lyrics and when Katie gave her just a line shoved her in Victor's room and got themselves hooked up with technology. Katie smiled as Bev headed into the room with Luke. She could expose Bev. Bev didn't know about her and Luke and if Katie gave Bev lyrics to a song that Katie and Luke had written at the beginning of their relationship - two years ago- then Luke would know it was all a scam. \"Ok so you got any lyrics?\" asked Luke. \"Don't break my heart before I give it you,\" smiled Bev. Luke nodded and repeated it furrowing his brow. Katie smiled he was recognizing it. \"Don't tell me no before I ask you too,\" continued Bev. A tune came into Luke's head and he started to play as Bev continued. \"Don't say it doesn't fit before you try it on.\" Luke sang that line and looked to Bev for the next one. \"There's so much to lose. I mean too much to lose to be wrong,\" smiled Bev. Luke played the lyrics though is his head and then it dawned on him. This was the song he and Katie wrote at the beginning of their relationship. If Bev was telling him those lyrics that meant Katie was in this house feeding them to her. Drawing on that Luke started to play the song willingly Katie to come out. Don't break my heart before I give it to you Don't tell me no before I ask you to Don't say it doesn't fit before you try it on There's too much to lose to be wrong And it feels like there's something here But I wanna see it before it disappears And if there's something real between me and you Well are we both open to All these possibilities So many little possibilities Right in front of us Close enough to touch And far enough to have some time to see Victor look at Katie to see her looking heartbroken as Luke played her song to Bev. \"You love him,\" he whispered. \"Huh,\" said Katie. \"Course I do he's my boyfriend.\" \"Go get him,\" Victor encouraged, with a smile. \"He's a cool guy.\" \"He sure is,\" smiled Katie, as she headed out. Downstairs Luke had stopped and Bev was leaning in. \"Can I have some water?\" asked Luke, leaning away from her. \"Sure,\" nodded Bev, before she slipped off the bed and headed to the kitchen. As she was in the kitchen she heard Luke started playing and singing again. She headed back to the lounge to find Katie snuggled up to Luke and Luke looking at her lovingly. She watched for the rest of the song. All these possibilities Oh these possibilities Are written in the stars We are who we are baby And I can't help but think that possibly There's possibility Don't give me hope if there's nothing to this Don't let me in if you're not there What I'm feeling doesn't happen every day So baby please play me fair And it feels like there's something more Than those crazy little crushes I've felt before When you move in closer I can feel the rush And now we're so close we can touch All these possibilities So many little possibilities Right in front of us Close enough to touch And far enough to have some time to see All these possibilities Oh these possibilities Are written in the stars We are who we are baby And I can't help but think that possibly There's possibility The moment didn't end there because at the end of song Luke captured Katie's lips like Bev had been going to do. Then Luke did something that made Bev's mouth dropped open - he produced a ring from his pocket. \"I was going to give you this later but there's not time like the present,\" smiled Luke. Katie stared at the ring. \"It's a promise that I will always be there for you. Though whatever we go though,\" he explained, as he slid the ring onto Katie's finger. They kissed again and Luke glanced up. \"Oh Bev hi,\" he said. Bev was looking at Katie. \"I see you know my girlfriend Katie,\" said Luke. \"What? Um yeah she lives here,\" stuttered Bev. \"KATIE!\" shouted Gail. Katie froze and started to get up but she was held fast by Luke. \"KATIE!\" shouted Gail, as she stromed into the room. \"WHAT IS GOING ON HERE?\" \"I'll see you later,\" whispered Luke in Katie's ear. \"I'll walk you out,\" she whispered. \"Is that a good idea,\" whispered Luke. \"Nothing she can do,\" whispered Katie, a smile gracing her face. The couple headed out the room. \"What's going on?\" asked Gail. \"Apparently they're dating and it looked serious because he just gave her a promise ring,\" explained Bev, finally setting down the water she had been clutching. With Katie and Luke at the door. \"So I'll see you later?\" asked Luke. \"Course you will,\" smiled Katie. \"Oh yeah it's the launch,\" said Luke. \"Exactly,\" smiled Luke. \"Which is in half an hour.\" \"Shoot um, wait for me?\" asked Katie, a hopeful smile on her face. \"Sure,\" smiled Luke. However he was confused when Katie opened the front door and shot across the lawn to the summer house. Then he dawned on him Katie lived there. He turned to find Bev and Gail watching him. \"Question,\" he said. \"Why is Katie writing songs for you and why are you using her voice?\" \"That's two questions,\" said Gail, avoiding answering. \"Oh I'm not good with words,\" smiled Bev. \"Her voice?\" asked Luke. \"You have no proof,\" said Gail. \"Yes I do. Do you really not think I haven't heard Katie's voice?\" asked Luke. \"As I'm sure you've released I'm her boyfriend have been for two years. Do you really not think I won't have heard her voice?\" \"She wants me to use it. She doesn't want to go on stage but she wants to sing,\" lied Bev. \"Oh that's funny and not true because I'm her producer and her debut album is being launched at Kengiston today,\" said Luke. Katie came back and took in the expressions on everyone's faces. \"What did I miss?\" she asked. \"They know,\" said Luke. \"They know?\" asked Katie. \"As in they know.\" \"As in I just told them because they were exploiting your voice and we could sue,\" smiled Luke. \"Can we?\" asked Katie. \"We can,\" answered Luke. \"So launch?\" asked Katie with a smile, as she headed out of the door. \"Launch,\" smiled Luke, heading out after her. Review Please Gabriella Somerfield[Chapter 6] Dinner \"I've got rings on my finger and glitter in my hair. One way ticket and I just got here. I'm gunna run this town, run this town.\" Luke's ears pricked up. Katie, his Katie - in this house, singing in this house. Singing her debut single. \"Katie drinks please!\" shouted Gail. The singing stopped and Katie came out with a tray of drinks. Luke's mouth dropped open – why was she here, acting like a servant. His Katie was being treated like a maid. He knew she lived with her step mother but he didn't know she was treated like this. He opened his mouth, Katie looked at him shook her head and shoot him a look that just said don't. He shut his mouth. \"I've got rings on my finger and glitter in my hair. One way ticket and I just got here. I'm gunna run this town, run this town.\" The singing rang out from the kitchen again. \"Katie stop that infernal racket!\" shirked Gail. \"Excuse me where is the toilet?\" asked Luke. Once getting directions, very thankful they seemed to be in the same direction as the kitchen. Luke headed that way and slipped into the kitchen to see Katie with her back to him. He quietly sneaked up behind her. \"Victor don't!\" ordered Katie. He smirked and placed his hands on her waist causing her to jump, hit her head on his chin and then she turned around. \"You're dead in the find you in here,\" whispered Katie. Luke nodded and kissed her. \"Turn the radio on,\" he smiled, before leaving the room and heading back into the dinner. Katie did as he said, turning it down so she could just hear it. On his way back to the dinning room Luke fiddled with his phone so it was loud and Katie's song as his ring tone. He sat down and there was a crash in the kitchen. He grinned to himself. Katie had obviously just heard her single was number one of the week. His thoughts were confirmed moments later when his phone blasted out. \"I've got rings on my finger and glitter in my hair. One way ticket and I just got here. I'm gunna run this town, run this town.\" I'm number one – Katie. The text read. Seconds after it had been sent, Katie came in carrying plates. \"You certainly are,\" mouthed Luke. \"I've got rings on my finger and glitter in my hair. One way ticket and I just got here. I'm gunna run this town, run this town.\" Blasted out of Luke's phone again. \"Sorry it's my dad you don't mind do you?\" asked Luke. \"Oh no hunny you go right ahead,\" smiled Gail, thinking it was something to do with the recorded company and Bev. \"Hey dad,\" smiled Luke, standing up and walking away from the table. Closer to Katie. \"Yeah she's here,\" he answered. \"One second.\" He pulled the phone away from his ear and handed it to Katie. Who stared at it for a moment. \"Hey Mr Morgan,\" she greeted, after she put the phone to her ear. She cringed. \"Sorry hey guy.\" Gail's mouth dropped open how did Katie know Guy. \"Yes I heard it and I heard that,\" smiled Katie. \"Dinner?\" she asked \"Tonight.\" \"No, no I haven't eaten and Luke barley has.\" Katie glanced at Luke, who nodded. \"Yes um here's Luke,\" she said, passing the phone back. \"Where oh The Yacht yeah we'll meet you there Katie's need to change,\" smiled Luke. \"An hour ok.\" Luke hung up. \"Am I to understand this right?\" asked Gail. \"You're having dinner with Guy Morgan?\" Katie nodded. \"Why?\" asked Gail, outraged. \"Because Katie is his newest number one star,\" smiled Luke. \"Plus with her being my girlfriend she's practically family.\" Gail and Bev's mouth's dropped opened and Ravi and Victor looked shocked but smug at the looks of their mother's, sister and bosses faces. \"You need to change,\" said Luke, turning to Katie and taking her hand. Katie nodded and headed out pulling Luke with her. Seconds later she popped her head back around the dinning room door. \"If you try and use any of my songs I'll sue,\" she smiled and then she was gone. Within twenty minutes the four heard a car drive off. Ravi and Victor tucked into their tea and chatted happily while Bev and Gail stormed off in different directions. Review Please Gabriella Somerfield[Chapter 7] Tears Katie watched as Luke sang to Katie. \"You're in love with him,\" whispered Victor. \"He was meant to be taking me out I mean he is its a few weeks,\" stuttered Katie, her eyes filling with tears, as Bev leaned in. Running down the lounge Katie shouted the first thing that came into her head. \"Who wants pie?\" she asked. \"No pie,\" shouted Bev. \"We don't want pie we want privacy. Luke just sang me a beautiful song that you I wrote and we would like privacy.\" Luke furrowed his brow at Bev's slip of the tongue. \"Did you just say you?\" asked Luke. \"What no,\" denied Bev. \"Katie wrote the song. She's the one with the voice,\" he looked up to see Katie still stood there but tears rolling down her face. She looked at Luke nodded and took off. \"Crap,\" he muttered, jumping up. \"Katie!\" he shouted, as he ran after her, leaving Bev sitting dumfounded on the bed. \"There dating,\" said Victor, as he left the room. \"Katie!\" called Luke. Then he heard it the sobbing, he rounded the corner and there she was. \"Katie,\" he whispered. \"She kissed you,\" whispered Katie. \"She did it was awful,\" answered Luke. \"You were still attached to her mouth with no restraints when I came barging in,\" shouted Katie, standing up. \"I swear I didn't kiss her,\" said Luke. \"You are the one who has my heart and the voice and I am an idiot.\" \"I'll be going down.\" Katie watched him walk down the hall and round the corner and her legs thought before her brain and she took off after him. \"Luke!\" she called, stopping him before he got the door. He turned his hand on the door handle. \"You're going to have to make it up to me,\" she whispered. \"I promise you I will,\" smiled Luke, walking towards her. \"Oh you're not kissing me,\" she said, walking backwards until she hit a wall. Luke smiled, wiped his mouth on the back of his t-shirt and kissed her, wiping away her tears as he did so. Review Please Gabriella Somerfield[Chapter 8] Exposed The doorbell rang and once again it was up to Katie to get it. However for once Bev beat her to it. When it opened Katie saw why and then Gail came into the background to find out what was going on. Even Victor crept to the bottom of the stairs to see. \"Hey,\" said Luke, in Katie's direction. She smiled but Bev replied \"Hey.\" \"I was talking to Katie I have something to discuss with her,\" said Luke holding up the CD in his hand. Forgetting Gail and Bev, Katie came running over. \"Is that?\" asked Katie grabbing it off Luke. \"Released today,\" smiled Luke \"And flying of the racks,\" \"Excuse me what is going on here?\" asked Gail \"Oh sorry I'm Katie's producer and boyfriend,\" said Luke \"What?\" asked Bev \"In other words I know Katie can sing and you can't. I know it's her voice recorded in there and not yours because it's on her CD,\" said Luke holding up the case in his hand \"I know that I can sue you for what you've tired to do,\" said Luke \"Katie can't have a CD,\" said Gail \"She can and she has. It already sold 5 million copies all over the world,\" said Luke \"Well . . . that . . . that's just impossible!\" Gail seemed furious. \"It is very possible,\" Luke retorted. \"In fact, it's happening right now.\" Bev let out a little scream and fled to her room. Victor smirked at his mother from where he was standing at the bottom of the stairs. Katie hugged Luke all the harder, and felt more than heard him laugh as he wrapped his free arm around her. He nuzzled the top of her head with his forehead, slightly mussing her hair. \"Mickey and Angela are waiting in the car. We wanted to listen to and celebrate the CD with you,\" he said. Katie laughed. \"I like that idea.\" She knew there'd be hell to pay from Bev and Gail tomorrow, but tonight, she was going to enjoy herself. Review Please Gabriella Somerfield and musicalgirl4474[Chapter 9] See Though Veil \"Now take of that veil,\" smiled Luke. Katie shook her head. \"Katie,\" said Luke. Katie froze and then continued to sing. Luke knew he had his girl. He grinned, he knew he was right and he knew she knew he knew. She kept playing she knew the veil didn't really cover up who she was. He reached out his hand and stopped her. She stared and watched him reach up to un tie her veil. \"Knew it was you,\" he whispered. \"Katie!\" called a voice. They jumped back. \"Your friend blew your cover anyway,\" smiled Luke. \"Someone had an accident and went home,\" said Angela. \"Shoot if I'm not back before her Gail is going to skin me alive,\" answered Katie. She turned to Luke. \"Sorry I have to go,\" she said. He leaned forward and kissed her. \"I know who you are now,\" he whispered. He watched her run of into the night. Review Please Gabriella Somerfield[Chapter 10] Sounds Like Money Katie grabbed the door it closed and it helped that Luke kicked it before he was pulled away. \"That's my phone!\" exclaimed Katie. Gail took no notice as she started to speak to Guy. Katie quickly realized what was going on and grabbed it off her. Only to have Luke grab it off her. He winked and walked off talking to his dad. \"Dad I can assure it that is Katie on the CD not Bev I have heard her sing personally myself. Katie is an amazing singer,\" said Luke, as he walked down the hall. \"Luke!\" Katie shouted, going after him. \"Where'd Luke go?\" asked Bev. \"I think our plan for fame and fortunate just died,\" said Gail. \"Guy phoned her. I got the phone. She grabbed it and Luke grabbed it off her.\" Luke closed the phone, turned and grinned at Katie. \"Dad says your demo sounds like money. He's going straight to the studio and he wants us to met him here,\" grinned Luke. \"Oh my are you serious?\" asked Katie. Luke nodded and Katie leaned forward and kissed him. They stayed until Luke's phone beeped and they rushed to the studio. After Katie got dressed of course. Review Please Gabriella Somerfield[Chapter 11] Why? Luke watched from the side of the stage. Something was wrong, Katie wasn't needed at the side of the stage. A stage technician could of pressed play on the Ipod. But when the music stopped and Gail dragged Katie backstage with a microphone Luke knew something fishy was going on. Then when he walked backstage Katie was there posed to sing and it all fell into place. Of course he recognized Bev's singing because it was Katie's singing. \"No, no, no you've gotta get out of here now,\" she stuttered. \"You're about to sing for Bev why are you about to sing for Bev?\" asked Luke. \"She can't,\" answered Katie. \"It was your voice the whole time? Bev never sang at all?\" asked Luke. \"God I've been so stupid why wouldn't I recognize my girlfriend's voice?\" \"Oh so I'm still your girlfriend?\" asked Katie. \"I've been an idiot,\" sighed Luke. \"Yeah you have and now Bev is about to not sing for a whole bunch of people,\" said Katie. \"So.\" \"So let's expose them,\" said Luke. \"We graduate soon and we can put out your album.\" \"Well I'm sure we'll have to see what your dad thinks to that,\" answered Katie. \"He loves your voice,\" answered Luke. \"Ok then let's do this but I'm gunna need a lawyer Gail's trying to steal the money my father left me,\" said Katie. \"You're already going to need a lawyer. Remember your album is technically already made and at the studio. I just need dad's approval on it,\" said Luke. \"So we can sue.\" Katie poke her head out of the curtain, glanced to Bev and began to sing. Luke headed round the side of the stage. He grabbed a camera and ran back to Katie. And as she sang exposed he pushed her onto stage before heading back to the side to keep filming. Katie walked confidently to the front of stage but slightly scared. Bev ran off embarrassed, Gail was fuming and Katie finished her song with confidence. Why she had listened to Gail in the first place she didn't know. She should have just gone to Luke. Review Please Gabriella Somerfield[Chapter 12] Welcome Mat \"Katie are you were a door mat?\" asked Luke, as he walked up the drive. \"Luke!\" she exclaimed, jumping and turning around while trying to keep the door mat from falling or rising. \"Did Victor steal your clothes while you were in the shower or something and lock you out?\" asked Luke. Katie nodded. \"Um yeah he stole my clothes, then when I went looking for my clothes he pushed me outside and pulled my towel away.\" \"Oh so your um,\" muttered Luke. \"Yeah he locked me outside naked,\" said Katie. \"His fault I was in there in first place the rascal pelted me with mustard and ketchup.\" \"Cold tonight huh,\" said Luke. \"You have clothes on,\" said Katie. \"Oh yeah here take my jacket,\" said Luke. \"Thanks,\" she said, as he draped it over her shoulders. \"Now the pants.\" His hands went to his pants but he glanced at her and could see her grinning. \"Now I know your joking,\" he said. \"So how's your dad?\" she asked. \"Still complicated,\" answered Luke. \"As complicated as this?\" asked Katie, waving a hand at herself. \"No that is a gift from god,\" answered Luke. \"So you snuck your record into my dad's bag,\" said Luke. \"You saw that?\" asked Katie. Luke nodded. \"So did he. You got your phone on you?\" \"Yeah,\" she answered. \"It fell out of my jeans pocket with Victor grabbed them,\" answered Katie. \"Good because if it was inside you'd be in real trouble,\" answered Luke. Katie opened her mouth to speak when her phone rang. \"Hello,\" she said. \"Guy Morgan here,\" said Guy. \"I have spare clothes in my car,\" mouthed Luke. Katie nodded and followed him down to his car as she spoke to Guy. He wanted to meet her at his studio after school the next day. They arranged a time and she hung up. \"I'm meeting your dad tomorrow,\" she said. \"Well you get into the clothes behind the car and then do you want to go for a drive?\" he asked. \"Yeah I'd love to,\" answered Katie. She crouched behind the car. Luke saw his jacket appear over the car. \"Luke could you put the welcome mat back while I finish getting dressed because I know your watching even though you seen it all before,\" said Katie, handing him the door mat. \"I've been running around out here naked for the past hour. I don't have much modesty left.\" Luke headed back to the front door with the mat and when he turned back Katie was sat in his car. He couldn't resist ringing the doorbell and as he got in his car Bev opened the door. \"Did you ring the doorbell?\" Katie asked. \"Luke!\" shouted Bev. \"Yeah I did,\" answered Luke. \"Sorry.\" \"Sorry Bev something came up!\" he called, before he started the engine. \"Is that Katie?\" asked Bev. \"Bye Bev,\" shouted Katie, as they drove off. Bev closed the door with a loud slam. \"Who was at the door?\" asked Gail. \"Luke he just drove of with Katie,\" answered Bev. \"She just stole my boyfriend.\" The next day at school. Katie had meant Guy the previous night – as Luke's girlfriend and they had talked about her music as well. Then she had stayed there, leaving Gail and Bev to fend for themselves. \"You stole my boyfriend!\" shouted Bev, storming up to Katie. Katie was stood in Luke's arms and with Angela and Mickey as the night before had been re-accounted. \"Excuse me?\" she asked. \"You stole my boyfriend,\" said Bev, gesturing to Luke. \"I think you mean you tried to steal my boyfriend,\" answered Katie. \"He just got here. It was me he was coming to see that last night,\" answered Bev, smugly. \"But it's me he's been dating for the past three years,\" answered Katie. \"Remember when your mom sent me away to that summer camp? Yeah I meant him there.\" Bev scrunched up her nose and stromed off. \"She's going to be even more pissed when she finds out that your Kengiston's new artist,\" said Luke. \"I'll deal with it,\" smiled Katie. Review Please Gabriella Somerfield[Chapter 13] The Right Moment What if Luke walked in when Katie was still in the booth? \"That's her that's her voice,\" said Luke. \"Go,\" said Mickey. Luke took off though the door but Bev and Gail were to slow with the switch over. If they heard footsteps they were going to switch Katie with Bev. But they never heard Luke coming until the door opened. \"Oh this is a closed session,\" said Gail. \"Katie was just trying out the record of Bev's song.\" Luke glanced at Katie and then stopped and studied her face – she was the girl from the dance. \"That isn't a recording. That's live,\" said Luke. \"I do produce music.\" \"Don't take one step Katie,\" ordered Gail. \"Or what you'll try and take my inheritance away from me?\" asked Katie. \"Your fool daddy had no right to leave that to you. I was his wife,\" answered Gail. \"If I have a medical emergency I can get that money.\" \"You were his second wife and he didn't love you as much as he loved my mother,\" answered Katie. \"Longer legs isn't a medical emergency.\" \"Katie,\" said Luke, she turned to him. \"I'd like to talk producing with you. That demo you gave my dad was really good.\" \"Thank you,\" answered Katie. \"Will you walk with me?\" he asked, offering his arm. She nodded, grabbed her bag and slipped her arm though his and they walked out of the studio. \"Thank you,\" she said. \"What for?\" he asked. \"You walked in at totally the right moment. Those two were so busy arguing about how my song for Bev should sound that they didn't hear you coming,\" said Katie. \"At least it was you and not some spineless kid she could have blackmailed.\" \"Well I would have hoped I could recognize you from the dance. You know I could see you though the veil,\" answered Luke. \"And your dark hair showed as well. So I would have disregarded Bev in a heartbeat.\" \"So you would have turned to me even if Bev was in the booth?\" asked Katie. \"Yeah you have a dark hair and I recognize your facial structure,\" answered Luke. \"What about Gail?\" asked Katie. \"Let Kensington lawyers deal with her,\" answered Luke. \"So producing?\" asked Katie. \"Yeah why don't we talk about it over dinner?\" asked Luke. Katie stopped and stared at him. \"Like a um dinner yeah.\" \"Like a date?\" he asked. \"Yeah a date. 7?\" \"Sure,\" answered Katie. \"Great I'll pick you from the wicked witch's house,\" said Luke. \"Actually I'm in the summer house at the bottom of the garden,\" answered Katie. Luke nodded. \"So you don't spend much time in the house?\" he asked. \"Not unless I'm cooking, cleaning or looking after Victor,\" answered Katie. \"So you're her maid?\" asked Luke. \"Yeah pretty much but I don't wear one of those little maid outfits,\" answered Katie. \"Well I've already seen you in a door mat,\" answered Luke. \"Yeah don't bring that up ever again,\" answered Katie. \"Done. So tell me more about yourself,\" answered Luke. They spent the rest of lunch walking around just talking. That evening Luke picked her up for their first date. The first of many in hoped. Within a week she was signed to Kensington. Review Please Gabriella Somerfield[Chapter 14] Walk In \"This better work because if I go down you're going down with me,\" said Bev, walking out. \"Want to tell me what that was about?\" asked a voice. Katie face palmed into her hand she had forgotten Luke was hiding in her bed. They'd heard the gate and he raced up the ladders while Katie went back to the laundry. \"Um,\" she answered. \"She's not really singing?\" asked Luke. \"What's going on Katie?\" he asked. She headed up the stairs not remembering Bev hadn't picked up her blue blouse. \"Gail is blackmailing me. Your dad phoned me about my demo that I snuck to him in the meeting. But my phone was inside and I was locked outside. My dad left me some money and if I don't give Bev my voice Gail is going to take it all away from me and stop Ang from getting into Julliard. I don't have a choice,\" answered Katie. Neither heard Bev come back in, during Katie's explanation. \"Katie you're already an artist. They can't do that to you or Angela we can sue,\" answered Luke. \"Your CD is out in the UK and Europe and they love it and here too.\" \"Really?\" asked Katie. \"Yes they love it as much as I love you,\" answered Luke, as he leant in to kiss her. \"Love you too,\" she whispered, leaning in to meet his kiss. A door slamming shut made them jump apart. \"Bev,\" whispered Katie. \"Who cares they can't touch you,\" said Luke. Bev stormed back into the house fuming, dressed and then smirked. \"Mom!\" she shouted, bursting into her mom's room. \"Oh not now hunny I'm meditating,\" said Gail. \"Katie's told Luke,\" said Bev. \"How do you know?\" asked Gail, standing up. \"I went get my blouse I couldn't see them but I could hear them talking so I guessing he was in her bed or up there. She told him everything I think I only heard half of her explanation to him. But I did hear him say she's already an artist and they love in the UK and Europe and here and that he loves her,\" answered Bev. \"We still have the money aspect,\" answered Gail. \"And Angela.\" \"Oh that was the other thing they can sue if we stop her getting her money or Angela getting into Julliard. We have no hold on her anymore she'll make millions with her voice,\" said Bev. \"We're finished mum.\" \"Well we'll just see about that,\" said Gail. \"Go listen if you don't believe me,\" answered Bev. \"God I'm an idiot I should have recognized your voice,\" said Luke. \"It's ok,\" answered Katie. \"No it's not I'll make it up to you,\" answered Luke. \"Right now I need to phone dad so we can get our lawyers on the case.\" \"Kingston lawyers?\" asked Katie. \"No the Morgan one's,\" answered Luke. \"You're my girlfriend dad thinks of you as practically family.\" \"Really?\" asked Katie. \"Yeah,\" answered Luke. Gail and Bev snuck out. \"See,\" said Bev. \"Give it up mum.\" The pair headed back to the house. Gail now knowing she had lost. Review Please Gabriella Somerfield[Chapter 15] The Dance \"I know your secret,\" said Katie. \"Which secret is that?\" asked Luke, smiling. \"I heard you sing at school,\" said Katie. \"You've heard me sing in a lot of places Katie,\" answered Luke. \"Huh?\" she asked. \"Come on I'm your boyfriend you really like I wouldn't recognise your profile or your voice?\" asked Luke. \"I'm not as stupid as Gail. Who might not be as stupid as we think she's coming this way.\" Angela stepped in front of Gail, distracting her attention and Luke grabbed Katie's arm and pulled her out of the hall. \"So aren't you meant to be on Victor watch tonight?\" asked Luke. \"Ravi is doing it for me. You know he's actually called Tony half Indian half Italian and from New Jersey,\" said Katie. \"So he's lying?\" asked Luke. \"He's acting. Merging into a character or something apparently it's good training,\" answered Katie. \"So he's an Indian guru who used to work at KFC.\" \"Well he hates Gail as much as we do so I guess he's on our side,\" answered Luke. \"So you heard me sing in school?\" \"Um yeah I was in the studio with Angela and then you came in and we hid in the recording booth,\" answered Katie. \"So why didn't you just come out?\" asked Luke. \"No one knows I sing, I didn't know who it was and I have to keep it a secret. Anyway that's not important I wrote an answer to your song,\" she said. \"You wanna hear it?\" \"I would love to after you tell me why you have to keep your singing a secret,\" answered Luke. \"Gail and Bev want to get Bev a recording contract. When I was outside in a doormat with you, your father phoned me. Gail answered and told him I stolen Bev's demo so I'm being blackmailed into giving Bev my voice I don't have a choice,\" she said. \"You always have a choice,\" said Luke. \"When my dad died he left me a lot of money I can't access it till I'm twenty one but if needed in a medical emergency Gail can. She holds the cards and she can stop Ang from getting into Julliard,\" said Katie. \"So I don't have a choice.\" Luke stopped her. \"Of course you still have a choice. It's called me, my dad and our lawyers,\" answered Luke. \"Now take off your veil.\" Katie grinned and when she didn't immediately raise her hands to untie the veil Luke acted untying the veil and letting it flutter to the ground as he claimed Katie's lips. Her body crushed into the ivy on the pillars. \"Katie!\" called a voice. Wrapped up in her couple bubble with Luke. All her senses where directed on him and she never heard Angela approached until she said her name right next to them. \"Katie!\" Luke and Katie pulled apart breathing hard. \"Ang don't sneak up on people like that,\" answered Katie. \"Someone had an accident and went home,\" answered Angela. \"Oh crap I gotta go,\" said Katie. \"I'll take you,\" said Luke. \"Yeah no more secrets,\" answered Katie. \"Ang Luke's going to take me home.\" \"We've got a couple of wicked witches to knock into place,\" smiled Luke. \"But we need to go now,\" said Katie. With a goodbye Luke and Katie raced off to the car park. When they got to Katie's she knew she wouldn't have beaten Gail. \"Do you know I'm actually really scared right now,\" said Katie. Luke smiled and kissed her. \"I'm getting my dad on the line,\" he said. With a quick explanation to Guy and his promise to stay on the line and record. Luke and Katie hurried to the summer house. Katie went in and Luke recorded from a crack in the doorway. \"Interesting babysitting attrite. I should have known you'd go behind my back again. And that Paula Abdul wanna be trying to distract me,\" said Gail. \"Don't talk about her like that,\" said Katie. \"She's wants to be a chorographer if memory serves right. Shame she just got herself expelled,\" said Gail. \"Guess she can kiss Julliard goodbye.\" \"I'll do whatever you want just leave Ang out of this,\" said Katie. \"That depends if you pull another stunt like tonight sugar,\" said Gail. \"I won't I promise,\" said Katie. \"Luke,\" said Guy. \"I know you can't answer I've heard enough of this go in there and tell Gail I want a meeting with her first thing in the morning.\" Guy hung up and Luke stood up. \"I'll be taking this,\" said Gail. \"How am I meant to practice?\" asked Katie. The door opened. \"Miss Van Ravensway my dad wants a meeting with you first thing,\" said Luke. \"What are you doing down here?\" asked Gail. \"I went looking for you at the house. Dad couldn't get though on the phone and sent me. I was told you were down here,\" answered Luke. \"Well tell your father I'll see him first thing,\" said Gail, taking Katie's guitar and going up to the house. \"I'm going to move my car,\" mouthed Luke. Katie nodded and shut the door. Within minutes Luke was back. \"I have clothes here right?\" asked Luke, dropping his school bag by the door. \"Yeah,\" said Katie. \"Come on we've got a big morning tomorrow we'd better get some sleep,\" said Luke. Katie reached up to take the head scarf off. \"Oh wait a minute I want a photo of you in that. You look gorgeous,\" he said. \"Thank you,\" she said. The photo was taken and the head scarf came off and then with her brown hair flowing round her shoulders he took another photo. \"Ok I will pop outside while you get dressed,\" said Luke. \"Luke we've dating three years and from six months ago you've seen it all. I don't care if I change in front of you,\" said Katie. Next morning. \"I'll see you at school ok,\" said Luke, as he and Katie sat having an early breakfast in her little wooden house. She nodded, head down. He reached out a hand and raised it up. \"Hey you've got nothing to loose,\" said Luke. \"I've gotta go.\" \"I'll see you in the meeting,\" said Katie. Luke snuck of the premises and headed home. While Katie went up to the house to make sure Victor was up. \"Katie I want you taking notes in that meeting this morning,\" said Gail. Katie nodded and made her coffee. \"Bev. I want you in there as well,\" said Gail. \"Why would I want to be in one of your boring meetings?\" asked Bev. \"With Guy Morgan,\" answered Gail. \"Yeah sure I'll be there,\" said Bev. \"It's first thing we need to go now,\" said Gail. Approaching the office Katie felt like a bag of nerves. Luke was sat outside with his father. \"I won't be a moment Guy,\" said Gail, as she and Bev headed into the office. Katie stopped to grab a notebook and pen and sank into a chair to collect herself. Then she felt hands on her knees and looked up to see Luke crouching in front of her. \"You're going to be amazing in there,\" said Luke. \"This is Mr Graham Huntington our and now your family lawyer,\" said Guy. \"Nice to meet you,\" said Katie. \"You'd better get in there,\" whispered Luke. Katie headed into the office. \"Did I say you could come in?\" asked Gail. \"Sorry I just wanted to see if you were ready to see them?\" asked Katie. \"No five minutes,\" answered Gail. Katie headed back out. \"Miss Van Ravensway will see you soon,\" said Katie. Luke grabbed her hand and tugged her into his lap, rubbing her back soothingly. \"I'm going to snap,\" she said. \"Hold it together,\" he whispered. \"Katie!\" shouted Gail. She headed into the office. \"I'm ready now,\" said Gail. Katie headed out but Luke, Guy and Graham were stood ready. Luke squeezed Katie's hand as he walked past and she settled against the wall to take notes. Gagging to herself as Bev tried to snuggle up to her boyfriend. \"Now Guy what can I do for you this morning?\" asked Gail. \"Nothing much really just a little thing Luke has brought to my attention,\" said Guy, pulling out his phone. Katie held her breath as the recording played. She was so dead. \"Where did you get that?\" asked Gail. \"I recorded outside Katie's house last night,\" said Luke. \"While I was on the phone to my dad.\" \"I also recorded it over the phone,\" said Guy. \"This is Graham Huntington our lawyer.\" \"Katie told me everything at the dance last night. It took a while to get the story out of when she said it was a secret that she was singing but I eventually got it out of her,\" said Luke. \"You can't threaten a minor,\" said Graham. \"You can't threaten another students' education and you can't access Katie's funds for anything.\" \"If I have a medical emergency I can,\" said Gail. \"Not anymore Gail,\" said Guy. \"Katie's funds have been transferred to a new account at my bank and are deadlocked in my name.\" \"Why would they be deadlocked in your name?\" asked Gail. \"And why would Katie tell you anything?\" asked Bev. \"Because I'm his girlfriend,\" answered Katie, pushing away from the wall. \"It's deadlocked in my name because of that. I have no doubt that Katie will become part of the family one day,\" said Guy. \"I might pay more interest to my business then my son sometimes but my family is important to me I look after them Katie is part of our family now.\" \"So you'll be hearing from our lawyers soon let's try and settle this out of court,\" said Luke. \"You'll also be hearing Katie on the radio as well.\" \"What?\" asked Katie. \"Oh I signed you,\" said Guy, as he stood up. \"Your demo is out today.\" \"Ok,\" said Katie. \"I'll be having Katie moved out this week,\" said Guy. With that Guy and Graham walked out as did Luke who grabbed Katie's hand and pulled her with him. \"What just happened?\" asked Bev. \"We lost. We need to get good lawyers,\" said Gail. \"I will die before I go back to my daddy's farm.\" With Katie and Luke. \"I'll see you both at home later,\" said Guy, as he got into his limo. \"Put that Angela girl in touch with Graham as well.\" The limo drove off as Angela ran up. \"So how did it go?\" she asked. \"We're all free,\" said Luke. \"Well you two are free.\" Angela looked confused. \"After last night Gail was going to expel you and make you kiss your Julliard dreams goodbye,\" explained Katie. \"Katie was going to do anything to stop it,\" said Luke. \"Now however you need to get in touch with our lawyer and he'll tell you want to do. Plus Katie's moving out.\" \"I just worry about Victor,\" said Katie. \"He can handle himself,\" said Luke. \"Well we'd better get to class,\" said Angela, grabbing Katie's arm. \"Yeah,\" said Katie. Luke pulled her back and Angela dropped her grip. \"How would you like a tour of the studio tonight?\" asked Luke. \"Kensington studio's?\" asked Katie. \"Yeah it's your future workplace. We can get started on your album,\" said Luke. \"Thank you,\" said Katie. \"Don't mention it,\" said Luke, pulling her closer and kissing her. \"Love you.\" \"Love you too,\" answered Katie. \"Oh and dad wasn't wrong,\" he said, as the girls started to walk off. \"You will be part of the family one day.\" \"Is that what I think it is?\" asked Katie. \"Not quiet yet,\" answered Luke, before he walked away. \"Luke Morgan basically just proposed to you,\" squealed Angela. \"Katie Morgan doesn't sound half bad,\" Katie mused. \"I'll tell you everything at lunch but we really do need to get to class now.\" Review Please Gabriella Somerfield[Chapter 16] CD Slip Luke watched amused as Katie tried to slip a CD into his dad's bag. He caught her eye and then glanced at the adults seeing they were preoccupied he quickly gestured to the CD and then pointed to himself. Katie nodded and snapped back to work slipping the CD into her notebook. \"You're a singer?\" Luke asked when the meeting had been concluded and he'd managed to ditch Bev. \"Yeah,\" Katie said quietly, looking at Luke nervously. \"I'd like to listen to your demo, if that's okay with you.\" \"Um, sure. We can go into one of the music rooms . . .\" Katie trailed off. Luke smiled. \"Sure. Lead the way.\" Katie smiled to herself and lead the way. A producer, well the son of a producer was going to hear her songs – well song. She entered the studio. Her bag dropped to the floor and she took a deep breath. \"So what's your story?\" asked Luke. \"Huh?\" she asked. \"How did you get to work for Gail?\" he asked. \"My dad married her and died. She got the unfortunate task of looking after me,\" she answered. \"She doesn't like me very much.\" \"So I don't want to listen to your demo,\" he said. \"I want you to sing more me.\" She nodded. \"Sure.\" There's a little secret I would like to tell you There's a book of lies ... I know they'll try to sell you And they'll try, and they'll try To convince you to buy you need 'em So the next time you're down Look inside not around. I can bless myself There's no need for someone's help There's no one to blame There's no one to save you but yourself I can justify all the mistakes in my life It's taught me to be, it's givin' me me And I'll survive 'Cause I have blessed myself. Do you ever wonder How anything can make you cry Have yourself discover That the pain you feel Is the pain that you deny in your life So open up your eyes You can bless yourself There's no need for someone else There's no one to blame There's no one to save you but yourself I can justify all the mistakes in my life It's taught me to be, it's givin' me me And I'll survive 'Cause I have blessed myself. \"Katie I dare say that cd slip is the best thing that's going to happen to you,\" said Luke. \"Really?\" asked Katie. \"Yeah. Your coming to the studio with me after school. Gail and Bev can manage on their own,\" he said. She nodded. Her life was going to change. Review Please Gabriella Somerfield Hi so I know my writing all of my writing has been a bit no a lot lax this year. Apologies. I can state it probably won't get better in the next month (NaNoWriMo). However the day after I post this (24/10/2016) I will have been on fanfic for seven years. Woo so I thought I'd celebrate with a new chapter. So I hope you enjoyed it. ","Summary":" Line Up Change. Luke changes the line up at the showcase. Back Story : Luke and Katie are already d"},{"Movie":"A Goofy Movie","Title":"Goofy Movie","Author":"KatMadison913","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13006828","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1: *No One's POV* A field of wheat gets gently blown by the wind with a sky colored in blue and covered with cotton puff clouds. In a distance, we hear \"Max…\" in a female voice. Max appears close up, gasping at the sound of his name. He's looking for the voice while still confused of where he is. \"Max…..\" it goes again. He squints towards something in the distance. There's a female figure on top of a tall pedestal. Max begins to run towards it through the wheat fields. \"Max…\" Soon at a clearing in the fields, he sees who it is on the pedestal clearly. \"Roxanne?\" he asked, surprised to see her. Roxanne's holding a white dandelion. She smiles to him before gently blowing the seeds towards Max. He gets mesmerized by the seeds. She leaps down from the pedestal and glides down towards him. Max tries to catch her, but they end up falling down on the ground. They giggle for a while before looking at each other. Max sighs dreamily at the sight of her. Roxanne puckers her lips for a kiss, but then suddenly the sky changes to gray and the wheat changes into thorns. She gasps and back away shocked. \"What's wrong?\" Max asked, but it came out mumbling. He looks to see that his teeth has grown huge. Than out of fear, his hands and ears begin to grow as well. Roxanne gasps, crawling away. Soon later, Max has turn into looking just like his father, Goofy. She screams out of terror and Max feels a Goofy laugh coming out. The laugh turns into some kind of howl as lightning flashes behind him. *Max's POV* I gasp out, waking up from the nightmare. Quickly I check myself to see if I'm still like my father, but I wasn't. A sigh of relief appears out of my mouth. The phone rings, startling me. I try to answer it, but it falls down to the floor. \"Hello?\" I answered it, but my voice sounds high pitched. My throat clears and I said again, \"hello?\" \"Max, where the heck are you, man?\" P.J.'s voice came through the other end of the line. \"P.J.?\" I asked, sitting up, confused. \"You should have been here an hour ago!\" \"What? What are you….Hold on.\" My alarm clock says '4:02', my fist hits it and it shows the real time of '7:50'. \"Oh, no!\" \"Look, maybe we should just call the whole thing off!\" P.J. suggested as the phone is still by my ear as I quickly get dressed. \"No way, man!\" I firmly said, putting on my pants. \"It's now or never!\" The cord wraps me around, causing me to fall down. \"Well, you and Viki better get a move on! I'll meet you both at my locker!\" Wait, Viki isn't there?! I finally get untangled to hang up, but my pants fell down. That's the moment when my father, Goofy, open my door while only dressed in towels and has a vacuum cleaner. \"Morning, son!\" he greets with a grin. \"Dad!\" I glared at him and pulling up my pants. \"Oops! I forgot!\" he smiles, closing the door to knock it before coming back in. \"Morning, son! I came to see if you had any….dirty….clothes…\" his voice trails off when he sees my floor covered in dirty clothes. \"Well, there they are!\" I am getting my sweatshirt on in a hurry. \"Help yourself!\" \"Max, I thought we talked about this,\" he says, not happy about it. \"Yea, look, I'm sorry Dad,\" I said under the sweatshirt. \"I'll take care of it later!\" Dad got in my way of what I don't know where I am going. \"What's the big rush?\" he asked, pulling the sweatshirt down. \"I'm running late,\" I answered, fixing it before getting everything I need. \"Well, I could drive you on my way to work,\" he offers, turning on the vacuum to vacuum up the dirty clothing. \"Uh, no thanks,\" I said, getting my backpack on. \"I...uh...I need the exercise,\" I made an excuse. \"Aw, come on, Max!\" Than something catches my attention. Turning back, I get shocked. Dad is vacuuming the Powerline cutout that Viki gave me last year for my birthday. Quickly, we take the cutout of out the vacuum, but it got curled in a couple of places. \"Aw, Dad! You ruined it!\" How am I going to tell her about this? \"Sorry about that,\" he apologizes. \"Who was he, anyway?\" he asked. \"It's only Powerline, Dad,\" I place it back. \"The biggest rock star on the planet,\" I answered it as if it's obvious. \"Oh, not bigger than Xavier Cougat,\" he smiles, thinking about someone from his time. \"The Mambo King! Everyone mambo! Mambo, mambo, mam-bo!\" he dances and got me to dance with him. \"Aw, come on, there's no time for this!\" I try to get out of his dancing. \"What if the neighbors sees us, huh?\" \"Too late!\" a familiar female voice speaks out with a smirk tugging on her lips. Looking at my doorway, there stands my childhood friend and the person who gave me the Powerline cutout, Viktoria Black aka Viki. She's a cat like P.J, but she's shorter than us like to up to my eyes. Long jet black hair falls down to her waist as the peach colored skin stands out of her sleeveless black shirt with a black and red skirt over her black leggings. Viki's shoes matches her outfit perfectly as her backpack is like a book bag that crosses her upper body. \"Come on, Max!\" she smiles, grabbing me with her heavily bracelet hands as her black eyes twinkle like the stars at night.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: *Viki's POV* Max and I are really late for the big plans that Max has planned for at school. Than Mr. Goof came out still wearing the towels calling out for Max, \"Maxie! Wait up!\" we turn to him. \"You forgot your lunch,\" he smiles, giving his son a sack lunch. \"Have a good day you two.\" He kisses Max's cheek, making me smile. A few skateboarders are passing by seeing this and started laughing at it. Max grins back embarrassed and waves before getting serious now. \" They've been laughing since we can remember ,\" Max sings, referring to all the memories we have with them. \" But they're not gonna laugh anymore !\" He tries to open the gate door, but couldn't. \" No more 'Viki the Geek' ,\" I sing as well, sharing the same mood as I follow him going over the gate door. \" No more 'Goofs of the Week' like before !\" I sing, running after Max's misslip over the little kid's marbles. \" No more algebra tests 'til September !\" one of our classmates sings, tearing up her test. Max accidently falls over her legs which her boyfriend sings while getting him off, \" No more looking at losers like them !\" He's referring to us. \" No more having to cheat ,\" another classmate singing, showing his friend the notes on his arm. \" No more mystery meat ,\" his friend sings, stealing Max's lunch. \" No more gym !\" another boy came from nowhere, snapping jockstrap towards another boy. \" No more gym !\" another does the same. \" No more gym !\" \" No more gym !\" I duck at the last more making his land on Max's nose. \" Gonna move to the mall ,\" a popular girl shows her friend all of his cards. \" Gonna live in the pool ,\" a popular boy joins here leaning against a fire hydrant making the popular girl push away her friend. \" Gonna talk to Roxanne and not feel like a fool ,\" Max sings, making the popular boy walk away. She didn't like it and punches his arm for making the popular boy walk away. \"' Cause after today I'm gonna be cruising !\" some more classmates sing together, heading towards school. \" After today she'll be mine !\" Max sings happily while a skateboarder flies over his head. It made me sad that he's thinking about Roxanne instead of me. \" After today my brain will be snoozing !\" I sing happily, knowing that Max is happy. \" If I don't faint, I'll be fine !\" Max scares a wiser woman causing her to faint. \" I've got forty more minutes of Home Economics !\" the twin girls from my Home Economics class sing together, raising up their textbooks. \" Than down with the textbooks ,\" their twin boyfriends sing, throwing away their textbooks! \" And up with the comics ,\" a nerd sings, showing his book up when the twin girls and boys are about to kiss. \" Just think all of the time I've been losing ,\" Max sings, jumping down where the birds fly around at the jump, \" finding the right thing to say !\" \" But things'll be going my way, after today !\" I sing, following him. Roxanne than walks past us where he waves at her, but she didn't see him. \" She looked right through me ,\" he sings sadly, leaning against the window of the music store. \" And who could blame her ?\" he sings more as I place my hand on his shoulder giving him empathy. \" I need a new me ,\" he sees the powerline cutout in the window before running feeling happy again. \" Plus some positive proof that you're not just a goof !\" I sing happily, running after him. \" And… \" \" After today I'm gonna be cruising !\" the cheerleaders sing in the bus, cheering. \" No more pep rallies to cut ,\" the goth girls from some of my classes sing before letting out a 'Yech!' while pointing inside their mouths. \" After today my brain will be snoozing !\" \" I'm gonna sit on my butt ,\" the bus driver sings, closing the door of the bus. \" You got less than an hour ,\" I sing to Max, pointing to the clock. \" And when this is ended…. \" \" I'll either be famous… \" Max sings, sliding down the railing of the stairs. \" Or you'll be suspended !\" Principal Mazur sings when Max accidentally bumps into him. \" Just think of all of the time I've been losing waiting until I could say: Gonna be on my own, kiss the parents good-bye! Gonna party from now til the end of July! Things'll be going my way after today !\" we all sing together as Max and I got to the top of the bleachers. Suddenly the bell rings. \" I wish that this was the day after today ,\" Max sings sadly. I feel so sad that Max wouldn't see that I have feelings for him and it hurts me that he has eyes on someone who hasn't been in his life as much as I have. He starts to step down, but once he did, Max trips and tumbles down making him fall flat on his face at the bottom. Many people laugh at him and than walk away. I was about to run after him, but Roxanne beat me to it. My eyes widened when I see Max being nervous around her and not me. It makes my heart break more and more. Tears begin to build up in my black eyes and I run away towards the lockers inside.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3: *Viki's POV* A sigh of annoyance escapes my lips as I lean against my locker next to P.J.'s locker. \"You okay Viki?\" he asked from his locker, worried for me. \"Why does this have to be hard for my heart?\" I sighed again sadly. \"Max needs time to figure out that you are the one for him,\" he says, getting out his father's camera. \"But when will that be?\" I asked, not really expanding an answer. The bell rings and Max comes walking over to us. \"I can't believe I did that!\" he says to himself. \"She finally says 'hi' to me and what do I do? I choke! Uhyuck! Like a big spaz,\" he mumbles angrily, leaning against his locker. \"Where have you been, buddy?\" P.J. asked, worried. \"Hi, Peej,\" he greets him. \"Did you get the camera?\" \"Look, Max,\" our best friend says scared, taking it out, \"if my Dad catches me with this he'll kill me!\" \"Are you sure we gotta do this?\" I asked, worried as well. \"It's my only chance, guys,\" Max tells us. \"To Roxanne I'm just a nobody!\" he sighs, flicking his lock. \"But after today…\" he smiles, thinking about the possibility. Suddenly a bright light hits us, hurting our vision a little. \"Bobby!\" Max looks through the light by squinting his eyes to see our other friend, Bobby. I see it is Bobby, who's drinking at the fountain with a straw. \"Wow!\" Max is impressed, examining the video equipment on the dolly with P.J. and me. \"All this is for us?\" \"Mmmmm, slurpage!\" Bobby smiles to us. \"Oh, this is going to be so great, man!\" Max smiles, taking the equipment with him as we smiled back. Bobby takes it back to say, \"Dude, need fundage, bro.\" \"Oh, your fee!\" I smiled to him, getting it out of my bookbag. \"Yea, yea, right here,\" I smiled again, giving him a paper bag. He takes it and pull out a cheese can. A look of ecstasy comes to his face has he exclaims happily, \"Cheddar!\" He howls. \"Cheddar Whizzie!\" Bobby shakes it and sprays in his mouth. I raised an eyebrow at this as my eyes are closed. He must really love chedder cheese. Bobby smacks his lips before coughing. \"Spe-scrumptious!\" he says smiling. P.J. and Max are covered in his cheese when he coughed. \"Let's do it, ladies!\" he pull us together. *Later, School Assembly* \"As student body president, I just want to say like yay to all of us for a really neat year,\" Stacey says to the students as we get ready behind the curtain. \"And also that I hope you can all attend my totally amazing end of school party next Saturday to watch the Powerline concert live on Pay-Per-View.\" Everyone cheers. \"Thank you. Thank you very much. And now, without further ado, Principal Mazur.\" I help Max with his Powerline costume by placing the shoulders on his shoulders at this point when it grew silent. \"Thank you, Stacey!\" he thanks the student body president. \"And good morning, boys and girls! You know, every year, on the last day of school, I have several youngsters approach me and say, \"Principal Mazur, what can we do to not waste our summer vacation? We don't want to waste our free time sleeping or visiting friends…..\" Okay, at this point, I zoned out of what he is saying as I fix Max's hair to look like Powerline. Max looks rather strangely at me like looking deep within my eyes. I look back, still unsure of what's going on. Maybe, maybe he's thinking about me now? Suddenly I feel my eyes start to half close as I lean in for a kiss. \"Uh,\" he says nervously, getting out of the trance. \"Thanks Viki,\" he thanked me and heading over to the curtain. He looks out before closing it again to zip up his costume. \"How are you, uh, how are you doing down there, Bobby?\" Max asked him. \"Don't give me that attitude, you guys,\" Bobby whispers, from the pile of wires. \"I'm doing it all for you.\" He goes back to using the electrical work. \"This is nuts! I don't know why I let you gets talk me into this,\" P.J. says, walking over to us while looking through the camera. \"If my dad finds out, he's gonna nuke my entire existence!\" His foot got caught by a backstage wire and falls under the curtain. Max picks him back up. \"Oh, I hope this works!\" Max's seriously nervous about this. \"...how about Science Slumber Parties!\" Lights go out. Max puts on his shades to complete the look and gives us the thumbs up. Bobby smiles with the thumbs up. P.J. gives the thumbs up with a nervous smile. I did the thumbs up as well, unsure about this. I press the button for the rock music to play. A large screen begins to rise behind the principal, showing Max as Powerline. Principal Mazur didn't like this at all, but Bobby helps by opening a trap door under the podium, making him disappear down. Bobby let's out a laugh about it. Max then begins to perform by dancing and lip syncing. \" Some people settle for the typical thing: Living all their lives waiting in the wings .\" Everyone begins to cheer once they knew what's going on. \" It aint a question of if, just a matter of time before I move to the front of the line. I watch you watching every more that I make ,\" P.J. records Max performing, \"y ou gotta believe that I got what it takes .\" He than let out a yell when he trips over a wire causing the screen to rip. Max appears on the stage, making the students scream in approval. \" To stand out above the crowd even if I gotta shout out loud ,\" the music continues to play. He watches in amaze to see everyone cheering for him, especially the smiling look of Roxanne. I bowed my head in sadness at this. I wanna be in Roxanne's place. Bobby and P.J. place their hands on my shoulders, feeling sorry for me. We give him thumbs up with smiles, hiding our true feelings about this. \" Til mine is the only face you'll see. Gonna stand out til you notice me .\" Than Bobby gets an idea. He gets a fire extinguisher and turn it on. \"A little smokage! Arooo-oo-ooo!\" he howls, making me and P.J. confused. \" If I make you stop and take a look at me instead of just walking by ,\" Max lip sync, dancing towards Roxanne. \" There's nothing that I wouldn't do if it was getting to notice I'm alive ,\" he lays down on the stage, leaning closer and closer to her. Seeing that makes me feel horrible inside. Bobby than gives P.J. a rope with a hook on it. He nods and sneaks under the fog and hooks on Max's belt from behind. I look at this confused. \" All I need is half a chance a second thought, a second glance will prove I got whatever it takes .\" P.J. gives the signal to Bobby who pulls on the rope. \" It's a piece of cake .\" Max went flying around the room. \"To stand out above the crowd even if I gotta shout out loud.\" I watch as I see Max coming over towards us, but along the way he grabs a basketball and slam dunks it. My eyes widened when I thought he was coming over to me, but my heart breaks again when he outstretches his hand towards Roxanne's waiting hand. \"Til mine is the only face you'll see. Gonna…..\" the music dies down when they were about to touch. Max trumbles and ends up by Principal Mazur. He removes his shades to reveal who it really is. \"Hey, it's the Goof Boy!\" one boy says through the shock. \"We're busted!\" Bobby says, hugging P.J. and I by the necks. *No One's POV* Goofy is trying his hardest to make a small child smile by using squeaking a rubber duck and making baby sounds. \"Come on, smile! Smiley wiley!\" The child is about to cry. \"Aw, come on, Kimmie! Gimme a big….\" He accidently squeezes the duck too hard, causing the squeaker pops out into his mouth and he swallows it. Goofy tries to speak, but it came out a squeaky sound. The child likes it and breaks into a big smile. He uses it to take pictures, even playing peek a boo with the child. His friends, Pete and Vivi, comes up behind him, making Pete slaps him on the back and knocking the squeaker out. \"Stop goofing around! We got work to do!\" Pete reminds him firmly. Vivian, or Vivi, rolls her black eyes at them with a smile. She's wearing a black and white uniform, containing of a black skirt that went down to her knees as the white collared shirt buttoned up to her neck with a black tie. Black blazer is over her shirt as the black tights covers her legs and black work shoes on her feet. Wavy black hair falls down to close to her mid back while her peach color skin stands out through the colors. \"Okay, Kimmie, back to mommy, now,\" Goofy smiles to the child, picking her up. He loves the little ones which she didn't want to leave Goofy. Soon she finally waves goodbye to him. \"Oh, you have such a way with children!\" the mommy smiles, leaving the photoshop with her child. \"You have such a way with children!\" Pete mocks her actions. \"Pleh!\" \"Easy now Pete,\" Vivi chuckles, getting the camera ready for the next person. Goofy walks over to a little girl like around two or so and her mother is there as well. \"Okay, now!\" Goofy smiles. \"Who's next over he-\" Pete knocks Goofy out of the way and speaks, \"Step aside, Goof. Let a pro show you how it's done. Okay!\" he smiles, pretending to look for the next one. \"Who's next over here? Heh, heh! Oh,\" he smiles down to the little girl, \"hello precious-\" The little girl kicks Pete on the leg and runs around him laughing. \"Doh! Ow! You lucky woman!\" he smiles in pain to the mother, kneeling down to hold his leg. \"Come on here, honey!\" he runs after the little girl to the side of the stand. \"It's picture time!\" \"Peekaboo!\" she giggles from the other side of the stand. \"She's so cute!\" Pete laughs, going over to the other side of the stand. \"Peekaboo!\" she giggles on the side where he was. She giggles again until Pete finally got her. \"Gosh, Pete,\" Goofy chuckles. \"You sure are good with kids.\" \"Oh, yea, well they love me,\" he says, holding her by the collar of her dress. She tries to hit him, but fails. \"Why, P.J., he's been begging me to take him on vacation this summer.\" He gets a box out. \"You too?\" Vivi asked, getting film ready. \"I'm taking Viki on a vacation as well this summer.\" \"Really?\" Goofy asked, getting a stuffed animal. \"Where are you guys going?\" \"Camping!\" Pete answers with a smile, getting velcro. \"Nothing like the great outdoors to strengthen the bond between a father and his son.\" He straps the little girl on the stand. \"I'm taking her on a cross country field trip just to get to know the country more,\" Vivi replies with a smile, keeping the hidden secret to it. \"Oh, Max would never go for things like that,\" Goofy says, giving the little girl a stuffed animal looking like Bambi. \"I don't know, Goof,\" Pete notices something. \"Something's wrong when a kid won't spend time with his parents. Why, for all you know he's running around with some gang and stealing stuff and causing riots.\" He takes the Bambi from the little girl who cries dramatically. \"No, Max is a good kid,\" Goofy says under the covering. \"He'd never get mixed up in something like that.\"[Chapter 4] Chapter 4: *Viki's POV* Principal Mazur wishes to speak each one of us for what happened to the assembly. I'm sitting in between Max and Bobby on the chairs across from the secretary, Miss Maples. She's typing up something and humming the funeral march. Max is really depressed about all of this. \"I'm a failure,\" he says sadly, \"complete loser! My one chance to impress Roxanne and I blew it!\" \"Max,\" I sighed, looking at him. \"You're not a failure nor a loser. You have done something that no one has the courage to do.\" I pause for a second as I place my hand on his shoulder, making him look at me. \"If I was in Roxanne's position, I would be very impress of what you have done for me.\" He simply looks away when I told him a confession. My heart breaks more as I take away my hand. \"Uh, huh!\" Bobby gets our attention. \"Max, Viki, look! It's the leaning tower of cheeza!\" He shows us his latest project that he used from the cheddar cheese I gave him earlier. He than stuffs it in his mouth when P.J. comes out of the Principal's office with a terrified look on his face. \"Oh, man!\" he speaks, walking away. \"My dad is going to smash me like a bug!\" \"Hey, P.J.! Detention!\" Bobby laughs. \"Robert Zimmeruski,\" the principal glares at him, using his finger to bring him to his office. \"Okay, I'm coming,\" Bobby's nervous now. \"Max, here,\" he gives him his cheese. \"Guard this with your life, dude!\" Bobby takes the dolly of video equipment into Principal Mazur's office before giving us the double thumbs up. \"Hey, Mazu-ur!\" he grins to the principal, trying to act all cool as well. \"What's up bro?\" The door closes and Max puts his head in his hands, letting the depress cover over him. That's when I heard Roxanne and Stacey come into the office. Why now!? \"...with all those kids in my house the place will be like a sauna so I'm all freaked out, but than I thought, \"Like, use it!\" So my theme is gonna be: \"Powerline Goes Rainforest\",\" Stacey says, placing down something on the desk when Roxanne looks over to see Max with a smile. I side glare at her. \"Too much?\" Stacey asked Roxanne, but realized she didn't respond. \"Roxanne, are you listening?\" She looks to see the boy next to me. \"Ahhh,\" she realizes it with a smile. Roxanne begins to walk away, but Stacey gives her a push closer. Alright, if Max wants the redhead more than me, than fine. I scoot over to Bobby's seat. \"No, I dont want too-\" \"Talk to him!\" Stacey whispers, interrupts her. Roxanne clears her throat a couple of times, but Max didn't hear it and pays no attention to her. She shrugs over to her friend. \"Tap him!\" she whispers back. She process and Max immediately sits up startled at the touch. Roxanne's books and paper went flying. He looks at her with smile. It's too much for me to look more so I turn my head away sadly. *No One's POV* Max gets up from his chair and starts to help Roxanne with her papers and books. \"Gosh, I'm...I'm sorry,\" he apologizes. \"It's okay, really,\" she assures her. They reach for the same paper at the same time and his hand touches her. Both stayed like this, making Viki's heart breaks more at the silence between them. He withdraws his hand, a little embarrassed. \"Um, I liked your dance,\" Roxanne smiles. \"Yea. Yea? Uh, yea!\" he smiles big to her, standing up. \"It's from Powerline's new video.\" \"I know! He's, he's totally a genius!\" Roxanne agrees. \"Uh, yea! He, he's doing a concert next week in L.A.!\" Max noted. Viki's head tilted up, still looking away. \"Oh, yea, Stacey is showing it at her party.\" He fidgets and fumbles for a while before speaking again, \"um, uh, Roxanne, I was, uh, sorta kinda thinkin' that maybe I'd, uh, ask you to,\" he coughs, \"go with me, that is, to the….party. Of course if you don't want to I'd completely understand!\" \"Well, I was, sorta kinda thinking that….I'd love to,\" she smiles. Tears begin to build in Viki's eyes as she tries to keep her body from shaking from crying. She wanted Max to ask her out to the party so badly so she can tell him her feelings through Powerline's music. Stacey than grabs Roxanne's arm and begin to drag her away, speaking, \"come on, Roxanne. We don't want to belabor the moment, now, do we?\" \"Well, I'd better be going,\" Roxanne says to Max with a smile. \"I, uh, I'll call you later,\" Max smiles to her, pointing at her. \"Okay! Bye!\" she giggles, running into the door. She giggles again nervously than says a final bye. *Viki's POV* \"Yes! She said yes!\" Max cheers, really happy. I wipe away the tears before acting happy again. \"Congrats Max,\" I smiled big for him. \"Everybody mambo!\" \"Mambo?\" I asked to myself as he begins to do a happy dance of the mambo. He grabs me into the mambo with him before having Miss Maples joining us. \"It's not my break yet!\" she laughs, enjoying this. Bobby and Principal Mazur come out of the office to see what's going on. I was thrown back to the chairs. \"Yea! Dance with her! Groove with her!\" Bobby smiles, even though he doesn't know what's going on. \"Miss Maples!\" Mazur yells at her. \"Yes sir!\" she sings back. \"Ge that boy's father on the phone at once!\" \"Right away, sir!\" *No One's POV* Goofy answers the phone at the Discount Store. \"Hello,\" he speaks. \"Yes, Mr. Goof. This is Principal Mazur. I'm calling in regards to your son, Maxmillion,\" the principal says on the other end of the call, looking through the blinds to look at Max and Viki. \"Max?\" Goofy panics. \"Oh, my gosh! Is he hurt?\" \"No, Mr. Goof. He's in trouble!\" he closes the blinds. \"Trouble? What kind of trouble?\" \"Dressed like a gang member.\" \"Gang member?\" \"Your son caused the entire student body to break into riotous frenzy!\" \"Riot?\" He couldn't believe it. \"It couldn't be my-\" \"If I were you, Mr. Goof, I'd seriously reevaluate the way you're raising your child before he ends up in the electric chair!\" he yells, hanging up. \"The electric chair?\" he says in disbelieve, sitting down in shock, letting the phone drop. \"What am I gonna do?\" he asked. A beam of blue light hits him as a PA voice says, \"blue light special on aisle 3. Blue light special on aisle 3.\" Goofy gets drawn to where the blue light and notice a display of those small bobble heads of a goof fisherman. He takes one and bobble it's head which bounces. \"Lake Destiny,\" he smiles, remembering something. Back at the photo studio, Pete is about to take a picture of the little girl from earlier who is still velcroed to the stand. \"Okay, kiddo, now smile,\" he tells her about to take it. She gives a big smile, but Goofy's face is in the viewfinder saying, \"Lake Destiny, Idaho!\" \"Lake Whodawhata what?\" Pete asked confused, revealing himself. \"You were right, Pete,\" Goofy smiles to him. \"Nothing like the great outdoors to strengthen the bond between father and son,\" he hugs the giggling little girl. \"Well, yea, but, ah,\" Pete's out of words. Goofy dances his way out while calling out, \"I'm going fishing! I'm going fishing with my boy!\" \"Yea. Okay, precious,\" Pete gets back to work, \"give me a big smil-huh?\" In the camera only shows the diaper remain on the stand. Pete looks to see the little girl running after Goofy with giggles, \"Fishy! Fishy!\" Pete groans, \"why did Vivi request to leave early?!\"[Chapter 5] Chapter 5: *Viki's POV* After talking to Mr. Goof, Principal Mazur calls for me, \"Viktoria Black.\" I nervously enter in his office and sit down across from him. \"Now, Viktoria,\" he says, staring down at me. \"In your words, tell me what happened at the school assembly.\" A sigh escapes my lips before I speak, \"Max wanted to impress a girl he really likes.\" I didn't notice the sadness in my voice. \"P.J., Bobby, Max, and I eventually figured out that doing our favorite singer's latest song will be the best way to impress her. I wanted him to do a simple performance for her, but Max got into this idea for doing a huge performance at the school assembly.\" My head bows in sadness. \"Hmm,\" he thinks, losing up a little. He pulls out my files from the file compartment. \"Your grades are all A+'s, but you don't seem to be interested in many things.\" \"It's hard for me to find something I like because my favorite class is Home Economics,\" I responded, looking at him. \"You are still young Viktoria. Maybe Maximillion is not the one for you and you have your whole life of what you want to be in life,\" the principal says in a softer tone. My eyes look up to him in wonder of his words of wisdom. I nod my head. \"Well, you can leave now, your favorite class is about to start,\" he smiles. \"I'm not in trouble?\" I asked confused and surprised. \"After hearing on your side of the story, you are off the hook,\" he smiles more. \"Thank you Principal Mazur,\" I smiled back, standing up. \"You're welcome Viktoria, but promise me to not get into trouble,\" he says as I head out. \"I promise.\" Since we were in the principal's office for most of the day, the only class I had is indeed my favorite class. I am going to miss this class a lot over the summer, but I know for sure this is going to be my career choice in life. When the bell rings, everyone rushing out to enjoy their summer. I head out to find where the guys are. Soon I find Max walking out of the school with a smile on his face. Must be thinking about Roxanne again. \"Cool concert, lad,\" a guy comments to Max with a smile. \"What?\" Max asked, confused of the attention. \"Hey Max,\" I smiled, meeting up with him. \"Hey Viki,\" he smiles back. \"Way to go, man!\" P.J. jumps onto Max's shoulders. \"I just heard about you and Roxanne!\" He gives Max noogies. \"Oh, Peej!\" Max couldn't handle his weight and get him off of him. \"See? See? I told you our plan would work!\" P.J. smiles to him, pretending to be okay with this him and Roxanne situation. He then begins to chant Max's name and get louder for everyone to join in. \"Peej, knock it off!\" Max tries to get him to stop. \"Maximum! Maximum!\" Bobby joins in from a tree. \"Max! Max! Max!\" cheerleaders join in. More and more students join in the chant until everyone is chanting for Max. I can tell that he is pleasantly shocked about this even though I couldn't see his reaction. A sigh escapes my lips as I smiled and I head home listening to music on my Sony MiniDisc. \" All I need is half a chance a second thought a second glance ,\" I put on my headphones and shades. \" Will prove I got whatever it takes. It's a piece of cake ,\" I lip sync. \" To stand out above the crowd even if I gotta shout out loud .\" Whenever I listen to my favorite singers on my MiniDisc, I attend to dance wherever I'm going to. Mainly to home. \" Til mine is the only face you'll see. Gonna stand out. Stand out .\" \" Stand out. Yea, yea, yea, yea ,\" I lip sync more as I run towards my house through everything in my path. \" Stand Out. Til mine is the only face you'll see. Gonna stand out so you notice me .\" I arrived home around the same time as Max. Aunt Vivi is packing up our summer vacation trip for across the country. \"Hey Aunt Vivi!\" I greeted with a smile. \"Hey Viki,\" she greets back, smiling back. \"I'm almost done with the packing. I just need to get your stuff.\" \"I'll get it if you like,\" I offered, heading inside. \"That's nice of you Viki,\" she comments with a smile when I arrived back out with my two suitcases. \"I hope you don't mind, Mr. Goof and Max will be joining us, but don't worry we're going to seperate when we get to the junction.\" \"Max didn't tell me about that,\" I'm surprised about that, giving her the suitcases. \"Oh he doesn't know about that,\" Aunt Vivi chuckles, closing the truck of our four door SUV. \"Maxie!\" Mr. Goof calls out to Max in horror. Aunt Vivi and I run over to next door to see that Max has fainted to the ground. Finally he comes around as Mr. Goof asked him worried, \"are you okay, Maxie?\" \"Wha….What did you say?\" he asked confused. \"That's right!\" Goofy gets excited, picking up Max quickly into a hug. \"A vacation, son! We'll spend some real quality time together!\" \"I think I'm gonna be sick,\" Max mumbles. \"Max, Aunt Vivi and I are going with you two,\" I smiled to him, getting him out of his father's hug. \"Wait, what?\" Max asked me really confused. \"I'm taking Viki on a cross country road trip to L.A.,\" Vivi reveals our secert with a smile as I smiled again. \"L.A. as in the Powerline concert?!\" \"That's right!\" I grinned. \"Hey, Maxie! Got a present for you!\" Mr. Goof grinned before grabbing to change his clothing. Max is now shown with a complete fishing outfit on, with an inflatable life vest. Mr. Goof pulls a cord and the vest inflates big. \"You look just like I did at your age,\" Mr. Goof smiles, loving the sight. \"Please don't say that, Dad,\" Max didn't like this. \"Wait! I saved the best for last!\" Mr. Goof shows a case and blows the dust off of it. \"It's been handed down from Goof to Goof to Goof!\" He hugs it before revealing what's inside. \"And now, it's yours, son.\" Inside the case is a fishing rod. Aunt Vivi and I awwwed at this. \"A stick?\" Max asked confused. \"No, silly! A fishing pole!\" Mr. Goof shows the whole appearance. \"Fishing? We're going fishing?!\" Max panics, taking it. \"Yup! While Ms. Black and Viki is on their way towards L.A. for that concert, we are joining them on our way to our destination!\" Mr. Goof says, walking over to the car with the map. \"We're going to be like my dad and me! Two best buddies fishing on Lake Destiny, away from it all!\" \"I don't want to be away from it all, Dad!\" Max walks over to him. \"I like it all!\" \"Hey, look, Maxie!\" Mr. Goof ignores Max's comment. \"We're using the same map me and my dad used!\" He unfolds the old map. \"We'll take the same route and make the same stops and see the same sights.\" \"Cool,\" Aunt Vivi and I said at the same time with smiles. \"But that trip would take weeks, Dad!\" Max says. \"Exactly! Getting there is half the fun!\" \"We're going to finish up packing, we'll meet you at the first stop,\" Aunt Vivi says, noticing that the father and son needs to talk about this. She and I arrived back to our car and finish up packing. \"Why was Max panicking about this?\" my aunt asked me confused. I sighed. \"There's a party at our student body president's house for the Powerline concert next week. He asked his crush out to the party.\" \"The redhead girl?\" \"Yea.\" My head lowers. \"Hey now,\" she says, titling my head up by my chin. \"You're still young. Max will realized that maybe Roxanne is not the one for him.\" \"I hope so,\" I sighed. Aunt Vivi and I got into the car and begin to follow Mr. Goof's car. We drive for a bit before seeing the car suddenly swerves down to a different street in a force. At first, it was Mr. Goof's driving, but it didn't look right for his driving. The car takes us to a side street that we see Max getting out of the car and to the house next to them. Putting two and two together, my eyes widened. It's Roxanne's house. *No One's POV* \"Now, make it quick, Maxie boy,\" Goofy smiles to his son. \"We gotta put some road behind us.\" Max walks up to the front door while mumbling to himself, \"You get to cancel your first date in less than an hour!\" He rings the doorbell. \"Must be some kind of lame-o record.\" The door opens to reveal a rather mean looking man growling at Max. \"Hi! Is Roxanne home?\" Max asked, trying to be friendly through his nervousness. \"Oh, my name is Max.\" He offers a hand to him. \"Does Roxanne live here? Does she even live on this block?\" he backs away nervously. \"Wait!\" Roxanne calls out, appearing from behind him. \"It's okay, Daddy. Max is a friend from school.\" Roxanne's father pats the top of her head lovingly before growling at Max again. \"Go on,\" Roxanne gently takes him back into the house. \"Go on. Good Daddy. Hey, Max,\" she greets him with a smile. He mumbles something under his breath. \"You wanna, uh, have a seat?\" she asked, offering him. Max mumbles something else. He helps Roxanne to sit on the porch railing. Her father sees this through the mail slot, growling at Max. \"Daddy!\" she exclaims at him with her hands on her hips while Max puts his hands behind his back and grins nervously at him. The mail slot closes. \"I promise he'll be better behaved when you pick me up for the party,\" she says to him with a smile. \"Yea, that's, uh, sorta why I came by,\" Max begins to confess. \"I'm really looking forward to it, Max,\" she smiles, not hearing his confession. \"Yea, I was, too,\" he finally says. \"Was?\" she asked disappointed. \"Well, you see my dad's on this stupid father/son kick, and…\" \"Oh, don't worry about it,\" she gets off the railing with her head down. \"It's just a dumb party.\" \"No, it's not!\" Max tries to make things better. \"Roxanne, I really wanted to go with you. I-\" \"No, Max, I understand. Really, sometimes these things happen,\" she tries to help out as well. \"My dad surprised me, I don't even want to go, but I have no choice.\" \"I'm sure I can find someone else.\" \"Someone else?\" her words surprises him. \"I'll just talk to you later,\" she says sadly, heading back inside. \"Um, uh, Roxanne,\" he tries to make an excuse. \"My dad is, uh, my dad's taking me to the Powerline concert in L.A.!\" He blurts out Viki's plans as his own. \"Your dad is taking you clear across the country just to see a concert?\" she asked, not believing this. \"Well, uh, you see, my dad, uh, knew….knows! Knows Powerline! They used to play together! In a band! Yea!\" he makes more lies to convince her. The car's horn is heard. \"Come on, son! Let's get this show on the road!\" Goofy calls out for Max. \"Just a minute, you….party….animal...you,\" Max calls back. Goofy looks confused before grinning. \"You're really serious,\" Roxanne smiles to him, believing him. \"Absolutely! So uh, you aren't still thinking of going with someone else, are you?\" he asked, making sure. \"Well, I guess….\" \"Because I was hoping I could, uh, wave to you on-stage when we join Powerline for the final number,\" he lies more with a smile. \"This is incredible,\" she smiles back. \"Well, I wouldn't miss our date for anything that wasn't incredible, Roxanne,\" he says, holding her hand, breaking Viki's heart more. Roxanne kisses Max's cheek as he dreamily staggers back to the car. \"Have a great time at the concert, Max,\" Roxanne waves to him. He mumbles something again. \"I'll see you on TV!\" Suddenly reality hits Max of what just happened. \"I'm in deep sludge!\" he tells himself. *Viki's POV* \"We have a lot of work to do,\" Aunt Vivi says with widened eyes after seeing what happened at Roxanne's house.[Chapter 6] Chapter 6: *No One's POV* In the Goof car, Max and Goofy are leaving the city with the Black car behind them. Goofy's driving a running a video camera at the same time, talking as the narrator, \"Day One: Well, here we are, out on the open road! Retracing the steps of my boyhood. And here's Maxie!\" It shows Max really depressed. \"Say, \"Hi\", Max!\" He pays no attention. \"Well, how about a wave?\" \"Not now, dad,\" Max says, putting his hand on the lens. \"What a kidder!\" Goofy chuckles. Back in the Black car, Viki is staying quiet of the whole thing with Roxanne. Vivi notices this and begins to snape her fingers to begin a song. They share their love for music of many things. Viki smiles big and using her lap as if it's a set of drums. The beat continues by the car keys in the Goof car. Different items begin to the beat. Goofy even whistles the tune as well. \" Do you need a break from modern living ?\" Vivi sings to Viki with a smile. She smiles back with a nod. \" Do you long to shed your weary load ?\" \" If your nerves are raw and your braid is fried ,\" Goofy sings to Max, grabbing him by the neck, \" just grab a friend and take a ride together upon the open road !\" Max didn't like this at all. \"C'mon, Maxie!\" Goofy huckles. \" All in all I'd rather have detention ,\" Max sings, getting his father's arm off of him. \" All in all I'd rather eat a toad !\" He fixes her hair. \" An old man drives that's such a kultz ,\" Goofy drives a little too fast and recklessly, \" that I'm about to hurl my guts directly upon the open road !\" \" This road trip is going to be an interesting one ,\" Viki sings with a smile, \" my heart is going to be put to the test ,\" she looks up to the see an image of Max in the clouds, smiling down to her. \" Let's hope that this is going to be fun ,\" Vivi joins in. \" But hey !\" she then smiles. \" This is going to be a much needed rest !\" \" There's nothing can upset me 'cause now we're on our way !\" Goofy sings. \" Our trusty map will guide us straight and true !\" He opens up the map while driving with his feet. \" Roxanne please don't forget me !\" Max sings up to the clouds where an image of Roxanne is smiling down at him. \" I will return someday !\" He let's a scream when he sees that they are heading towards a construction sight. \" Though I may be in traction when I do !\" He closes his eyes, not wanting to see what's going to happen. They went through it without any problems. \" Me and Max relaxing like the old days !\" Goofy sings with a smile. \" It's far worse than dragon breath and acne !\" Max sings over him. \" In a buddy-buddy kind of mode !\" \" I'm so mad I think I may explode !\" \" When I see that highway I would cry !\" \" You know, that's funny, so could I !\" \" Just being out on the open road !\" they both sing together with Max being annoyed and arms crossed and Goofy happy and smiling. A piano is playing next to the Goof car and Cowgirls appear singing, \" Howdy boys! Is this the way to Nashville ?\" \" Watch it, Mack !\" a tow truck driver sings at the Black car, surprising Viki and Vivi. \" Or you'll be getting towed !\" Vivi gives the driver an apologetic look. Goofy looks to see a con in a paddy wagon singing, \" I'm in no hurry to arrive cause I'll be turning sixty five the next time I sees the open road !\" He than looks at a depressed Max, imagining him in that situation before driving away quickly. \" Just a week of rest and relaxation ,\" a small driver sings. \"Yea!\" his large wife smiles big. \" And the odd romantic episode ,\" he adds in, smiling at his wife. \"Very odd!\" Max's surprised seeing them. Viki and Vivi sees their good friends Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck are hitchhiking so they gave them smiles and waves. \" And it's Californ-eye-ay or bust !\" Mickey sings with a smile, waving back which Donald glares at him. \" Look out your dirtbags! Eat my dust! From now on I'm on the open road !\" a little old lady sings, driving around the Goof car as her car is filled with cats. \" It's me, Vivi, Viki, and little Maxie, my pip squeak pioneer !\" Goofy sings to Max. \" Their car edges forever 'Westward Ho!' \" Nuns join in the singing. \"Ye Haw!\" Goofy and the Nuns say at the same time. \" Could someone call a taxi and get me out of here to Beverly Hills 90210 ?\" Max sings, practically begging. \" Oh, every day another new adventure! Every mile another new zip code! And the cares we had are gone for good !\" \" And I'd go with them if I could ,\" Max adds in. \" I got no strings on me! I'm feeling fancy free! How wonderful to be on the open road !\" *Viki's POV* Later on into the sunset, I've took a nap to rest for a bit since we have been driving for a while. \"Viki,\" my aunt's voice speaks out in the darkness. \"Viki, we're at our first stop.\" I wake up to see that we are attraction called Lester's Possum Park. \"You used to go here?\" I asked, remembering her mentioned this before. \"Yea, when Mr. Goof and I were your age, Viki,\" she smiles, happy to see her childhood again. We then see a mother attempting to drag her daughter through the entrance to the park. The entrance looks like the mouth of a possum. \"No! Mommy! I don't want to go!\" she cries out. \"I am so glad that you're not dragging me in the park,\" I commented to my aunt. \"Well, let's see if this a good place for you and Max,\" she smiles, getting out of the car like me. \"Your aunt got you here too, Viki?\" Max asked me when we caught up with them. \"Well, she speaks highly of the park so it's the least that we can do,\" I said with a smile. \"True, but I don't think I'm going to like it.\" The four of us enter into a theater to see that the show is about to start. \"Oh, good! We're just in time!\" Mr. Goof smiles, running towards the front row with Aunt Vivi following him in a walk. Max and I got to the bottom of the steps to see the curtain opens and it shows four holes in the ground. One of the holes appear a mechanical possum which that hasn't been restored. \"Howdy, folks! Who's your favorite possum?\" it tells the audience. Many of the people shout out 'Lester!'. \"Ms. Vivi and I got us a seat right up front!\" Goofy says to Max and I, taking us to the seats. The order from left to right shows me, Max, Aunt Vivi, and than Mr. Goof. I have my hands on my lap, sitting properly. \"Let me introduce you to the posse!\" Lester calls out. \"There's Buford, Beulah, and Mordechai!\" Each one pops out of their hole, but Mordechai has a terrible electrical shortage. \"Hey Lester, ready for yodeling?\" Mordechai asked. \"Sure am, Buford.\" Doesn't he meant Mordechai? \" Now gather 'round, my possum pals, and join the jamboree. Come hoot 'n' howl 'n' holler from the heart !\" \"This is pathetic,\" Max tells me which I nod my head. \" And every chicken, pig, 'n' goat'll help by yelpin' out a yodel here at Lester's Possum Park !\" The more they sing, the more they begin to break apart from not being restored for a while. \"Join in, folks! It's yodelin' time!\" Lester tells everyone. Many of the people begins to yodel including Mr. Goof. At this point, I am getting uncomfortable with the performance. I can tell that Max is feeling the same thing. \" Lester's Possum Park. We don't you want to be, a'hanging from a tree? We're mighty glad to see ya and the parking's always free !\" Than suddenly Lester begins to break down. \" Here's at Lester's Po-Po-Po ,\" a thump is heard on the side of the stage. \" Possum Park !\" Mr. Goof catches everything on video as we exist the theater, but not as fast as everyone and him. He turns to see a souvenir stand to get an idea. \"Hey! That's the ticket!\" he smiles big, looking through the video camera. \"We'll be right back, our little possum pals!\" he says to us before taking an uncomfortable Aunt Vivi to the stand. \"Well that didn't go so well,\" I commented, trying to cheer our mood up. Max sighs, \"My life's a living-\" \"Hel-lo, little buddies!\" Oh great they have one of a Lester, really? Max and I turn our backs at him. I didn't to interact with him because I wasn't in the mood to do so and Max is mad about everything now. \"Who's your favorite possum!?\" Lester cheerily asked us, getting in front of us. \"Don't touch us,\" Max glares at him as I got behind Max. \"Aw, why such long faces? You both are so sad! Boo hoo hoo!\" he pretends to cry. \"You two need a big hug from Lester!\" he spread his arms out for us. \"Lester, that wouldn't be ness-\" I was cut off by him hugging Max and I tightly. \"See? Now you both feel all good inside,\" he says smiling. Max slaps him making his fake head backwards. \"Beat it, Doofus!\" Max yells at him. He's now unable to see where is going and a group of kids drag him away. It makes us smirk at the sight. \"Oh, no! No, Dad, Ms. Vivi! Not that! Not that! Please!\" Max tells his father freaking out. I look to see that Aunt Vivi and Mr. Goof has dead possums hats and they have one for Max and and I. \"Hey you go, sport!\" Mr. Goof places Max's hat on his head. Aunt Vivi offers it to me with a smile. I smiled back and placing it on my head. \"Let's say we get our picture taken!\" Mr. Goof smiles, taking us there. Than we see the crying girl from before getting her picture taken next to two possums. \"Is this is even safe?\" I asked them surprised to see this. \"Honestly I'm not sure,\" Aunt Vivi response, realizing this might not be a good idea. \"Oh alright, you all are missing out!\" Mr. Goof smiles, heading for it. We than hear laughter from a lot of people. My eyes widened to see that Mr. Goof hanging upside down with the possums. \"Hey, everyone!\" a kid next to us call out. \"Check out the dork!\" Max's embarrassed like me and Aunt Vivi. \"Say, 'sassafras',\" the photographer smiles, ready to take the picture. \"Sassyfrass!\" Mr. Goof smiles big. The picture is taken and the branch breaks, causing Mr. Goof to fall to the ground. One of the two possums hurdles towards Max and it hits him in the face. I was about to get the possum away from him. The possum crawls down in his sweatshirt, making Max to jump around to get the creature out of his clothes. Aunt Vivi holds me back for my safety when a couple of musicians start playing country music. \"Are you kidding me!?\" I'm shocked of what's going on. Everyone, except for me and Aunt Vivi, thinks his dancing around, having a good time when it reality he's trying to get the possum out. Mr. Goof sees his son just when Max manages to get the possum out of his pants. \"That's the spirit, Maxie!\" he grins. He grabs him and starts dancing with him. I'm embarrassed for Max and I. \"No, don't Dad! This is embarrassing!\" Max tries to tell his father, but he wouldn't listen. Mr. Goof finally finishes the dance with Max on his knee. \"It's Dork and Dork Junior!\" the same kid from before embarresses my best friend more. He hears to everyone laughing at him and his dad before taking off his head to throw it to the ground. His hand grabs my arm and we run out of the crowds by his request. Max knows when I'm embarrassed as well and we needed to get out of there. We finally got outside to the cars. Max tries to open his family's car, but it was locked. Rain falls down on us when he pounds the door with his fists. I wanted to go over to him to calm him down, but we are both so embarrassed of what just happened. Max walks over to the highway and starts to hitchhike since my aunt's car is locked as well. A passing car sprays him with water, but he continues to hitchhike. Aunt Vivi and Mr. Goof. \"Max! Hey, what the heck are you trying to do?\" Mr. Goof asked him, running over to him. \"Trying to get away from you!\" Max glares at him, removing his hand on his shoulder. He walks over back to the car. \"From me? What'd I do?\" Mr. Goof asked as he follows him. \"Forget it!\" \"I thought we was having fun. What's the matter?\" Mr. Goof asked confused and worried for him. Aunt Vivi looks at me and mentioning her head to our car. I nod my head and getting into the car. \"Nothing. Let's just go. Come on!\" he exclaims to his father angrily. We watch from inside our car to see that Max exploded and Mr. Goof is getting more sad about this. I wouldn't blame him because his son got embarrassed and he didn't realized it. Our car leads their car to a nearby hotel so we can get some sleep even though it is not good for going to bed angrily.[Chapter 7] Chapter 7: *Viki's POV* The next day we got to our next stop which is a camping sight. Mr. Goof and Aunt Vivi are setting up our tents while Max is sitting on a rock by the river. I watch sadly to see him stirring the water with a stick. \"Hey, Max,\" Mr. Goof says to his son, getting in front of him. \"You wanna get some fishing practice?\" he offers tentatively. \"Just a couple of days 'til we get to Lake Destiny.\" Max stood up off of the rock and walks away still depressed. \"Maybe later.\" \"Why don't you go cheer him up,\" Aunt Vivi quietly tells me. I nod my head and head over to the depressed Max. \"Hey, Max,\" I speak up, getting his attention. \"Oh hey, Viki,\" he turns to me still sad. \"I know you're not the best with the trip until we get to the junction.\" He gives me a look. \"With the whole trip,\" I corrected myself with a sigh, \"but it was a one time thing and there's other things to spend some family time without getting embarrassed.\" \"Vik!\" he exclaims at me, almost yelling. \"You know who is my father! He mebaresses me at everything he does! Roxanne wouldn't like me with him as a father! She likes me as someone going to the Powerline concert-\" his yelling made him admit something he's going to regard. Max realize it and covers his mouth with his hands, looking terrified. My eyes widened at his outburst and the last part. \"What did you say to her?\" I asked confused and shocked. \"I, uh, well,\" he's avoiding the question. \"Maximillion,\" my eyes narrows down and my hands are on my sides, \"what did you say to her?\" \"I told her that I was going to the Powerline concert,\" he sighs, admitting everything. I couldn't believe this! \"Are you kidding me?\" I asked, getting really mad. \"You decided to use my summer plans to impress her?!\" \"It was in the heat of the moment! She was depressed when I told her that I wasn't going to take her to the party,\" his words hurt my heart. \"You are rather notice her sadness instead of mine?\" I asked deeply hurt. \"Wh-What do you mean?\" he asked softly, surprised. \"Max, I've been for you thick and thin and what I got in return?\" I admit everything. \"Nothing! I've never judged you for being a goof or anything. Look, Max, I've had liked you ever since you moved to the neighborhood,\" I sighed, admitting everything as tears begin to fall down my face. He was silent, shocked about my confession. \"Oh gosh, Viki I didn't know,\" he says softly. \"Yea because you have been obvious on everything I have done for you,\" I sighed, looking down, trying to stop the tears. Suddenly we hear something come onto the grounds. A huge RV rolls over to where we are camping and shows what it has. A hot tub, a basketball court, a bowling alley and a swimming pool appear from different angles. Max and I look at each other confused before going over to what it is. \"Whoa! Now that's camping,\" Max says amazed. It's a little too much for my taste in glamping, but I guess he likes it. Aunt Vivi comes back over from our glamping tent and sees the RV in surprise. Mr. Goof appear out from under it from the tent, completely unaware from the RV. \"You say something, Max?\" he asked his son before getting hit by the metal door folding down. Mr. Pete appears out of the RV's entrance. \"Pete?\" Mr. Goof asked, coming out of the dizziness. \"Goofy?\" Mr. Pete asked, seeing him under the door. \"What a serendipity do dah! Who'da thunk it, huh?\" he chuckles, taking out a remote to press a button to lower the door when Mr. Goof appears out of it. \"Is PJ here, Mr. Pete?\" I asked him with a smile. \"Oh, yea,\" he answers. \"I'm sure he's loafing around here somewhere.\" \"Why don't you two go hang out with PJ in the RV while we hang out here?\" Aunt Vivi suggested with a smile. \"Okay!\" I smiled back, heading towards the inside of the RV. Lately since the remaining months of the school year, I've been more closer to PJ and Bobby. So it's a nice gesture to see him again before heading to LA. Powerline music is being heard from the inside of the RV. Max and I head to the entrance door to see PJ dancing and singing along to Powerline while buffing the floor and dusting. \"What a goob,\" Max chuckles, seeing our friend being goofy. Than he uses the buffer like a microphone while singing to the music. Max finds the stereo and turns it off, but that didn't stop him from singing and dancing. \" Even if you got to shout out loud! No matter you look it's Viki and Max ,\" he sings then realizes it's us waving at him. \"Viki! Max!\" he smiles to us. \"Hey, hey, hey!\" Max greets him smiling. \"Hey PJ!\" I greeted back smiling big. PJ gives me a hug before doing his handshake with Max. \"Whoa! Small wilderness, dude and dudette! Didn't expect to run into you two.\" \"Apparently not,\" Max says smiling. \"You're just jealous guys,\" PJ does a couple of moves, \"'cause you ain't got the moves!\" \"Yea, you can keep the moves, man,\" I smiled to him with a chuckle. \"I wouldn't mind having this RV,\" Max comments, looking around before looking at the fishbowl. \"You are so lucky, man,\" he taps on the fishbowl. \"Me? Aw, come on! You're the star!\" P.J. tells us something that I knew immediately that I am upset with. \"Wha-What are you-\" Max begins to ask confused. \"Going to the Powerline concert,\" he explains. \"Aw, it's unbelievable, man!\" he grins. \"Who told you that?\" \"Hey, come on! Everyone in town knows about it, Max,\" he says as Max walks over to the door. \"You are gonna be famous, buddy! Especially with Roxanne.\" My eyes rolled in annoyance. P.J. gives me a secret apology look, knowing my feelings towards our friend. \"There's, uh, only one person who doesn't know about it yet, Peej,\" Max says sadly, leaning against the frame with his arms crossed. \"Who?\" \"My dad.\" \"He used my summer plans of going to the Powerline concert,\" I explained to P.J. annoyed at Max. \"Yikes!\" *Vivi's POV* While Viki is with P.J. and Max, I am with Goofy and Pete up on the roof of the RV. \"So tell me, Goof, is that kid of yours still giving you guff?\" Pete asked him as we arrived to the bowling alley. \"Oh, I don't know what's wrong,\" Goofy answers sadly. \"Just seems like everything I try only drives Max further away.\" He pushes a bowling ball away on the stand. \"Maybe I ought to just back off, I don't know.\" \"Wrong, Goof,\" Pete sighs annoyed, \"if you keep'm under your thumb, they'll never end up in the gutter!\" Pete goes for a strike, but end up getting one last pin. \"Too bad, Pete,\" I half smiled. \"Almost.\" \"Almost?\" he asked, glaring back at me. \"Heh! Watch this,\" he smirks before screaming out, \"P.J.!\" Immediately, his son runs up the ladder that leads up to the roof with Max and Viki behind him. \"Yes, sir! Coming, sir!\" he speaks through his running. Pete points to the pin when P.J. stands in front of Pete. P.J. looks at the pin and goes over to it to kick it down into a strike. \"Woohoo! Strike-ola!\" Pete cheers and does a victory dance. \"Yeeha! Thank you! Thank you! Yes! And the crowd goes wild! High five, son!\" he raises his hand up for a high five to his son, but moves away when he goes for it. \"Zike!\" he laughs. \"Say, Goof, Vivi,\" he smiles to us, \"why don't you four stay for dinner?\" \"We don't mind,\" I smiled while Viki nods her head in agreement. \"Cool!\" Max smiles. \"Oh, no thanks, Pete,\" Goofy kindly declines. \"Max and I have some fish to catch.\" \"Aw, Dad, we can do that tomorrow,\" Max tells him, glaring at him. \"So, uh, what are we having?\" he asked Pete. \"But Max, I thought-\" Pete clears his throat. \"Under your thumb, Goof.\" Viki looks at me confused which I silently tell her not to worry about it. Taking Pete's words to heart, Goofy than becomes serious. \"Maximilian!\" he calls his son by his full first name. \"What?\" he asked annoyed. \"Get your gear, little man. We're going fishing!\" they have a stare down. \"And I mean now!\" Max goes off annoyed with his father. Goofy winks at Pete with a smile and his thumb up. Pete mirrors it in agreement. \"What's that about?\" P.J. asked Viki in a whisper. \"Your guess is good as mine,\" she whispers back. *No One's POV* Goofy drags his son to the river where they are dressed in their fishing gear and holding rods. \"Dad, I don't even know how to fish,\" Max tells him. \"Oh, now come on. That never stopped me!\" Goofy says. \"Let me show you a little family secret that's been handed down for about twelve or thirteen Goof generations: The Perfect Cast.\" \"The Perfect what?\" his son questions. \"The Perfect Cast,\" he tells him. \"My dad taught it to me when I was about your age. Okay now, watch carefully. You gotta be loose,\" he loosens up. \"Relaxed. With our feet apart and….ten o'clock,\" Goofy move the rode to that direction. \"Two o'clock,\" he repositions it. \"Quarter to three! Tour Jete! Over! Pas de deux! I'm a little teapot! And the windup,\" Goofy's line goes way back to where Pete is barbecuing some steaks and the hook got one. Pete gasps at the sudden disappearance. \"And let 'er fly! The Perfect Cast,\" he smiles to his son. The steak went flying towards the other side of the river that they are in to the ground in front of the legendary Bigfoot and inside of his footprint. Bigfoot appears into view chewing on a log where he stops to smell something before looking down to the steak. \"And now, we reel 'er in,\" Goofy says, reeling his line. Bigfoot's about to take a bit of the steak when Goofy starts to reel in. He chases it down to catch it. His teeth holds onto the steak and gets pulled by Goofy. \"Quick!\" he tells Max when he feels something big on his line. \"Get the camera!\" Max hands Goofy the camera while he struggles to reel in more. \"Must be over three pounds!\" Goofy comments, recording it. \"I don't wanna miss this!\" His son watches in horror and shock when Bigfoot appears in their view and the camera's. \"Look, Max,\" Goofy gasps in awe. \"Uh, duh, duh, dad….\" Max freaks out, \"it's Bigfoot!\" \"Could you backup a bit Mr. Foot?\" Goofy asked him with a smile. \"You're out of focus.\" Than Bigfoot roars! *Viki's POV* I am helping out with Aunt Vivi and Mr. Pete with the dinner when I hear a roar. Aunt Vivi and I look to see Goofy and Max running towards camp screaming for their lives, but they weren't alone. \"Bigfoot!\" Pete screams in terror. Aunt Vivi and I too scream in horror and running towards our car. Mr. Pete gets his stuff and the equipment into the RV before driving off in a heartbeat. I run over to the passenger seat of our car, but it wouldn't open. \"Aunt Vivi, it's locked!\" I screamed to her. She runs over to unlock it which we quickly got inside where we see Max and Mr. Goof getting into their car through their moonroof. Bigfoot is approaching fast towards them. Mr. Goof rolls the window closed. It finally closed just as Bigfoot gets over there. He rocks the car back and forth for a moment before focusing on the equipment that Mr. Goof has unpacked. \"Remember when I told you about anything is possible?\" Aunt Vivi asked me when as we watch what has happened. \"Yes, I do remember,\" I tell her, next to her. \"The existence of Bigfoot is possible and we are witnessing him now.\" \"Good thing Mr. Goof has it on tape,\" she smiles than frowns when she sees the camera being destroyed by Bigfoot. \"Or not.\" \"Should we get out of here?\" I asked my aunt. \"Good idea,\" she says, looking for her keys, but stops when we see Bigfoot having Mr. Goof's keys. \"Looks like we are going to be here for a while.\"[Chapter 8] Chapter 8: *No One's POV* A few hours later, Max and Goofy are still in the car, away from Bigfoot. \"Is he gone yet?\" Max asked bored. Bigfoot performs a puppet show with socks that he found to them. The show didn't go so well and into a fight before he appears laughing at the results. \"Nope, still here,\" Goofy answers bored as well. Some noises are heard from Bigfoot when Max's stomach growls out of hunger. \"Gee, Max,\" Goofy tells to Max. \"Was that Bigfoot or your stomach?\" \"Man, I'm starving!\" Max says, confirming his hunger. All of a sudden, a can of alphabet soup lands on the hood of the car in front of them. \"Alphabet soup coming up!\" Goofy chuckles, making them smile, but then gets serious and careful. Goofy rolls down his window to get to the can, but Bigfoot hears that and turns to them with a mouth filled with toothpaste. \"Uh, duh, dad?\" Max asked, getting nervous. Bigfoot runs over to the car when Goofy gets the can, but couldn't go through the crack of the window. \"Dad!\" Max panics. \"Stop playing around! He's coming!\" Max helps his hand to turn the can to pull it in. Bigfoot than crashes into the side of the car and he is send backwards into the stuff and equipment of the campsite. The creature lands onto the ground with a pair of headphones lands on his head. It begins to play \"Staying Alive\". He was startled at first and stands up, but than enjoys it. Back in the car, Goofy takes out the cigarette lighter from of the dashboard. \"Well, it's nice to know this thing's good for something,\" he comments with a smile while placing the can on top of the lighter to cook it. The father and son sits there in silence while Bigfoot is outside enjoying the music the background. At some point, they see each other looking at one another, but quickly looks away. Goofy remembers something to make him smile and chuckle, catching Max's attention. \"What's so funny?\" Max asked, confused. \" \"Hi Dad\" Soup,\" Goofy answers smiling, pointing to the can of soup. \"Huh?\" \"Don't tell me you don't remember \"Hi Dad\" Soup,\" he says with his hands on his hips. Silence from Max. \"Oh, come on! Sure you do! You used to spell things out using the letters, like, uh, \"Hi Dad\" or \"Maxie\" or-\" \" \"Ambidextrous\"?\" Max guesses with a smile. \"Yea, that's,\" Goofy releases it and smirks to his son, \"nah. Little words like….\" \" \"Hasta la vista\"?\" Max smiles more. \"Like \"Bye Bye\".\" \"Or \"I pledge allegiance\".\" \"...or \"I love you\"...\" That made them feel sad. They do love each other very much, but as Max grows older, their father/son bond begins to cease because of differences in generations. \"Is it soup yet?\" Max breaks the silence, remembering about the soup. \"Oh, I almost forgot,\" Goofy says, taking it. He bites down to make two holes on the lid of the can. \"Whoa!\" Max's impressed. \"Where'd you learn to do that?\" he asked, taking a cup. \"Your granddad taught me that when we went to Yosemite,\" Goofy answers, pouring the soup in the cup. \"You two did a lot together, huh?\" \"Yep.\" Goofy becomes sad, thinking about his father. \"Max, you and I have to/Dad, listen I have a,\" they both speak at the same time. They grew silent, both aren't sure what to do now. \"How's the soup?\" Goofy asked his son, finally speaking. Max drinks it and leaves a soup mustache on his upper lips while smiling, \"not bad.\" He clears his throat a little. Goofy sees this and grins a little, thinking of his son as a little boy. \"What?\" Max asked, seeing the grin. \"Nothing,\" Goofy answers with a smile. Than Bigfoot climbs onto the top of the car making it rock back and forth before settling down to sleep. \"Welp, might as well get some shut eye,\" Goofy speaks up. \"I don't think we're going anywhere tonight.\" Max watches his father to get comfortable while wiping the soup of his lip. Than he notices something at the bottom of the cup which he gives to Goofy to see something that brings tears to his eyes. \"Hi Dad\" is spelled out at the bottom of the cup. Goofy chokes up a little and looks over to Max settling down to sleep. \"Hi, Maxie,\" he whispers. *Viki's POV* I keep on tossing and turning on the passenger seat of our car, couldn't sleep. This whole day have been a very emotional day. Aunt Vivi and I honestly thought the shared plans we have with Mr. Goof and Max will help with him to notice me, but it's obvious. He wants Roxanne Someone is ten times more beautiful than I am. Yes, I know I am young and have my whole life to look forward to, but it sucks going through these emotions. \"Can't sleep?\" Aunt Vivi asked from the driver's seat. \"Yea,\" I sighed, sludging down a little. \"Max likes someone else.\" \"Awe,\" she understood. \"Would it make you feel better if I told you I had feelings for Mr. Goof when we were younger?\" she admitted something I wasn't aware of. \"You liked Mr. Goof like how I like Max?\" I asked shocked. \"Yes, I met Mr. Goof in my freshman year of highschool,\" Aunt Vivi begins. \"He was being his goofy self. It made me laugh, the first time in years. A friendship blossomed. Over the years, my feelings grew. Junior prom came and I wanted so badly for him to ask me out. As it grew closer, Mr. Goof never did. So I've decided to ask him out, but when I did, he was asking someone else to prom.\" Memories of the event came back to her. Her head is bowed in sadness, letting her matching hair fall around her. A couple of tears run down to her hand as it cover her eyes. Seeing my aunt like this makes me sad. She's not like this normally, but she has her moments. I wrap my arms around her as i lean towards her. Aunt Vivi hugs back, shaking a little from crying. \"Was she Max's mother?\" I asked her softly after a little while. \"I believe so,\" Aunt Vivi answers softly. \"They were in their Senior year so I haven't seen them for a long time. I've met Mr. Pete in college and became best friends ever since.\" Then I remembered the rest. Aunt Vivi received a job outside of town which she spend a long time trying to get me out of a situation with her brother and sister in law, aka my parents. We moved back and into Mr. Pete's neighborhood where she reunites with Mr. Goof It took awhile, but she got over it which explains why Aunt Vivi was acting weird during the first six months we have moved in. \"Let's see how things go during the week and a half and we'll decide on our future relationship with them,\" I speak the words that I didn't except to say. Sure we have a good friendship with them, but we do have feelings for them and their happiness matters. Even when it it's not with us. \"I'm glad that you are all I have now,\" Aunt Vivi says, still holding onto me. \"Me too,\" I smiled softly. Ou hold actually feels so comfortable that we fell asleep like this. *Max's POV* I can not sleep due to the snoring of my father and Bigfoot. So I adjust myself to figure out something to do while trying to sleep. Looking over to see the other car, Viki and Ms. Vivi are holding each other and sleeping peacefully. A smile curls up on my face when I see that. What I admire about Viki is that she has a good relationship with her aunt like a mother/daughter relationship more so than an aunt/niece relationship. Than I frown, thinking of something. Viki has been with me through thick and thin ever since she moved into the neighborhood and all I did was look at someone else. I always did like Viki and never really had a crush on her. She truly did like me a lot. Oh gosh, I feel like an idiot for hurting her. I sighed and sludge down in my seat. A postcard from Lester's catches my attention. So I took a pen and begin to write on the back side where you write a letter on. \" Dear Roxanne ,\" I begin to write. \" Couldn't sleep, so I thought I'd drop you a line. Dad and I are having a great time. We're only days away from L.A. and I can hardly wait for the big concert .\" Sadness cover over me when I saw what I wrote. I look over to Viki before turning to my father. \"More Hi Dad Soup, please,\" he says in his sleep with a smile. A half smile curls up on my face when I heard that. The truth needs to be told so my hand begins to re write it. \" Dear Roxanne, Sorry I lied, but I'm not really going to the Powerline concert. To be told, those were Viki's plans. Viki is a girl that I liked who is one of my best friends. You may never want to see me again…. \" My writing stops when I realized what I wrote. \"Oh, man! I'm dead no matter what I do!\" I said and hit the dashboard with my foot. The glove compartment opens and the map unfold into my lap, surprising me. I look at the route to Lake Destiny and than look over to L.A. A pencil rolls out of the compartment and points to L.A. Not sure of what to do, my hand picks up the pencil and erases the route to Lake Destiny and draw a new one to L.A. It's as if it has a mind of its own. Before it hits to L.A., the tip breaks off! My dad yawns, making me panicks more. I pick up the tip in cold sweat and finish the route before putting the map back into the glove compartment. Dad sees me sit back nervously through his half asleep eyes. \"How many cups of sugar does it take to get to the moon?\" he asked me sleepily. \"Uh, three and a half?\" I guessed nervously. He gives me a sleep before falling back to sleep. I sigh in relief. The postcard stares back to me and I rip it into pieces. I open the window to let the wind to take of the pieces. Without my knowledge, the \"I lied\" piece caught itself in a branch. Hopefully some sleep will help me figure out which girl I like the most.[Chapter 9] Chapter 9: (Author's Note: Please I would like to see reviews of the story itself. Not about Roxanne and Max as a couple or anything relating to the movie and anything. I don't wish to be mean or mad or anything, I just would like to have reviews about the story itself. Thank you for your time.) *Viki's POV* When the morning came, Bigfoot is nowhere to be seen. The Goofs and us have the same idea of getting out stuff quickly and leave the area as soon as possible. Aunt Vivi leads out of the area and towards the nearest town or city. Hopefully we can find a hotel soon today because of a shower, but I'm sure we can. A diner catches our eye. Stomachs growl. Breakfast does sound good now. When she parks into a spot, we quickly make ourselves more decent by brushing our hair, putting on some body spray, brushing our teeth, and putting a little makeup. The cook rings a bell a the order counter while saying, \"Pick up!\" \"Hold your horses!\" the waitress says back while getting the four plates of food onto a tray. She walks over to us with our orders. \"Short stack?\" she asked with one of the plates. \"Right here!\" Goofy smiles. \"Here you go, hon. Hashbrowns with pancakes?\" \"Right here,\" I smiled. \"Here you go,\" she says, placing it to me. \"French toast?\" \"Over here,\" Aunt Vivi smiles. \"Here you go,\" the waitress places her plate in front of my aunt. \"Eggs?\" she asked Max about his plate. No response. \"Eggs?\" she tries again and nothing. \"Eggs!\" \"Oh!\" Max comes out of his thinking. \"Oh! Yea, yea! Right here! Sorry.\" \"Here you go, cutie,\" she comments with a smile and places his plate in front of him. The eggs and bacon that he has is formed into a smiling face. We begin to eat a little bit of our food when Mr. Goof notices his son thinking about something while picking at his food. I noticed Max is looking at the map that is in between Aunt Vivi and I. Mr. Goof, Aun Vivi, and I look at the map to see that Mr. Goof has an idea. \"Max, I think we need to talk about this,\" he says to his son while waving it to him. \"Huh?\" Max is confused like us. \"Seems to me you need to start taking some responsibility around here,\" he takes him before tapping his water glass with his fork. \"Excuse me,\" he speaks out to everyone in the diner. \"Uh, can I have your attention please?\" Everyone looks at him while Aunt Vivi and I watch curiously while Max looks embarrassed. \"I, Goofy, hereby dub my son, Maxmillian, official navigator and head which-layer of this here road trip,\" Mr. Goof knights Max while giving him the map. Everyone cheers at this which we look at him in disbelief and smiles. \"Seriously?\" Max asked in disbelief, taking the map. \"I'm not even looking at the map anyone,\" Mr. Goof says, sitting back down next to Aunt Vivi. \"As matter of fact, you can pick all the stops from here to Lake Destiny. I trust you wholeheartedly, son. To the open road!\" he raise up his drink for a toast. Aunt Vivi raises up her drink with a smile as well. I follow the suit. \"To the open….road!\" Max joins in as we clip onto our drinks for the toast. *No One's POV* Goofy begins to drive towards the next stops with Max navigating. Vivi and Viki are following them along the way. Some of the journey includes of going to the beach where Viki is self-conscious of wearing her one piece black and gray plaid swimsuit in front of Max. They watch Goofy having a terrible time with a jetski. Towards the next stop, Vivi's car has a flat tire so they had to stop to fix the tire. At one point Vivi and Viki accidently hit their heads together. Vivi watches her niece proudly of putting on a tire of the car. Max decides on amusement park. The girls aren't big on roller coasters, but they're happy that they can watch over their stuff from the park while Max and Goofy are on the rides. Goofy didn't have the stomach for the roller coaster. A monster truck rally is up Vivi's and Viki's alley where they had an amazing time there. Goofy didn't like the noise so much. Max notices this and thinks it is time for something that his father will like. The next stop is the amazing house of yarn which he noticed was on one of the stops on the map from Goofy's childhood. New Orleans was an unfortunate time with a mine, but they had a good time there overall. After New Orleans, this time it is Goofy's car that had the flat tire. Max and Goofy somehow managed to get a new tire onto their car. Carl's Butt Caverns is one of the girls' favorite places because of the bats, but a picture with all of them awaken the bats from their sleep. A baseball game was fun because the Goofs got one of the baseballs autographed from Goofy's goofiness. By the end of the day, they look for a hotel to stay in for the night.[Chapter 10] Chapter 10: *Viki's POV* The motel that we are staying at is at \"Neptune Inn\" for the night. To save on money, they decided on using one room with two beds. With our stuff in our hands, we are amazed of the beauty of the decor of the motel. \"Gosh!\" Mr. Goof breaths with a smile. It's a sea life decor with little details of what living in the ocean might be like. \"Whoa,\" I smiled, looking at the bed. \"Check out the bed,\" I said, gently getting on the water bed. Definity something new for me and Aunt Vivi. \"Check out the dresser, coral!\" Goofy smiles from the dresser. Max finds a mermaid shaped lamp on the wall and begins to turn it on and off. \"Nice lamp,\" he comments. \"Classy choice, there, navigator,\" Aunt Vivi smiles to him, wrapping an arm around his shoulders. Suddenly there is pounding against the door, scaring us. \"This is the police! We've got to the place surrounded, see! You Goofs and Blacks come out with your hands up!\" Mr. Goof walks over to the door with caution, but when the door opens we see Mr. Pete coming in pretending to shoot at Goofy and Max. Which he begins to laugh with Aunt Vivi and I joining into the laughter. \"You should have seen the look on your face!\" Mr. Pete says through the laughter. \"You really had him fooled, Pete!\" Mr. Goof laughs, referring about his son. \"Me?\" Max laughs. \"You jumped out of your skin!\" \"Uh uh! I was just pretending for your sake!\" \"Oh, right! Sure!\" \"Did to!\" \"Did not!\" \"Oh, ain't that sweet!\" Mr. Pete says getting a little annoyed. \"Don't let him fool you with that buddy-buddy act, now,\" he tells Mr. Goof aside. \"Under your thumb!\" he thumbs his nose making me confused. \"So, since we're all being palsy-walsy here, how about letting me hook up the RV?\" he asked us. \"Well….\" Mr. Goof wasn't sure about it. \"Oh, it's just a tiny little extension cord. You'll hardly even notice it.\" \"I'll take care of the bill of it if necessary,\" Aunt Vivi volunteers with a smile. \"Great!\" Mr. Pete smiles. \"PJ!\" PJ comes in carrying an enormous cords and cables. His father points to another part of the room where he takes them to there. \"Hey, Vivi. Why don't you order us some pizza?\" Mr. Pete asked my aunt. \"This might take a while.\" She nods her head in agreement. While Aunt Vivi and Mr. Goof are ordering pizza and getting ready to check out of the hot tub which I know for sure that my aunt wants to check it out. Max tells PJ and I what has happened the last night that we were last together. Which I am mad about, but I understood why he would do that. \"Here you go, kids,\" Mr. Goof smiles to us, giving us our pizza while ready for the hot tub. \"I'm gonna go check out the hot tub.\" \"Oh, okay sir,\" PJ smiles back. \"Thank you Mr. Goof,\" I smiled as well, laying on my stomach next to Max on the bed. \"Alright,\" Max smiles too. \"I can't believe you, man,\" PJ says to Max when Mr. Goof left. \"Whatever made you think your dad would fall for a stupid idea like that?\" he asked about the map while getting a slice of pizza. \"It wasn't stupid!\" Max tells him, getting his slice. \"Come on, it was really stupid!\" PJ chuckles. \"Changing the map?\" I asked, getting my slice. *No One's POV* Pete was about to enter into the room when he overhears Viki about changing the map and decides to listen to more. \"Look, I didn't know what I was doing, alright?\" Max says. \"I...I was...I was panicked!\" *Vivi's POV* My swimsuit is a 50's inspired retro black and polka dot print halter bathing suit that goes down to almost shorts like bottoms to the upper thighs. It's awesome that the motel has a hot tub that I can hang out with Pete again like we did in college just to hang out and talk about life. I meet up with my best friend Pete to see Goofy at the hot tub as well. \"Taking a break from the MTV generation, huh?\" Pete smirks at Goofy when he re emerges from the water. \"Hehe, can't say as I blame you.\" \"Same here,\" I smiled, getting into the tub first than Pete. The water spills out due to Pete's size. \"People are always putting too much water in these things,\" Pete comments about it making Goofy and I smile at him. \"So, um, you and your son seem to be, uh, getting along just hunky dory, huh?\" Pete asked, getting comfortable. \"Yea, it's been great!\" Goofy smiles. \"You know, it's funny, but none of your techniques worked for me. The harder I tried the worse it got. Once I eased up, things just clicked.\" \"Oh, that's swell! So, uh, no problems than, huh?\" \"Not a one,\" Goofy gets comfortable. Than Pete seems to have something on his mind. Sometimes he will fake his edgernious out of nervousness. Which is one of them, catching my attention. \"I...I just hate to be the bearer of bad news, but, uh,\" Pete begins, acting nervous. \"What is it, Pete?\" Goofy asked concern. \"Your kid's duping you,\" he admits, surprising not only Goofy, but also me. \"What do you mean?\" I asked. \"Well, I heard the little mutant telling Viki and PJ that he changed the mape so...you're heading straight to L.A. pal!\" Pete tells us, shocking us. \"What?\" Goofy's stunned. \"Oh, you tried, Goof. He's just a bad kid, that's all.\" \"I don't believe you,\" Goofy says softly. \"What?\" \"I don't believe you Pete,\" Goofy says a little louder. \"Well, hey! Don't take my word for it. Check your map,\" Pete tells him as Goofy walks past me to get of the tub. \"I don't need to check the map,\" he tells him. \"I trust my son. You know, maybe Max isn't all the things that you think a son should be, but he loves me.\" \"Hey! My son respects me!\" Pete's getting a little annoyed now. \"Yea.\" Goofy leaves with me calling for him, \"Check the map Goofy to be sure! What's going with Max and the map?\" I asked my best friend. \"It seems like Max changed it for your plans with Viki to impress some girl named Roxanne,\" Pete explains to me what he heard. \"Ugh!\" I lean back annoyed. \"This whole trip is for Max to at least notice Viki more than a best friend.\" \"Unfortunately, Viv, it seems like Viki is losing here,\" he tells me worried for me for real. \"I didn't want to this happen again for her, remember when I told you that I tried to get Goofy to notice me in high school?\" I asked him. \"He left your heart broken without even knowing,\" he answers with a sigh. \"Yea,\" I sighed as well. *Viki's POV* Mr. Goof enters in with a trance like look of dumbstruck and disillusion as he walks towards their bed. \"Hi, dad,\" Max greets his father. \"Sorry about the mess. I'll clean it up.\" The room was a mess indeed from the boys. We watch Mr. Goof get into the bed and turns off the light. \"I think I better go,\" PJ whispers to us. \"See yea, Peej,\" I whispered back. \"Don't forget: Powerline!\" \"Shhh!\" Max shushes him.[Chapter 11] Chapter 11: *Vivi's POV* \"I'm going to turn in for the night,\" Pete says after a while of us hanging out. \"Okay, see ya Pete,\" I smiled to him as he leaves the hot tub. After some time in the hot tub, my mind begins to fill up the memories I had with Goofy. It makes me sad because I did everything I could for him to notice me as a woman, but I knew that it's not going to happen. \"Oh, Goofy, if only you notice how I feel about you,\" I speak mostly to myself sadly before singing, \" I used to sense there's love in the wind and feel like romance's at hand. And though me and him are friends since high school, I can't get rid of this feeling that I still have .\" My hand place itself against my heart. \" I used to think marriage was just around the bend, but he didn't noticed my feelings for him. He will never see how much he means to me. I think it's not to be .\" I look up to see the stars. \" How will he notice me more then a dear friend? Where will our actions lead us then? Although I'd like to tell him my feelings out loud in our romantic cloud. Try as I might, he didn't notice me. And will we ever end up together? No, I think not, we're simply never meant to be. For I am not the one .\" I cried a little with a sniffle before sighing just as sadly. *Viki's POV* After seeing Mr. Goof get into bed with that weird look on his face, I know that I need to know what's going on with my aunt. I head towards the hot tub and hear my aunt singing. Which it surprises me because it's been so long since I hear her singing. Her song breaks my heart. Aunt Vivi tries her hardest to show love towards Goofy, but he never return the feelings. She deserves love in a companion because she never had growing up. A light of a twinkling star from above catching my attention. My eyes look up to see the wishing star shining bright. I used to wish on the wishing star for Max to like me, but that wish is going to come true now. Maybe a new wish will. \"Star light star bright, first star I see tonight, I wish I may I wish I might, have the wish I wish tonight,\" I say the familiar wishing star rhyme. \"I wish for Aunt Vivi's soulmate to come. If it's Mr. Goof, let him realize her in that way, but if she has a soulmate that isn't him, please let the person to come soon.\" A smile curls up on my lips as I blow a kiss to the star for luck. *No One's POV* The next morning, Goofy is driving with the same look on his face from last night. He, at some point, look at his son who nervously grins back before turning back. A sign catches his attention. The junction with left and right turns. The Goofs are going to the right while the girls are going to the left. Goofy takes the map and gives it to Max speaking, \"well, here you go, navigator. Just follow my route on the map, son.\" He needs to know whether his friend Pete said was true or not. \"Okay,\" Max says, opening the map. Another sign points to Idaho on the right and the left for California. \"Here comes our junction,\" Goofy tells him. Vivi and Viki watch instantly at the Goof car as they slowly turn to the left for California. Max looks at Lake Destiny and L.A. torn of what to do. \"Okay, Max, now this is is,\" Goofy tells him nervously. \"Left or right?\" He didn't know what to do! \"Come on, Max!\" Goofy tells him freaking out. \"Left!\" Max screams out at the last minute. The car scrapes the center divider when they barely make it up the left ramp. Goofy is angry while Max sighs in relief. *Viki's POV* \"This isn't good,\" I commented with widen eyes when I saw that. \"Goofy won't like this,\" Aunt Vivi add in as well. Aunt Vivi and I follow them to a ledge of the cliff that the Goofs can talk things out. \"Should we go and help them?\" I asked my aunt when she parks behind the Goof car. \"Nah, let them talk to each other,\" she says while turning off the car. Max tries to get Mr. Goof to listen to his reasonings. Mr. Goof didn't want to listen to what he had to say which it's making me nervous. It doesn't look so well when Max walks back to the car. Aunt Vivi and I look at each other before nodding once. We left the car and separate to a different Goof. \"Hey, Max,\" I greeted him with a nervous smile. \"I'm sure that Mr. Goof will eventually come around to listen to you.\" \"No matter what I do Viki, it always end in disaster,\" Max sighs and kicks the tire. \"I panicked and look what it got to us to.\" \"Look, Max,\" I tell him, staring at him. \"Roxanne's a good girl and all, but you need to be honest not only to her, but your father as well. Maybe if you can-\" \"Me to do what?\" Max almost yells at me annoyed. \"Try to talk to him? You know what kind of father I have! He won't listen to me not matter what I do.\" \"And you know what kind of father Mr. Goof is,\" I'm getting fed up with this. \"He's Goofy, silly, dizzy, and other things, but that's who he is as a person,\" I explain to him. The more I'm talking to him about this whole situation, the more I realize that maybe Max isn't the one for me. I wanna be with someone who has a good relationship with his family similar to how I am with Aunt Vivi. Not to the extreme, but still a good one. Max leans against the car and the car begins to move forward! \"Hey, hey, hey! The car!\" Max calls out for his father from falling onto the ground. We both are freaked out. \"What? Now you want to drive too?\" Mr. Goof asked still mad with Max and still turn away. \"No, Mr. Goof! Your car! Look!\" I called out to him, freaking out. \"Oh, the car!\" he screams out, running after it with Max. Aunt Vivi and I run to our car and drive after it.[Chapter 12] Chapter 12: (Author's Note: I only want reviews for the story and nothing about Max and Roxanne. Please and thank you. Yes, I am thinking about Extremely Goofy Movie as a squeal of the story. Powerline will come soon, I promise.) *No One's POV* Vivi drives straight down towards the moving car where the father and son are running after it. Panic and anger spreads through the group about the situation. Mainly from Goofy and Max. \"What'd you do now, Max?\" Goofy asked his son angrily, chasing the car. \"I didn't do anything, Dad!\" Max argues back. \"I only touched it!\" The car drives under the low underpass making their stuff fall off. Goofy accidentally steps on a skateboard and Max joins him to get more stability towards the car. Vivi honks the horn at them and helping them up on the hood of the car for more speed. Goofy and Max manage to get to their car where Goofy grabs the handle of his driver's door. \"You locked it!\" he argues with Max. \"I locked it?\" Max argues back, getting over to his passenger side. \"It's your door. You locked it!\" He opens his door to get inside. \"Well, you distracted me!\" His son rolls down the window and pulls him halfway into the car. \"You should have put the brake on!\" \"Why don't you just put it on yourself?\" Goofy glares back at him and trying to set the brake, but it comes off into his hand. \"See?\" Max says. \"You ruin everything.\" \"What should we do, Aunt Vivi?!\" the long black haired young teenage girl asked her aunt, freaking out with everything going on. \"Uh, I'm working on it, Viki!\" Vivi responses freaked out as well, driving like a mad woman. The Goof car ran through the retaining fence and the girls' car runs after it on the fence. \"Well, you ruined the vacation!\" Goofy glares at Max through the rough bumps. Both cars sail through the air and start to bounce on rock formations. The weight of both cars bouncing on them made them fall down one by one. Viki and Vivi lost control of their own car because they forgot their seatbelts. \"I ruined it?\" Max asked, arguing back while the car bounces. \"I never….\" bounces, \"wanted to go,\" bounces, \"on this stupid…\" bounces, \"vacation!\" Max screams as the car falls down to the river down below. Viki and Vivi scream as their car follows them without their control. They hold onto each other, waiting for the impact, but the moment when their car hit the water, the force separates them. *Vivi's POV* Viktoria is no longer in my arms when I feel the water. No air was going into my lungs as I try to find my way back up to the surface. \"Viktoria!\" I called out scared because I couldn't see her. \"Ms. Black!\" Max calls for me, seeing me. I look over, trying to stay above the water, to see Viktoria and Max together and trying to keep above the water as well. Rope catches my eye in the water. My car is nearby the Goof car. I quickly swim over to it with the rope in my hand. Viktoria gets the message and quickly helps me with tying the two cars together with the rope. Goofy is just hanging from the side of the car. \"Now, look where you got all of us, Dad!\" Max screams at his father as he gets up on top of the Goof car. \"Do we really need to do this now?!\" I screamed in my head. \"Where I got us?\" Goofy asked back, screaming. They help each other up as I help my niece up on our side. \"You should've let me stay at home!\" \"Why? So you'd end up in prison?\" What Goofy said made us look at the two surprised and confused. Both of the cars go through rapid waves and a few times we went under the water. \"Prison?! What are you talking?!\" \"Your principal called me,\" Goofy confessed. \"It's not what you think, Mr. Goof,\" Viktoria steps in, hoping to put an end to this. \"You even lied to me, Max!\" Goofy yells at his son. \"I had to! You were ruining my life!\" \"Guys!\" I even tried to step in, but it didn't work. \"I was only trying to take my boy fishing, okay?\" \"I'm not your little boy anymore, Dad!\" Max slams his fist down in anger. \"I've grown up! I've got my own life now!\" \"I know that! I just wanted to be a part of it!\" Goofy's true feelings came out for his son. Max looks at his father surprised as we did. The waves calmed down. \"You're my son, Max,\" Goofy says softly. \"No matter how big you get, you're always my son.\" Viktoria and I look at each other sadly. This matter means deeper than what we thought. Max and Goofy turn their backs at each other on the roof of their car. We let the guys be to think about what to do with each other. I help out with Viktoria's long jet black hair by twisting it so I can rinse it out the extra water. Sometimes her hair will be like my hair, it will become all frizzy once it gets wet without proper care. Once done, my fingers place the locks into a tight braid that I use a hairband from my wrist to tight it all together. \"Thank you, Aunt Vivi,\" she smiles to me once her hair is done. \"You're welcome, Viktoria,\" I smiled back. The smile grew more on her face as her black eyes closed. I look at my niece more to see that she looks nothing like her parents aka my sister and her husband. She looks just like me in every way in appearance, personality, and attitude. Like as if she's my daughter instead of my niece. Small, black nose moves up whenever she has a happy smile on her face. Black pointy ears stand out on top of her locks of hair with small red earrings. To be honest, like I said before, Viktoria is my mini-me. She looks just like me when I was her age. Sure she dresses the look of grunge while I wore the normal clothing in the '60s in dark colors before going into the punk/rock scene in the 70s. Viktoria returns the favor with my hair, but this time she places it into a braided bun.[Chapter 13] Chapter 13: *No One's POV* The sun soon breaks through the clouds when Max decides to break the silence singing, \" There are times you drive me, shall we say, bananas and your mind is missing, no offense, a screw .\" \"None taken,\" Goofy tells his son. \" Still, whatever mess I land in, who is always understanding? Nobody else but you !\" Max sings to his father as the four enter into a narrow cave opening. Goofy and Vivi lean back since they are taller than Viki and Max, but they're leaning against them. \" Oh, you moodiness is now and then bewildering and your values may be, so to speak, askew !\" Goofy sings push the cars towards another location when they hit the cave's wall. \"Gezuntheit!\" Max tells him. \"Thanks!\" Goofy says with a smile. \" Who deserves a hero's trophy as we face each catastrophe ?\" Vivi and Goofy push against a stalactite in between them to gain some speed. \" Nobody else but you !\" \" Who would have ever thought that I will get custody of the child of my sister and one thing lead to another, the child will become the daughter that I never had, nobody else but you ,\" Vivi sings to Viki with a smile. Viki smiles back and sings as well, \" Although that time was a rather difficult time, instantly like a flip of a dime, \"things happen for a reason,\" says someone who I call the mother I always wanted. You never once made me feel unwanted, nobody else but you .\" Vivi smiles big and hugs Viki tightly as the sun greets them when they float out of the cave. \" Nobody else but you !\" the all four sing together. \" It's just our luck .\" Goofy and Vivi begin to move their side of the cars down into the water, but Max and Viki help them back up. \" We're stuck together! Nobody else but you! It's crazy enough to believe we'll come through !\" \" So your jokes are all, let's face it, prehistoric !\" Max sings to Goofy while taking off his shoes. \" And your music sounds like monkeys in a zoo !\" Goofy sings and taking off his shoes. \" Your fashion is an older version of my clothing ,\" Viki takes off her shoes. \" And your music sounds exploding ,\" Vivi takes off her shoes. \" But when life becomes distressing, who will I be S-O-S-ing ?\" the four sing together while putting their feet into the water. \" If you're having trouble guessing here's a clue !\" Viki sings and pulls up her foot to show a fish on her big toe. \" Though he seems intoxicated, he's just highly animated !\" Vivi has a little fish on her big toe as well. \" And he's nobody else but…. \" Max and Viki sing together with smiles. \" Nobody else but you !\" the four sing together again while Vivi has her arm around Viki's shoulders like Goofy with Max's shoulders. \" We've turned into a true quartet !\" Goofy splashes a nearby squirrel by accident. \" Hard times, we've had a few…. \" They enter into a whirlpool where the four hold hands together. \" Like we're thrown in the drink ,\" Vivi and Goofy sing together smiling. \" Like we're tossed out of town ,\" Viki and Max sing together smiling. \" But when I start to sink, hey, I'd rather go down ,\" they all sing as they went down before reappearing back up next to it. \" With nobody else but Y-O-U !\" Vivi kisses Viki on the side of her head. \"Aw, Vivi!\" Viki smiles big to her. *Viki's POV* \"Well, anyway, I figure she's never gonna want to talk to me again, must less go out with me,\" Max ends his explanation of what's going on as we float more done the river. \"Dumb lie, huh?\" \"Well, what do you know,\" Goofy seems to take this very well. \"My Maxie, in love! Gosh, you're really grown up! It happened so fast, I guess I sort of missed it.\" \"Welp,\" Aunt Vivi speaks up with a smile, having an idea. \"I think the only thing for us to do now is to get you up on stage with Powerline,\" she tells Max. \"Uh, How are we going to do that?\" I asked her. \"They don't have tickets and passes as we do.\" \"Now, you just leave that up to me,\" Goofy says with a smile, pointing to himself. \"No, Dad, really,\" Max steps in. \"I really we should just, you know, forget it.\" \"Now, how come you always think I'm going to lead you into some sort of calamity?\" Goofy asked him. I look up ahead to see something that my eyes widened in shock. \"Uh, guys?\" I speak through my shock. \"What is it, Viki?\" Aunt Vivi asked, concern of my shock. \"Look!\" Max and I move our guardians' heads to see the high waterfall. \"A waterfall,\" Goofy says a matter a fact before panicking. \"A waterfall!?\" Goofy and Max paddle upstream on their side while Aunt Vivi and I do the same thing on our side, but we both fail. Both of our guardians fall into the water and hold onto a rock while the robe breaks off, causing the cars to separate. \"Dad!/Aunt Vivi!\" Max and I screamed out to them, scared to death. \"Max!/Viktoria!\" they called back, scared to death as well. *No One's POV* A couple of fishing poles hit Goofy in the back of his head. He grabs them and gives one to Vivi. They climb onto some rock formations trying to get a good place to get Max and Viki. Vivi finally gets onto a log with Goofy and extends their pole towards them. \"Grab a hold, guys!\" Vivi yells out. Viki and Max try to but missed. The Goof car goes over a rock in the river and flips over. Max gets tangled into a tarp. Viki quickly gets the tickets and passes from the glove compartment which they're in a waterproof blinder and place it in her top to be safe. Goofy's line catches the car to stop from going over the falls, but it only lasts for a second. Vivi's line did the same thing for her car which succeeded. Viki uses the opportunity to get Max onto their car, still tangled up in the tarp. Goofy's line breaks the log that he's on, catching Vivi in the process. The adults are in the water while the teens fall down the waterfall. Luckily for them, the tarp that he had on forms into a parachute and the updraft from the falls carries them up above them. Max and Viki see his father and her aunt almost at the edge of the falls. \"Dad!\" Max calls out. \"Aunt Vivi!\" she calls out. Goofy holds onto Vivi and extends his fishing pole still in his hand towards Max. He grabs the end with Viki. For a few moments, the four are above the falls. Suddenly the cork handle fo the pole comes off, causing both Goofy and Vivi to fall again. \"Max!/Viktoria!\" Goofy and Vivi call out for them. Without thinking, Max does the Perfect Cast, making Viki uncomfortable and holding onto him. \"Ten o'clock, quarter to three, tour jete, twist, I'm a little teapot, let 'er fly!\" he cast out to Goofy and Vivi. The line flies down to get them. Goofy and Vivi disappear into the mist of the falls. Max and Viki are starting to worry that he is too late, but then the line catches something. The two get pulled down, but he starts reeling in the line. Soon, the figures of their guardians appear to him with the hook on Goofy's pants. He's still holding onto Vivi. Everyone is relieved to see each other again. Goofy's eyes have tears in them on how his son saved them. \"The Perfect Cast!\" Goofy's proud of Max. All four of them pull themselves into a huge hug. Viki's so happy to have her only living relative back to her. The long forgotten map is blown by the wind to land on Goofy's head. \"Boy, this has been one crazy vacation,\" Max comments with a smile. \"And it's not even over yet,\" Goofy smiles and throwing away the map.[Chapter 14] Chapter 14: *No One's POV* Here we are in Los Angeles, CA. The Powerline concert is in full swing of people with tickets and passes. Vivi and Viki managed to get inside the building for backstage with their passes so they can locate Max and Goofy. \"Max? Mr. Goof?\" Viki whispers to one room. \"Viki?\" Max whispers back from the instruments. \"Oh, good you are here,\" Vivi whispers as well, than noticed something. \"Where's your father?\" she asked him. A fiddle base opens to show Goofy inside of the case and falling out of it. \"We made it!\" Goofy smiles at his son. \"Come on, Max! Let's get you on stage!\" he says while taking his son and with Vivi following him. \"Uh, maybe this isn't a good idea,\" Max tries to reason with his father. Than a couple of dancers wearing spandex walk passed by Max and Viki. She rolls her eyes annoyed at her friend admiringly looking at them. \"Uh, than again,\" he says with a smile before realizing that his father disappeared. \"Dad? Dad!\" \"Aunt Vivi?\" Viki calls out, realizing her disappearance as well. \"Vivi!\" On the stage, darkness surrounds the fans to see the blue smoke appear and electricity shows up from the poles and onto the orb that rise up from the smoke. Inside shows a figure of man which later reveals to be Powerline himself by the explosion. \" I got myself a notion ,\" Powerline begins to perform for the fans. \" And one I know that you'll understand ,\" the lights become a tint of pink or red as the dancers come out. \" We set the world in motion by reaching out for each other's hand .\" \"Dad?/Vivi?\" Max and Viki asked, looking for their guardians under the stage. Both can hear music from above them. They look to see Powerline and the dancers performing for the fans. Huge smiles on their faces as they look at each other. \" Maybe we'll discover what we should have known all along .\" A flashlight hits the two teenagers. \"What are you two doing here? Hey!\" the security guard yells at them, obviously not seeing Viki's backstage pass around her neck. Max and Viki run away from the guard. \"One way or another together's where we both belong.\" Goofy and Vivi is still backstage looking through to find their teens. \"Max?/Viktoria?\" they both say at the same time. He opens one of the dressing rooms to look for his son, but to discover someone in there getting dressed. She screams and Goofy looks extremely embarrassed. The woman hits him out and he tumbles backwards into a large imposed piece of equipment with a door. Vivi runs into the equipment for Goofy, but the door closes on them and something starts to buzz. \" If we listen to each other's heart we'll find we're never too far apart ,\" Powerline sings and dances. \" And maybe love is the reason why. For the stime time ever, we're seeing it I 2 I .\" Through the TV screen, everyone who is invited to Stacey's party watches, hoping for a chance to see Max on TV. \"That Goof kid ain't there!\" Bobby points out. Roxanne looks worried. \"Don't worry, he'll be there,\" Stacey says to her best friend as she has her hand on her shoulder. Back at L.A., Max and Viki are running from the Security Guard. He sees a row of lights and climbs up and helps her up as well. The row of lights rise up and the guard is right behind them. Goofy and Vivi are now in a large globe just like Powerline did for his entrance. He's oblivious of what's going on while she's freaking out. \"Excuse me, but uh,\" Goofy tries to speak to someone now realizing what's going on. Now the two appear center stage with Powerline. \"Max?\" Goofy squints his eyes to the audience, looking for his son. The globe gets electrocuted causing both Goofy and Vivi to get the shock of Powerline's live. It explodes, throwing them at Powerline's feet. He was confused of them there, than sees a backstage pass on the stage. Vivi sees her pass on the stage as well. They both reach for it and their hands meet. Powerline and Vivi looks up to have their eyes meet as well. They immediately get into a romantic trance where there are little hearts around them. Viki sees this with widened eyes. A smile curls up on her face and her fingers laced together next to her face. Max sees this at first embarrassed, than gets an idea. \"Dad! Dad! Do the Perfect Cast!\" Goofy does the Perfect Cast like in a form of a dance while Powerline helps Vivi up on her feet and her pass is return to her. Powerline appears to enjoy the performance like Vivi. \" If you're ever lonely, stop ,\" Powerline sings, joining with Goofy and Vivi at the last part. \" You don't have to be. \" The Security Guard gets on the railing with Max and Viki with a scary look on his face. Max and Viki leaps over him to the other side where the wire breaks. They grab it, causing the guard to grab Max's feet and the three went sailing. The guard ends up smashing into the large TV while Max and Viki got in the middle of the stage with Powerline, Goofy, and Vivi. Powerline is surprised to see a girl looking like Vivi and smiles to her. She smiles back and begins to the Perfect Cast with Max. \" If we listen to each other's heart ,\" Powerline sings, \" we'll find we're never too far apart .\" Back at Stacey's party, Bobby calls out, \"Yea! Max is one the tu-ube! That's Max! I know him!\" The TV shows Max dancing where Roxanne watches with a big grin on her face. \" And maybe love is the reason why ,\" Powerline sings and dances with Vivi unexpectedly. \" For the first time ever, we're seeing it I 2 I ,\" Vivi joins in the singing and dancing with him. P.J. is scrubbing the floor of the RV in front of the TV and see Max and Viki on the screen with Powerline and their guardians. \"They did it!\" he smiles big when his father came up behind him. Out of shock, he spits out his beer onto the screen. He watches the TV with his jaw dropped. Back to Stacey's party, the two best friends tries to do the Perfect Cast. Bobby comes by and sprays them with cheese, joining in the party fun. He bumps into someone and drops the can. Both Bobby and Stacey reach for the can at the same time and their hands touch. They look at each other and smile. The concert continues on and finishes with a bang.[Chapter 15] Chapter 15: (Author's Note: For the ones who noticed \"How Violet Met the Grinch\" got deleted, I deleted it because it was getting out of control with a conflict. I was putting in the ideas from a reader named Sydney because I want to make sure that the readers are happy to see that I can in requests and/or ideas, but another didn't think I'm doing the right thing by having the readers take over on the story. It was the only story who was taking that many ideas so I originally thought it was okay since it was only one, but I guess not. And the writer who requested it wasn't commenting on it. The story is deleted base on too much chaos waiting to happen so I didn't want to deal with it. Also, the song between Vivi and Powerline will come for sure and I love so many Disney movies it's hard to choose. My favorites, however, must be Mulan, Nightmare Before Christmas, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Descendants anything and the Black Cauldron even though the Horned King scared me to death as a kid.) *Viki's POV* From backstage, Powerline introduces himself as Dustin Rollison and he's really nice. He's cool with us crashing in on his concert. Also, I couldn't help, but notice how close he and my aunt are getting. It still makes me smile, knowing she's happy. \"How are we going to get back to Spoonerville?\" Max asked once he noticed it's getting late. \"Where's Spoonerville?\" Powerline asked curiously. \"On the other side of the country,\" Aunt Vivi answered, trying to hide her sadness. Powerline looks sad as well. \"Don't worry about Max and me,\" Goofy smiles, \"I'll get us back home.\" \"What about us, Aunt Vivi?\" I asked her worried. \"I don't know,\" she tells the truth. \"I can get you both home,\" Powerline speaks up, offering with a smile. \"Oh no, Dustin! You don't have to!\" Aunt Vivi assures him, not wanting to waste his time. \"Oh I don't mind, really,\" he tells her smiling again. \"Besides, I have some time before the next concert.\" Aunt Vivi stays quiet for a few seconds before answering with an 'okay'. She wasn't sure but agrees. Later on, we separate from the Goofs and head out to where Powerline's ride is. Which it's a limousine! \"Never been in a limo?\" he asked, chuckling at our reactions. \"Never,\" Aunt Vivi and I answered, surprised. \"Come on in,\" he smiles, allowing us in first. I sit on a seat next to the double seat in the back. Aunt Vivi enters in next and then Powerline. \"Which hotel are you two staying at?\" he asked us. \"The one on the corner of Baker St. and Edinger Ave,\" Aunt Vivi answers. \"The small one?\" he asked surprised. \"It was kinda last minute with the whole situation we got ourselves into,\" I explained nervously, referring about what we explained earlier. \"I see,\" he says than begins to think about something. \"If you girls like, you two can spend the night at my hotel.\" We are surprised by his offer. \"A-Are you sure, Dustin?\" Vivi asks him, concern about him giving us too much of his time and money. \"Yes, I'm sure, besides I don't mind,\" he assures us with a smile. I look up to my aunt to see a blush covering on her peach colored face. \"I-If you insist,\" Aunt Viv stutters a little. The limo driver takes us to the hotel we are staying at to get our stuff. I begin to pack my stuff and is about done within fifteen minutes. My head turns to my aunt to see if she's ready, but she isn't. She's still packing rather slowly while thinking deep in thought. \"Aunt Vivi?\" I speak to her, snapping her out of her thoughts. \"Is everything okay?\" \"Oh, nothing, Viktoria,\" Vivi shrugs it off with a smile. \"Is it because Powerline is doing something for us fans unexpectedly?\" I ask her. \"Or you two felt something on stage?\" I ask about what happened at the concert. Her eyes widened when I ask that ever so calmly. \"Was it obvious?\" she asks blushing. \"Kind of,\" I chuckled a little at her blush. \"I don't mind,\" I smiled to her, surprising her. \"Really?\" \"Yea, you seem happier now when it comes to like romance and dating, even though you just met him,\" I tell her smiling more. \"Look, I'm not saying it because he's one of my favorite singers of all time, I'm saying it because there's something between you two.\" I place a hand on her hand. \"You deserve to have happiness from another. You allowed the one you used to love to fall for the woman of his dreams and allow your best friend to fall in love as well. Not once have you complain about it. Sure, it hurts you, but you always keep your head up, hoping for happiness one day.\" She takes in each word to heart as a smile curls up on her face. \"You really think so?\" Vivi asks. \"I know so,\" I smiled again. \"Come on, let's start packing and head to his hotel.\" \"Okay!\" she smiles more. All of our stuff is packed up and we head back to the limo, which I am grateful that it's still here. Powerline smiles when we see us, mostly towards Vivi for obvious reasons, and we are off. \"So, Viktoria,\" he speaks to me smiling. \"Are you in high school now?\" \"Actually yes, I am,\" I smiled back. \"I just finished up my freshman year of high school.\" \"Oh, really?\" \"Yes.\" Powerline, Aunt Vivi, and I are having a great time just getting it to know each other. I can tell that there's definitely something happening between them while he's also getting to know me as well. There's more to him than just his Powerline persona. He's passionate, kind, sweet, and nice. We got to see this side of him a little bit when we crashed into his concert. The more I got to know him, the more I realize that he's definitely the one for Aunt Vivi. Soon later, we arrived at one of the nicest hotels in Los Angeles and Aunt Vivi and I are surprised by how nice place it can be. \"Are you ladies hungry?\" he asks us smiling, offering us. \"I'm a little hungry,\" I tell him smiling back. \"Me too,\" Vivi smiles too. He orders a pizza and some soda. Turns out, we have the same tastes with him which that makes a plus in my book. *Later that night* *No One's POV* Viki and Vivi are laying in bed in the second room of the suite while Powerline's in the first room. The young teenager is sleeping peacefully and on her right side, away from her aunt as she lays on her left side awake from different emotions and thoughts running through her mind. \" This is too good to be true ,\" her voice sings. \" Is it real or am I dreaming? Can it be you I really see ?\" \" Can it be you I really see ?\" \" I never knew I'd find a handsome Prince Charming ,\" her voice sings more as she closes her eyes to think about memories from her past. \" And out of the blue, you came to me .\" The flashback from Powerline's concert. \" You're all the heavenly things I've been dreaming of .\" A soft smile curls up on her face, remembering the warm touch from his gloved hand. \" Don't spread your wings and fly away. But if you're only passing through ,\" her eyebrows frown in sadness as she turns to look up to the ceiling, \" then take me to heaven with you. Or is this a dream? Too good to be true ?\" \" This is too good to be true. Is this real or am I dreaming? Can it be your I really see? I never knew I'd find a handsome Prince Charming. And out of the blue, you came to me. You're all the heavenly things that I've been dreaming of. Don't spread your wings. Don't fly away .\" Vivi turns on her right towards her niece to place her arm around her to protect her only family member left. Her eyes closed as she falls asleep. Little did she know, Powerline's laying in his bed on his right side as if he's looking back at her. \" But if you're only passing through, then take me to heaven with you ,\" his voice sings like hers, remembering looking deep within Vivi's beautiful eyes. \" Aaaaaaaaaaah .\" \" Or is this a dream? Too good to be true ,\" he sings more as he slowly turns on his back and closes his eyes. \" Too good to be true .\" ","Summary":" Chapter 1: *No One's POV* A field of wheat gets gently blown by the wind with a sky colored in blue"},{"Movie":"Another Cinderella Story","Title":"Another Cinderella Story Continued","Author":"HersheyBarzXo","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6070095","Passage":"[Chapter 1] (AN:I wrote this back in February when I got my wisdom teeth removed and I found it this morning when I was going the my folder of files on my Bro's Laptop cause he told me to delete all the stuff I didn't need. There will be more chapters though if I you guys like it:) Mary's POV: I heard a knock on the door, and was surprised when I opened it and saw Joey standing there. \"OH MY GOSH!\"I practically screamed.\"JP!\" \"Mary! Who is it?\" My roommate Gabby yelled from the bathroom. I was living in the dorms at the Manhattan Dance Academy. \"A friend of mine\" I yelled back to her. \"Come in.\" I moved aside to let Joey in. Me and Joey were sitting on my bed talking quietly when Gabby came in. \"The way you were yelling I thought it was a criminal or something.\" Gabby Joked, clearly not noticing Joey. \"Nope, it was just a friend of mine.\" I laughed. Gabby turned to me about to say something, but then for the first time noticed \"my friend.\" Her mouth fell open in shock, then she did a bouble take. \"Oh Mi Gosh!\" She screamed. \"Your Joey Parker!\" I automatically burst out laughing at her reaction. \"Mary how come you never told me that you knew Joey Parker?\" The way she said it and the look on her face made me laugh even more. \"Actually, he's my um... He's my, my...\" I tried to tell her when I had finally calmed down. But I couldn't find the right words to tell her, she was one of my only friends at the Academy and I didn't want to lose her. Luckily Joey figured out from my stuttering that i was afraid to tell her, so he told her for me in a way that she couldn't get mad at me. \"I'm her boyfriend.\" He told Gabby. \"Me and Mary both decided that we didn't want to go public because of all the extra attention we would have gotten.\" Gabby continued to look at us dumbfoundedly. I put my hand infront of her face and snapped my fingers. She finally snapped out of her little daze and looked at us. \"By the way JP if you didnt figure this out already, this is my roommate Gabby.\" I introduced her to Joey. \"Thats so cool!\" Gabby said. \"Well now I can tell people I know a famous person.\" She joked. \"Oh, and don't worry I won't tell anyone about this.\" \"Thx Gabby.\" Joey replied. \"Oh ya, I almost forgot to ask, Joey how are you here? Aren't you supposed to be on tour?\" I asked him. \"I am on tour. My last few concerts for this tour are in the Manhatten area and theres twoish in Beverly Hills.\"He told us. \"I came by to ask if you wanted to come to the concert tonight and sing New Classic with me, Gabby you can come too.\" \"Thanks for coming because you wanted to see me JP\" I said sarcasticlly. \"Mary, if I didn't want to see you I wouldn't have even come to ask you if you wanted to come to the concert either.\" He replied equally sarcastic. \"Ok... Then I guess I'll come. What about you Gabby?\" \"If your going then I'll come too.\" She told us. \"Okay, well than we should probably leave soon because I have soundcheck in an hour.\" Joey told us. We nodded our agreement and Gabby and I got up to go get ready.[Chapter 2] Hey Everyone, Sorry I haven't updated in a couple of months, but I'm kinda stuck on ideas for this. I'm NOT going to discontinue or anything, but I just wanted to say I'm not going to be posting very often because of that. I'll update as often as I can though. So if anybody has any ideas I could use, message me, or even email me at just_that_ :) If I use any of your ideas, I'll give you credit for it in the chapter. Secondly I have an idea for another ACS fanfic, and I'll post the summary and and a preview for it, I'm typing that up after I finish this, so once you guys are done reading this go look at it. It's gonna be called Undercover Rockstar or something along those lines :) ~Peace Love Jonas~ Harsh3[Chapter 3] (AN: I'm SO SO SO SO SO sorry that this took forever, i know it's been like 6 months but i'm really sorry. And thank you so much to the people who reviewed and gave ideas. Your getting credited for chapters that I use the ideas in, and when i finish the stories everyone's getting there own special shout out. It's also kinda short, but its still better then nothing right? :) Joey's POV: Mary and Becky (An: I changed her room mates name to Becky:) left to go change and I sat down on one of the beds while I waited for the girls to come out. Mary being Mary came out less then 5 minutes later, wearing black skinny jeans and a black t-shirt and sat down on the bed next to me. \"Becky might take a while.\" She told me. \"That's ok we have plenty of time. And it's fine if i'm a little late I just need to get there before soundcheck.\" I replied pulling her closer to me. She nodded and lifted her head up placing a soft kiss on my lips. I deepened it, and she wrapped her arms around my neck, Running her fingers through my hair. She started to take my shirt off when my phone rang. \"Hello?\" I answered it, as I caught my breath. \"Hey JP?\" \"Yeah?\" I asked, absentmindedly kissing Mary. \"Bad news, one of the dancers twisted her ankle practicing for tonights show, and can't dance. There's no way we're gonna be able to find another dancer for tonight, and for them to learn the routine. Ww need to have you down here now to make adjustments to it so it'll work without the one dancer.\" \"I'm sorry, can you excuse me for a minute?\" I asked having an idea. \"Um.. Yeah sure.\" I put my phone on the bedside table and looked at Mary. \"Do you think you could learn a dance routine in half an hour and perform it tonight at the concert?\" She looked skeptical and started to say no, but I interrupted her. \"Please baby?\" I asked giving her my puppy dog look. \"Arg! Fine.\" I picked up my phone and explained my plan to my manager as Becky came out of the bathroom. (Thanks again you guy, review please, and I promise I'll try my best to get the next one up soon :)[Chapter 4] (AN: Hey everyone, I'm so, so, so sorry that I haven't updated in FOREVER! I've just been really lazy, and my computer was screwed up. It still is but i'm updating from my Dad's computer right now. I hopefully will update soon cause I really want to continue with this story, although I might not update frequently, but there still will be updates. Thank you SO much to everyone who revied, you guys are honestly my inspiration, and hopefully you guys dont hate me cause its been over a year since I last updated. Enjoy! 3 :) JOEY POV: I picked up my phone and explained my plan to my manager, who agreed. \"What's going on?\" Becky asked coming out of the bathroom and seeing the nervous look on Mary's face. \"I-I have to da-dance in front of hundreds of p-p-people.\" \"Come on, we gotta leave now so I can show you the routine.\" Mary still looked nervous, but I could still tell she was excited. \"Oh quit being so Over dramatic Mary, you done it before.\" I said lightly kissing her lips as I pulled her up with me. \"No! I don't wanna go!\" She whined, resisting my pull. \"And hey!\" Me and Becky laughed at her childish behavior as she got up, and followed us out of the room. Mary's POV: I nervously followed behind Joey as he led me and Becky into the arena. He slowed down and grabbed my hand leading us into the room where his whole crew, dancers, and everyone else was waiting. Everyone quieted down as they saw Joey, whispering among themselves trying to figure out who me and Becky were. \"Hey Mary!\" Dustin practically yelled coming up and giving me a bear hug as I laughed. \"I missed you!\" I whined to him while returning the hug. \"How's Tami?\" \"Shes great.. Oh and don't tell her that were gonna be in Beverly hills on the weekend. It's a surprise.\" He warned me. I promised that I wouldn't as Joey turned to the group of people getting their attention for Dustin. \"Guys this is my beautiful girlfriend Mary and her friend Becky.\" As everyone started whispering about Joey having a girlfriend, Dustin quickly explained the plan and introduced me to Joey's choreographer, Jamaica, who dragged me and Becky to another room... TBC (To be continued:) (AN: I will hopefully update again soon, and thanks so much to: KallianaCorus, Shea, None, Immortalrunes, ., sprog101, , MMC gang, Bannanerz, angelicdreamer101, brucas224, Charmed Dark Alias, and everyone else who updated without leaving a name or anything, you guys are all amazing and Im sorry if i missed anyone. I will try to update again soon :)[Chapter 5] (AN:Hey everyone, so this isn't my best writing, but I am hopefully going to write more of this soon... The chapters kind of short but no matter how long I try to make it, it always ends up realy short so yeah.. Thanks to all the people, who reviewed the last chapter [You guys are all amazing 3] Names and stuff, will be in the end notes. Anyways, most of the crew that is close to Joey in this story are going to be based on Justin Biebers crew [Sorry if you don't like him:] because I am a fan of him [I'm not one of those creepy obbsessed fan though, I just like his music and find him slightly cute] and so I picture them acting the way his crew would so Ill make a character traight chapter thingy for them:) Mary's POV: Jamaica turned to me as she walked to the center of the room. \"How fast do you think you can learn one routine?\" \"Um.. Probably 5ish minutes. I'm not completely sure though, it depends.\" I told her. \"Okay, well then I can hopefully teach you most of at least four of the songs. Dustin told me you were in the New Classic video, so we can do the video routine instead. And we can probably do some of the routine with out you, and if you don't know parts we can work a few of the other dancers and you out of the dance halfway through and make it look really cool.\" Jamaica explained speaking half to herself at the same time. I nodded and we started. A few minutes into learning the third routine I could see the other dancers coming in from the corner of my eye. Jamaica continued dancing so I did too, continually looking through the corner of my eye to see what the others were doing. Everyone was in the room now but they were all just staring at me, making me nervous... Joey's POV: I watched as Jamaica dragged Mary out of the meeting going to teach her the routines, the rest of the dancers not knowing weather or not to follow. Dustin signaling for them to follow as my manager (who was here for once) finished addressing them. Me following shortly after, so we could go through once with everyone. I walked in to the rehearsal room to see everyone standing at the side of the room watching in shock that Mary had already learned the majority of at least 2 of the songs and it had only been 15 minutes. Not even a minute later Jamaica noticed me standing there and stopped dancing Mary doing the same. \"Okay people! Joseph is here, let's start rehearsing! Mary when we start doing stuff you haven't learned stand at the front and watch, then you try to do the moves after we're done.\" Jamaica said smiling at Mary. Everyone got in their positions and we started dancing. 45 minutes later The Funk came to get me, I followed him out and to my dressing room, and quickly got ready for sound check. I ran out of my dressing room, quickly finding one of the stage hands to put my mic pack on me, then went out to the stage to see Ryan and Dustin already getting the kids excited. \"Who here wants to ask Joey Parker a question today?\" Dustin asked as he saw me coming, Ryan pretending to scream along with the hyper fans. I laughed as Ryan picked a girl for the first question. \"Will you go out with me?\" She asked. \"Um... I'm sorry, I'm kind of in a realationship with my guitar right now..\" I said smiling politely at her, and pointing to another girl.\"You.\" \"Why are you so hot?\" She screamed. Everyone around me including the girl and her friends laughed as I struggled to answer the question.\"Um... Well... You see, my Mom, and my Dad..\" I trailed off laughing at the priceless looks on everyone especially the parents of the younger childrens faces as I pretented to answer. After a little while some of my dancers came on the stage and we had a dance off calling some kids up to show their dance moves, me and Legacy all even singing a little bit. The rest of soundcheck pretty much went the same way me, The Funk, and Ryan goofing off with the fans, and we went back stage to get ready for the concert. Me, Mary and the dancers quickly going through everything again, this time with Mary knowing most of all the routines. Jamaica eventually sending everyone to go relax a little bit. (AN: Ok first of all thank you LOTS to Arocksprpl2, Sprog101, and Angelicdreamer101 for reviewing the last chapter. You guys are all awesome. :)[Chapter 6] (AN: I know theres been a lot of fluff in my story so far but it's not gonna last for much longer cause I officially have an actual plot :D [somewhat] partially because of ideas that you guys [my wonderful reviewers] and also some that I thought of so some drama might be starting pretty soon.. Probably sometime in the next few chapters. Also, thanks to everyone who reviewed you shall be in the end notes 3. Also one last thing, there was a lot of dialogue, which I'm not the best at writing so... If anyone has any tips on that kind of stuff let me know. Hope you enjoy the chapter:) Joey's POV: I stood backstage with Dustin and Becky laughing as mary finally stopped going through dance steps and started nervously pacing back and fourth muttering in Spanish. \"Oh my gosh! I can't do this!\" Mary said starting to pull at her hair. \"I'm gonna screw up when I get out there, I just know it!\" \"No your not Mary, your gonna do fine. You always do!\" Becky spoke. \"Yeah, jut chill M! Your gonna kill it out there.\" Dustin encouraged. \"I can't! I just can't! There's like a million people out there! If I trip or mess up or something, it's gonna be all over YouTube!\" I quickly grabbed Mary's hands as she walked walked past and pulled her towards me. \"Mary! Mary, breathe! Your starting to sound like Tami!\" I joked letting go of her, succeeding in making her laugh. \"You've performed in front of this many people before too and you did fine.\" \"Face it Mary. People just love you.\" Becky told her coming closer and giving Mary a hug. \"Plus this is our second concert in this city and we've been here a bung of time before, so theres probably not even going to be that many people.\" Dustin added. The fans suddenly started screaming as one of the opening acts went out on stage. Mary quickly wrestled Dustin and Becky who were trying to keep her from looking through the dark purple curtains at the side of the stage. Her panicked look reappearing as she saw the amount of people in the crowd. \"Theres not going to be THAT many people Dustin? Have you looked out there!\" Mary said, starting to pace again. Dustin quickly peeps through the curtain before replying to Mary. \"Okay. So your right, there's a lot of people out there-\" \"Yeah! I've noticed.\" She sarcastically told him. \"There's like a million!\" \"But their all gonna love you! Their gonna be like who is that girl dancing so great/fine?\" \"No! Their gonna hate me!\" She screamed having a full on panic attack as I pulled her towards me again. \"Mary, baby they're going to love you and you've performed in front of this many people before at the competition.\" \"Nuh-Uh! There was less people then this!\" \"That's not the point! The point is that you're an amazing dancer. And no one is going to notice IF you mess up! Who cares if you do anyways? I mean you just learned the routines today and you have most of them down. If anyone makes a big deal out of it, just let them know you learned the routines not even two hours before the concert started.\" I attempted to reason with her, quickly leaning down and kissing her before she could argue anymore. She lightly pushed me getting more into the kiss as I leaned back into the wall behind me. I reluctantly pulled away not even a minute later knowing Mary not being too into PDA and also partially considering Becky and Dustin were still standing there. After a couple more minutes of just standing there talking with Mary not being nervous anymore, we started to make our way over to the area where we were supposed to enter the stage, most of the crew already there. We stood there joking around with the crew and introducing the girls until everyone else arrived and quickly did our before the concert ritual... TBC (To be continued:)... (AN:First before anything else, thanks SO MUCH to angelicdreamer101, Arocksprpl2, MMC gang, sprog101, Daydreamer221. You guys are amazing, I know I say this in every chapter but thanks so much for sticking with my story and continuing to review it really means a lot to me 3. Also I'm not too sure how this chapter is... Anyways I was gonna ask you guys something but I forget what I was going to ask, so yeah.. Update will hopefully be soon cause I have a plan lol. Although I start school [Second semester] tomorrow and I know I have math and science [both of which I suck at] so I dont know how much time I will have.. But I am in a very writingish mood lately so I will definately update fast. Answer these questions in your review if you want: 1. How was your day? 2. How much or how little drama shall I add? 3. Should I add more detail in? 4. Shall there be more kissing? Or details in the kissing? I know some people like that but some people don't so I just wanted your guys opinion :) 5. What other shows/movies are you interested in? Kay so this was a very long AN but I have more questions to ask, oh well though Ill save them for later though lol. Hope you enjoyed 3 :)[Chapter 7] (AN: I know its been a while, but I finally got a new computer so I can finally start saving the chapters into word so I can upload them fast hopefully. Thankyou to EVERYONE who reviewed the last chapter, your all amazing and as usual your shoutouts shall be at the end of the chapter :D. Falling Angel: Its all good, I hope that went well for you, and I pinky swear I will, I just need to get into the story a little bit more, I have some stuff planned out I just need to get there and write it. Sorry this chapter is SUPER short but this chapter is dedicated to Daydreamer221 because its her birthday today :D so go wish her a happy birthday, and check out her stories. So lastly HAPPY *insert age here* BIRTHDAY DAYDREAMER221! :) Mary's POV: I slowly looked around the circle softly smiling as I looked to my right and saw how happy Joey looked. Ryan got in the middle of the circle and started yelling and jumping around getting everyone hyped, and Joey's manager got in the middle to do prayer. After all that was done Ryan started jumping around screaming again, leading everyone to the stage area. Joey got into the little space thing that slowly brought him up, me and the other dancers going up to the stage standing on the sides by the curtains. The crowed screamed as the lights went out signaling us to get into our positions on stage. Multiple explosions went off and everyone started screaming even louder if that was even possible as Joey suddenly appeared on stage and started singing, the lights flashing a couple of times. It was all so dramatic and magical from where I was standing on stage I could barely begin to imagine how the fans must have felt watching it from the proper view in the audience, especially for the youngest fans. As the music got louder we started doing the routine to the intro of new classic. (AN: Kay so I promise the next chapter will be longer, and I can't think of any questions right now cause I have to go somewhere, but yeah... Thanks SO MUCH to these people: sprog101, Arocksprpl2, Falling Angel, puddingisevil. Sorry if I missed anyone, if I did [which I really hope I didn't] let me know and ill add you next chapter. It would be really apprecieated if you guys would review, even if this chapter wasnt the greatest. Follow me on twitter for random sentences from the new chapters, Lovato_swag and Hershey_Barz, if you do follow let me know cause then Ill actually tweet them lol. Kay bye! :)[Chapter 8] (AN: Once again, sorry about the wait. I don't really have too much to say right now except for that this chapter starts off with last chapter at the begginning cause it made more sense to me that way lol. Anways.. Thank you SO much to everyone who reviewed last chapter, you guys are ALL AMAZING! You have no idea how much your reviews encourage me to write the new chapters. Your review honestly make my day. Shoutouts at the end. Enjoy:) (ACSC7) Mary's POV: I slowly looked around the circle softly smiling as I looked to my right and saw how happy Joey looked. Ryan got in the middle of the circle and started yelling and jumping around getting everyone hyped, and Joey's manager got in the middle to do prayer. After all that was done Ryan started jumping around screaming again, leading everyone to the stage area. Joey got into the little space thing that slowly brought him up, me and the other dancers going up to the stage standing on the sides by the curtains. The crowed screamed as the lights went out signaling us to get into our positions on stage. Multiple explosions went off and everyone started screaming even louder if that was even possible as Joey suddenly appeared on stage and started singing, the lights flashing a couple of times. It was all so dramatic and magical from where I was standing on stage I could barely begin to imagine how the fans must have felt watching it from the proper view in the audience, especially for the youngest fans. As the music got louder we started doing the routine to the intro of new classic. Joey's POV: I ended the concert thanking everyone for coming and jumped off the stage, the dancers and Legacy not far behind me. Crew members and everyone else backstage including Tami and Dustin immediately patting me on the back and highfives yelling and screaming things like \"congratulations\" or \"great show\" random music blaring from the speakers, backstage was allways like a party after concerts. The dancers and people who didn't care about the fact that I was covered in sweat quickly repeating the same thing. I turned around to look for Mary only to find her standing behind me smiling at how hyper everyone was and our childish behaviors. I grabbed her waist and pulled her towards me, giving her a hug and a quick peck on the lips. \"How was the concert baby I asked smiling, already knowing her answer. \"Amazing!\" Mary told me having forgotten about her previous worries from before the concert. \"Told ya so!\" I yelled, before Scooter (AN: His real manager.) pulled us apart telling us to go shower and get changed. 15 minutes later I walked into my dressing room handing my dirty clothes to Carin (AN: Carin is his fashiony type person:) who was waiting there so she could take them and put them in the correct piles. \"Good concert JP.\" She quietly said pulling me into hug (AN: She's Scooter's girlfriend and like Joey's sister/second mom [non-blood related]:) \"Thanks\" I replied hugging her back. \"Hey beautiful,\" I greeted Mary as Carin left shutting the door behind her. I went to the sofa she was lying down on and leaned over her straddling her careful to keep my weight off her. \"Whats up?\" \"Nothing really, sitting here... Bored.. Waiting for you.\" She replied giggling, leaning up to kiss me. \"Is that so?\" I asked pushing a piece of her bangs out of her face. \"Why didn't you go hang out with Becky and 'The Funk'?\" \"I did, but then Becky fell asleep and Dustin got a call from Tami acting all cheesy and romantic and it made me want to throw up... So I left and came back here.\" \"Oh. I see now\" I laughed, leaning back down to kiss Mary again. (AN:WARNING: Slightly intimate content, don't read if you will be offended, although this is rated T so I think its fine but not sure... YOU WERE WARNED, you may continue reading now:) The kiss deepened as Mary wrapped her arms around my neck, running her fingers through the slightly over grown hair at the nape of my neck. Gently pulling causing me to groan and bring her closer, I softly bit her bottom lip asking for entrance which she quickly gave me. I tilted her head more to the side to gain better access to her mouth, hearing her quiet moan as I lightly massaged her tongue. I slowly ran my fingers through Mary's long wavy hair, as I felt her hands slip under my shirt. I grabbed her waist and pulled her up, flipping us over sliding my hands down her body feeling the curves that I had memorized and had been dreaming of the past few months. I slowly slid my hands down to butt lightly squeezing it, chuckling as she gasped. There was a knock on the door, but we ignored it too into the kiss until the knocking continued getting faster. We pulled apart breathing hard trying to get our breathing normal again. The person on the other side of my door started calling my name as I got up straightening out my clothes, making sure Mary had her hair fixed as I headed to the door. The door knob started jiggling as I grabbed it unlocking and opening it, coming face to face with an annoyed looking Scooter. \"Took you long enough!\" He said. \"Sorry,\" I told him laughing. \"I was on the phone.\" I quickly made something up. \"Oh really? And your girlfriend couldn't open the door?\" He asked giving me look, trying not to laugh. I quickly thought, trying to save the lie, even though I knew he didn't believe me. \"Uh. She was in the washroom.\" I replied. \"Sure she was.\" He said. \"You try telling me that again?\" I stayed silent. \"Without the lipgloss on your face?\" He questioned, fully laughing now as I joined in. \"Anyways... Mama J (AN:His Vocal coach.. Did I mention that before? Or...) and I need to talk with you for a minute about when we can get into the studio and start recording the next album.\" I agreed, and quickly let Mary know before following him out of the room and to where Mama Jan was waiting for us. Mary's POV: Joey left the dressing room, going with Scooter to talk about something and I grabbed the t.v. remote off the table, turning on the t.v. switching the channel to Nickolodean and started watching Spongebob. I was just getting into the show laughing at Spongebob and Patricks stupidity and how mad Squidward was getting when Joeys phone started ringing. The Mission Impossible ringtone filled the room and I stared at it for a second unsure of weather or not to answer it. I decided on answering and taking a message for Joey so I picked the phone up from off the table where he'd left it. I looked at the screen seeing a picture of a beautiful tan skinned girl with long dark brownish blonde hair and blue eyes, I could feel the tears welling in my eyes, as I saw the girls name, Tori, had a heart beside it. My hand was shaking as I hit the answer button, putting the phone next to my ear. \"H-Hello?\" \"Hi, um... Is Joey there?\" \"Um, n-no he's not right now. Could-could I take a message?\"I asked nervously. \"May I ask who this is?\" She asked. \"Mary.\" \"Oh! Ok, well could you just tell him that Tori called, and that I'll see him soon, and that I love him?\" I could feel my heart shattering almost instantely as I heard those words. \"A-Alright\" I stuttetered quietly, trying to hold back my tears. \"Thanks bye!\" She said happily before hanging up not know that her words had brought millions of doubts back into my mind and nearly broke my world entirly into peices. (AN: Hope you enjoyed that chapter, and thank you SO MUCH to these people: Arocksprpl2 Falling Angel puddingisevil Daydreamer221 sprog101 and mjrocksstl94. You guys make my day with your reviews :D The next chapter shall be up soon hopefully cause I'm kinda excited to write at the moment. Anyways questions: 1. Would you guys be alright with it if I changed the rating for this to M and had some more intimate parts or no? Cause if you don't want to read that type of stuff I can make oneshots and stuff instead. It doesnt matter to me but I just want to try writing that kind of stuff although I'm not normally like that... :D And sorry if that last little slightly intimate scene wasnt very good, I was trying to keep it T and that was my VERY FIRST time writing that type of stuff. 2. What did you think of the chapter? do you guys think that Tori is going to be? Joeseph cheating? *Dramatic music Lol* Alright, thats it for your questions and If you want to follow me on twitter Hershey_Barz and Lovato_swag. Just let me know your from fanfic and I shall start to post stuff about this and other stories of mine. Thanks again, you guys rock :)[Chapter 9] (AN: Hey guys, so I know I said soon, but then I couldn't get the chapter sounding the way I wanted it to so in a way I had writers block.. I pretty much sat in an empty hallway at school during gym class (cause we were swimming last week and the week before and im allergic to chlorine so I pretty much got a spare block :D) and I forced myself to write it. Also 2 of you guessed who Tori was right! Not gonna say who yet cause that might wreck the chapter for them but they probably know who they are lol. So yeah Thanks to EVERYONE who reviewed, you have no idea how awesome you guys are :D And I hope you enjoy the chapter:) \"Thanks bye!\" She said happily before hanging up not know that her words had brought millions of doubts back into my mind and nearly broke my world entirely into pieces. Mary's POV: I sat there on the sofa for a few minutes not knowing what to do, trying to hold the tears that were now fully filling my eyes, threatening to fall back. I got up and put the phone back on the table refusing to cry over this. Millions of different things were going trough my mind but I knew better then to jump to conclusions after what had happened with Natalia. Not knowing what to do or think. It had been at least twenty minutes and I was still sitting there staring at the wall. I slowly sat back trying to focus my attention on Spongebob which was still coming on, but I couldn't stop thinking about the conversation with the girl. I kept hearing her voice in my head the words \"Tell him I'll see him soon and that I love him.\" echoing in my mind, it was like the phone call was on repeat in my head. The tears quickly started to fill my eyes, slowly starting to fall. As I started getting more and more ideas on who the girl was an what she meant to Joey the tears started falling faster. Not even a minute later I was lying down on the sofa (AN: I'm Canadian I say sofa not couch lol:) uncontrollably sobbing into the armrest. I had no idea what to think about anything, but one thing was for sure, I was gonna talk to Joey about this. I had to know who Tori was. I wasn't going to let one I the most important people in my life get away that easily. Especially not without trying. If I was gonna lose Joey I wasn't going to lose him without a fight. When Joey walked in a little bit after I stopped crying, I could tell he knew something was up from my puffy eyes. \"Hey, sorry I took so long.\" He told me. \"They wanted to talk about my next album.\" \"Oh ok. That's fine\" I told him, doing my best to act normal and trying to smile. He stood there where he was for a second, carefully studying me before speaking again. \"Whats wrong?\" \"Nothing. I'm fine.. Everything's okay.\" I replied quickly looking down at my lap. I felt his concern filled eyes still watching me, when I looked up I could tell he wanted to say something. He opened his mouth to say something before thinking better of it and grabbed his iPhone off the table, sitting down in the process. I turned to my side facing him and took this as a time to confess. \"Someone called for you while you were gone.\" \"Oh. Did you answer?\" He asked. \"Um... Yeah.\" I looked down. \"It was some girl named Tori..\" I quickly looked up to see his reaction, he seemed happy that she called and I waited a second before continuing. \"She gave me a message for you.\" \"Really? What did she say?\" He questioned. \"Well she... She um...\" I stuttered looking down again not wanting to look at him or say it. \"What did she say Mary?\" He said taking my face, making me look him in the eyes. \"She.. She said that she'd see you soon and.. That... And that she loved you\" I told him, almost whispering quickly looking downwith the tears starting to fill my eyes before even hearing what Joey had to say. \"She.. She said that she'd see you soon and.. That... And that she loved you\" I told him, almost whispering quickly looking downwith the tears starting to fill my eyes before even hearing what Joey had to say. I watched in disbelief starting to cry again as Joey started to laugh at what I told him. Suddenly he stopped laughing and turned back towards me taking my chin and lifting my face, looking at me with concern filled eyes. Realization finally dawning on him. \"Mary..\" He started talking, slowly wiping my tears away. \"Baby it's not what you think.\" I quietly sobbed looking down and Joey pulled me onto his lap and into his chest trying to comfort me. He continued as I calmed down a little looking me in the eyes. \"Tori is my sister, we're twins.\" (AN: Congratulations iluvHONEYBUNZ and DramaQueen127, you guys were right :) \"H-how come y-y-you didn't m-mention her b-before?A-and how come she hasn't b-been seen with you before? If you had a s-sister why didn't anyone know about h-her?\" I asked not knowing weather or not to believe him, though I really wanted to. I could see the hurt in his eyes as I asked those questions. \"She didn't wanna be in the spotlight all the time she would have been if people knew she was my sister, that's why we kept her a secret. People saw her whenever she came to visit but everyone thought she was a crew member or friend, no one ever really payed much attention to the fact that we look kinda alike... We're planning on letting people know that shes my sister cause shes more used to the fame now..\" He trailed off, stopping for a scond before continuing. \"I probably should have told you about her before to prevent something like this from happening... And I was going to..\" He looked directly in my eyes as he said the next part, and I could see the guilt filling his eyes as he spoke. \"But I guess I just forgot...I'm so, so sorry.\" We sat in silence for a couple minutes before I broke it. Something was just telling me to believe him, that he wasn't lying, and that Tori really was his sister. \"Its alright Jays, it wasn't your fault.\" I said forgiving him, not that I was mad in the first place, I was more upset, but still. He pulled me tighter against him and lightly kissed my forehead. \"I over-reacted. I'm sorry.\" I said feeling guilty and stupid for not trusting him enough in the first place, the tears filling my eyes again. \"Don't be upset, its fine.\" He said taking my face and wiping it with his thumbs before kissing me hard on the lips. I quickly wrapped my arms around his neck before he could move and deepend the kiss. A couple seconds later he pulled away and looked at me. \"Really Mary, its fine. I get that you were jealous.\" He said laughing at my 'are you really?' expression as I lightly slapped him before leaning in and kissing him again. \"Oh and by the way, Tori's coming to visit. Thats what she meant by she'd see me soon.\" The smile on my face faded and a worried expression replaced it as he told me this. \"What if she doesn't like me?\" I asked nervously. \"Don't worry she's really nice. She'll love you.\" He told me giving my hand a gentle sqeeze. \"When?\" I asked quietly still worried. \"Saturday Morning.\" He replied, leaning in and kissing my again to try to get me to stop worring about weather or not Tori would like me. (AN: I really hope you enjoyed the chapter :D Anyways, so thanks for reviewing to the following people: Arocksprpl2, puddingisevil, Daydreamer221, sprog101, iluvHONEYBUNZ, Cecelia, Bannanerz, miimiistar5, and DramaQueen127. This story has 52 reviews now! WOW! I NEVER expected to get that many, Thanks guy! 3 Also I've decided to stop saying that I'll update soon, cause whenever I say that it, never happens, though if I do say it it will be cause I already have the next chapter done... Which I don't today. Ohh and Im not going to up the rating if I ever do want to write something m rated Im going to, but its going to be the t rated portions in the chapter with like a link to the m rated stuff for the people who want to read it... Did that even make any sense? If I didn't don't worry, it will when I actually get farther into this story :) Anyways heres your questions: time is it? [Lol idk that was random:] did you think of that chapter? your favorite song at the moment? do you think Tori is going to be like? Hows her attitude going to be towards Mary? you have any questions you want me to answer in the next AN? [Hopefully nothing about the story :] Thanks again for reading, and if you got this far into the AN good job! Hope you guys have a great day or night I don't know which countrys your from so im not sure wheather its day or night, although Im assuming the U.S.. Kay bye! :)[Chapter 10] (AN: Hey everyone! I'm SO SORRY this should have been up WAY sooner! I started writing it during spring break like a day or 2 before spring break. Then after spring break and like ALL MONTH I've been getting SO much homework that I NEEDED to get done and hand in cause it was for report cards [which came out last week.] This chapter is like 5 pages on wordpad on my compter :D I kinda feel like it might be my longest chapter.. It was supposed to be longer then this but then I felt like why take longer when I have enough written for a chapter.. So sorry about the awkward cut off of the chapter but think of it as a preview for the next one cause you guys deserve that.. Anyways I hope you guys understand how crazy it's been and It still is cause of certain circumstances.. Shoutouts will be at the end like always, really hope you enjoy the chapter:) (ACSC 9) Joey's POV: I sleepily opened my eyes early Saturday morning to my phone vibrating, Scooter's voice telling me to pick up my phone. \"Hello?\" I answered, my voice slightly raspy. \"Hey, you awake JP?\" He asked, laughing slightly at my sleepy tone. \"No. I'm still asleep.\" I sarcastically told him. \"Why though?\" \"Well you have rehearsal for the next shows today, and I highly doubt that you've forgotten that we have to go pick your sister up from the airport.\" He explained laughing. I smiled remembering that Tori was coming today. \"Alright well we'll be there... Wait! Did you really just wake me up at..\" I quickly checked the time on my alarm clock before finishing. \"7 in the morning to tell me that! Rehearsals not till 10!\" I almost yelled. Silently thanking my parents for making my walls sound proof. Scooter laughed once again before replying. \"Yeah... I don't really know... But hey, at least now you can't use that you overslept as an excuse if your late.\" I started laughing with him before we said our goodbyes and hung up. I laid back down to try and go back to sleep but couldn't, so I got up again wondering what I could do to kill time. After a couple minutes of thinking I got the perfect idea. I quickly got out of bed to get ready for the day then went down stairs and quietly started on the plan. Almost an hour and a half later, I had finally succeded in making breakfast for everyone without burning anything and the only things left to do were to set the table and wake everyone up. I quietly started to put out plates and utensils for the 5 of us as I heard someone coming down the stairs. \"Morning Nephew.\" I heard from behind me and instantly knew that it was Kenny. \"Hey Kenny.\" I replied smiling. \"Whats up?\" \"Nothing really, I smelled this delicous food and it woke me up.\" He told me laughing before grabbing some cups from the cupboards and helping me with the table as I commented on his obsession with food and made random small talk. When we finished he laughed and grabbed whipped cream and plastic wrap among other things before taking a cup and filling it with ice. \"Go wake up the girls, I'm gonna get the camera and we can go prank Dustin before waking him up.\" We both laughed as we though about the last prank he had pulled on us. Payback was going to be entertaining, not only for us but for all the other people who were going to see it on youtube. \"Alright.\" I replied trying to contain my laughter so I wouldn't wake him or the girls up before we had a chance to set Dustin up. I quickly grabbed my phone off the table and went upstairs into the room that Mary and Becky were sharing. I went to Becky first considering she was closest, lightly shaking her and calling her name until she woke up. \"Mmm... Morning JP.\" Becky groggily said as she woke up. \"Morning Becks.\" I told her laughing as she hugged me. We gotten close over the past couple of days and now considered each other as siblingings. \"Breakfast is ready.\" \"Well in that case, carry me to the washroom servant.\" She laughed lightly and wrapped her arms around my neck before I could get away. I wordlessly lifted her up and walked to the bathroom which was on the other side of the room and literally dropped her on the ground \"Hey!\" She screamed laughing. \"You didn't say anything about not dropping you.\" I teased laughing and winking, before going back to the bed to get Mary. \"Mary... Mary wake up.\" I said shaking her gently like I had done with Becky. Mary was such a deep sleeper that even after shaking her and asking her to wake up she still hadn't reacted. A minute later I took my iPhone out of my pocket getting an idea that I hoped would work, I turned the volume to the loudest it would go then pressed shuffle and put it to Mary's ear as 'Sexy and I know It' By LMFAO came blasting out of the phones speaker. She screamed and bolted upright before seeing that it was just the phone and quickly laid back down laughing uncontrollably before taking taking the phone and turning off the music. Becky came running out of the bathroom toothbrush still in her mouth to see why Mary was screaming, saw that she was fine and laughing and that I woke her up before slowly walking back to the washroom. \"Morning beautiful.\" I greeted as Mary finally started calming down, leaning down to kiss her. \"Morning Joey. That was so mean!\" She said starting to laugh again before pulling me down to kiss her again. \"But it was also really funny.\" I said laughing as she lightly punched my arm. \"Get up and dressed, I made breakfast for everyone and we have rehersal in a little bit.\" I told her pulling her up. \"Come on you can use the bathroom in my room.\" Mary grabbed her toothbrush and clothes, and followed me to my room. \"Bathrooms over there.\" I said pointing to the door. \"Alright, thanks Joey.\" Mary said hugging me before going to the bathroom. \"I'll be out really fast, promise!\" \"Alright.\" I left her in the bathroom then went to see if Kenny had found the video camera yet, so we could go prank Dustin. \"Ready?\" I asked as I walked into the guest room Kenny was staying in. \"Yup.\" He said putting his laptop down before gesturing for me to come over so he could tell me the plan. He held up materials as he spoke. \"Kay so, first we're going to go mess stuff up in his bathroom, I'm thinking put red kool-aid into the shower head so when he turns the water on Dustin will freak out and think its blood, we can switch all the soap with these.\" He held up the bars of soap we used last time we pranked someone, they were painted with clear nail polish (top coat:). \"Then hide his shampoo or pour glue into it or something, or we could just hide his shampoo bottles and stuff so he has to get out half way through his we use plastic wrap and put it on his toilet (AN: If the person pees it comes back up at them) although I'm thinking that might be going to far so we can just turn the toilet water off so he can't flush. We can wake him up by putting whipped cream on his hand and tickling him with a feather, and put ice down his shirt right before he wakes up then dump water on him when he does. When he goes to take a shower we'll put plastic wrap on the bathroom door then the main door when we leave, and once the girls are out and he gets in we'll make the water really cold and shut it off half way through his shower.\" Kenny finished explaining the plan and we were both hysterically laughing just thinking about, we quickly calmed down knowing we had to be quiet or we'd wake 'The Funk' up before evening getting to prank him. I followed him into Dustin's room and we set the pranks up. I quickly set up a bunch of tiny hidden cameras before we woke him up. The girls came into 'The Funks' room looking for me and Kenny cause we weren't in the kitchen and quietly laughed as they saw what we were doing. \"Can we help?\" Mary whispered. Me and Kenny looked at each other before looking back at the girls and nodding. I threw the whipped cream at Becky and Kenny handed the feather to Mary. Kenny pressed record as Becky shook the whipped cream and sprayed some on Dustin's hand and Mary quickly tickled Dustin's face making him put whipped cream all over his face as he tried to get the itching/tickling on his face to stop. We all burst out laughing and Kenny handed Becky the camera and grabbed the cup of ice dumping it down Dustin's shirt. Dustin sat up really fast yelling \"COLD! COLD! COLD! COLD!\" And we all burst out laughing again at his reaction as I pulled the top off the water bottle and dumped it on him as he got off the bed. A little while later me, Mary, Becky, and Kenny all sat at the kitchen table just talking while we waited for Dustin so we could eat. He came down not even 5 minutes later considering we had turned off the hot water pretty soon after he started the water. I laughed as he gave me a dirty look while pulling out a chair to sit down. \"Have a nice shower Dustin?\" Mary asked smirking at him. \"Why yes Mary, I did have a nice shower.\" He replied sarcastically making everyone burst into fits of laughter again. Everyone started putting food into their plates (AN: I'm going to pretend that the food still warm:) and eating. \"Mmm! This food is delicious.\" Mary said putting a spoonfull of food into her mouth. All of us laughed as she dramatically put another giant spoonfull of food into her mouth, before putting more food onto her plate. \"Mary's right... This is amazing!\" Becky complimented. \"Damn Joey, I didn't know you could cook.\" Everyone laughed again as she said that. \"I mean I would have never guessed that you can cook. I would think that you'd either burn the food or end up poisoning everyone... Wait this isn't poised is it!\" \"Of course not Becky!\" Mary cried. \"If it was poisoned it wouldn't taste this good. Although we might have poisened just your food when you weren't looking.\" She said failing to keep the serious look on her face and bursting into fits of laughter again. \"Thanks Becks, I really appreciate how much you believe in me.\" I said laughing at Mary's comment. We all finished eating pretty fast and Kenny and 'The Funk' did the dishes as me, Mary, and Becky went upstairs and got ready for rehearsal and grabbed our clothes for afterwards before going back downstairs to wait for Dustin and Kenny to finish up what they were doing. (AN: Becky's one of the dancers now too because Jamiaca saw her dancing sometime between the last chapter and now, use your imagination please. Oh and for the next part I'm gonna say he has more then one car:) Kenny and Dustin were done the dishes when we got downstairs and we all quickly went outside and got into my Range Rover. A few minutes into the ride, Kenny started talking about how my sister was coming today. Becky who didn't know about the fact that she was coming, or who Tori was, suddenly turned to look at me, her body tense as if I was cheating on Mary. \"Who's Tori?\" She asked confused. \"My sister.\" I told her \"We're twins.\" She instantly relaxed as I told her that Tori was my sister. \"When are we picking her up JP?\" Dustin asked. \"Rehearsal ends at 12 so we're gonna come back to JP's house then we can do whatever for about an hour then leave to the airport at 2ish. We don't have to be their until 3 though so we're going to be a little bit early.\" Kenny answered for me. I felt Mary stiffen up a little at the mention of Tori coming at 3. I wanted to talk to her, but decided I shouldn't infront of everyone in the car and made a mental note to ask her about it later. A couple of minutes later we arrived at Jamiaca's dance studio where we were having rehersal since we couldn't use the arena today. All of us got except Dustin got out because he had to go meet with Scooter, Kenny quickly dropped me, Mary, and Becky off inside the building and quickly went back outside as we took our time walking into the room where we were meeting with the rest of the dancers. \"Hey guys!\" Jamaica called to us as she went to (AN: Hope you liked that! :D Thanks ALOT to the following people for reviewing I love you guys [friend love] and your reviews make my day! :D So Thanks Sprog101, Arocksprpl2, Daydreamer221, LawAndOrderSVU3 Thanks so much for reviewing! I also have like a paragraph of the next chapter already written [which you can probably figure out from above haha. Anyways here's your questions: 1) Whats the weather where you live right now? 2) Whats your favotire song right now? (Mines innocent by Taylor Swift:] 3) What did you think of the chapter? Do you want me to add or change something in the story? [I cant guarentee that I will but still, its good to know for future reference:] 4)What do you do if your worried and need to get something off your mind? [I'm SUPER worried right now and need help on how to get it off my mind:] So those are your questions, I really need answers for the last one because I'm in a really bad situation right now and can't talk to my parents about it because they'll freak out... Its nothing really that bad. It's just that someone blew something WAY out of proportion and I;m not sure of what to do cause yeah... Don't wanna give too much detail but the hwole situation wasn't my fault... Anyways I will HOPEFULLY update soon, until then please review I need cheering up right now. :/ :)[Chapter 11] (AN: Hey everyone, I'm back haha... Thanks SO SO SO SO SO SO much to everyone who reviewed [your mentions will be at the bottom as usual:] and for being so super duper patient, I know, I know, I fail at updating fast aha. So this chapter is kinda short and it wasn't actually going to be this short I was gonna go all the way until the airport when they meet Tori but then I got stuck with a part and realized it's been over a month since my last update and yeah... I've gotton super busy and Ill explain the rest and main parts of why I haven't updated either at the end or in like a seperate authors note or something. I really didn't want to post this b/c it feels so incomplete but I didn't wanna keep you guys waiting even longer so... Enjoy:) (ACSC 10) Joey's POV: A couple of minutes later we arrived at Jamiaca's dance studio where we were having rehersal since we couldn't use the arena today. All of us got except Dustin got out because he had to go meet with Scooter, Kenny quickly dropped me, Mary, and Becky off inside the building and quickly went back outside as we took our time walking into the room where we were meeting with the rest of the dancers. \"Hey guys!\" Jamaica called to us as she went over to the corner of the room to grab the remote and turn the music blasting from the iHome off. \"Everyone is gonna be a little late because the cars apparently didn't show up at the hotel on time.\" Jamaica explained why no one else was here yet before any of us even had a chance to ask, laughing slightly at the end. \"So you guys can relax, or do what ever you want for a little bit till they get here.\" We all agreed and I grabbed Mary's hand, bringing her over to the corner of the room taking her waist and pulling her to sit on my lap. \"Um... You want something J?\" Mary asked laughing as she leaned back a little to be against the mirror. I smiled before replying. \"Yeah, you looked nervous earlier when we were talking about Tori. What's wrong?\" Mary quickly looked down and hesitated before opening her mouth. \"Wh-what if she doesn't like me?\" She asked, staring down at her hands in her lap. \"Mary...\" I started trying to get her to look at me, she was still looking down doing whatever she could to try and avoid looking me in the eyes. \"Come on Mary, stop trying to hide your beautiful eyes from me.\" I told her smiling as she blushed and quickly looked down again. I gently took her face, gently pulling it upwards so I could get her to look at me. \"Why would my sister not like you? Your beautiful and perfect, and super sweet, your the complete opposite of Natalia so Tori will love you.\" I told her, trying to get rid of her worries. \"What if she thinks I'm not good enough?\" She asked again, her voice getting softer as she spoke each word and tears starting to fill her eyes. (AN: ... I wonder what Joey's going to say/think... Anyways, first of all thanks again to all the following super awesome & amazing people who reviewed: Arocksprpl2, KallianaCorus, DayDreamer221, sprog101, AngelMuse, xmengal. So you guys rock, everytime I log into my email and see an email from fanfic about a review it makes my day :D So I've decided to do a seperate thing explaining the whole situation as to why I actually haven't updated cause it wasn't only the thing I mentioned earlier. But anyways you might wanna read that AN because it will explain whats going on and why my next update might take this long too... Here's your questions: 1) What did you do today? 2) What's your favorite show right now? 3) Who's your favorite singer? 4) What are your summer plans? Kay I'm going to go sleep now... God-bye, good-night, and sweet dreams:)[Chapter 12] (AN: Hey guys! So I AM SO SORRY about the SUPER long wait. I did NOT mean for it to take this long but I had terribble writers block and finals and summer school, and tons of other stuff and I really did try my best to write this but it just did NOT turn out the way I wanted and it's super short but I figured that I should atleast post something short and crappy as it is :/ Thank you SO much to everyone who reviewed and as always your shoutouts are at the bottom. P.s. Daydreamer221 I seriously hope that you didn't kill yourself ;) Sorry about the wait, and that apology goes to everyone:) (ACSC 11:) Joey's POV: Everything going on in Mary's mind suddenly made sense. It was all the insecurities that Dominique had instilled in her mind coming back. We had all thought she'd gotten over them, with the seemingly shy at first but almost confident girl she had become after starting at the Dance Academy and leaving the hell that was living with Dominique. Seeing the tears in her eyes broke my heart, she didnt deserve any more pain then she had already gotten in her life. No one deserved to lose their family, especially not at a young age like Mary had. Her Dad had gone missing when she was only 3 years old and she could barely remember him, the only things she had as proof that he wasn't just a part of her imagination were pictures and videos. Mary and her Mom were involved in a tragic accident with a drunk driver just a couple days before her birthday, and she was forced to move in with the day before her 11th birthday. She had been living Dominque who had been feeding her lies and verbally abusing her for over 7 years. \"Why wouldn't she like you Mary?\" I asked after atleast a minute of silence, not knowing what to say. Nothing I could say would make her feel better and take away her fears but I knew I had to at least try. Mary looked down again before speaking. \"I don't know, because I'm quiet, and poor. What if she thinks I'm weird, or ugly or fat? Everyone else ALWAYS does! Or she might think that I'm just using you because I don't have much money and have no one or something. I don't want your sister to hate me!\" Her voice got softer, and she started crying more and more with each word she spoke. \"Whats wrong?\" Becky asked looking concerned as her and Jamaica stopped rehearsing noticing Mary cyring and upset. \"N-Nothing.\" Mary stuttered, quickly wiping her tears before turning to hide her face in my chest. The other dancers had started to come in by now and I quickly got up off the floor, pulling Mary up with me. \"I'm gonna take her outside for a couple minutes.\" I told Jamaica knowing Mary wouldn't want to cry infront of other people because it apparently made her look weak. Jamaica nodded in acknowledgement, an understanding look crossing her face as she passed me a waterbottle for Mary as I led her out of the room. The other dancers sending me concerened and questioning looks. I walked down the hallway as quickly as I could with Mary still holding on to me with her face in my chest. I found an empty bench in one of the quiet parts of the studio and sat us both on it being careful not to let Mary fall. (AN: Again, I AM SO SORRY! What do you think Joey's going to say about why Mary feels so insecure? Thankyou SO much to the following people KallianaCorus, DramaQueen127, sprog101, Daydreamer221, Arocksprpl2, DarkDragonPaleWolf, , Emilygleegirl, Helen, What's A Kammel-Monkey, Guest, nomoremeangirls, renesmee2006. You guys are ALL amazing! :D 3 Sorry if I missed anyone, I'm so behind on fanfiction and Idk I tried to include everyone, but if I somehow missed you message me and I'll be sure to add you in 3 I'll try to have the next chapter soon as I'm trying to get back into my writing and stuff, but not sure when it'll be up... I really hope you liked the chapter:)[Chapter 13] (AN: Kay so while I HOPEFULLY have you attention I need an opinion. Would it be alright if I changed my username? I hate the one I have now. Like would you still recognize the story and stuff still? Let me know in your reviews. Anyways, I am SO SO SO SO sorry I haven't updated in a really long time. Your shoutouts will like always be in the end notes. Enjoy!:) Joey's POV: I turned her so that she was facing me and gently lifted her chin so she would look at me instead of trying to avoid my eyes. \"Mary, she is NOT going to hate you or think that your weird because your a little quiet around new people. Tori isn't like that. Why would she care about how much money you have? No one should care about that, it's not relevant! If your scared that she's going to think that your using me for whatever reason, you shouldn't be. I know your not using me Mary.\" I paused for a second to let the words fully sink into Mary's mind before continuing. \"Besides if you were using me would you really get mad every time I get you something or do something for you?\" I asked trying to lighten the mood a little, and succeeding. Mary quickly looked down using her long hair to try and hide the tiny smile that was forming on her lips. I smiled once with her before continuing. \"And about her thinking your ugly or fat, what could possibly make you think something like that? You're beautiful the way you are. Your a totally healthy weight and I have no idea what could possibly make you think that you aren't. You're perfect and beautiful and there is nothing you can say to argue with that\" I finished knowing that she wouldn't believe me. I lightly ran my thumbs over her cheeks, wiping away the remaining tears before pulling her into a bear hug. We stayed like that for a couple of minutes before Mary finally spoke. \" Thanks Joey, your the best.\" She mumbled quietly into my chest before letting go of me. She wiped away the few remaining tears before slowly standing up. \"We should go back.\" She spoke half-heartedly. I agreed knowing that dancing would make Mary feel better, and forget her worries and insecurities. I gently grabbed her hand pulling her into a side hug before starting to walk towards the door. \"You ready?\" I asked, as we stood outside the closed door of the rehearsal studio. \"As I'll ever be.\" Mary replied quietly sighing. I turned her so she was facing me and hugged her tightly. \"It's gonna be alright.\" Mary's POV: I took a deep breath and took Joey's hand as he knocked on the door (AN: With his other hand:), knowing I wouldn't be able to do it. We heard Jamaica tell everyone to continue dancing before the door opened and she appeared infront of us. She smiled and stepped back gesturing for us to come in. \"You alright sweety?\" \"Yeah, I'm fine.\" I nodded. \"Thats good. I'm glad.\" She smiled. \"So, you ready to dance?\" She asked already knowing that I was and how much I love dancing. The song was over by now and the dancers were just standing around. Everyone smiled at us saying versions of 'Hey' some giving us questioning looks as to where we had gone and wondering what was wrong. I avoided looking at everyone not wanting to have a conversation about why I was upset with anyone. Becky shot me a concerned look from where she was standing across the room with a couple of people and I mouthed 'later' back to her. \"Well now that everyone is here, why don't we run through that routine again?\" Jamiaca broke the quiet sounds of everyone talking as she spoke while walking towards the iHome to replay the song. Everyone agreed and we all quickly got into the starting postitions of the routine. The rest of rehearsal's went by pretty quickly and we were now pulling up to Joey's house to take showers and get ready to go and get Tori from the airport. Joey unlocked the door and we all walked inside. Becky grabbed my wrist as I started to follow everyone to the family room and pulled me back, giving me a questioning look. \"Why were you upset earlier?\" She asked, still worried about what had happened earlier. \"Well...\" I started to explain but was inturrupted before I could get any farther. \"Are you girls going to go get ready or just stand there?\" Dustin asked as coming into the entry way to go upstairs and laughing slightly as he saw that we were still standing there. \"Yeah, we were just about to go up.\" I replied. Becky gave me another look before walking up the stairs behind Dustin. I sighed quietly before slowly following them up the stairs. I walked into our room where Becky was sitting on the bed waiting for me. \"Talk.\" She simply ordered. I sighed again shutting the door behind me and going to the bed. I sat down and quietly started to explain what had happened earlier at the rehearsal. (AN: Kay so I am a complete and total fail at posting :/ I really need to start posting new chapters faster... I tried to have this done and up weeks ago but for whatever reason everytime I'm like \"I'm going to write today\" I get busy... I just don't understand.. Anyways, thank-you SO much Daydreamer221 [No they haven't said i love you yet, but soon:], Arocksprpl2, sprog101, GinnyWeasley4Eva8, R, csimesser1, sequinsplash. So finally here are your questions: 1)Would it be okay if I changed my username and would you guys still recognize the story? 2)Has it snowed yet where you live? 3)What would you like to happen in future chapters? 4)Do you have twitter? 5)Take a minute to remember and thank all the soldiers that have sacrificed their lives and have fought to give us our freedoms, and even those who are still fighting right now. 3 The next chapter will be up as soon as I can write it.. I start my very first job this Friday so yeahh! Love you guys for taking time out of your lives to read and review my story thanks guys! 3:) Mary stop thinking like that[Chapter 14] (AN: So.. Uh... I haven't updated since November? I think. I am so sorry about that! I just got so busy and I just didn't have any inspiration to write or read fanfics anymore.. But I've started reading them again now so I'm gonna try to start writing again and finish this story.. I love all of you for reading and reviewing and putting up with the fact that I suck at updating. The next chapter is being written right now after I put this up and I've already started it.. Anyways enjoy the chapter even though it's kinda short... :) (ACSC 13:) Mary's POV: An hour and a half later we were all sitting in the car on our way to the airport to pick up Tori. Kenny and Dustin were both sitting up at the front, with me, Joey, and Becky in the middle seats, me between the both of them. (AN: Pretend that they're in a van.) Even after my conversation with Joey earlier I was still extremely nervous to meet his sister. She was just so perfect and pretty and I was, well, me. Everyone around me seemed to be completely relaxed and calm, Dustin was turned around laughing at Becky who was dancing in her seat and singing along with Call Me Maybe playing on the radio, while Joey was laughing and recording the whole thing on his phone. The laughter and crazyness from all of them slowly died down when Joey's phone started ringing. We all sat in silence as he answered it. The car ride continued on the radio and Kenny's off key voice with Dustin, and Becky laughing filling the air once Joey ended the call. I was brought out of my thoughts when I felt someone grab my slightly sweaty hand, I looked up to see that it was Joey who gently squeezed it and gave me a reassuring smile. \"We're almost there.\" Joey quietly told me. I looked past him and out the window and realized that he was right. I had been so lost in my thoughts throughout the car ride I hadn't even noticed how close we were. I nodded and leaned closer to him, resting my head on his shoulder and closing my eyes for a minute and reopening them as we slowly pulled into a parking spot. Joey quickly put on his hat and sunglasses and got out offering me his hand. I took off my belt and took Joey's hand as he helped me out of the car. No paparazzi was thankfully around the airport to harrass us while we were here, but me and Joey still kept our distance from each other, me and Becky walking a little bit behind the boys to keep any unwanted attention away from ourselves. We walked into the airport and went up to the desk so that they would know who we were and let us into the side waiting area for the private jets. (AN: IDk if thats even legit but whatever, just pretend:) One of the security guards was paged and quickly came to us, leading us through the back hallways to the waiting area. Everyone sat down near one of the many big windows. I sat facing a little bit away from the others, smiling a little as I watched the airplanes, take off for their destinations as well as land, I had always thought planes were cool when I was younger. \"You alright Mary?\" I was suddenly brought out of my thoughts by Dustin who had noticed that I wasn't sayon very much. \"Yeah, I'm fine...\" I trailed off not knowing what to say. \"Are you worried about meeting Tori?\" He asked. My deer in the headlights look must have confirmed his suspicions because he continued. \"You have nothing to be scared of Mary. Tori's a really nice girl. She's like Joey in so many ways, you'll love her.\" Joey decided to take that as his cue to jump in. \"And I forgot to warn you earlier, but she can come off as a little rude sometimes when she first meets someone. So if anything, don't mind it, she doesn't really ever mean any of the rude stuff she says.\" He spoke, smiling lightly at me. \"Okay.\" I agreed, slowly becoming more, and more nervous. After waiting for another 15 minutes, we were informed that Tori's flight had arrived safely without any problem, and that she was on her way out of the plane. The security gaurd from earlier was once again paged and he led us over to where the passengers were coming out. (AN:Joey's still holding her hand:) We stood a little bit behind the other people who were also there to pick up their friends and family. After a minute I saw a pretty girl with long dirty blonde hair the same colour as Joey's come out of the hallway. She looked around for a minute before spotting the group of us as well as Joey, before smiling and running up to him, as he let go of my hand, yelling his name, and jumping up into his arms, as he picked her up twirling her around, laughing and yelling \"Tori!\" (AN: I wonder what she's going to think of Mary... Oh wait I know already :P Lol Sorry I had to go there :] Anyways... Thank you to the following people who reviewed the last chapter [I REACHED 100 REVIEWS! AHHHHH! AKHEJKHJKSHJBYEYBJD! :D I LOVE YOU GUYS! 3] Anyways on to the shoutouts AKA sushimaster18, Emily-gleek-otaku-princess, csimesser1, Maximumride732, smileynight, TimeMissy, Dadreamer221 [I think she meant Daydreamer221 and just mistyped though lol], Barbra4317, readinghottie16, emeralgreenlove, Darkstar Icefire 88, almonforti, Onceaponavampire, and the Guest so I'll just put Guest :D So I'm not really sure who the last reviewer I responded to was so I just didn't reply unless it was the last 2 or 3 cause I wasn't sure and so THANKYOU SO MUCH to everyone that reviews and if you have any questions or anything about the story just PM me and I will clear them up for you:D 3 Anyways Here's your questions: 1) If you are currently in some sort of schooling, when did your summer break start? 2) How has your summer been? 3) Whats your favorite song at the moment? 4) If I don't update within a week can you please spam my PM's yelling/telling me to update? 5) Should I change my user to HersheyBarz or AvonsBelieberXo or AriaLebenzauna 6)What did you think of the chapter? Anyways hope you enojoyed! Thanks for reading! 3 :)[Chapter 15] (ACSC 14:) (AN: So Uh, 2 updates in a week? Thats a new thing hahaha. It's a pretty short chapter but it's better then nothing though. Thank you to all the nice people who left really sweet reviews! 3 Anyways enjoy the chapter!:) We stood a little bit behind the other people who were also there to pick up their friends and family. After a minute I saw a pretty girl with long dirty blonde hair the same colour as Joey's come out of the hallway. She looked around for a minute before spotting the group of us as well as Joey, before smiling and running up to him, as he let go of my hand, yelling his name, and jumping up into his arms, as he picked her up twirling her around, laughing and yelling \"Tori!\" She turned towards Dustin and hugged him as well. \"I missed you guys!\" She said smiling. \"We missed you too baby sis.\" Joey spoke hugging her once more. \"Yeah! I missed you crazy!\" Dustin half yelled, poking and tickling her, Joey doing the same from her other side, as she burst out laughing. \"G- guys! Guys! Stop!\" She managed to speak through her laughter. \"First say Joey and Dustin are the bestest in the whole world!\" Dustin told her. \"NO!\" She yelled. \"Well then I guess we're not gonna stop then are we Dustin?\" He said laughing and sticking his tongue out at her. Dustin nodded his agreement as Tori started speaking again. \"J-Joey a-and Dustin are the bestest in the whole world!\" She yelled, desperate to get them to stop. \"I'm sorry what? That wasn't loud enough.\" Dustin said teasingly. \"Yeah Tor. I couldn't hear you!\" Joey said. They stopped tickling her as she yelled the same sentence again but louder and more clearly this time. \"Now can we go get my stuff?\" She asked still smiling. \"Of course.\" Joey said nodding his agreement. But first I want you to meet someone. He said turning to look at me, and Becky. She looked at us, noticing us standing there for the first time. (AN:Whoops... Guess you guys still don't know what she's going to think of Mary :P Don't worry though, it wil DEFINATELY be in the next chapter :] Anyways, thanks again to ALL the reviewers and here are your shoutouts!: Horse7899, TimeMissy, almonforti, Maximumride732, curlygirl02 , Guest, . You guys are ALL amazing! Your reviews make my day so thankyou SO much for reading and reviewing! :D Also heres you questions for this chapter: 1) What do you want to see more of in the story? 2) Do you like strawberryies? 3)Do you have a youtube account and would you possibly be willing to subscribe to me? 4)Whats your favorite kind of pie? 5) When does school start for you? I hope you guyes enjoyed the chapter and have really awesome days/nights depending on whenever your reading this! 3:)[Chapter 16] (ACSC 15:) (AN: I know I haven't updated in almost a year and I feel horrible about it! I kinda locked myself out of this account for a while, then lost most of this chapter that I had written, and life just got hectic and in the way. But I'm back now with an update and I will hopefully update more often now. Thanks to everyone who reviewed and has continued to review and supptort this story even though my updating takes forever and is usually short. I love you guys. You are what encourages me to continue writing. Enjoy the chapter! :) Mary's POV: They stopped tickling her as she yelled the same sentence again but louder and more clearly this time. \"Now can we go get my stuff?\" She asked still smiling. \"Of course.\" Joey nodded his agreement. \"But first I want you to meet some people.\" He said turning to look at me and Becky. She turned to look at us, noticing us for the first time. \"Um... Who are they?\" She asked in a slightly rude voice, looking us up and down before turning to look at the boys again. Joey continued ignoring the attitude in his twin's voice \"This is my beautiful girlfriend Mary, and her roommate Becky.\" He looked in both our directions as he quietly introduced us so that no one would overhear. \"Becky, Mary, this is my twin sister Tori.\" \"It's nice to meet you.\" I said, smiling at her as Becky repeated the same thing as me. Tori just looked at us blankly before giving us a tight smile, realizing that she should at least be the slightest bit polite, before turning on her heel and walking away towards the luggage carousels. Joey and Dustin both gave us apologetic looks, gesturing for us to follow them. \"Sorry about her, she's weird when she meets new people.\" Joey told us quietly, as we went after Tori. \"It's alright, no need to apologize.\" Becky replied quickly. Half an hour later we had finally gotten all of Tori's things and were back in the car and on the way to the house. The atmosphere between everyone had been awkward and slightly tense sense the introduction back at the airport and it felt like it was only getting worse. (AN: Sorry for how ridiculously short this is... And I'm also sorry because I'm not going to do any shoutouts for reviewers from the last chapter or respond to them, only because I don't remember who reviewd and who I already responded to because it's been so long. I definately will do those shoutouts again for this chapter next time I update though! :D Also I changed my pen name today! Its officially hersheybarzxo cause I like it :D :D Anyways here are questions you can answer if you can't think of anything to review or if you just want to: 1) How often do you prefer fanfics be updated? 2) What colour is your shirt? 3) Is there a Tim Hortons where you live? 4) Are you watching or following FIFA? Have a great day, evening, night, and hope you enjoyed, love you! xoxoxo Harsh:)[Chapter 17] (ACSC: 16) (AN: So this is kinda just a really short filler chapter, but I kinda just wanted to get something up.. Sorry if it's shitty, I just am not feeling this chapter and am starting to lose confidence in my writing.. I don't know why… Anyways, hope you guys enjoy, and hope everyone had safe and happy holidays:) Joey's POV: I sighed as we finally got home, and Tori quickly got out of the car and brushed past Mary, Becky and the rest of us, rushing towards the front door as she realized that the girls were staying with us. I knew as soon as I found out that she was coming that she was going to have problems with Mary and Becky staying with us but I hadn't realized she was going to be this rude to them. I sighed as we all sat silently scattered around the family room waiting for our pizza to arrive. The door bell rang loudly breaking the silence of the awkward atmosphere that had been looming over the house since my sister had arrived. I quickly got up rushing out of the room -grateful to have a reason to leave and do something- and answered the door. I smiled at the delivery man, saying hello, and grabbing and paying for the pizza before making my way through the kitchen and into the dining room. \"Pizza's here!\" I announced as I set it down on the kitchen table. Everyone slowly made their way into the kitchen, Dustin (AN: I know his name is the funk but I just can't write that in properly so lets just pretend it's Dustin.:) starts to pull out plates for the pizza as Kenny grabs cups for the drinks. Everyone grabs slices of pizza and sits down, starting to eat in awkward silence. (AN: Hope you guys enjoyed! Let me know if you have any requests, I wanna start writing again… It can be whatever show/movie, if I watch it I will try to write it aha.. I watch a lot of Chicago PD and rookie blue and Flashpoint… I just love cop shows lol. Oh and PLL! Also let me know of what you wanna see more of.. Love you guys!:) ","Summary":" (AN:I wrote this back in February when I got my wisdom teeth removed and I found it this morning wh"},{"Movie":"A Goofy Movie","Title":"An EPIC Goofy Movie","Author":"Lovelyfairy18","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10274279","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Roxanne sat on her bed, looking at old photos of her from high school. She had dated Max, the nerd gone popular boy all through high school, but now she was entering her senior year of college and was transferring to the school where he was. \"Do you think he'll remember you?\" Stacey asked, coming out of the shower. She had got rid of the braces, and round glasses, instead, settling in for some slick chick frames and pearly white teeth. Roxanne shook her head, and sighed. \"No, I bet you he has a girlfriend now, with how famous he is being the X-games king.\" \"Do you regret doing the three year program?\" Stacey asked, unwrapping her long red hair from her towel. Roxanne smiled. She closed the album, the last picture being of her and Max at Prom. \"No, France was nice. It just feels weird going to a school that we were technically a part of but not really. And for senior year as well.\" She threw herself on her bed, closing her eyes. She had never stopped loving Max. Even with the dates she had gone on with while she was away, none of them compared to him. \"Everything will be okay, Roxanne. If he has a girlfriend-\" \"Which he does-\" Stacey looked up at her through her messy wet hair. \"How do you know?\" \"She was there at the last X-games, some short red head bimbo.\" Roxanne said angrily. \"Ugh,\" Stacey went back to combing her hair, tisking. \"You know that girl looks strangely like you.\" \"Oh, please.\" Roxanne said, rubbing her temples. \"She does not.\" \"Oui, Oui, mais elle n'est pas plus belle que toi.\" Stacey said. \"I just want to die.\" \"And to think we moved right in front of their house.\" Stacey laughed, walking over to the window, her towel still draped around her. \"They have no idea a blast from the past is waiting for them just across the street.\" \"We are going to keep a low profile Stace, okay? Last thing I need is drama.\" Roxanne sat up, wanting to get a closer look at the house Max was staying in. In reality she wanted to see him, ask him how he had been doing these last three years. Hug him. Be with him. But she knew that they were what used to be and she didn't want to get hurt. Seeing him with someone else on tv was bad enough, but in person, she didn't know if she'd be able to take it. A girl doesn't forget her first love.[Chapter 2] \"I can't believe we finally got approved to become a frat house!\" PJ said, pouring champagne into his cup. \"This is amazing! Team99!\" \"Ooooooooooooooooooo, babyyyyyyyyyy, we did it Max-a-milliaaan.\" Bobby said, raising his cup high in the air, spilling some of it on the floor. Max laughed, shaking his head. \"Three years of hard work guys, that's all it took. We are the official X-games royal house!\" he yelled, raising his glass in the air. The other people in the yard, including Max's new girlfriend Jasmine, rose their cups, and cheered them on as they chugged everything down. Bobby threw his cup on the floor, smashing it to pieces. \"That's for US!\" he said, grabbing another cup. \"And that's for-\" \"No, Bobby don't break anymore cups.\" PJ said, taking it away from him. \"Should we get this party started?\" Max asked the crowd that had gathered in his front porch. They cheered and he opened the door, leading them into the new frat house. The house was covered with pictures of the last X-games, Max on his skateboard, Bobby on his blades and PJ on his bike. Yellow and blue decorated the walls, as well as countless trophies from different sporting events. Powerline was blasting off the speakers, his latest single pouring through every room in the house. Max looked around for Jasmine, the short red head girl he had met his freshman year. He walked back outside, but through the large crowd that had gathered, he couldn't see where she was. \"Congrats Max!\" \"Cheers, mate.\" \"I knew you could do it!\" He thanked everyone, getting pats and praised as he walked around, looking for his red head. \"I could have sworn she was just here.\" He said to himself, looking across the street. A glimpse of red caught his eye, someone getting in a car, a girl maybe? \"Max!\" He turned around and Jasmine was heading towards him, a beer in her hand. He smiled and reached for it. \"You know you're not supposed to drink.\" He said, handing the beer to some guy standing behind him. She pouted. \"We're celebrating aren't we?\" she said, crossing her arms. He kissed her forehead. \"Yes, but that doesn't mean we are going to drink. One glass of champagne is enough.\" She rolled her eyes. \"You're such a health crazed nut.\" \"C'mon, let's go inside. And yes, I have to be. I'm the X-games King, remember?\" he said, putting his arms around her shoulder. PJ was in the living room with Mocha, his girlfriend since freshman year. She was dancing with him, everyone watching. People whistled and clapped as PJ picked her up and spun her, carefully coming to a stop. Bobby was leaning against the wall, a beer in his hand. \"Why does Bobby get to drink? I'm not even an athlete.\" Jasmine said, pointing at Bobby. Max sighed. \"Go get one, then. Come find me, I'll be right here.\" She smiled and planted a kiss on his lips. He smiled back, her green eyes reflecting his grin. \"Yo, Max- where are the hot babes, dude? I don't see none.\" Bobby said as Max approached him. \"Bobby, you know you're not supposed to be drinking.\" Max said, leaning against the wall next to him. Bobby lowered his frames and gave Max a look. \"I asked about the babes dude. No need to lecture me about the kind a beverage a man like myself should be drinkin- OH HEY LADIES.\" Bobby handed his beer to Max and walked after some freshman girls who had walked in front of them, giggling when they spotted Max. Max laughed, shaking his head. He set the beer down, and looked outside the window, spying the new house in front of theirs. He was sure he had seen a girl get into the car. Could it be that girls had moved in? Last year it had belonged to group of senior math nerds, who never came out. The car was back, the one he had seen not too long ago. Maybe he should welcome them over? If they were girls, Bobby would have loved that. He looked back into his living room, which had turned into a small dance floor. The lights had been dimmed, and people were singing and enjoying themselves. As much as Max liked being the center of attention, he wasn't on his skateboard, or dancing, so he found himself pretty bored. He walked over to the kitchen, where he found Jasmine chatting away with her two friends, a beer in her hand. When she saw him she waved. \"Sorry, honey I got caught up. I ran into Sarah and Liz, you remember them?\" Jasmine said, pointing at the tall blond girl and the short round brunette. They waved, Sarah taking a sip of her beer. \"Congratulations Max, great news.\" She said. \"The Gammas finally have another house to compete with.\" \"They've been losers since I started here.\" Max said \"But now, Team99 will always be rivals to the Gammas.\" Jasmine clapped her hands. \"My boyfriend is the best! Aren't you, darling?\" Max smiled, rubbing the back of his neck. He had never really talked to Sarah or Liz, and he felt out of place. \"Well, I came to check up on you. I'm going to go get some fresh air, I'll be back, okay?\" he said, kissing her quickly on the lips. Jasmine nodded. \"I'll be here,\" she said and he walked out of the back door. He made his way around to the front of the house, where a group of freshmen were rollerblading by, their face in awe when they spotted Max. He waved, and one of them crashed into the other, making them all fall in a big heap. He laughed, but looked away, deciding it was best not to make a scene. He crossed the street and slowly opened the gate to the neighbor's house. He looked over his shoulder, the crowd of people still enjoying themselves on his lawn. It made him happy to see that he finally had made a name for himself, and that people respected him. As he approached the door, he saw rows and rows of tulips and daisies, all lined up neatly in a small garden. That hadn't been there last year. They were definitely girls. He knocked, feeling a little nervous. That was weird. He hadn't felt nervous in years. It must be the bit of liquor he had had earlier. That's why I don't drink. He didn't hear anything, but he spotted someone look from the window quickly and then disappeared. It was too fast to make out who it was. \"Um, yes?\" a voice came from the other side of the door. \"Uh, yes, hello! I wanted to welcome you into the neighborhood.\" He said, the voice catching him off guard. It sounded familiar. \"Uh, okay- thanks!\" the woman's voice said. She sounded nervous. \"Would you mind opening the door?\" he asked, curiosity getting the better of him. \"I am busy! Sorry but thank you anyway Max! I have to get going.\" He heard shuffling and then silence. He turned away from the door, making to leave. \"Wait,\" he said slowly, looking at the door over his shoulder. How did she know who I was? He made to knock again, but stopped himself. They were neighbors. They would cross paths eventually. \"MAX! There you are!\" Mocha said, running across the street. He walked up her, and noticed throw up all over her dark clothes. \"Your partner just blew her chunks all over me and PJ. She's drunk.\" Mocha said, snapping her fingers in his face. Max quickly walked past her and ran back into the house.[Chapter 3] Roxanne kneeled in front of her door, her heart beating fast. Max had just been a few feet- no a step away from her. She slowly got up, and walked over to her window. He wasn't there anymore. She looked over to his house, where she saw him running back, and then he was gone. She moved her bangs away from her face, and fixed her glasses so that she could see better. It looked like something was going on at his house. PJ came out, his hands intertwined with a beautiful petite girl. Wow, who would have thought PJ could get a girl? She giggled at her own joke. She had to remember that the boys she knew were men now, but all their silly antics were still engraved in her memory. Max came out of the house, his arms supporting a girl, the same girl she had seen on the television with him at the last X-games. It looked like he was struggling to keep her up. Bobby walked out after them, holding a purse. It must belong to her. The girl made to kiss Max as they walked out into the sidewalk and he turned his face away. From there she could see Max was upset. The girl was drunk. She had fallen to the floor, and threw up again. Max ran his fingers through his hair, his usual sign of frustration. He kicked the fence, Bobby patting him on his back. He was saying something, and Max kept shaking his head. PJ and his girlfriend walked over to the girl on the sidewalk, whose face was covered in throw-up. PJ's girlfriend took her shirt off, exposing her great physique. Bobby and Max looked over, their faces red. Roxanne rolled her eyes. That hadn't changed. PJ said something to them, which made them snap out of it, while PJ's girlfriend wiped the girl's mouth with her shirt. Max went over and picked her up in his arms and began to walk away, his three friend's following him. He said something over his shoulder and Bobby stopped, and turned back, making his way to their house. RING, RING, RING The phone startled her, and with one last look at Max she went to pick up the phone. \"Hello?\" \"Hey, Roxanne, do you want to have dinner at the Asian place by the school store? I heard it's yummy! We haven't had Asian food since high school!\" \"Oh, Stace, it's you. You won't believe what just-\" \"And plus there's this cute guy that works there. I'll meet you there okay?! Bye!\" The phone cut off. Roxanne put the phone down, and walked back to the window. She saw people leaving Max's house, Bobby standing by the door, waving at everyone. She sighed. She had gotten dressed, grabbed her keys and turned the lights off. She opened the door, surprised at how quiet it had become. Only an hour ago was Powerline blasting through the walls of Max's house. She locked the door and walked away, nervously. She was still shocked at how close Max had been to her. She opened the door to her black car, and turned the engine on. She sat there, looking at his house, wondering if he had come back, or if he had stayed with her. She shook her head and chuckled. \"Pull yourself together.\" She said to herself. \"We are different people. I need to relax.\" She pulled up the restaurant, which was packed. She looked around for Stacey, and found her sitting in a booth, drinks already ordered. Roxanne waved and sat down, smiling. Stacey was wearing her hair in a low ponytail, her pearl earrings dangling from each ear. Her shirt was low cut, exposing her cleavage. \"Roxanne, glad you could join me! I was getting worried. I was about to call the house again.\" Stacey said, taking a sip of her drink. Roxanne placed her bag on her side. \"Sorry, Stace- it was just a weird afternoon.\" Roxanne said, fumbling with the straw in her drink. \"Max, knocked on our door.\" Stacey choked on her drink, her eyes wide. \"What?!\" she said, her voice coarsed. \"Why?\" \"He wanted to welcome us into the neighborhood.\" \"Wasn't he throwing some sort of party?\" Stacey asked, pushing her drink aside. Roxanne nodded. \"You didn't open the door, did you?\" \"Nope,\" \"Hello, ladies, what can I get you guys this evening?\" Roxanne looked up to see their waiter, a cute tall man. He smiled at them. She looked away, blushing. \"We'll share a triple delight, thanks.\" Stacey said, her eyes on Roxanne. \"Okay, will that be all?\" he asked. The girls nodded. \"Okay then, I'm Tony, and if you girls need anything, let me know.\" He walked away. \"Uh-huh.. Wasn't he cute?\" Stacey said, an eyebrow raised. Roxanne shook her head. \"Let's no get carried away. Yes, he was cute but that's all.\" She said, taking a sip of her drink. A Shirley temple. Her favorite. \"Okay, okay, but you know you're going to have to get over Marc, not all guys are like him.\" Stacey said. \"I know you still care for Max, but I don't know if that's ever going to work again. So, promise me you'll be more open to possibilities.\" Roxanne sat her glass down, a weight building up in her chest. Marc was the guy she had dated in France, a guy that had cheated on her with a classmate of hers. Since then she had been iffy with guys. \"How about you, huh? You haven't had anyone since Bobby.\" Roxanne said. \"You mean Robert?\" she said. \"Yes, him. I saw him.\" \"WHAT?!\" Stacey exclaimed, and then lowered her voice. \"How is he?\" Roxanne smiled. \"Just the same. I saw him through the window.\" \"Why did we get that house to move into?\" Stacey said \"Of all the houses on campus, we had to move in front of Team99.\" \"Fate?\" Roxanne stated. \"Hey, I'll be back, need to go to the bathroom.\" \"Okay, it's by the bar,\" Stacey pointed. Roxanne got up, grabbing her purse. The place was packed. She walked to the bathroom, bumping into a girl on her way. \"I'm sorry-\" \"No, excuse me, I'm the tired one.\" Roxanne noticed it was PJ's girlfriend. She was wearing a dark purple dress, and high heels. Roxanne quickly walked into the bathroom and into one of the stalls. Her breath felt heavy. He's not here. It's just her, maybe PJ. He won't recognize me. Calm down. She walked back out of the stall and saw PJ's girlfriend standing there, staring at her reflection. \"Are you new?\" She asked. Roxanne turned the faucet on and washed her hands. \"Yes.\" Roxanne said nervously. \"I'm sorry about bumping into you. My friends call me Mocha. Are you a freshman? You look a little old to be one.\" Roxanne shook her head. \"I'm a senior. I transferred here after my program finished.\" \"Oh- okay. I'll see you around.\" Mocha said, waving. She opened the door. \"I didn't get your name.\" \"Oh!\" Roxanne said, turning the faucet off. \"I'm Roxanne.\" \"Pretty name. Catch you around Roxanne.\" And she left. Roxanne quickly made her way back to her booth, noticing the food had already been delivered. \"What took you so long?\" Stacey asked, digging her chopsticks into the large pot of beef, shrimp and chicken. \"I think the guys are here. I ran into PJ's girlfriend in the bathroom.\" Roxanne said, her appetite gone. \"No, way, you serious?\" Stacey asked. Roxanne looked around, trying to see if she could spy Mocha. She saw her sitting in the corner booth, not far from them. And there, of course was Max. \"Oh my gosh, there they are.\" Roxanne said, sinking deeper into her seat. Stacey turned around and gasped. \"Look at Robert! He doesn't look at all like I remember him.\" She said. \"Stacey! Stop looking!\" Roxanne pleaded, wanting to disappear. \"We are going to have to see them eventually. It'll be hard to avoid him in class on Monday.\" Stacey said, turning back around. \"I'll try as long as I can.\" Roxanne said, grabbing her chopsticks. \"Could we maybe take this to go?\" Stacey sighed. \"I don't get you Roxanne.\" \"I don't know what's wrong with me either. He makes me so nervous.\" Stacey took another bite. \"Allright. We can do that.\"[Chapter 4] \"She makes me so angry sometimes!\" He exclaimed, taking a bite of his eggroll. \"I should have stopped her.\" PJ said, taking a sip of his water. \" I saw her drinking another beer but I didn't think she had chugged four other ones before that one.\" \"She's crazy, bro.\" Bobby said, stuffing his face with lo mien. \"She's, I don't even know anymore.\" Said Max, wiping his mouth with his sleeve. \"A handful?\" \"Up to you what you want to do, Max.\" PJ said. \"You guys have been together since freshman year.\" Max sighed. \"Yeah but we've been official for only four months.\" \"Way I see it Bro, you got it in- took her out, if that ain't couple material, call me Billy.\" Bobby said, mouth full of noodles. \"I guess you're right.\" Max said, \"I just have to brush this off.\" \"Eating without me?\" Mocha stated, taking a seat next to Bobby. \"You took too long.\" Bobby said, grabbing one of Max's eggroll. \"I didn't baby,\" PJ said, smiling. She gave him a kiss on the cheek. \"That's why you're so cool.\" She said, taking some rice and feeding it to him. \"And I almost killed a girl going to the bathroom, she looked so frightened.\" \"I woudn't blame her, you're one scary dude.\" Bobby said. \"What happened?\" PJ asked. \"I just bumped into her, but she looked as if she had seen a ghost or something. Her names Roxanne.\" Mocha said, taking a sip of PJ's water. \"What?\" all three guys said in unison. \"Red hair?\" asked Max \"Curvy?\" Bobby asked \"Shy?\" PJ asked. Mocha put her hands up in the air, her sign that they should take it easy. \"Yes, to all those questions.\" She said. \"What's the big deal?\" \"That's Max's Ex-girlfriend.\" PJ said. Max took a gulp of his soda. His throat had gone dry all of a sudden. \"It can't be her,\" he said. \"She moved away.\" \"Yeah, didn't you guys stop talking after the Prom Incident?\" Bobby asked. Max nodded. The image of 17 year old Roxanne came into his head, seeing her walk away as he stood by the gym, a slap across his cheek. That was the last time he had ever heard from her. He felt sad every time he thought about it. Everything was a blur, but what he did remember was Chloe, the girl that had kissed him in front of the whole senior class, Roxanne included. He should have pulled her away, but he didn't know what got a hold of him. Oh, yeah. Everyone was cheering. She was Prom Queen. He focused back on his food. \"Yeah, that wasn't her. There are a lot of red heads on this campus. Take Jasmine for instance.\" \"Yeah,\" the three others agreed. Mocha shrugged and went back to eating her food. Max had lost his appetite. He grabbed his skateboard from under the table and got up. \"Where yah goin'?\" Bobby asked. \"Yeah, Max, eat.\" PJ said, knowing Max's gestures all too well. \"I know you're upset, but not eating won't help anything. Let Jasmine be. She'll be sorry tomorrow.\" \"I'm not hungry.\" He said, and walked away. Once outside, he got on his board and began to skate, the street lamps turning on. He passed by the library, remembering his first year here, studying late with his dad. I wonder how he's doing. He thought, skating away. Goofy had married Sylvia, and she had moved in with him, so she didn't work at the library anymore. It was too far of a commute. As he crossed the street, he saw a dark red car zooming towards him. Before he had time to react, the car hit him and he went flying, his elbow hitting the pavement hard. He screamed out in pain, and watched as the car drove away, turning off it's headlights. \"Fuck,\" he screamed, feeling the pain soaring through his body. His head was pounding, and he felt something cold tickling down his face. His eye sight became blurry. \"MAX!\" he heard a voice, but couldn't make out anything. He saw a figure run towards him, coming out of a black car. He blinked several times, trying to stay conscious. \"Oh, my gosh! Stacey get help!\" He saw her face. He could make out her mole, her bushy red hair. \"Stay with me, Max.\" She said, holding his head up. Everything went black then.[Chapter 5] Max woke up to the sound of a tapping. He blinked several times, feeling a sharp pain behind his left eye. He closed it shut, waiting a few seconds before opening them again. He saw his left arm and leg were bandaged. He was in the hospital, a nurse tapping away at her clipboard, not noticing him at all. He groaned, and the nurse turned in his direction, startled. She set her clipboard aside and walked over to him, checking his monitor. \"You feeling okay, honey?\" she said, quickly jotting something. \"You've been asleep for a little over a day. Nasty fall you had.\" Max tried to say something but found himself too tired to speak. He closed his eyes again and fell asleep. \"He should wake up soon, the nurse said he had been awake earlier. It's a shame I wasn't here to see him.\" Max woke up for the second time, his vision blurry. The pain had subsided a bit, and he could see someone with red hair standing by the doorway. He rubbed his eyes, feeling a sting as he did so. \"Oh! I think he's waking up!\" \"MAXIE!\" Max's vision had started to focus and he saw his dad running towards him, arms outstretched. He tripped on the chair in front of him and landed on Max's bed, luckily on his good side. \"Goofy, PLEASE be careful!\" Sylvia said, helping him off the bed. Max winced, having felt the impact. \"Sorry, Maxie. How you feelin' son?\" he said, kissing Max on the forehead. Usually this would have made Max embarrassed, but right now he was too tired to care. \"S-sore\" he managed to say. \"What happened?\" Sylvia took a seat on the chair by his bed. He looked over at the doorway and Jasmine stood there, worried. \"Jasmine, come on by. I think Max would like to see you.\" Goofy said, noticing the two looking at each other. She walked over, arms crossed. \"Is it okay to hug you?\" she asked him. Max nodded and felt his girlfriend hug him tight. \"I'm sorry I was so reckless at your party Max, I am! I was so afraid I'd lost you that night PJ called me.\" She said, starting to cry. Max looked over at Sylvia, not knowing what to do. She shrugged. \"It-it's okay, Jasmine.\" He said, patting her back. \"I would like to know what happened. You were there right?\" Jasmine broke free from him, tears in her eyes. \"Huh? No, I wasn't Max.\" Max tried to recollect the last thing he saw. It was someone with red hair, that much he remembered. \"I could have sworn-\" he said, confused. \"Someone did call the hospital though, we didn't get their names, but I am so happy someone was there to see what had happened. They said a car did a hit and run. They didn't see the car fast enough to catch the license plate, or the model. They were too worried for you.\" Sylvia said, frowning. \"How can someone be so reckless.\" \"I'm just happy you're all right son.\" Goofy said. \"You will need lot's of rest.\" \"I'll be here with you until you get better okay?\" Jasmine said, kissing his forehead. Max smiled. \"Maximum is awake!\" He heard Bobby's voice as the trio marched in, all of them holding cups of coffee in their hands. \"Max!\" PJ said, handing a cup to Goofy. \"You're better!\" \"I wouldn't say better, Peej.\" Max said, happy to see everyone. \"But awake, yes.\" \"We've been up all night hoping for you to return, bro.\" Bobby said, taking a sip of his coffee. \"These fools didn't want to leave the hospital until they knew you were all right.\" Mocha said, handing a cup of coffee to Sylvia. Sylvia thanked her and stood up, motioning Jasmine to sit down. \"I think Max needs time for himself. There's too many of us in here as it is.\" She said, taking Goofy's hand. \"I'm sleeeeeeepy.\" Bobby yawned, taking a seat on the floor. He was about to lay down just as Mocha grabbed him by the collar. \"Not. Here.\" She said. He fussed, spilling some of the coffee onto the floor. \"Nooooooooooo.\" He said, kicking. \"Baby, can you please help me?\" Mocha asked PJ, who handed her his cup of coffee and grabbed Bobby, throwing him over his shoulder. \"We're going to come back later okay, Max?\" He said, with an already snoring Bobby on his shoulder. \"We need some sleep. I'm glad you're better.\" Mocha went over to Max and kissed him on the cheek before walking back out with the boys. \"We're staying with you guys,\" Goofy said, smiling. \"It's like ol' times!\" Max groaned. \"Aww, pops-\" \"It's just until you get better, Maxie. We'll be back around noon. Get some more rest. Jasmine, you sure you don't want to go home?\" Goofy asked, as him and Sylvia walked over to the door. Jasmine shook her head. \"No, Mr. Goof. I want to stay with Max if that's okay.\" She said, holding Max's hand. Goofy nodded and walked out, leaving the couple alone.[Chapter 6] Some people settle for the typical thing, Livin' all their lives waiting in the wings, It ain't a question of \"if\" just a matter of \"time\" Before I move to the front of the line She sat next to her boom box, her knees up to her chest, Powerline's song \"Stand Out\" playing on repeat. When she felt down, this song always cheered her up. This had been their song, and the image of him with his Powerline outfit always made her smile. He had looked so handsome, so confident. It was the first time it hit her that she really wanted to be with him. \"We should have gone to the hospital.\" She looked up and saw Stacey standing in her pajamas, her face tired. Roxanne clicked the song off, waiting for Stacey to say more. \"I haven't slept since.\" \"Sorry, Stace,\" Roxanne said softly. It was true. Neither of them had slept. \"How do you think he is?\" Stacey asked, walking over and taking a seat next to her. Roxanne felt her tears build up and she tried blinking them away. How could she have just let them take him and not follow him to the hospital? \"Don't cry,\" Stacey said, putting her arm around her. \"We can call the hospital and ask.\" \"I'm so selfish.\" Roxanne said, standing up. \"Where are you going?\" Stacey asked quickly. \"Roxanne!\" Roxanne placed her flats on and grabbed her bag from the floor and opened the door. \"Roxanne!\" Stacey yelled behind her. She didn't care. She had to make sure he was all right. What if he wasn't? What if he had- No, she thought, picking up the pace and jumping in the car. He has to be okay. Stacey banged on the window, and Roxanne unlocked the door. \"What are you doing?\" \"Stacey, I have to go see him. Are you coming or not?\" she said, already moving the car in reverse. Before Stacey had time to say anything, Roxanne grabbed her hand and shoved her in. \"Oh, gosh, I hope you don't regret this.\" Stacey said as Roxanne drove off. \"I regret a lot of things. I need to make sure he's okay. Sitting around at home isn't doing me or anyone any good.\" Roxanne said, her eyes focused on the road. It was a bright sunny day, college students walking around and enjoying the weather. \"I don't even have shoes on.\" Stacey said, buckling her seatbelt. \"I have sandals in the back. \" Roxanne responded. \"Roxanne, think about what you are doing. Are you sure you want to do this?\" She didn't say anything, but felt the tears building up again. Yeah, she wanted to do this. She wanted to see Max. The hospital was packed. Roxanne looked around, and spotted a nurse on her computer, clicking away. She ran up to her, startling the nurse. \"Can I help you?\" the nurse asked, looking at both girls. \"Yes, can you please help us find a patient?\" Roxanne asked, her heart beating fast. \"Are you related to this patient?\" the nurse asked, clicking away at her keyboard again. \"We're friends. His name is Maximillian Goof. Please, can you just tell us where he is?\" Stacey said, impatiently. The nurse blew a bubble with her gum and resumed typing. \"Yeah, we have him. He's on the fourth floor. Room 418.\" The nurse said, writing it down on a sticky note. She handed it to Roxanne. \"Thank you.\" Roxanne said, making to leave. \"Hold on, ladies, you guys need to sign in before I let you anywhere in the hospital. Sign here please.\" The nurse handed them a clipboard. They quickly wrote their names down. \"Thank you.\" The girls said in unison. \"You ready to see him?\" Stacey asked as they waited in front of the elevator. Roxanne felt like she was about to throw up. \"I don't know.\" She responded as the elevator doors opened. \"I just need to know if he's well.\" Stacey nodded. They boarded the elevator, both of them saying nothing as Roxanne pressed the button to the fourth floor. Her hands had gone cold, a sign she was nervous. She tried to flatten her hair with her hands, seeing her tired reflection in the mirror of the elevator. She had changed so much in three years. \"You look great, Roxanne.\" Stacey said, smiling softly. \"I know you're nervous, but I'm proud of you.\" Roxanne smiled back at her best friend. The elevator stopped and the doors opened to reveal the empty hallway that was the fourth floor. She looked down the hall and saw no one. Her heart felt as if it were about to burst out of her chest. \"There it is, room 418.\" Stacey pointed out. They walked up to it slowly, Roxanne hesitating to grab the doorknob. \"Go on,\" Stacey urged her with a push. This was serious Déjà vu from their sophomore year. She turned the doorknob and opened the door. She held her breath as she stepped into the dimly lit room, the only light coming from a crack in the curtains. \"You can't handle your alcohol.\" Max said \"I know, I'm sorry. It won't happen again. That was stupid of me. I give you my word.\" Roxanne watched as the short red head girl leaned across the bed and planted a kiss on Max. Roxanne felt short of breath all of a sudden, and pushed her way back out the door, grabbing Stacey's hand and running down the hall, turning a sharp corner. \"Roxanne- what?\" Stacey said, but Roxanne covered her mouth, urging her to be quiet. \"HELLO?\" came the girl's voice, her footsteps echoing closer. \"Is someone there?\" \"Go out and tell her you had the wrong room.\" Roxanne whispered against Stacey's ear. Stacey's eyes got large as Roxanne pushed her out, exposing her to Max's girlfriend. \"Uh, hi.\" Stacey said, quickly glaring at Roxanne. \"Were you just in our room?\" Max's girlfriend asked. Roxanne couldn't see her, but she could tell the girl sounded angry. \"Yeah, about that- I'm sorry, I had the wrong room.\" Stacey said nervously. \"That's rude of you. Who are you anyway?\" \"That's none of your business. I said I was sorry right?\" Stacey said. Roxanne banged her head against the wall. \"Uh, yeah it is. Why were you spying on me and my boyfriend?\" \"No one was spying on you and Max.\" Stacey said. \"How do you know his name?\" Max's girlfriend asked. \"Who doesn't know Max Goof? I go to this school too.\" Stacey said. Roxanne sighed. Good save. \"True. Look I don't know who you are. Don't come running around again or I'll report you.\" Stacey glared at her. Roxanne heard Max's girlfriend's footsteps walking away. \"Look what you went and did!\" Stacey said angrily, walking up to Roxanne, who had been hiding in the corner. \"What happened?\" \"I'm just glad he didn't see me.\" Roxanne said. \"You're crazy! You were in his room!\" Stacey said, her face red. \"Yeah and I don't know what came over me, okay? They were there kissing. What was I supposed to do?\" Stacey grabbed her hair in frustration. \"Ask him if he was okay! That's what we came to do right?!\" \"Look's like he's okay to me.\" Roxanne said, rolling her eyes. \"I'll never understand you.\" Stacey said, walking away. \"Stacey!\" Roxanne pleaded, walking after her. \"Look, I'm sorry.\" Stacey didn't stop walking. She pushed the button to the elevator hard, taking deep breaths. \"What you're doing is childish Roxanne.\" Stacey said. \"Can't you just-\" Max's girlfriend had appeared behind them, her arms crossed. Roxanne turned around and saw her tapping her foot, waiting for the elevator. \"Leaving already?\" she asked Stacey. She completely ignored her. \"Yeah, I am.\" Stacey said, as the elevator doors opened. Stacey and Max's girlfriend stepped in. Roxanne stood there, watching them. \"Aren't you coming?\" Stacey asked her, holding the door open for her. Roxanne shook her head. Stacey smiled and let the doors close, Max's girlfriend eyeing Roxanne as the doors closed in front of her. \"Stacey's right.\" Roxanne said to herself as she walked over to room 418. \"I am being childish.\" She took a deep breath and opened the door.[Chapter 7] \"That'll probably keep him from the preliminary round.\" Bradley Uppercrust the Third said, glaring into the mirror in the hallway. His face was scruffy, having gone a week without shaving. He had heavy bags under his eyes, his face a mere shadow of what it used to be. This was his 5th year at college, having failed classes because he was too busy trying to out due Max in the games. People didn't come around like they used to, and talked about him behind his back, laughing at him when he walked by. They didn't respect him anymore. Tank had resigned, while the rest of his \"friends\" walked out, or graduated, his team made up of mostly new coming athletes. He was going to show everyone. The preliminary rounds were only a month away. With Max injured, he wouldn't be able to participate. That's all he needed. He needed to regain the throne. Author's Note: HEY GUYS :) Thank you for reading my story, first of all, I wanted to make a note about this chapter. I wasn't originally going to use it, but after thinking about it, i decided it would be nice to keep familiar characters in my story. I was debating about Bradley, wether he would have been graduated by now or not, but in the movie, he had been in Max's classes- meaning he was either a Freshman, or a Second year student. (I'm in college and a senior- and it's very unlikely for a senior to be in a freshman class) My bet is on second year because he called Max a \"Freshman\". So I decided to keep Bradley, making him only a year older than Max, thus, still having him around for the story. I hope you all enjoy and follow the story! xoxo- LovelyFairy[Chapter 8] Hi my lovely readers! I am SOOOO sorry for not updating the story :( I am in Finals, so all of you in college know how hectic it can be! Count on an updated chapter by the latest Sunday night! I just wanted to say thank you to all who are reading and reviewing! Your reviews keep me going- so keep em coming! I love Max and Roxanne, the Goofy movies in general. I really wish they would make more. Anywho- Thank you all for reading! Sorry for the delay! 3 Silvia (And yes that's my name in real life .)[Chapter 9] Max lay on his side, facing the window. He was careful not to put much pressure against his leg or arm, since both were bandaged pretty tightly. He heard the door open, but he didn't bother to turn around. It's probably Jasmine, he thought. It had been hard talking to her, because she was quick to apologize, without really understanding that he wasn't happy with her crazy party ways. The last time she got drunk she had jumped into the pool, naked. \" Hem, hem.\" \"Yeah?\" he asked. Do these nurses ever leave him alone? He felt a tap on his shoulder and he turned around quickly. The red head stepped back, startled, bumping into his IV post. \"Roxanne?!\" he stated, shocked. She flicked away her bang, exposing her dark brown eyes. \"What, but how?\" \"Hi, Max.\" she said, blushing. He couldn't believe it. He patted his forehead with his hand, closing his eyes. \"I must be dreaming- this isn't real.\" He said to himself. She giggled and he opened his eyes again. She was really here, in front of him. \"Wow, I don't know what to say.\" He smiled, memories flooding through his brain. \"I wanted to know if you were okay, I- I was worried.\" Roxanne said, playing with her hair. She had the same old habit. He extended his good arm and she leaned into him, hugging him. \"It's so good to see you,\" Max said, the smell of cherry blossom's intoxicating him. This was her scent. How could he have ever forgotten? \"How did you know I was here? When did you get here? Mocha was right!\" \"I was the one that saw the accident happen. Stacey called the ambulance, but I was too- I don't know- but I – never mind. I am here now.\" She said, straightening up. \"How are you feeling?\" \"It doesn't matter! I can't believe you are really here!\" Max exclaimed, but then caught himself. He had to play it cool. He wanted to show her he wasn't the Goof kid anymore. \"I'm okay, when did you get here? Did you see who did it?\" \"I couldn't make out the car, I was too worried about you. But it was definitely a hit and run. You were in pretty bad shape. You passed out in my arms.\" Roxanne said, her face scrunching up, remembering the scene. \"So it was you I saw before I passed out.\" Max said, remembering the girl he had seen after the accident. \"I thought it was my girlfriend.\" \"Oh,\" Roxanne said, surprised. She looked down at the floor. \"Thank you, Roxanne, for saving me.\" He said softly, taking her hand. She looked up, her eyes wide, but smiled. \"Uh hi?\" Roxanne turned around and saw Jasmine standing there, an eyebrow raised and a tray of food in her hands. Now that they were in close proximities she could see that Jasmine had green eyes, which were squinted, her face annoyed. \"Oh, hey Jasmine- this is my friend Roxanne.\" Max said quickly, letting go of Roxanne's hand. \"Uh, huh.\" Jasmine said, walking around her and setting the tray on the desk. \"I've never seen or heard of you. You were with that girl that came and barged in our room.\" \"That was Stacey- and sorry about that.\" Roxanne said. Max could feel the tension between both girls. \"She's an old friend from high school. That's why you haven't met her.\" He said, wanting Jasmine to ease up. He felt embarrassed. \"Max has to eat, could you maybe come back later?\" Jasmine asked, taking a seat next to Max. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. \"I don't have to eat now.\" He said through gritted teeth. \"It's okay, I'll come back later maybe. It was nice seeing you again, Max. And it makes me really happy that you are doing well.\" Roxanne said, giving him a slight nod. He didn't want her to go. \"Roxanne, you don't have to-\" \"It's okay Max. \" she said and walked out of the room. He stared at the door, which had been firmly shut. \"What the hell were you doing?\" he asked Jasmine. \"And please get off the bed.\" She moved to the chair and opened a can of soda. \"I don't like her.\" Max groaned. \"Oh my gosh! Please tell me why you don't like a girl you've never met.\" She took a sip of her soda and waited a bit before focusing her attention back on him. \"Why didn't you ever mention her to me?\" \"Okay, we need to talk about this later. I am not in a good mood right now.\" He said, leaning back on his pillow. The one good thing that had come from this accident was having Roxanne come back, even if it was for five minutes. He had no way to reach her, or know where she was staying, or what she was up to now. All because Jasmine had kicked her out. If he had had both good legs, he would have gone after her. \"I agree. I'm leaving Max Goof. You know how to reach me.\" Jasmine said, standing up and slamming her can on the desk, spilling some on Max. \"Hey!\" he exclaimed, wiping the orange soda from his face. \"Ughhhh!\" He slammed his fist on the desk, angry. How much more of Jasmine would he be able to take?[Chapter 10] \"I don't know what to do Sylvia.\" Goofy said, rubbing his temples. \"I'm scared of leaving Maxie alone.\" Sylvia turned to quickly look at him, noticing his hunched expression and gloomy posture. They came to a red light, and as she stopped the car, she took a hold of his hand, their moon rings glowing slightly under the cloudy sky. \"We can stay, Goofy.\" She said to him. He looked up at her, his eyes big. \"Nah, I can't do that to you, Sylvia. Plus Max won't be happy if I do. We never could get along stuck under one roof for so long, you know.\" The light turned green and Sylvia drove off slowly, making a sharp turn onto their street. \"I believe that accident was no accident.\" She said, as they pulled up to Max's house. \"We don't have to stay with Max, but we could stay at the apartments just off campus- the ones I used to live in before I married you.\" Goofy kissed her cheek, and she blushed, still feeling as much in love with him as she had since they first dated. \"Well, it's settled then.\" Goofy said, trying to unbuckle his seatbelt, to no avail. \"Darn thing- eh- well-\" \"Here,\" Sylvia said, releasing the seatbelt from it's lock. Goofy flew forward, hitting the dashboard. Sylvia shook her head, used to his silly antics. \"Gee, thanks Sylvia.\" Goofy said nervously. He jumped out of the car and almost ran into Bobby. \"Woah- Mr. G, be careful\" Bobby said. \"Bobby, I thought you would be sleeping.\" Sylvia said \"Nah- I tried. But I decided to have another cup of a coffee, and two cups turned to three- turned to four- and seven..\" Sylvia shook her head and pushed the boy back towards the house. \"Do you think we should move our things now?\" Goofy asked as they walked up the front steps. \"Huh?\" Bobby asked \"You guys are leaving already?\" \"No, Bobby, we aren't\" Sylvia responded, opening the door. Remains from the previous party were still present, plastic bottles everywhere, confetti and pizza boxes all sat on top of a great pile by the door. \"We will be staying here for some time, at the apartments Sylvia used to live in.\" Goofy said, smiling. \"Wait- wait- no.\" Bobby said, his arms outstretched. \"No, no , no. Sorry Mr. Goof, but you can't do that.\" \"He can't do what?\" PJ walked out of the kitchen, a sandwich in his hand. Bobby ran up to him and grabbed him by the front of his shirt. \"Tell him he can't live on campus!\" Bobby exclaimed, nose to nose with PJ. \"Guys enough of this, we're here to grab our things.\" Sylvia said, walking past them. \"Sorry to burst your bubble guys, but Maxie needs me.\" Goofy said, patting Bobby on the back. \"We are so dead, dude. Max is going to kill us.\" PJ said. \"He's going to kill you. I tried to stop them.\" Bobby said, taking PJ's sandwich and walking off, shaking his head.[Chapter 11] Bradley knocked on the door, waiting for a response. He had his best shirt on, a plain white collard shirt, his black shorts and his overly priced running shoes. He had shaved, got his hair cut and managed to get a facial before deciding to visit his rival. \"It's open!\" He took a deep breath and stepped into the room. He was surprised to find Max alone, a magazine in his hand. Max set it aside and glared at him as he slowly approached the hard wooden chair that lay near his bed. \"What do you want?\" Max asked, his tone firm. \"I'm not in the mood to entertain you Gammas. I've had enough visitors for one day.\" \"I heard you started a Frat. What is it called? Theta Chi?\" Bradley said, taking a seat. \"Very clever.\" \"Yeah, what's it to you?\" Max responded. \"Tisk Tisk, Goof. I didn't come to attack you. I thought I'd pay you a visit and see how you're doing. That's all.\" Bradley said quickly, his hands up. He loved it that he was getting under Max's skin. I'll show you, Goof. I'll show you that I can be the man I once was, He thought. Max rolled his eyes and picked up his magazine again. \"If that's what you say you're doing.\" \"Oh, but I am Goof. See, I was just sitting at the Gamma house, preparing for the qualifying rounds, when I heard that you had been in an accident.\" Bradley pretended to cry. \"I just died when I heard the news.\" He noticed Max gaze up from the magazine, his face shocked. Bradley smiled. \"You didn't forget that the preliminary rounds are next week?\" he asked, enjoying the look on Max's face. \"Oh, my. I think you did.\" \"This can't be happening.\" Max said, hiding his face behind his large hands. \"No, no, no.\" Bradley looked down at his watch. \"I think I've been here long enough. I need to practice some more. I'm sorry you're in this condition, Max. I really am.\" Max was barely paying any attention to him. \"I can't miss the qualifying rounds. DAMN!\" Max slammed his fists against the side of his bed. Bradley stood up, running his fingers through his newly trimmed hair. \"If there's anything you need, let me know. I do hope you get better.\" He walked away, enjoying his moment. Once he was out of the room he smiled, and let out a deep breath. That had gone better than expected. It had been 3 years since he had made Max feel inferior. \"I'm back, baby.\" He said to himself as he walked down the hall.[Chapter 12] Roxanne giggled as Stacey paced around the living room, her hands on her hips. \"I can't believe he didn't recognize me!\" Stacey said, alarmed. \"Me?!\" \"Maybe he was just, I don't know. Tired?\" Roxanne said, trying to calm her down, but found it hard not to enjoy the situation. \"He was in my first class! He should know I'm here by now. I'm sure Max has already said something to him.\" Stacey said, throwing herself on the sofa. The large sun hat she was wearing fell to the floor beside her. Roxanne sighed. It had been a whole week since she last saw Max. It was Monday, and she was to have to her first class in the afternoon. She had seen him pull up from the hospital a few days ago, sitting on a wheelchair and looking miserable. After that, she hadn't seen him at all. She felt bad for not going over to talk to him at least. She didn't want to deal with Jasmine again. She had held her temper well during their first encounter, but she knew the second time wasn't going to go so smoothly. \"Bobby was never, bright.\" Said Roxanne, shrugging. \"Uh huh.\" Mumbled Stacey. \"Did you talk to him?\" Stacey sat up, shaking her head. \"I freaked out.\" Roxanne covered her mouth to keep herself from laughing. \"Ugh! That's it. I'm going to march on over there to the Theta Chi house and demand Robert to-\" \"To what?\" Roxanne asked, grinning. \"Remember his first love?\" Stacey grabbed a pillow and threw it at her before breaking out into a fit. She began to laugh, and then slowly Roxanne noticed that tears were rolling down her cheeks. \"Stace- Stacey. Oh my gosh, are you okay?\" Roxanne ran up to her friend, who had begun to cry into her hands. She placed her arms around her and patted her head. \"Honey, what happened?\" Stacey didn't say anything but burst into tears. She shook her head and wiped her face with the sleeve of her arm. She looked at Roxanne, her mascara running. \"I know how you feel now. About Max I mean.\" Stacey said, hiccupping. \"Ugh, I could have sworn I was over Robert.\" Roxanne didn't know what to say. The whole time she had been worried about how she was going to make it in school with Max living so close to her when she had forgot that Stacey had left Bobby behind for her, too. Bobby was Stacey's first boyfriend, and when Roxanne left, Stacey followed, leaving Bobby behind. \"I'm sorry.\" She managed to say, hugging Stacey harder. \"I should have realized.\" Stacey smiled, her face swollen from the tears she had just dropped. She shook her head and took a deep breath. \"He was flirting with some other girl. That's why he didn't see me. I sat in the front of the class for a reason, but he sat in the back, with some blond girl.\" Stacey sniffled, and then her face got serious. She stood up, taking Roxanne by surprise. \"If he thinks that I'm some crybaby, well. I don't want Robert.\" Roxanne didn't know what to say. Stacey walked out of the living room and into the kitchen. She came out with a glass of water, which she chugged quickly before walking over to the window. \"When's your first class?\" \"This afternoon.\" Roxanne said, feeling awkward. Did Stacey not want to talk about it? \"Oh, look. Max is finally getting out of the house.\" Said Stacey, quickly. Roxanne gasped but then caught herself. \"And he's with Jasmine.\" \"Is he on the wheelchair?\" asked Roxanne, curious. She couldn't help but feel her face get hot when she heard Jasmine's name. \"Mhm.\" Stacey nodded. \"He doesn't look too happy.\" Roxanne shifted uncomfortably in her seat. She wanted to get up to see him, but knew it was best to move on with her life without having to spy on Max. \"I think I'm going to go get a head start today for class. I want to stop by the library.\" She said, getting up. Stacey turned around. \"Aren't you curious at all about Max?\" she asked, an eyebrow raised. Roxanne shook her head. \"He's fine.\" She managed to say, knowing Stacey wanted a response from her. \"If you say so. I honestly don't think it's healthy for both of us to still have feelings for our exes after so much time has passed. And yet here we are. MISERABLE. For what?\" Stacey said loudly. \"Stacey-\" \"No, Roxanne. Look at us! We're pathetic! And here I was thinking that this wasn't going to happen to us. We'd come back from France and life would continue as it should.\" Yelled Stacey, closing the window shut. \"But none of us have really enjoyed ourselves have we? No. Because we're stuck here, hiding like little rats.\" \"Okay, that's enough,\" said Roxanne, surprised Stacey was acting this way. \"One we are not rats and two we will get over this. Please. I know I haven't been the best lately and I'm sorry. I should have realized you were going through something as well. Look if you want to tell everyone we live here, I'm all for it okay. Let's make the best of our last year.\" Pleaded Roxanne. Stacey walked up to her and nodded. \"You promise?\" asked Stacey. \"Yes. I promise. Enough is enough. Truce?\" Roxanne extended her pinky out. Stacey interlocked her pinky with her and they hugged. \"I'm sorry Roxanne. It's just been one hell of a week. Sneaking around so no one sees us. Talking to nobody.\" Said Stacey. \"I know what you mean. All we can do is read and watch television.\" Laughed Roxanne. \"Speaking of television. We should hold a party! We can meet more people that way.\" Stacey said, excited. \"Haha, but let's not get ahead of ourselves. A party does sound like a good idea. Let's put that on hold. I still need to get to the library.\" Roxanne said. \"Which book are you looking for?\" the librarian asked, flipping through her catalogue. \"Um, Life of the Cell, by Manuel Mangombe. It's a required textbook for cellular biology.\" Said Roxanne, showing the woman the syllabus. \"Oh, okay. I found it. You're in luck. We have one copy left. Let me get it for you.\" The short woman stood up and walked toward a locked room. Roxanne held her binder close to her, nervous. She looked around, scared she was going to run into someone she knew from high school. The librarian returned, holding a heavy book in her hand. \"Gosh, this book sure is complicated.\" \"What do you mean?\" asked Roxanne, curious. The librarian wrote something down on a sheet of paper. \"Lot's of seniors get held back because of this course. I don't understand why. Everyone says it's the professor. At first I thought the students were just finding someone to blame, but with all the seniors I've seen come by for this textbook I'm starting to think it's not the student's fault at all.\" She responded. \"Can I have your ID?\" Roxanne handed her student ID, frowning. \"So you're saying there's a chance I can fail this class?\" \"Oh, no dear. Not at all.\" The librarian stamped the book with a bright red stamp and handed it to her. She did not sound convincing. \"Good luck. I'll be sending you a letter in the mail before the rental is due. Have fun in class, dear.\" Roxanne smiled, feeling the weight of the book in her hands. The thing weighed a ton. She waved at the librarian and began to walk out, her shoulders tensing up. She looked down at her watch. She had a whole hour before class. What was she going to do for a whole hour? \"Hey, excuse me.\" She felt a tap on her shoulder. She turned around and saw a guy there, holding her ID. \"You forgot this.\" \"Thanks.\" She managed to say. \"That was dumb of me.\" \"No sweat. Are you new here? I've never seen you before.\" He said, extending his hand. Roxanne could have sworn she had seen this guy before. His face was familiar. \"I'm Bradley. Bradley Uppercrust the Third.\" Her eyes went wide when she heard his name. He stood a whole foot taller than her, wearing a collard yellow shirt and jeans. He had his book bag on one shoulder, and in the other she noticed he was carrying the same textbook she had. He smiled. She had seen this guy many times on television, riding alongside Max in the games. Their freshman year he had exploded the arena they were competing on. Their sophomore year he had flooded the stadium. Last year he had sent another player flying toward the crowd, causing the audience to suffer many injuries. He was infamous. Her gaze landed on a group of guys, all grinning up at her from the bottom of the stairs. Yep. This was Gamma leader Bradley. She moved her attention back to Bradley. \"I'm Roxanne. And yeah, I'm new. Moved back here from France.\" \"Oh, that's really cool.\" He said. \"I've been there many times with my folks. What part were you staying at?\" \"Nice. Cote d'Ivoire\" she responded, surprised that he had travelled. \"J'aime Nice. I think it's my favorite place in France, honestly.\" He responded. \"Wow, yeah, I think so too.\" She said. \"Are you by any chance heading to Celluar Bio with Professor K?\" he asked, glancing at her textbook. \"Yeah, I just got the book and already have heard scary stuff about this class.\" She said, shocked at how easy the conversation was going. Usually she found it hard to talk to strangers. \"C'mon. I'll give you the 411 on the class. Trust me, it's my second time taking it,\" he said, taking a step down the stairs. \"Unless you have other plans?\" She thought a moment. He seemed nice. And it felt great talking to someone other than Stacey for a change. She nodded and followed him. \"Roxanne, I'd like you to meet the Gammas,\" Bradley stated, pointing at his group of guys. They waved at her. \"Hello.\" She said, shyly. \"You guys get back to the house. I have to head to class anyway. Please stay out of trouble. I don't want any injured players before the event this Friday. Understand?\" he asked. The Gammas all responded, and in a straight line walked away. Roxanne blinked back in surprise. \"I've never seen that before.\" She said, watching them as they crossed the street. \"It's a first.\" \"It's the way the Gamma house is run.\" Bradley said, leading her away. \"Do you know about the College X Games since you lived in France?\" She hesitated before responding. There was no way Max wasn't going to come up in this conversation. \"Yeah, I was still a part of the school so we would be able to see the game on a big screen.\" She said. \"Oh, so you know who I am then?\" he said smugly. \"I'm just kidding. I'm not the king anymore. That title belongs to some other guy now.\" Roxanne didn't know what to say, so she nodded, eager for the conversation to take a different turn. This campus was so big; the odds of having run into Bradley amazed her. And of all places the library. She didn't know the guy but he didn't seem like the school type. That point was obvious. He was retaking a class. She had never had to retake a class. \"But see, I think I have a chance now. The king, Max is injured. Which means he won't be able to play in the preliminaries. Honestly his two side kicks are decent players but I don't think Team 99 is anything without their king.\" Roxanne looked up at him. He looked a little too happy about the whole situation. \"Does that mean he won't be able to play at all?\" she asked, worried. \"Nah. It just means they're going to be off to a rocky start. These X-games are more lenient about who plays on the team. They don't have to show up in the first rounds.\" Bradley stated. \"But enough of that. I was going to tell you about our class.\" \"That's right!\" Roxanne exclaimed, happy that they had switched subjects. \"So why are you taking this class again?\" Bradley rubbed the back of his neck, almost as if he were too embarrassed to speak. \"I flunked out. MY fault of course.\" They had made it to a small café around the corner, with cute little round tables and big white umbrellas in front of it. The place was busy, students going in and out, carrying their coffees to go. The café was small, made of wood and looked out of place next to all the red brick buildings. Roxanne spotted a couple by the window, arguing. The school year had just started and couples we already at it. \"Would you like to sit down or take it to go?\" Bradley asked, pointing at an empty table. \"Hurry, decide fast. That table isn't going to stay empty.\" She smiled and nodded, walking over to the small table and taking a seat. A light blue vase was centered in the middle of the table, with white daisies sticking out from it. The café reminded her of France, and even though she was back home in America, this campus was foreign to her. The café made her feel secure and safe. \"Good choice.\" Bradley teased, setting his bag on the floor. \"Ugh, all the books for these classes are going to kill my back.\" \"I know what you mean. This book here weighs a ton.\" She said, placing her cell book on the table. \"This Mangombe guy sure wanted us to know everything there is to know about Cell Bio.\" They both burst out laughing at her comment. She was shocked at how well they were getting along. She didn't feel shy or pressured into having a conversation with him. \"Can I take your order?\" Roxanne looked up and spotted the same waiter that she had met her first night here. He smiled, turning red. \"Tony?\" Tony gave a small laugh, taking out his notepad from his apron. \"Yep. That's me.\" \"Wow, you work here too?\" Roxanne asked. \"Yeah, I have to get through college right? What will it be?\" he asked. \"Can I have just a regular Decaf house coffee? And a strudel if you have some.\" Bradley said. \"I'm Bradley by the way.\" \"Nice to meet you Bradley, but I already know who you are.\" Tony said, grinning. \"When you flooded the stadium, part of my apartment complex flooded too. I live on the ground floor.\" Bradley looked annoyed, but Roxanne burst out laughing. \"I'm sorry. I just found that funny.\" She said quickly, feeling her face turn red. Bradley smiled and waved his hand. \"It is funny.\" Bradley said, \"But not for our friend Tony. I'm sorry about that.\" \"Haha, dude, because of you I was able to move into a more sweeter apartment complex, with no rent for a year. I owe you.\" Tony said, patting Bradley on the shoulder. \"Not a lot of people have good things to say about me now a days.\" Bradley said, his face stern despite of his smile. \"Anyways, I'm Roxanne. Nice to meet you Tony.\" She interrupted, extending her hand. Tony shook it. \"I would like café au lait if you have it.\" Tony scribbled something down on his notepad and nodded. \"Yes we do, I'll come out with your drinks soon. Nice talking to you guys.\" Roxanne couldn't help but notice Bradley's change in posture. He had crossed his arms, and the cheerful expression he had earlier was gone. He looked lost in his thoughts. She fumbled around with her hands, waiting for him to say something. \"So,\" she started, wanting to break the silence that was starting to sink in. \"Is something on your mind?\" It took a while for him to react, but when he did, she saw the spark back in his eyes, and his posture changed. He placed his hands on the table and smiled at her. \"I'm sorry, what were you saying?\" \"Uh, nevermind.\" She thought it best not to say anything. He was clearly having some sort of moment. It wasn't in her place to ask those types of questions when she had just met the guy. \"I'm sorry. I don't know what came over me.\" He said, tapping himself on the head. \"Guess I'm just tired.\" \"Classes haven't even started yet.\" She said. \"I've been practicing. I've had a lot on my plate lately.\" He said softly. He began to pick at the petals, waiting until one petal hit the table before plucking another. \"I don't know you, but I'm sure whatever it is that's stressing you out will come to pass. It always does.\" She said, feeling sorry for him. \"You know you're the first person that I've actually had a decent conversation with in months?\" he told her, looking around. \"This campus is full of so many people, yet they make you feel so empty.\" She had to agree with him. Everything he had just said was exactly how she felt. It was partially her fault, because she wasn't social to begin with, but at the same time people already had their group of friends made here. Friendships that started freshmen year were only stronger now in their senior year. Stacey was all she had. Maybe that party Stacey wanted to throw wasn't such a bad idea. \"I feel that same way. So does my best friend, Stacey. You know, she was thinking of having a party to get to know some people, at first I thought it wasn't such a good idea, but now I think I wouldn't mind meeting new people. You should come.\" She said. \"That's a brilliant idea. I'm in,\" he said. \"Like a homecoming party.\" \"Exactly.\" She said, excited. \"Here are your drinks.\" Tony set down their order, careful not to spill any on the table. \"Tony, Roxy and I are having a party soon. Keep your ears open for the invitation alright my man?\" Bradley said, taking a sip of his coffee. \"Woah, you serious?\" Tony asked. Bradley nodded. \"Yeah sure. I'm down.\" \"Wow, I can't believe we're going to make this happen.\" Roxanne said, blushing. If only Stacey were here, she would be jumping up with joy.[Chapter 13] Max hated his wheelchair. He groaned, having to sit in front of the class, right by the teacher. Professor Kreutzer smiled at him, behind her thick silver frames. He placed his head down, sighing. People had all been very nice to him, asking him if he was all right, but it hurt him to answer the question about the X-Games, having to tell him he wouldn't be competing in the first round. He spotted PJ and Bobby sitting in the front row, giving him thumbs up. Great, I look like such a looser, he thought, raising his head. Both his left arm and legs were in a cast, dozens of signatures covering each side. He had hoped Roxanne would appear again, but she didn't. He didn't blame her. He wouldn't want to see himself either after having to deal with Jasmine. He hadn't told his friends about seeing Roxanne, nor had Jasmine brought her up either. He didn't know why. Did he want to keep her secret? Was he afraid that they were going to tell him he had been dreaming? To make everything better, his dad was living near school now, stopping by everyday to make sure he was okay. It was annoying. He didn't need his dad's help. Nor did he want it. This was supposed to be his senior year! He was supposed to be having a blast. Not crippled. \"Okay, let's get started.\" The old woman said, standing up from behind her desk. \"Please open your textbooks to page 32 and we will start with 'What is a Cell?'\" Max had his textbook already opened, and he reluctantly moved to page 32. This was going to be a long class. \"We'll start the lecture by introducing ourselves. I don't know many of you, and others I know because it's not your first time in my class.\" Said Professor Kreutzer with a chuckle. Half of the class groaned, Max included. \"Oh, we have stragglers!\" Max looked toward the door and his jaw dropped. Roxanne stood there, her thick red hair falling in large waves down her sides. Her arms were hugging her textbook tightly, her toned legs extenuated by the faded high waist blue jeans she was wearing. Her cheeks were pink, her eyes watching the professor. She moved her bang away from her face, and he heard the rest of the class gasp. He turned to look at them and all the guys were gawking at her, Bobby and PJ included. He looked back at Roxanne and shook his head. Bradley was with her. \"Sorry, Professor K.\" he said, bowing. Roxanne smiled shyly. \"No worries, Bradley! We were just starting. I was saying let's introduce ourselves. We'll start with you guys since you guys were late.\" Professor Kreutzer said excitedly. \"If you must,\" Bradley said, bored. He turned to face the class. \"I don't think an introduction is needed for me.\" Roxanne chuckled and bit her lip. Max frowned. What was she doing with Bradley? \"Bradley,\" Professor Kreutzer said stern fully, still holding her smile. \"I am Bradley Uppercrust the Third.\" He said and looked down at Roxanne. \"I'm Roxanne.\" She said softly, and her eyes landed on Max and her smile faded. He felt his heart jump against his chest. She stood there watching him, her whole face turning red. He watched her as Bradley placed a hand behind her back and led her up the stairs, to some empty seats in the back. She said something to Bradley, and he nodded. She gave Max one last look and then went to looking at the teacher. \"Ahem, young man. And you are?\" the professor asked him, standing next to his desk. When had she moved there? \"Uh,\" he couldn't think straight. Roxanne. \"What?\" \"Your name?\" Professor Kreutzer asked him. His mind was still blanking. Roxanne. Roxanne. He closed his eyes and shook the thought out of his head. \"Um, can you say that again?\" He heard giggles coming from the class. He turned to look and PJ and Bobby were laughing behind their binders. \"Your name? What is your name?\" asked Professor Kreutzer, her hands on her hips. She was frowning. \"Oh! It's Max Goof.\" He said quickly, feeling his face go hot. He must look so stupid to her right now. The teacher shook her head and continued to move to the rest of the class. The rest of the class went by like a breeze. He heard not one word of the lecture, his mind focusing on keeping him distracted so that he wouldn't look over in Roxanne's direction. He was mad that she was with Bradley. Why hadn't she tried to contact him? At the end of class, he threw his books into his already opened backpack and watched as Roxanne approached him. He saw Bobby and PJ stand by, scared to get any closer. Bradley was watching, curious. \"Hi, Max.\" she said \"Hey, you.\" He said, feeling lame. Why did he have to be in a cast? \"I see you're out of the hospital. Sorry I couldn't come by again-\" \"Again?\" he heard Bobby say \"She said again.\" PJ pointed out. With his good hand, Max hid his face, obviously caught. How was he going to explain to the guys that he had kept Roxanne a secret from them? \"PJ, Bobby! How are you guys?\" she asked, turning to look at them. The guys stood there, awkwardly, mumbling who knew what. \"It's okay Roxanne. I figured you were busy. \" Max interrupted, trying his best to look calm. \"Are you okay?\" she asked. \"I know how hard it is to be in a cast. I was in one my sophomore year. Broke my wrist. The worst.\" She said, smiling. He chuckled, and heard the dreaded laugh come out. Ahyuck! He covered his mouth with his good hand and she giggled. He hadn't laughed like that in years. \"Roxanne, we have to head on to our next class.\" Bradley walked next to her and smirked down at him. \"Where did you get that laugh at Goof?\" he joked, making Max turn red. \"You're right. Let's go.\" Roxanne said to Bradley, turning to leave. \"It was nice seeing you again, Max.\" He didn't say anything but frowned as Bradley waved at him, obviously taunting him. PJ and Bobby walked up to him, PJ picking up his book bag. He felt Bobby smack him on the back of his head. \"Damn it Bobby, what was that for?\" he asked, feeling the sting. He pushed his wheelchair back, getting ready to leave. \"Again?\" he asked, following him out of the classroom. \"Yeah, Max. She said again. Did you see her and not tell us?\" Bobby asked as they walked out into the hallway. Max looked around for Roxanne but couldn't find her. \"This is trouble.\" Bobby said, shaking his head. \"Bro, what will Jasmine say when she finds out your Ex is here?\" \"She's already met Roxanne.\" Max said annoyed. Everyone was staring at him and his wheelchair. His hand was getting tired of pushing himself around. \"What?!\" Bobby exclaimed, grabbing the back of his wheelchair and pushing Max along. He lowered his voice \"Dude, what do you mean?\" \"I didn't tell her she was my ex.\" Max said. \"Shhh guys she's coming!\" Jasmine walked down the hall, looking good in her tight green dress, her short hair waving behind her. She was wearing the pearl earrings Max had gotten her. She smiled when she spotted him. \"Baby! How was class?\" she asked him, and kissed him on the mouth. He felt his mood lift a little. \"It was, you know, boring.\" He said, shrugging his shoulders. He kissed her again, slowly feeling his anger lift. \"Ahem, Max. I think we should move out of the way,\" he heard PJ say. He looked up and saw Roxanne walk past him, making no eye contact whatsoever. Jasmine didn't notice anything and planted another kiss on his forehead before moving out of the way. Bobby began to push Max's wheel chair, the trio silent. \"So, what do you guys want to do for dinner? You guys are done with classes for today right?\" asked Jasmine. \"I'm going over to Mocha's. She's cooking pasta.\" PJ said, looking uncomfortable. \"With cheese?\" asked Bobby excitedly. \"That sounds yummy. Want to go Baby?\" Jasmine asked Max. \"I don't think it's an open invitation.\" Mocha appeared from behind Bobby. He lit up when he saw her. \"Hey, Bobby.\" Jasmine rolled her eyes. \"You're so mean.\" Mocha grinned. \"You still owe me for ruining my best shirt with your vomit.\" The guys burst out laughing, Max looking over his shoulder. He couldn't see anything with Bobby in the way. He sighed.[Chapter 14] \"You can't be serious?\" Stacey asked her, as Roxanne helped Stacey curl her hair. \"Bradley Uppercrust the Third?\" \"Yep,\" she responded, holding a pin between her teeth. \"And he wants to throw a party with us?\" she asked, clapping her hands together. \"Oh this should be fun! Finally some interaction with the rest of the student body.\" Roxanne took the pin and placed it neatly on Stacey's side. They were going out to dinner at the Gamma house, and Bradley had insisted on bringing Stacey. \"There, all done.\" Stacey stood up and examined herself in the round bathroom mirror. She smiled, bouncing her curls with her left hand. \"I love it!\" \"I saw Max today too. He's in my Cell Bio class.\" Roxanne said softly, putting the curling iron away. \"He's looking better.\" \"Oh my gosh, did you talk to him?\" Roxanne nodded, reaching for the mascara tube on top of the sink. \"It wasn't long. I just asked how he was.\" Stacey began to dab blusher on her cheeks, giving her face an extra pop of pink. \"Well, with that crazy girlfriend of his, there's not much you can do.\" \"Not that I wish to do anything.\" Roxanne reminded her, feeling a sharp jolt in her chest. Did she really not want to be with Max? She brushed on her mascara, seeing her eyelashes extend. \"Well, I will admit, I do want to talk to Robert. I miss him.\" Stacey said with a heavy sigh. Roxanne giggled. Bradley's car pulled up to the front of their house, his mouth hanging open as he realized what house they were at. \"She lives in front of team 99's frat?\" his teammate Donavan asked, who was sitting in the back seat. \"Obviously. This is going to be interesting. We're going to throw a party right in front of their noses. Oh this is going to be good.\" Bradley exclaimed, honking his horn. \"Yo, dude, isn't that Bradley's car?\" Bobby asked, peeking through the blinds. Max rolled over to the window, shutting the lights off. \"Yeah, it is.\" He said, confused. \"Why would he be outside?\" \"Do you think he's coming to our house?\" Bobby's glasses slid off his face. He quickly grabbed them, setting them back on. \"Who knows, it's so dark it's hard to see anything.\" Max said, squinting his eyes. \"But I think they're picking somebody up. They aren't on our side of the street.\" \"I wonder who- wait, I think I see two people walking towards the car- I can't make them out.\" Bobby said, pointing. \"See, right there!\" Max tried to focus his attention but all he could see were two dark figures getting into the car. Then they were off. Max sighed. \"That's strange, dude.\" Bobby said, still looking outside. Max turned on the lamp, lighting the living room again. PJ was out; having dinner at Mocha's, and Bobby had decided to stay with Max for the evening, knowing that Max wouldn't be too happy spending it alone with Jasmine. \"That is. I wonder who lives in front of- OH MY GOD.\" Max snapped his neck around to stare at the house again. A flashback to the day of the party ran through his mind, remembering the girl's voice he had heard and how strangely familiar it had sounded. \"I think I know who might be living in that house.\" Bobby shifted his attention to him, letting the blinds close behind him. \"I think it's Roxanne's house. I'm sure of it.\" He whispered, knowing all too well Jasmine was in the house. Bobby gasped. \"You really think it's her?\" he asked softly. Max nodded. He was sure. \"We need to find out.\" \"What are you trying to say?\" Bobby asked, smiling. \"We need to break into that house.\" Max said. Bobby jumped out of the sofa, his fist in the air. \"All RIGHT!\" he sang, breaking out into a little dance. \"Hush! Bobby HUSH!\" Max pleaded, scared Jasmine was going to overhear. Bobby froze. \"Obviously, I can't go. But we have a camera, and I can plug it in to our television. I can stay here and keep a look out.\" He said, the plan forming in his head. \"What about Jasmine?\" Bobby asked, pointing upstairs. \"She's not going to be in the shower forever, bro.\" Jasmine was a problem. \"The food is great, thanks for inviting us.\" Stacey said, sipping on a glass of wine. Roxanne smiled, watching as Bradley nodded politely. \"My pleasure. I'm glad to have bumped into Roxanne when I did.\" Bradley said, pouring himself more of the white wine. \"I would call it fate, if I believed in that stuff.\" \"You don't believe in fate?\" Roxanne asked, surprised. Bradley took a sip of his wine and shook his head. \"Not really. I believe we all make our own destiny. Fate, if it were real, hasn't done much for me at all.\" He said, not looking at anyone in particular. \"What do you mean, if you don't mind me asking?\" Roxanne was curious. Bradley didn't say anything for a while, making the room feel uneasy. She glanced over at Stacey who just shrugged, unaware of what to say. \"There was a girl, a girl I fancied, back my sophomore year here. I thought she liked me, for me, and well that wasn't the case at all you see. Before that though, she kept insisting it was fate that brought us together. Always insisting on fate,\" he stopped, swirling his index finger on the rim of his glass. \"Well, that ended quickly.\" \"I'm sorry to hear that.\" Stacey said softly. Roxanne didn't know what to say. \"It's fine. I guess you can say I'm over her now.\" Bradley took another sip of his wine. \"What about you two? Any men in your lives?\" Roxanne and Stacey both shifted uncomfortably in their seats. She stared down at her plate, not knowing what to say. Should she tell him the truth about her and Max? She wanted to be friends with Bradley. He looked like a sincere man. Before she could open her mouth, Stacey spoke first. \"There was this guy in my life, I loved him dearly, but that was all in the past you see. I don't like to bring up the past.\" She said, her face stern. \"Fair enough.\" Bradley said, posing his attention to Roxanne. \"And you?\" \"Um,\" she found herself twirling her hair, a sign that she was uncomfortable. \"Remember how I told you I was friends with Max and his gang before college even started?\" Bradley nodded. She looked at Stacey, whose eyes had enlarged, clearly attentive at what Roxanne was going to say next. Roxanne took a deep breath and continued. \"I used to date Max.\" she said quickly, looking down at her plate. She felt her shoulders loosen up. \"You're kidding right?!\" Bradley exclaimed, slamming his fist down on the table. \"Maxamillian Goof was your boyfriend? I can't believe it.\" Roxanne chuckled nervously, her finger tangled between a good portion of her dark red hair. \"I don't think it's that funny.\" Stacey said, annoyed. \"I-I'm sorry,\" Bradley said, collecting himself. \"I just would not have guessed it.\" He suddenly went quiet, which made her look up at him. He was staring at his glass now, lost in thought. \"Now that I think about it, it's not too surprising.\" \"What do you mean?\" Roxanne asked. \"Let's change the topic,\" Stacey interrupted. \"No, I want to know what you mean, Bradley.\" Roxanne said, her stomach turning. Something was telling her that what he was about to say wasn't going to sit well with her. \"You look like Jasmine. Jasmine is my ex- girlfriend.\" He said, looking up at her.[Chapter 15] Hey my readers! Sorry this isn't another chapter, but best believe I am working hard on it! I have summer classes and they consume all my time! But I find the time to write in my journal during lectures so I have many ideas for whats going to happen next. I'm happy to tell you that I'm turning this into a web comic, it will be found on my tumblr- under the name lovelyfairy18 so google that! this thing won't let me post links on here. It's also on silviabeatrizflores . wordpress . com ( I wrote it like that because it won't let me write links.. so just type all that into the browser without any spaces and it should take you there. Sneak Previews are available on my instagram lovelyfairy18 so follow! I post there first before my blogs. :) It's not something fancy, just something for fun! Visuals to accompany the story. I'll do my best with the drawing abilities I do have. So please follow to stay updated on that! The comic will be following this story btw. It'll take longer for me to take out pages because I have to color and Draw the scenes, but let me know what you think! I love reading your comments. So I hope you all can enjoy my comic as much as you enjoy my story! ps- I WILL CONTINUE TO WRITE FOR MY STORY HERE ON FANFICTION. I will not stop adding chapters :) Stay tuned for Chapter 16 soon. I will always update my fan fiction stories ! xoxoxo, Silvia[Chapter 16] AHH! Im excited to tell you all that I have put the comic up officially with its own website - ugh i hate that this won't let me put a link.. so hopefully i can either put it in my bio or i'll just end up commenting it on the story itself. I have also provided a link on my tumblr page, under the name lovelyfairy18 that will take you directly there. Let me know what you guys think of the comic! Sorry for yet ANOTHER UPDATE! Promise this will be the last one! Now I'm going back to finishing the next chapter. You guys are welcomed to let me know on the comments section what you think- I've worked really hard on it. xoxo, Silvia Flores[Chapter 17] \"Max, Max dude can you hear me?\" Bobby's voice came through the walkie-talkie. Max flipped through his television, finding the right channel. He spotted Bobby's shoes on the screen and sighed. \"Yeah, I was just checking the camera. Everything's good on this side. Over.\" Max replied, holding the walkie-talkie near his mouth. They had sent Jasmine over to pick up a pizza they had ordered. Max figured they had at least a half an hour before she would be back. He knew his plan was crazy, but for some reason, he didn't care. \"The back door is open.\" Bobby said, and Max saw him extend a gloved hand towards the glass door and opened it, making a soft clicking sound. \"Okay, great. Make sure you leave no mark that you were there.\" Max said, his nose almost touching the television screen. His heart was pounding fast. Did he want it to be Roxanne's house? Was it going to make him feel better that they were in fact, hanging out with Bradley tonight? \"It smells in here.\" Bobby said, the camera pointed towards the door. \"Bobby, focus! I don't want to see your shoes.\" Max said. \"Oh, sorry.\" Bobby focused the camera around the room and Max could see that he was standing in their kitchen. \"It smells like perfume.\" \"Well, that just proves it's a girls house.\" Max said, his eyes focused on the screen. He hated that he was trapped in the stupid wheelchair. \"I see pictures on the fridge.\" Bobby said, pointing the camera on a large black fridge, with colorful pictures and words splattered all over it. Max held his breath as Bobby got closer, the pictures focusing. \"Wow, there's this hot blond girl on the- OH MY GOSH!\" Max jumped back, seeing Bobby fall back onto the floor, the camera landing at an awkward angle. He saw Bobby struggling to get up, his legs kicking all over the place. \"Bobby, what's wrong!\" he yelled into the walkie-talkie, his nerves on the edge. \"What happened?\" He saw Bobby pick up the camera, and now everything was shaking. Obviously Bobby couldn't keep the camera steady. \"Dude, when was she blond? \" Bobby said, focusing the camera on the blond girl in the picture. Max was able to make out the round glasses and curvy figure. He gasped, recognizing the girl as Stacey. \"Wow,\" he said, laughing into the walkie-talkie. \"That's Stacey.\" \"This is not funny! This is my Stacey! She was so innocent- so pure- what is this blond nonsense?\" Bobby said, and Max saw him focusing the camera on the other pictures on the fridge. Blond Stacey stood next to a red headed Roxanne, both wearing bathing suits and standing in the water of a clear blue beach. He felt a lump in his throat. So Roxanne does live there… KNOCK KNOCK. Max looked over at the door and to his alarm saw it open and in walked his dad and Sylvia, followed in by no other than Jasmine. He quickly threw the walkie- talkie behind the sofa and turned the television off. \"Maxie!\" his dad ran up to him and hugged him, almost suffocating him. Jasmine took a seat on the sofa. \"Sorry, babe, but I ran into your parents. They insisted on coming over and not buying pizza.\" She said, looking un-amused. \"Daaaaad,\" he groaned, annoyed. \"I'm fine, I wanted pizza.\" \"Nonsense, Max. You are ill- you can't be eating pizza.\" His dad said, hands on his hips. \"I am not ill, dad. My stomach works just fine.\" He said, his eyes looking over at the window. He could see a car pull up in front of Roxanne's house. He saw two figures get out of the car and make their way up the front door. OH MY GOD! BOBBY'S STILL IN THERE! His eyes got wide, panic running all over his body. What were they going to do now? Bobby was sure to get caught. He had no way to warn him. \"I'm making dinner and that's final young man.\" Goofy said, walking out of the living room, tripping over the coffee table. The remote that was sitting there went flying, hitting the window, causing the glass to shatter. Max smacked his face, irritated. \"Sorry,\" Goofy said, on the floor. Sylvia ran up to him, helping him up. \"You okay?\" she asked, grabbing him by the elbow. Goofy nodded. \"I can fix that, Maxie.\" He said, his face red. \"Can ALL YOU JUST LEAVE ME ALONE?!\" Max yelled, the anger boiling up inside him. \"Is everything okay here?\" He looked at the open door and saw Stacey standing there, Roxanne next to her. Stacey had her hair down, wearing a black short dress, while Roxanne wore a white one, a flower in her hair. \"We heard a crash and we came to see if everything was okay,\" Stacey said, looking at him. He made his way toward them, embarrassed. \"Yeah, just you know, my dad.\" He saw Roxanne smile, that smile she used to give him whenever his dad had done something stupid. He smiled back, feeling his heart jump. What was going on? \"Roxy!\" Goofy exclaimed, running towards her, his arms extended. Before Roxanne could react he grabbed her, giving her his famous Goofy hug. She hugged him, her face turning the shade of her hair. \"You're here!\" \"Yeah, Mr. Goof. Long time.\" She said calmly. She grabbed a piece of her hair and set it behind her ear. \"It's nice to see you.\" \"Same here! Meet my wife, Sylvia.\" He said excitedly, pointing at Sylvia. Sylvia waved, a small smile on her face. \"Sylvia this is the girl I was telling you about, remember? The girl Max was crazy over!\" Max's eyes got large as the words escaped his dad's mouth. Now he just wanted to go climb under a rock and never come out. Sylvia laughed as did the girls. All except Jasmine. \"Thanks for coming, now that you see we're okay, you can go.\" Jasmine said, standing up. Max had forgotten she was there. \"Nonsense!\" Goofy interrupted. \"I was going to make dinner!\" Jasmine frowned, crossing her arms. Stacey smirked. \"STACEY!\" Bobby walked in through the door, almost running into her. Stacey turned around, and her face lit up. \"Robert!\" she exclaimed, throwing her hands around him. \"You're a brunette again!\" he said, letting go. \"Huh?\" Stacey asked, confused. Max gave Bobby a look. \"Uh- um. Nevermind.\" He said, hiding the camera behind his back. \"Well, what do you guys say?\" Goofy asked, a hand on Roxanne's shoulder. \"Will you stay for dinner?\" \"Sorry, Mr. Goof, but we already had dinner.\" Roxanne said, her eyes meeting Max's. \"Maybe another time?\" Goofy groaned, but nodded. \"I understand! I'm holding you to your promise.\" Roxanne smiled. \"Well, you guys have a great night! We're glad you're okay.\" Stacey said, waving. \"Is it okay if I escort you, madam?\" Bobby asked, bowing. Max shook his head, smiling. \"Uh, Okay,\" Stacey said, caught off guard. Roxanne giggled. \"Bye, Roxanne.\" Max said quickly, not wanting her to leave. Roxanne looked at him and waved, disappearing into the night.[Chapter 18] Sylvia watched as Goofy walked out the house, his shoulders slumped. She closed the door quickly, trying to tune out the young adults who had begun to fight. She shook her head and grabbed her husband's hand. \"Why can't I get along with my son, Sylvia?\" he asked, his eyes hooded. She was surprised when he fell to the floor, taking her with him. \"I'm a bad father.\" In other circumstances she would have yelled at him, but this wasn't the time. She picked up her glasses that had fallen a few inches away from her and sat up on her knees, patting Goofy's back. He was lying on his belly, his face facing the side of the house. \"Honey, it was not your fault.\" She said, \"You did nothing wrong.\" \"You heard Jasmine, Sylvia. She was upset at Max for talking to Roxanne.\" Goofy said softly. \"I shouldn't have invited her to dinner. Or said what I did. Now they're fighting and it's all my fault.\" Sylvia sighed and looked up into the house where she could hear Jasmine's voice through the window. It was muffled but she could make out what she was probably saying. \"Maybe you opened Max's eyes. Right now he's upset.\" Goofy turned around to look at her. \"What do you mean? Didn't you see how he yelled at me to leave?\" \"Yes, after Jasmine turned on him at the dinner table.\" Sylvia said, planting a kiss on his forehead. \"And I think, and correct me if you disagree, but I think Max might be leaning towards his ex-girlfriend right now.\" Goofy sat up, his eyed wide. \"Are you saying he doesn't like Jasmine anymore?\" Goofy's eyes began to water and Sylvia grabbed him in her arms, his face hidden in her bosom. \"It's all my fault! Jasmine is going to hate me now.\" \"Goofy, that's not it. Let Max cool down, obviously she isn't in her right mind either. She jealous. Who wouldn't be? Roxanne is beautiful.\" She said. \"Let's get moving, okay?\" She stood up and Goofy nodded, stumbling as he got up. He took another look at the house before following Sylvia back into the car. They drove in silence, Sylvia's thoughts working aimlessly as she turned into the street they were staying. She honestly didn't like Jasmine, remembering her from when she used to work at the library. She was a year older than Max, and had dated Bradley Uppercrust the Third, but she dared not mention it to her new family. Max had seemed happy with Jasmine, and she thought that if her stepson was happy, then so be it. Who was she to get involved? But that night she had seen something in Max that she hadn't before. He looked like a young love stricken boy. It was so strange to see him like that. He always seemed cool, calm and collective. At that moment, all that was gone. Max had reminded her of Goofy. \"Goofy, are you okay?\" she asked, pulling the car up to the parking lot. Goofy was staring out of the window. \"Huh?\" he sat up straighter, alarmed. \"Sorry, I didn't hear you.\" She parked the car and took the keys out. She placed it in her purse and turned to look at him. He gave her a small smile. \"I'm sorry Sylvia. I can't stop thinking about Maxie. I worry about him a lot.\" Goofy said, unbuckling his seat belt. \"I wish I can help him, but we never seem to get along anymore.\" \"He is an adult now, and trust me. He'll understand everything you did for him when he becomes a father. I think he's stressed and not over you. He has all these things to worry about, his leg, the X-games, his girlfriend, school and not to mention Roxanne now. That's a lot for someone to take in.\" \"I guess you're right.\" Goofy said. \"It still doesn't make me feel better.\" \"A nice bath should relax you, c'mon.\" she said. Sylvia waited until Goofy was in the bath to run over to the phone. She locked the bedroom door and dialed Max's number. At the last ring, PJ picked up. \"Hello?\" \"Hey, PJ, it's Sylvia.\" She said, looking over at the door. The room they were staying at was small, with one bedroom, one bathroom and the kitchen right next to the living room. She sat on the edge of the hard bed, twirling the phone cord between her fingers. \"Is Max there?\" \"Yes, let me get him.\" PJ responded and she heard him yell out his name in the background. A few moments later she heard his disgruntled voice over the phone. \"Hello?\" \"Hi, Max. Sorry to bother you. Is everything better?\" she asked, hoping Goofy wasn't done with his bath. He was one of those people that were quick to shower. She heard Max sigh on the other end. \"Yeah, now that she's gone. Look Sylvia- I know I shouldn't have yelled at my dad the way I did, but I'm frustrated right now. He only made things worse.\" \"I'm calling because he's very upset, Max. I know I have no right to say this- but I was raised differently. I was taught to respect my parents, even if I got upset with them. Never once did I talk back to them the way you talk back to your father.\" She sad, hoping he wouldn't take what she had to say wrong. \"Okay. But I wasn't raised in that manner.\" Max said. \"I didn't mean to offend him.\" \"I would like it if you would apologize to him, I don't like to see him down. He blames himself for the fight you and Jasmine go into-\" \"Well it is! If he wouldn't have brought up Roxanne like that, Jasmine wouldn't have been upset.\" Max said forcefully. \"And it's his fault that you might have feelings for your ex again?\" she said, knowing she had hit a point. She heard Max gasp and then silence. \"That's not Goofy's fault. Even if Goofy had kept his mouth shut, she would have still fought with you. I could tell how you lit up when you saw her walk in that door. That had nothing to do with Goofy.\" \"Sylvia? Sylvia, you in there? The door seems to be locked.\" Goofy yelled. She looked up and saw the door handle rocking on her end. She bit her lip. He couldn't find her talking to Max. \"Uh, Yeah! Hold on!\" she yelled back at him. She grasped the phone with both hands. \"Look, Max. I got to go. Don't tell your dad I called you. But I insist you call him and speak to him. Bye.\" She quickly hung up and kicked off her shoes. She grabbed the plain white shirt she had left hanging on her bed post and quickly threw it on, throwing the one she was previously wearing into the corner. \"Sylvia?\" \"Coming!\" she yelled, running over to the door. She unlocked it and Goofy stood there in his white bathrobe. \"Sorry, honey. I was changing.\" \"It's okay. And I feel a little bit better, the bath helped.\" He said, walking past her. The phone rang at that moment and she watched as goofy went over and picked it up. \"Maxie?\" he said and looked up at Sylvia and smiled. Sylvia smiled back, happy that Max had decided to call after all. She wasn't sure that he would, but now she felt better. She walked out of the room, giving him privacy. Hey Guys! So my Goofy Comic is coming out well, I have been uploading page by page.. i don't know if you guys would prefer for me to wait until a whole chapter is finished but that will take a long time since drawing it and coloring takes a long time. Please let me know in the comments what you think. Chapter one is done for the comic and the first page of chapter two is up as well. The link is on my bio section on my profile. Feedback would be greatly appreciated ! If I don't get any, I'll just keep posting page by page a day on the comic. So please check it out so you don't miss anything! xoxo, Silvia[Chapter 19] Bradley heard a knock on his door. He turned over and looked at his clock, which read 3:38am. He groaned, annoyed. Who could be calling for him at this hour? \"Sorry, boss. There's someone at the door that wants to see you.\" Jonny said, as Bradley looked down at him. \"Who in the world would come looking for me at this time?\" he said, making his way down the hall. The rest of the Gammas were still asleep, unaware that anything was going on. He was ready to yell at whoever had dared bother to wake him up at this time of night. Jonny opened the door and in stepped a short redhead, her face red. She was wearing jeans and a cropped top, revealing her firm stomach underneath. \"Jasmine?\" he said puzzled. She smiled weakly at him. \"I'm sorry to bother you, I know you don't like to be bothered at this time of night.\" She said. \"I just don't know who to turn to. My friends don't pick up, and I don't blame them. They should be sleeping right now.\" \"And I wasn't?\" he asked, annoyed. He felt his heart thump against his chest, reminding him of his feelings for her. \"What do you want?\" \"I know you've been seeing that new girl- and I just wanted to know what you think of her… \" she said, as if she expected him to say anything to her. \"Max and I got into a fight and-\" \"What makes you think I want to deal with you right now? I don't owe you any favors, nor am I your friend for you to ask anything of me. Now get out and don't bother me again.\" He stated, hating how bad he felt for kicking her out. Some part of him, in fact, wanted to help her out. But she had hurt him a great deal and for that he wasn't forgiving. She didn't take mercy on him so why should he bother? \"But Brad,\" she pleaded, going up to him, her green eyes piercing at him through the darkness. He hesitated for a moment and then snapped his fingers, alerting Jonny. \"Get her out of my sight. And next time don't let her in the house.\" He said, frowning. He was caught off guard when she threw herself at him, her hands wrapping around his torso. \"Brad, please. I need someone right now.\" She begged. He looked over at Jonny who was confused as to what to do next. Bradley wanted to push her off, yell at her for touching him, but he didn't. He took a deep breath and grabbed her wrists, pushing her off gently. She looked up at him, tears in her eyes. \"I don't want to lose Max! I need to know if she's planning something to get him back!\" Jasmine yelled. If she were a dude, he would have slapped her. \"Look at you. You look so pathetic. I'm done. Get out of my house.\" He said, turning to leave. He closed his eyes as he went up the stairs, the scene replaying in his head. \"Brad, we need to talk.\" He looked at her, frowning, pissed at her. He struggled to move to his side, the hospital bed making it difficult for him to get comfortable. He had been there for a month now, and this was the first time she came to see him. She took a seat near his bed, crossing her newly tanned legs. He noticed she had dark red lipstick on and a new necklace that he had never seen her wear before. \"Why haven't you come to see me?\" he asked, folding his arm under his pillow. The doctor had said he had broken his collarbone and torn his leg muscle after the incident with the X-Games. Tank hand thrown him into a blimp, which, thankfully, had landed on a wheat field nearby. It was best for him to stay in the hospital until he had fully recovered. Another part of him didn't want to leave and face the crowd that waited for him outside. \"I've been busy.\" She said, clearly hiding something. \"Doing what? I was injured Jasmine and you act like it's nothing!\" he said firmly. \"We need to talk. I came here to tell you that I want to end things… I don't want to be with you anymore.\" She said quickly, as if that was going to make it better. \"We just don't work out.\" Bradley looked at her, surprised. He wasn't expecting this. He laughed, and held out his hand. \"You can't be serious, Jasmine. We've been together since last year!\" She rolled her eyes and stood up. \"It's your fault. You're a laughing stock now. Maybe if you wouldn't have throw away the X-Games we'd still be together. I can't be seen with you.\" His mouth hung open, shocked at her words. They stung, and he heard his heart rate on the machine near him speed up. Beep… Beep… Beep \" What are you talking about? That's all that matters to you? What about my feelings? Your feelings?\" he asked, seeing his world crumble. This was the last thing he needed. He couldn't lose Jasmine too. He had lost his title to the Goof kid. He had lost his right hand man. He had lost his pride. \"My feelings have changed. I've met someone new,\" she said softly, looking down at the floor. For a second she looked like she was pondering something, and Bradley hoped she was reconsidering her words. When she looked back up to him with her large green eyes, he knew. It was over. . . \"No, Jasmine, you can't do this.\" He said, shaking his head. He threw his head back keeping the tears in place. \"Sorry. That's all I came to say. Good luck, Brad.\" She turned to leave and he managed to get out of bed, tearing the IV out of his arm. He fell to the floor, his head dizzy. \"WHO? WHO DID YOU MEET?\" he managed to yell, looking up at her, his vision getting blurry. She gave him a small chuckle. \"Max Goof.\" Was all she said, walking out of the room. He reached his room, not tired at all. He walked over to his window and saw Jasmine walking away from his house. He watched her until he couldn't see her anymore and banged his fist against the window, causing a crack. He didn't feel the cut that was now there, blood trickling down his wrist. \"This is all your fault, Max. You will pay for everything you've done. And so will you, my dear Jasmine. Watch... You guys will regret everything you've done to me. I'll take everything you wanted Max, and as for you Jasmine, you'll wish you never crossed me.\" He laughed, hitting the window again. He hadn't remembered falling asleep, but apparently he had. He got up, his arm sore. The cuts had closed, but were purple now, and oozing. \"Dammit,\" he got up and walked over to his bathroom, deciding it was best to clean it with some water as he showered. The water stung, causing the cuts to open again. He began bleeding and noticed little shards of glass stuck in between his skin. He'd have to go to the hospital and get it stitched up. He quickly got washed up, dressed and was out the door before the hour was over. Don, was waiting for him by the door, ready to drive him to school. The rest of the Gammas were outside, riding their skateboards down the street. \"Looks like I'll have to go to the hospital, Don.\" He told him, showing him his arm. \"What did you do, boss?\" he asked alarmed. \"I got angry. Have someone come and fix my window, okay? Tell Jonny to call house services.\" He said, placing his sunglasses on. Don nodded and held the door open for him. Bradley walked out, and noticed a moving truck across the street, at the old sorority house. It had been empty for a few years now, no one wanting to occupy it after it was rumored to be haunted. He lowered his glasses, trying to get a better look. Could it be girls that were moving in? He walked toward his car, trying not to look like a creeper. Don followed him and he shooed him away, not wanting to make it obvious. He spotted the movers lowering what seemed like a dresser… followed by a bike. He became more curious now. He walked across the street, trying to look natural. He bumped into a runner and she shoved him, angrily. He ignored her, hiding behind a tree. He saw another bike, and two more were taken out of the truck. They looked like mountain bikes, all purple and black with the words μεγάλος written on it. A boy came out of the house with curly black hair falling over his eyes. He had a strong physique, about his height, wearing a purple shirt with the same word μεγάλος written on it. Something in Bradley's mind was telling him he had seen this word before, but he couldn't put his finger on it. \"Βοήθησέ με να πάρει τα ποδήλατα μέσα στο σπίτι\" the guy said, confusing Bradley. He saw two more guys come out of the house and they went over to the bikes, grabbing them and taking them inside the house. The boy smiled, and grabbed the only bike with the gold chain and took it in. Bradley felt something wet trickle down his arm and he saw that his cuts were bleeding again, the blood falling onto the palm of his hand. He ran back towards his car and got in, Don already in the driver seat. \"What did you see, boss?\" he asked, starting the car. Bradley looked back and saw that they were carrying skateboards this time. \"I think they ride.\" He said, seeing the same words on the skateboard. \"Oh my gosh!\" Don said, startling Bradley. \"What?\" he yelled \"Let's get moving! I might die from blood loss.\" \"Yes sir,\" Don said, taking the car out. \"It's just I know them! They're the Megalos!\" Bradley jumped up from his seat, lowering his window. That's why the word had looked so familiar to him. Megalos was Greek for Great, which these guys were. \"Why would they be here, though? They're the kings of the European X-Games. It makes no sense.\" He said, sitting back as they left their street. He grasped his hand in pain, the cuts oozing pus. \"Drive faster Don, I can't stand this arm anymore.\" \"Don't get your arm wet, that includes sweat, Mr. Uppercrust.\" The doctor said as he wrote something down. \"What do you mean? How long will I have this hand wrapped?\" he asked, scared of what the doctor was going to say. \"Those cuts aren't deep, but they are infected. You should have come to the hospital as soon as you got injured. You're going to be on antibiotics for at least a month. We don't want you getting a serious bacterial infection.\" He said, handing him a bottle full of little blue pills. \"Take these three times a day. Do not forget. We can't have the bacteria becoming resistant, now can we?\" \"Uh, Doc, I think you forgot who I am… I am Bradley Uppercrust the Third. Leader of the Gammas. We have an event next week. I have to participate.\" He said. \"I'm sorry, Bradley but your health comes first-\" \"It doesn't hurt to use it though-\" The doctor stood up and shook his head. \"You can't get your cuts wet. That's all I have to say.\" Bradley shook his head. \"Don't worry, I won't- I have to do this.\" The doctor sighed and handed Bradley a slip. He took it, stuffing it into his pocket. \"That's for the pharmacy. Give it to them. It's a special soap to clean out your wounds. Get it soon. All right?\" the doctor said. \"Well, that's about it. Be more careful now, and next time don't wait too long to seek help.\" Bradley nodded and walked out of the room, frustrated. How much more could go wrong? \"Hey, watch it.\" He said, angrily as a girl bumped into him. She dropped the folders she was carrying and frowned at him. \"Is that how you treat a lady?\" she said wit a British accent. She was wearing a white lab coat and her pitch-black hair was tied up in a high ponytail. She had bangs, with pink and blue strips dyed on the sides. Her face had a few freckles, bringing out her really tanned skin. \"You bumped into me.\" He said, picking up the papers. Their hands touched accidently and he puled back, out of instinct. He handed them to her and she placed it back in her folder. \"What happened to your arm?\" She asked, noticing his bandages. \"Oh, this- it was an accident.\" He said, shrugging. \"You're Bradley.\" She said, pointing at him. \"Yep.\" He said, used to it. Everyone knew who he was on this campus. He was infamous. \"You are?\" \"I'm Cora.\" She said extending her hand. He looked down and hesitated before taking it. \"You're too young to be a doctor.\" He pointed out. She smiled. \"I'm an intern here. I do work in the lab.\" She pointed at her files. \"I have to get going. Glad to finally meet you, Bradley.\" He nodded and watched her walk away. Something about that girl seemed off to him. He couldn't point his finger on it. He thought best not to linger on it any longer. \"Great, I made it in time for cell bio.\" He said sarcastically to himself as he walked into the classroom. Professor Kreutzer was already writing on the board. The class hadn't started yet but she was one of those professors who had to start right on the dot. No minute late. He noticed Max was sitting in his wheelchair, looking up at Roxanne. \"Bradley! What did you do?\" He was surprised to see Roxanne walking toward him, alarmed. He looked over at Max who had frowned at her gesture. Jealous are we little Goof? Might as well use this to my advantage, he thought. \"Oh, Roxanne, it was horrible!\" he said, trying to sound in pain. \" I fell practicing on my board, and I had to get stitches. The doctor told me I was lucky that I had gotten to him when I did.\" She grabbed his hand and examined it. \"You should have called me, I could have gone with you!\" He looked over at Max whose face was red now with anger. He smirked. This was perfect. \"Ow, Roxanne, careful honey, it's still sore.\" He said, pouting. She let go instantly, worried. \"I'm sorry. If there's anything I can do-\" \"Come, let's go take a seat. Class is about to start.\" He said, leading her up the steps. He felt Max's eyes on him and he couldn't help but feel victorious. One for Bradley. Zero for Max. The rest of class was a bore. Even Max's glaring had become tiresome. He looked at the clock, wishing it would speed up. His arm wasn't hurting anymore, but he found himself dozing off. He hadn't slept well. \"Bradley, Bradley wake up.\" He looked up, slowly opening his eyes. He had leaned on Roxanne's shoulder, falling asleep. She was smiling at him. \"Class is over.\" \"Huh, oh, yes.\" He said, embarrassed. \"Do you want to go get something to eat with Stace and I?\" she asked, putting her books away in her bag. \"Can't, I have practice to go to.\" He said, throwing his bag over his shoulder. \"Can you practice with that hand like that?\" she asked. \"I'm pretty sure you shouldn't.\" They walked out of the classroom, a herd of students rushing past them. They were all talking frantically and were running to the entrance of the building. \"What's going on?\" he asked, taking Roxanne's hand and leading her through the crowd. He pushed his way through and stopped when they were in the front steps, standing next to the losers of Team 99. He saw Max look over at him from his wheelchair, his mouth hanging open. Bradley found it strange and then realized he had still been holding Roxanne's hand. He smiled. \"Wow, look at them go.\" Someone said. A large crowd had gathered in front of the building, all watching a group of 3 students wearing purple and black riding their skateboards, doing all sorts of tricks on the property around them. They were wearing masks, resembling the Greek Gods. \"It's Hades, Zeus and Athena\" someone said and everyone started cheering. \"Who?\" Roxanne asked, confused. Bradley couldn't believe it. Don had been right. It was Megalos who had moved in next door. The crowd was clapping as the trio stopped their tricks and stood on the benches in front of them. The one in the middle, wearing the Zeus mask took it off and stared at everyone, showing off his perfectly white teeth. It was the curly haired dude Bradley had seen earlier. \"We are happy to be here, let me introduce ourselves. We are Megalos, which means Great in Greek. These are my main partners, Athena and Hades. We are known are the European X-Games Royal Court. I am Zeus, but you guys can call me Mikolaj.\" He bowed and everyone started cheering even louder. The guy next to him, Hades, took off his mask to reveal long red hair, with a purple strip on it. He bowed, winking at a few girls standing nearby. \"I'm Filip, master of the tornado. Let me demonstrate.\" He said and jumped on his skateboard, taking turns around the students gathered on the sidewalk. He slid down a ramp and flew into the air, spinning so fast Bradley wouldn't have believed it if he wasn't watching it with his own eyes. He landed on his skateboard, and with perfect balance jumped back onto the bench where his other friends were standing. The crowd went crazy. The last masked figure jumped off the bench, landing with one hand on the board and doing a split in the air. They kept their balance like that for a while waiting for the crowd to cheer before jumping back on it with both legs. They took their mask off and Bradley gasped. \"Hi! I'm Cora! Known as Athena in Megalos. I'm the third member, famous for my flexibility.\" Her eyes found Bradley in the crowd. He couldn't believe it. \"We are happy to finally be able to participate in the college X-Games here in the States. We hope you come out and support us! We're here to win!\" She raised her mask into the air and the crowd ran up to them. Bradley looked over at Max, and for once, they both shared the same fear. Max stared back at him, shaking his head. Bradley shrugged. This College X-Games is going to be harder than I thought…[Chapter 20] Max watched as Bobby slid down the ramp, PJ at his heels. They were practicing improving air on their skateboards since Max was out for the first round. Bobby tried to balance himself as Max does with one hand on his board, but failed and rolled down the ramp, the board landing on his head. \"OW!\" he yelled, grabbing the sides of his head. \"I don't know how you do it, Max.\" \"Do it again, and try to focus all your weight on one spot on the board.\" Max replied, tapping his fingers against the edge of his damn wheelchair. He hated that he couldn't practice with them. He looked down at his hand, a blue cast keeping him from doing anything. Another two weeks and that cast would be off. As for his leg, he had a while to go before the doctors gave him the \"Okay\". \"Dude, we have been at this for hours now! I'm tired.\" PJ remarked, sweat rolling down his massive cheeks. He unbuckled his helmet, throwing it on the ground. \"I'm with him on this one.\" Bobby said, throwing himself flat against the ramp. \"Guys, the first round is in a few days! Did you see whose competing with us? Megalos, that's who. With me out of the game we are at a heavy disadvantage.\" Max said, frustrated. \"Bro, that's not the only problem we have. There are only two of us. We need three people to compete.\" PJ said. Max groaned. How could he have forgotten that little detail? \"Dammit! Who can we find on such short notice?\" Max asked, shaking his head. \"We could always hold try-outs early.\" Bobby stated, sitting up. \"We need more people in the frat anyways.\" \"But we weren't going to do that until the end of the year. We don't have permission yet.\" PJ corrected. \"We can hold try-outs, but just for the team. They can't live in the house. Obviously, next year they'll be accepted into Theta Chi if they want it.\" Max said. The guys nodded. \"Can we stop practicing now? I'm getting sunburned.\" Said Bobby, exposing his red shoulder. \"See?\" PJ and Bobby both looked at him, waiting for his response. He hesitated, they really needed to practice, but he nodded. They both gave sighs of relief. \"Thank you, Billy.\" Bobby said, picking up his things. \"When we get back to the house, we are going to work on making fliers. We need to find the next person ASAP.\" Max said, a little annoyed that they were giving up so easily. \"You have been killing these guys.\" Mocha walked over, holding a bucket of Power Drinks. She took one, handed it to Max, and then went over to give one to her boyfriend and Bobby. \"Thanks, Babe.\" PJ said, opening his drink. \"I would kiss you but I'm sweaty.\" Mocha waved her hand. \"I understand.\" \"I love you.\" Bobby replied, chugging his drink. PJ gave him a look. Max couldn't help but smile. \"So what's this about try-outs? Are you really getting someone else on the team?\" Mocha asked. \"I have to, Mocha. We can't compete with two people.\" Max said, taking a sip of his drink. He didn't know how thirsty he was until the blueberry-flavored water hit his tongue. He tried not to force it down at once, because if he was this thirsty by just sitting in the wheelchair, the guys must have been dehydrated. Maybe he had worked them a little too hard… \"That's going to be time consuming, isn't it?\" she asked, one hand on her hip. \"Do you have time for that?\" \"Unless you have a better idea, girl?\" Max asked. Mocha closed her eyes, thinking. She opened her brown eyes, which were glittering with an idea. \"Oh, Oh.\" PJ said, stepping away from her. \"I know that look.\" \"I have a coworker at the Bean Scene who'd be happy to help you guys out. He's a Junior, but he rides for a living.\" She said, walking up to Max. She placed both arms on the side of his wheelchair, her nose touching his. She had a determined look on her face, which made Max cringe. \"He trains other kids at a camp on the weekends. What do you say?\" Max rolled his eyes over to PJ who was nodding his head frantically, meaning that Max didn't have a choice on this one. His eyes made it back to Mocha who was still staring at him, without blinking. He gulped. \"Okay.\" He said. She smiled and jumped back. \"Great! I'll let him know; now if you don't mind, I'll be stealing PJ for a while. I need help remodeling my living room. I got some great artwork to hang on my wall. I'd like for you guys to come over and see it when it's done.\" PJ groaned and Mocha looked over at him, an eyebrow raised. He quickly straightened up, a weak smile on his face. Bobby pointed at him, laughing. \"What? You can come help me too.\" Mocha said, making Bobby stop, shaking his head. \"Sorry, lady. But I have a date with my little sunflower.\" He said, and everyone turned to look at him. \"A date?\" Max asked, surprised. \"You?\" PJ stated, eyes wide. \"Whose the dude?\" Mocha asked and the guys all let out a bark like laughter, making Bobby's ears turn red. \"It's NOT a dude. It's Stacey.\" He said, crossing his arms. \"Woahhhhh, for real?\" PJ asked. Bobby nodded. \"So, Roxanne's going to be home alone?\" Max asked, curious. All eyes turned on him now, and he knew he had made a mistake. \"Why do you care?\" Mocha asked, smirking. Max didn't even know why he cared either. \"Forget it-\" he started. \"Do you like Roxanne?\" PJ asked, keeping his tone down. Max looked up at him and felt his face turn red. \"No! No! I don't! I was just curious. Seeing how she lives in front of us and all.\" He said, feeling his heart beat faster. It was true, he didn't know if he liked Roxanne in the first place. They were different people now, she wasn't the same teenager he had fallen in love with in high school. And he definitely wasn't the same guy either. PJ and Bobby exchanged a look. \"You can come over with me, we're having dinner at their house.\" Bobby said. \"Nah, I'd love to, but I really need to fix things with Jasmine. We left on a wrong note.\" He said, hating his answer. He wanted to go with him, but he knew he had to mend things with her first. Bobby shrugged. \"All right, invitation still open until 8pm tonight.\"[Chapter 21] Roxanne closed the filing cabinet shut, exhausted for the day. Her brain was tired of looking at countless graphs and patient reports. She placed her white binder on the table next to her, shut off the computer and turned to leave. She heard the rustling of keys coming from outside the door, which made her stop in her tracks. It was late. No one was supposed to be on this floor. She was ordered to shut down the labs. The door opened and in walked a girl, with pink and blue hair covering her eyes. She looked up, startled. \"I'm so sorry,\" she said. Roxanne noticed the English accent on her. \"I thought no one was here.\" \"I was about to leave.\" Roxanne replied, examining the girl closely. She was sure that she had seen her somewhere. \"I'm Cora, I intern here.\" The girl said, dropping a large file on the nearby table. \"I don't want you to think I'm just some straggler.\" Roxanne gasped. It was the girl on the skateboard. The one from earlier. \"I saw you.\" Roxanne said. \"You were outside the Science Building.\" Cora looked down, blushing. She pushed her bang away and looked up at Roxanne. \"Haha, you saw that? It's an act that my brother makes us do.\" \"Your brother?\" \"The leader, Mikolaj.\" Cora said. \"Oh, well that was impressive. You had my friend Bradley stunned.\" Roxanne said, remembering how both Max and Bradley had looked. \"Bradley? Bradley Uppercrust the Third?\" Cora asked. \"What did he think?\" \"Yeah, him. He didn't say anything, but I could tell.\" Roxanne looked at the clock. It was getting late. She had to meet Stacey for dinner, Bobby was coming over. She swung her bag over her shoulder and walked towards the door. \"I have to go, Cora. But it was so nice meeting you. I'm glad we both intern here. I'll see you around?\" Cora nodded. \"For sure. I could use someone to talk to besides my teammates. God knows they can be bloody boring.\" Roxanne laughed and waved, closing the door behind her. Roxanne walked up towards her house, having decided to take the bus. Stacey had needed the car to buy groceries. She looked to her right, spotting Max's house. He would be alone today, since Bobby was going to be at their place. She stopped, looking down at her white flats, thinking. Maybe I should invite him over… it's just dinner anyways. No, it's not my place. He has a girlfriend. Ugh, Roxanne are you implying that you see him other than just a friend? She shook her head, frustrated at herself. She sighed and crossed the street, clutching to her bag tightly. She looked at her watch. Half past eight. \"What do you mean you're going out?\" Max asked into the phone. \"I wanted to come over.\" \"Babe, I need time for myself. The semester has barely started and I'm stressed. You haven't made it easy for me.\" Jasmine responded. \"I know, and I wanted to apologize. Maybe I can make it up to you somehow?\" Max combed his fingers through his hair, closing his eyes. \"Can we talk about this tomorrow?\" Jasmine asked. \"Where are you going?\" Max was annoyed. Didn't she care to fix things? \"To Lola's place. We are going to do our nails and just watch movies. Girl stuff. I appreciate you calling me, but I really have to go. I'm still upset at you. But we can fix this tomorrow. Have a goodnight, I love you.\" He heard her hang up before he could say anything. He put the phone down, frustrated. He slammed his fist against the table, wanting more than anything to get out of the wheelchair prison he was in. He was limited in what he could do, and now his own girlfriend was avoiding him and there was nothing he could do about it. This semester is the worst, he thought. KNOCK. KNOCK. Who the heck would come over now? Did Bobby forget his keys? He rolled over to the door, unlocking it. He opened it and found Roxanne standing in front of him, wearing a tight blue skirt and a long polka dotted light green shirt under what looked like a white lab coat. She smiled at him, obviously shy. \"Hey,\" she said, her cheeks flushed. \"Sorry to bother you, I just thought- well maybe- you'd like to come over for dinner?\" He sat there, staring at her. She was literally standing in front of him. Was this for real? \"Um? Max?\" He shook his head. \"Oh yes! I'd love to, Roxanne.\" She smiled, and nodded. \"Okay, you want to get ready?\" \"Yes! Sorry you caught me at a bad time, come in, I'll just get my shoes.\" Max said, feeling nervous. She still makes me feel nervous… \"About last time, I hope I didn't cause any trouble with your girlfriend.\" Roxanne said, stepping into the house. Max closed the door behind him. \"Oh, that- well…\" he couldn't find the right words. He didn't want to lie to her. \"Everything's okay now.\" She turned to look at him, squinting her eyes. \"What do you mean now?\" \"Haha, Well she might have been a little upset.\" He said, chuckling. \"I'm sorry, Max.\" she said, \"I didn't know your dad was going to call me out like that.\" \"You were the only girl I ever was crazy about.\" Max said, and caught himself. He did not just say that. He clasped his hands over his mouth, eyes wide. She was staring at him and then she turned, smiling. She let out a giggle, which then became a full hearted laugh. He remembered her laugh, something he hadn't heard in years. He began to laugh alongside her, when suddenly he felt his stomach drop. \"AHHH HYUCCCK!\" He clasped his hands over his mouth again, his blood rushing to his face. He had just done the goof laugh, right in front of Roxanne. Stupid, stupid Max! Why after all these years have you decided to laugh like an idiot?! Oh my gosh now she's going to think you're still the same loser she knew in high school. He thought, waiting to see her reaction. \"I missed your laugh.\" She said, placing her hand over his. He felt his ears stand up. \"May I take a seat?\" \"Whaaaat?\" Max asked, surprised. \"On me?\" \"No!\" Roxanne stepped back from him, blushing. \"On the sofa!\" Max slapped his hand over his head. \"I'm so stupid. Sorry! I don't know what's wrong with me tonight. Yes, please take a seat. I'll go get my shoes and we can head out.\" Roxanne let out a laugh, which was a relief to hear. Bradley watched as a group of college students gathered in the house across from his. The Megalos are having a party all right, he thought, looking through the blinds. He put his binoculars down, grabbing his drink. He sipped it and went back at spying the new Greek neighbors. His eyes found Cora, the girl he had run into at the hospital. She was wearing the smallest shorts he had ever seen on a girl, with a short top. He noticed how toned her legs were, and tan. He loved the color tan. She was talking to some blond dude, who Bradley recognized as the guy from the café. He had forgotten his name, but he couldn't mistake that face. One of the Megalos members was doing tricks for the crowd, which made Bradley green with jealousy. \"Lousy, that wasn't even done right.\" He said out loud, watching as the crowd cheered him on. The leader, Zeus as he was known, walked out of the house, and behind him was no other than the red head Bradley knew all too well. \"Huh? What do we have here?\" he zoomed in on her, noticing the drink on her left hand. Zeus placed an arm around her and whispered something into her ear making her giggle. \"Interesting.\" He laughed. \"Goof won't like this.\" He went back to looking around the yard, looking for Cora. \"Where did she go? She was just there,\" \"Who me?\" He turned around quickly, his heart pounding. She stood at the door, arms on her hips. He placed the binoculars behind his back, regaining his posture. \"How did you get in?\" he asked, trying to sound normal. \"No one is allowed at the Gamma house unless I give my permission.\" \"Yeah, yeah.\" She smirked. \"Because your possè downstairs, which happens to be only one guy, would have said no to me.\" Bradley found that he enjoyed hearing her talk, her English accent making her words sound sophisticated in a way. He didn't even care that she was being sassy with him. \"Where are the rest of my guys?\" he asked. \"At my party. It's my birthday.\" She said. \"I came over to see if you wanted to come over.\" \"Your birthday?\" he was caught off guard. So that's what the party is for… \"Yeah,\" \"But I didn't authorize my guys to go to your birthday!\" he said, trying to give off the façade that he didn't care. She raised an eyebrow. \"Okay, your loss.\" She walked away. Bradley groaned and threw his binoculars on the bed, following her down the hall. He saw his eyes roam down to her bottom, hypnotized by the way she moved. He shook his head. \"Why the heck are you naked anyways?\" he asked, following her down the stairs. Sam, one of the freshmen, was standing by the door. He bowed when he saw Bradley. \"Sam, go to the party. Lock the doors behind you.\" Bradley ordered, walking behind Cora. He heard her giggle. \"OKAY!\" Sam said, excited. \"I'm not naked. We have a pool in the backyard.\" She stopped walking, causing him to run into her. They were out on his yard now. He grabbed her before she fell over. He felt his cheeks go red as his arms held her. She turned around, her face as red as his. \"Watch it.\" She said, pushing away. \"You watch it.\" He yelled. \"You're the one that decided to stop walking with no warning!\" \"I'm taking it that you're coming?\" she asked, completely ignoring him. \"Argh!\" he swung his hands into the air. He leaned over, so that they were face to face. \"Yes, I am coming over. Only because my men are over there.\" She smiled and nodded. \"Fair enough.\" Bradley rolled his eyes but felt something he hadn't felt in a while. Happiness. Real happiness.[Chapter 22] Hey my readers! I am so sorry I've been taking so long to update! Personal issues have been getting in the way, but I want you all to know that I'm trying- as well as will still be working on the comic (rather slowly) but I just wanted to let you all know that I haven't forgotten about it. Also, I appreciate all the feedback and comments! I love reading them, they make me smile. So THANK YOU ALL who leave such wonderful comments. They really keep me motivated to keep going. Since drawing comics takes a lot of time, I have decided to place this story on wattpad, I bet some of you are familiar with this already, but what I like about it is that you can read the story on your mobile device AND I can put cute chapter pictures right in the story itself. That is a lot easier than drawing frame after frame. Hahaha. But don't you guys worry! I will still be posting my chapters here of course on fanfiction, I just wanted you all to know that option is there if you want to go see pictures to go along with the chapters. I will continue to work on the comic as well! J So you guys can find me on wattpad under the name lovelyfairy18 Thanks you all for your support! I hope you enjoy this short chapter Silvia \"We can't trace who rented out the car, Mrs. Goof.\" The police officer said, tapping his pen against his mug. She scrunched up her face in annoyance, and felt Goofy's hand gently rub her back. \"Honey, he did everything he could do.\" Goofy said softly, knowing all too well she wasn't in the best mood. She sighed, trying her best to control her emotions. It had been almost three weeks and they still had no lead besides the fact that the car that had hit Max had been rented under a false name. \"Don't you think it's a little strange that this,\" she picked up the paper in front of her. \"Car dealer allowed someone to rent a car without identification?\" The police officer, whose name was Tim, sat back on his seat, his belly hitting the edge of the desk, making some of the coffee spill out of his mug. He scratched behind his long black ears and shrugged. \"You are useless!\" she had lost it. She found herself standing over him, both her palms hitting the desk hard. Goofy fell back against his chair, surprised. \"Listen here, Tim, I don't care what you do, but you better have something else for me when I come back.\" She grabbed her purse and walked out of the small hot office, her heels alerting everyone at the station of her presence. She was so angry. She knew cases like these were hard and required work, but these guys here weren't doing anything. She heard Goofy running after her, constantly apologizing for bumping into people. \"Sylvia!\" She stopped walking when she was safely outside the station. She turned to look at Goofy, trying to relax her face. \"That was a waste of my time.\" She said, rubbing her temples. She felt a sudden pulse behind her eye, indicating the start of headache. \"Did you see how he looked at us? As if it didn't matter that he had nothing new to tell us about the case.\" Goofy took her hand and kissed it, his large eyes looking up at her. She felt her shoulders become less tense and she smiled, the anger inside slightly lifting. \"I'm happy you really care about this,\" Goofy said \"But maybe it's best we don't kill ourselves over this. There are lots of hit-and-run cases, and not everyone gets caught.\" She looked at him, understanding what he was saying. She wanted to tell him that he was right, that maybe she should give this up, but she knew she couldn't. This was a college campus. Someone within the college must have been the one to hit Max. She was sure of it. She knew this campus as well as she knew the back of her hand. \"What do you say we grab some dinner? My treat?\" Goofy asked, leading her down the stairs. \"Don't you always?\" she teased, looking over at the small corner store. She noticed it had a camera on the outside of its' window.[Chapter 23] She made sure that he was watching her, knowing all too well that she needed to get on his good side. He had, after all, become the most popular guy on campus. She placed her bright red lips on the edge of the cup, taking her time to slowly sip the wine. She closed her eyes, wanting to taste it better, but also wanting to look attractive while doing so. \"Seems like you enjoy our wine.\" She heard him say, and that pleased her all the more. She kept the wine in her mouth, trying to savour it. She knew the etiquettes of drinking wine, and seeing as he was European, she wanted to impress him. \"Why didn't you bring Max Goof with you? He is your boyfriend right?\" She almost choked on her wine. She felt it go down the wrong pipe, and she coughed, breaking the spell she had tried so hard to work on Mikolaj. Her eyes watered as she gasped for air, embarrassed at how she must have looked. Once she had controlled herself, she turned to face her ex-boyfriend. Bradley stood behind her, his dark beady eyes looking down at her. He was smiling, holding a drink in his hand. Behind him popped Cora, amused. \"What are you doing here?\" she glared, her fist clinching. \"I invited him.\" Cora responded, giving Bradley a nudge. \"How… nice… of you.\" She said forcefully, her eyebrows rising. Why did he have to be here? \"I didn't know you had a boyfriend.\" Mikolaj said, leaning against the wall. \"It's complicated.\" Was the only thing she could say. She wanted to get with Mikolaj, knowing how Max wasn't going to be the X-Games king anymore. She saw how selfish her behavior was, but she didn't care. She had always made sure that she was only with the best, and the best was what she was going to get. She wanted Mikolaj. \"Really? How so?\" She could tell Bradley was enjoying this. She had to play it safe, for her sake. Any wrong move could cause things to go wrong between her and Max, and she wasn't just ready to let go of Max. Not yet. \"It's none of your concern, Bradley.\" She said, turning her back to him. \"Mikolaj, shall we go to the pool?\" \"Guess I'm going to have to ask him myself.\" Bradley sang. \"You will do no such thing, Brad.\" She warned, quickly facing him. \"He needs rest. Don't you dare.\" \"If he needs rest then why are you here and not over there taking care of him?\" Bradley accused. She felt her face turn red. \"I was on my way there.\" She lied, knowing she was playing with fire. \"I wanted to stop by here first, knowing as how I was invited and all.\" She took a deep breath; planning to kill Bradley the next time she got the chance. \"Mikolaj, I'm sorry. But with the topic of Max on everyone's tongue maybe it's best if I head out now. Thanks for inviting me.\" He nodded, surprising her by taking her in a tight hug and planting a kiss on her cheek. \"It's how we greet each other.\" He whispered into her ear. She looked at him, determined to win him at all costs. \"Dinner was great. Thanks for inviting me.\" Max said, sitting outside of Roxanne's house. They were sitting on the side, where no one could see him, but he still had a clear view of his home right in front. \"No, problem. It was nice to have the gang together again, minus PJ, of course.\" She said, wrapping a sweater around her shoulders. She was leaning against the fence that divided her house and the neighbors, looking down at him as he sat on his wheelchair. \"I missed days like this. I had forgotten how well we used to all get along.\" Max said, knowing exactly where he wanted the conversation to lead. He watched her, admiring her face, her smile. She hadn't changed much since he had last seen her. Of course, she looked stunning now, her hair falling in thicker waves around her, her face slimmer, but besides that, she looked the same. \"I want to know what you've been up to since- well, you know.\" He said softly, looking down at his hands. He felt nervous. That night was still engraved in his memory as if it had only happened yesterday… \"Do you think we are going to win?\" he asked Roxanne, who was holding on to his arm for dear life. \"I'm so nervous… what if we do win, Max?\" she said, her nails digging into his sleeve. He looked down at her and smiled, planting a quick kiss on her head. She was wearing a long multi colored dress, with her hair in tight curls falling down over her shoulders. It was the first time she had ever worn makeup, and the eyeliner she wore made her dark eyes shimmer. He couldn't have been more proud to be her boyfriend. \"I know I'm not winning that.\" Stacey said, who was holding hands with Bobby. \"I never entered.\" \"That's because you bailed.\" Bobby said, a can of cheese in his other hand. \"You should have ran. You're the president of the senior class, and my girlfriend for Pete's sake!\" \"Did someone say my name?\" PJ asked, confused. He had been the only one without a date. Not that he had minded. \"No, PJ, hush- he's about to announce the winners!\" Stacey said, waving her hand. Max felt nervous. He had worked so hard to get out of the loser phase he had been in Freshman year. After the Powerline concert, he had gained popularity status instantly. Now, all that was left to do was be King and he would have won it all. \"We will start off with the King- because a Queen doesn't wait for her King yall, it's the other way 'round.\" The DJ said, holding an envelope. \"Let's hear it for the Prom King, class of 2000… MAXAMILLIAN GOOF!\" Max stood there, not believing what he had just heard. Had he really won? \"Dude! Oh my gosh! You won, Max! YOU WON!\" he heard PJ say, slapping him hard on the back. \"Wow, baby! You did it!\" Roxanne exclaimed, quickly tiptoeing to kiss him on the cheek. He had grown so much taller than her in the last four years, which was a relief to him. He hated being the short guy. She fixed his tie and edged him on, making his way to the stage. He was given a crown, and his raised his fist in the air, making everyone cheer louder. The lights were blinding, but he didn't care. All he needed was Roxanne by his side and tonight would have been perfect. \"Let's settle down, people. We still have a Queen to crown. Now I want to hear y'all scream and shout even louder for our Queen…\" Max smiled, finding Roxanne in the crowd. She was holding her hands together, eagerly waiting for her name to be called. He knew she wanted this just as much as he had wanted it. There was no way she wasn't going to win it. They were the IT couple. High school sweethearts. NO one would vote Max and not Roxanne. No one. \"This years Queen is… Victoria Bell!\" Max opened his mouth in shock. People cheered, but he could hear some confusion in the crowd. Victoria Bell made her way up to the stage, in the most daring, tight fitting red dress. Her hair was up in a high ponytail, showing off her great facial structure. She was hot. Max looked down at Roxanne and saw her bite her lip, disappointed. She shrugged, PJ's hand holding her shoulder. \"Now, will the King and Queen share their first dance?\" Max was caught off guard as the lights dimmed and a soft tune began to play. Victoria threw herself at him, wrapping her nicely gloved arms around his neck. He heard whistles, and wished that they would stop. He didn't want people thinking anything. He forced his hands onto her waist, taking in her heavily perfumed scent. He shook his head, feeling light-headed. \"Max, you are so cool.\" She whispered in his ear, making him nervous. He didn't respond, swaying side to side as the whole senior class watched. It's almost over… the songs almost over and you'll go back to Roxanne… He didn't know why he felt so nervous. It was as if he knew something was going to go wrong. Oh how right he was. The song ended, and before he could let go, he felt Victoria's lips on his, kissing him wildly in front of the whole school. He heard cheers and whistles from the crowd, and something in him snapped. It was weird. He liked the attention. He liked that he had been kissing the most popular girl in school. He didn't break away, knowing the Roxanne would understand. She would see that he wasn't the one that had kissed Victoria… it had been her. When he broke free he looked to stare at where his friends had been standing only to see PJ and Bobby look worried. Where had Roxanne gone? \"Well, I moved to France. It was, lovely. It was just what I needed to-\" Roxanne stopped. She looked up, as if to find the right words. \" It's just what I needed to start my life.\" \"You never said good-bye.\" He said softly. He saw how she tensed up, clutching the side of the fence firmly with her hands. \"I guess I had a lot on my mind.\" \"I went to your house, and your dad had said you left. That's all he said, really. He wouldn't give me any more information on how to contact you or anything.\" Max said quickly, feeling ashamed. \"You did?\" she asked, surprised. \"I hadn't known that.\" \"Why didn't you say anything to me?\" Roxanne bit her lip, a sign she did right before she wanted to cry. Max knew he was pushing her, but he wanted to get past the hurt so that they could start off fresh. As friends of course. They had never settled their problem four years ago. \"Max, I think you know why.\" She said softly. She looked down, her hair covering her face. \"I don't think I need to remind you.\" \"I do, Roxanne. And I know that I messed up back at Prom. I know I shouldn't have kissed that girl and that I should have ran after you. I was a stupid kid who was more pressed on popularity than the feelings of the girl I loved. I'm sorry, Roxanne. I apologize now, because you have given me the opportunity to do so. I want us to be friends. I want us to start a new.\" He heard her whimper and she wiped her nose with the bottom of her shirt. He was able to get a quick glimpse of her belly, which made his skin crawl. She looked up at him, her eyes slightly pink around the edges. She had begun to cry, but was smiling now. \"I forgive you, Max. Don't worry about it. We can be friends. It's not as if I'm still in love with you or anything.\" She said, sniffling. Anything would have been better than hearing her say that. For some reason, her words stung. They hurt him. He felt a sharp pang where his heart was, a feeling he had forgotten. The last time he had felt like that was when she had disappeared from his life. \"Max, I think we have a problem.\" Bobby was sticking his head out of one of the windows. \"Huh?\" Max was still trying to process what had just happened. \"Um, Jasmine's at our house. I see her.\" Bobby pointed and Max was able to see Jasmine pull up, turning her headlights off. \"Damn!\" He whispered, paranoid. If she found out he had been over here… \"What do you want to do Max?\" Roxanne asked. \"She can't find me here! Bobby come pull me inside! Hurry!\" Bobby climbed out of the window, falling head first onto the floor. Max heard Roxanne giggle. \"Dude hurry up!\" he insisted, looking over to Jasmine. She hadn't seen him yet. She was getting out of the car, making her way to his front door. \"All right, ugh, I just hurt myself.\" Bobby said, getting on his feet. \"Oh no my glasses!\" \"Bobby!\" Max said, irritated. Bobby ran to his side and pushed him quickly toward the back yard. Stacey was waiting by the door. \"Did she see you guys?\" she asked. \"No, I don't think so.\" Max said, his heart pounding quickly. \"That was close.\" \"My glaaaassses.\" Bobby cried, holding two ends of what use to be his frames. \"We can tape it together.\" Roxanne said, as she walked back inside. Max watched her go, feeling a familiar wound open up.[Chapter 24] Bradley struggled to stay awake in class the next day. He had stayed up late with her, ditching the party to go skate at the ramps. She was a pro, it was obvious, and weirdly enough, he didn't feel intimidated. \"Bradley,\" he felt his arm being poked and he opened his eyes, her red hair coming into focus. \"Class is over,\" Roxanne said, putting her stuff away. \"Why are you so tired?\" \"Kmenfp…\" he shook his head, trying to wake up. \"You're silly, come on, let's grab some coffee. That'll wake you up.\" Roxanne said, picking him up by his elbow. He yawned, but obeyed. He didn't remember walking over to the café, but there he was, sitting down and sipping a cup of black coffee. He felt himself come together, slowly waking up. \"What were you doing up? Not studying?\" she said, biting into her sandwich. \"No. I was at a party- speaking of which…\"he took another sip. He felt better now. \"When are we going to throw that party we planned earlier in the year?\" He saw Roxanne smile, and she waved her hair away from her eyes. \"I'm glad you brought that up. I'd like to do it after your X-Games Try-Outs. I think it'd be more of a celebration than anything.\" \"Are you implying that you have faith in the Gammas? With out record of… um… bad luck?\" he asked, surprised. She beamed. \"Yes! That is exactly what I'm saying. It will be for you. For the Gammas.\" His eyebrows shot up, taken back. He hadn't had this much support, well, since Max arrived at school. He grabbed Roxanne's hand and he watched her turn red. \"You have no idea how much this means to me!\" \"Haha, Bradley, people are watching.\" Roxanne said shyly, looking around. He quickly let go, controlling his excitement. \"I apologize, Roxanne. It's just that no one likes us anymore at this campus. Since Team 99 came and took over, I've been a laughing stock. I think you know this already. You did watch the games over in France, did you not?\" he asked, watching her as she shrugged. \"The way I see it, this could be your year. Who knows? Who are we to put your team down so easily because of past events?\" she said. \"And plus, you were my first friend on campus. You were very nice to me, and I believe that good things will come your way. I believe in Karma.\" Bradley shifted in his seat uncomfortable, suddenly wanting to leave. He felt embarrassed. This lovely girl was telling him that he was a nice guy. That she believed in Karma. If only she knew who he was. He had almost killed Max, not that that was his intention, but he had gone to a bad place that night. He closed his eyes, everything coming to him. He had been drinking. He found himself leaning over the tub, throwing up everywhere. He had just had his house egged by some stupid freshmen, and he had beat up one to a pulp when he caught him around the corner, laughing. \"What am I doing with my life?\" he yelled. He heard his teammates banging on the bathroom door, asking him if he was okay. He ignored them. He looked at his reflection, rugged, bloodshot. His lip was bruised from the hit he had taken to the jaw… his hair a mess. His brown eyes glared back at him with hatred… mocking him. \"Who are you? What have you done to us?\" the reflection asked him. Bradley kept his hands firmly on the sink, unafraid. \"I didn't do ANYTHING.\" Bradley responded, watching as his reflection laughed back at him. \"You know I tried everything in my power to get back on my feet- to get back the crown-\" \"Really? All I see is FAILURE, Bradley Uppercrust the Third. FAILURE. Look at yourself. You're pathetic. You should just get rid of yourself. Do us that favor. Stop making us look bad.\" His reflection said, showing off his pearly white teeth. His reflection wasn't beat up at all, he was handsome, shaven and standing with a medal over his chest. He laughed, making Bradley cringe. \"SHUT UP!\" Bradley yelled, slamming his fist against the mirror, shattering it. He grabbed the half drank bottle of vodka and stormed out of the bathroom, despite the protests of his peers. He grabbed his car keys, and ran out the door before anyone could stop him. He had made up his mind… \"You want a car?\" \"YES! Can't you hear me? I'll pay you upfront with cash. Just give me a damn car! I don't care which one!\" Bradley yelled at the payphone, taking another sip of his liquor. \"I'LL PAY TRIPLE. Just don't ask any questions.\" He drove to the dealership, his vision blurry. He was walking on autopilot, hands in his pocket. \"You the guy?\" the man asked him. He couldn't remember the man's face. \"Yeah. Give me my car.\" \"Ah, ah, money first.\" He said, the smell of cigar in the air. \"Right.\" Bradley threw the money on the desk, landing with a heavy thump. \"This should compensate everything.\" \"And you won't want me to disclose who you are, right?\" the man said to him. \"That's the deal.\" Bradley responded. \"Very well, Mr. Uppercrust. Here are your keys. Have a pleasant drive.\" He took the keys from the man and walked out into the truck, the red truck with the high seats. It roared to life as he drove down the streets, tears in his eyes. I'm just holding on for tonight… he thought, taking out a cigarette from his pocket and lighting it. I'm going to live like tomorrow doesn't exist... He felt his tears roll down faster, knowing very well that he didn't plan to see the next morning. He kept on driving, passing red lights, not caring if he got stop or not. I need to go to the bridge… He had made a last turn around the back of the library, knowing that he had to get out of campus. He didn't want to live like the laughing stock anymore. Enough was enough. Then he saw him. He was skating on his board, looking preoccupied. Max. \"This is all his fault, Bradley… hit him! Hit him!\" he saw his reflection again through the rear view mirror, urging him forward. \"I can't do that!\" Bradley yelled back, but before he could hit the brake he hit Max, closing his eyes as the impact happened. He wanted to stop. He really did. But at that moment he didn't care. He began to laugh.[Chapter 25] \"Excuse me Roxanne, but I have to dismiss myself for the day.\" Bradley stood up, his face grim. \"Is everything okay?\" Roxanne asked, standing up as well. He shook his head and she said no more, not understanding why he had acted the way he did. \"Thank you for the coffee. And, um, that sounds like a great idea for the party. Can I call you back tonight?\" he asked, running his hand through his hair. \"Sure, Bradley. No problem.\" She responded, feeling bad for him. She didn't know what else to say to him. She wanted to know what was troubling him, but thought it best to give him time. He had obviously thought of something. She watched as he walked away, throwing his bag over his shoulder. She sighed, taking a seat again. \"No point in being here alone.\" She turned around to find Tony standing behind her, smiling. \"Did you guys get in a fight?\" \"Huh?\" she hadn't processed what he said. He took a seat where Bradley had been sitting and noticed that he was in his work clothes. He had a white collard shirt on with a black tie, and a small apron around his waist. \"Mind if I join you for a bit?\" he asked, resting his arms on the table. Roxanne nodded. \"Yeah, please. My friend kind of bailed on me.\" She said, taking a sip of her water. \"He's your friend? I could have sworn he was your boyfriend. I saw him grab your hand earlier.\" Tony said, grinning. Roxanne blushed and shook her head. \"No! No! It's not like that at all!\" Tony smirked. \"I mean he's a handsome guy, don't get me wrong. But we're just friends. That's all.\" She said, feeling her face grow hot. \"That's even better.\" Tony said. \"I was wondering if you're free tonight… if you don't have a boyfriend that is.\" Roxanne was surprised at how upfront he was. She sat there, contemplating her options. She hadn't planned on dating anyone for a while, but she had seen Tony around campus a lot. First at the Chinese restaurant and often at the café. He was polite and not to mention cute. She noticed how the sun caught the blond highlights in his curly hair, and how his blue eyes watched her, waiting for her reply. She gulped. \"Tony, I…\" \"Say no more. I understand.\" He said, smiling softly. He made to stand but Roxanne cut him off. \"NO! I'd love to!\" she said, and covered her face with her hands. She took a deep breath and controlled herself. Why was she so nervous? \"Really?\" he asked She nodded, hoping that she wasn't going to regret it later. \"Wow! I can't wait then! Where can I pick you up?\" he asked, excited. \"Do you have a notepad?\" Roxanne asked. He reached into his apron and pulled out a very messy yellow notebook and pen. He handed it to her. \"This is my address.\" She said, scribbling it down for him. \"And I put my number here in case you get lost.\" \"Thanks,\" Tony said, skimming over the information. \"Hey, I know where this is. It's right in front of Team 99's spot.\" Roxanne felt the pit of her stomach drop. She had forgot about Max. Their conversation last night opened up old wounds for her, remembering how much Max had meant to her in high school. She sighed, feeling guilty. \"Yeah, that's… it alright.\" She gathered up her things and with one last sip of water she stood up. \"I'll see you tonight Tony. I have to go run some errands and get some homework done before tonight. See you then.\" \"See you then.\" He replied, his cheeks red. Max was happy with their progress. The new guy, Tony, was doing very well on the ramps, better than he had expected. \"Didn't I tell you he was good?\" Mocha teased, sitting along side him. \"Yeah, you did. I'm so glad you mentioned it, too. Saved me the trouble of finding someone.\" Max said, watching as Tony jumped off the ramp, landing perfectly. \"Do you think you'll be ready for the games in the Spring?\" Mocha asked. \"Oh yeah, definitely.\" Max said, looking down at his casted leg. It didn't hurt anymore like it used to when he first got hit, so progress was on the way. \"Yo, Max. I'm going to have to bail early tonight.\" Tony called, walking towards him. \"Why?\" Max yelled back. He had just started practicing with them an hour ago. The game was on Saturday. \"I thought you only wanted to see how I did on the skateboard.\" Tony replied, standing in front of him now. \"Hey, what's going on?\" Bobby asked, taking his helmet off. His head was dripping in sweat. \"Why'd you stop?\" \"Yeah, what's the deal? Are we ending early?\" PJ asked, holding his skateboard over his shoulder. Tony smiled. \"I'm sorry guys but I'm going to have to come back tomorrow.\" Max shook his head. \"Tony, you are a great skater, but the games are two days away. We need to practice as much as we can. Especially you. You've never competed.\" Max said, trying to keep his voice calm. \"Yeah dude, if it's homework you need to do-\" PJ started but Tony cut him off. \"It's a date.\" Max sighed. Why was everyone going on dates? First Bobby with Stacey and now Tony with whoever. He'd have to make a rule about no dates while practicing. \"I can't quit now. I told her I'd pick her up.\" Tony said, removing his knee pads. \"Fine. But I want to make this clear to ALL of you. No more dates during practice. Schedule them at some other time. We have big competition here, not only are we going against the Gammas, but the Megalos as well. They have a record of winning. Europe's finest. So let's get this in our heads, okay?\" Max lectured. They guys mumbled something about agreeing. \"Thanks, man. I owe you one.\" Tony said, giving Max a slight punch on the shoulder. \"I think I owe you for doing us this favor, so please tell your girlfriend to not schedule around practices.\" Max said, smiling. \"Haha, she's not my girlfriend yet. I'm hoping she will be though. It's our first date.\" Tony replied. \"Aha-ha.\" Bobby teased. \"Whose the lucky womaaan?\" \"Yeah.\" Mocha went up to him, pointing at his chest. \"You never mentioned liking a girl.\" \"She's new! I swear. I've never seen her around campus before until this year.\" Tony said, throwing his arms in the air. Max got an uneasy feeling. Mocha raised an eyebrow, pouting her dark purple lips. \"Hmmmm. Something smells fishy and it isn't Bobby.\" \"Hey, now.\" Bobby said, smelling himself. \"You guys are too much.\" Tony said, picking up his gym bag. \"I'll see you guys tomorrow. I promise to practice extra hard!\" Max nodded, knowing there wasn't much he could do. \"So does this mean practice is over?\" PJ asked, his eyes hopeful. \"Thirty more minutes and we can call it a day.\" Max said and pointed at the ramps. \"Again gentlemen!\" Max held on to the crutches he was now using to get around as he waited for the rest of his friends to get out of the van. Bobby was carrying his wheel chair, which folded up nicely for \"easy\" carrying. PJ appeared with the equipment, throwing the skateboards onto the back of the van and locking it. \"That's that. I'm so tired. I can't wait to shower.\" PJ said, walking over to their front yard. Max noticed a finely dressed figure step out of a black car, which was parked in front of Roxanne's house. \"Yo! Guys!\" It was Tony. Bobby and PJ turned around to look and began to whistle as Tony crossed the street to join them. \"Looking sharp my man.\" Bobby said, pushing his frames upwards to get a better look. \"Yeah, dude. I thought you said you had a date.\" PJ said. \"What are you doing here?\" \"Picking her up. She lives in front of you guys.\" Tony said, pointing at Roxanne's house. Max felt his mouth drop. \"It better not be my Stacey!\" Bobby exclaimed, dropping Max's wheelchair to the floor. He moved to stand right in front of Tony, his head only coming up as far as Tony's chest. \"You can't have her!\" \"Calm down, it's not her.\" Tony laughed, patting Bobby on the head. \"You don't mean-\" PJ asked and Max could feel his eyes on him. He gulped. \"It's Roxanne.\" Tony said. He looked around at the guys who had gone quiet. \"Hey, what's wrong?\" \"Uh, nothing dude. You should get going. You can't keep… you can't keep Roxanne waiting.\" Max said, forcing a smile. He rubbed the back of his neck, trying to calm his jealousy. \"Okay. Well, see you guys later! Get some rest, y'all look as if you guys have heard some bad news.\" Tony said, waving at them and running back across the street. Max watched as he rang the doorbell, and out walked Roxanne, looking beautiful in a short black dress and tall heels. She was wearing a leather jacket around her as well. Her hair was parted to one side, being held on by a small flower. He took a deep breath, suddenly finding it hard to breathe. He saw Roxanne's eyes fall on him. She bit her lip and quickly looked away as Tony grabbed her hand and escorted her to the car. Max turned away angrily, cursing. He hoped over to the fence and opened it, slamming it. \"Yo, dude, calm down.\" Bobby said behind him. \"Shhh.\" PJ whispered to Bobby. \"It's Roxanne.\" Max closed his eyes and a smile played on his lips. His mind was whirling. He had an idea. \"Guys. We're going out on a date. Get back in the van, and follow that car.\" Max said. The guys looked at each other nervously and gulped. UPDATE: I was originally planning on splitting this into two books, but then after talking with my friends I decided to keep it all on one. If you love Goofy as much as I do, then you won't care if this has a bazillion chapters! LOL. Anyways, I hope you are enjoying this story :) Let me know as always what you think in the comments below! I read all of them. They make me smile![Chapter 26] Bradley walked down toward his street, having taken the long way home. He had been doing a lot of thinking, and honestly he didn't know if he still wanted revenge on Max. Things had changed since the school year started. He had made real friends. People who actually gave a damn about him. There was Roxanne. Sweet Roxanne who knew nothing of his tormented nature. She had bothered to continue to talk to him, wanting to be his friend. And then there was Cora. He didn't know if they could call themselves friends, but he felt something else with her. He couldn't quite put his finger on it. He walked up his front steps, hearing the rest of the Gammas blaring their music. He groaned, not wanting to do anything but lie down and rest. \"Hey, Brad!\" He closed his eyes annoyed, recognizing the voice. \"What could you possibly want now?\" he asked, not bothering to turn around. \"We need to talk.\" He smirked, amused. \"What makes you think I have anything to talk to you , about, Jasmine?\" he asked, looking over his shoulder. She grabbed his hand and squeezed it, like she used to when they dated. \"We need to talk. Please.\" She begged, wrapping her arms around his. She made her way in front of him, her green eyes pleading. He felt his body react to her touch. \"Wh-what do you want?\" he asked, trying to remain focus. \"Let's go somewhere private.\" She whispered. Her finger trailed down his cheek, and he blinked rapidly, wanting to stay in control. Don't let her win, Bradley. You're over her… aren't you? He thought as he nodded. \"Fine. Where would you like to go talk?\" \"My place.\" She said with a smile. Reluctantly, he followed. Roxanne sat in the car, fumbling with her keys. She was nervous, more so because Max had seen her. Tony noticed and grabbed her hand, his thumb running on the back of her palm. She dropped her keys in shock, feeling her face burn. \"I hope I'm not over stepping my boundaries,\" he said as they came to a red light. She looked up at him, his handsome face looking like something out of a magazine. Why was he single? \"You're not.\" She said, sighing. He heart was pounding nervously, and it scared her. He wasn't him. The guy from France. And he wasn't Max either. He wasn't Max. \"Where are we going?\" she asked, wanting to change her thought patterns. \"I'm actually starving.\" \"GOOD! Because we're going to a nice Salvadorian restaurant, just outside campus.\" He said, smiling. \"Wow, okay. I'm looking forward to it.\" She responded smiling back. Once the car began to move she looked out the window, her hand still in his. Bradley hadn't been in the large condo apartment since his Freshman year. Nothing had changed much, except all the pictures that he had been in, were taken down and replaced with Max's. \"Why exactly did we have to come all the way to your place to talk?\" he asked, as he passed a frame containing Max's stupid face. He took it and placed it face down. \"I see how you look at Mikolaj's sister… what's her name?\" \"Cora? Are you kidding me? You brought me all the way here because of Cora?\" he asked, irritated. \"No, well, yes. Ugh, just sit down and let me explain, alright?\" Jasmine replied, irritated. Bradley hesitated but his feet were tired from all the walking. He took a seat on the dark brown sofa and stared at her, an eyebrow raised. \"Speak.\" He said, kicking his feet on top of her coffee table. \"I need your help.\" \"My help? In what way?\" he asked. \"I know you dislike Max, and Mikolaj personally doesn't want to loose to him. I could make Max loose, and then he'd loose the crown-\" Bradley stood up, shocked at what he had heard. \"Wait- are you seriously plotting against Max?\" Bradley asked, as the red head broke the distance between them. \"I know, it's weird. But my feelings have changed. It hurt me to see you with Cora.\" Jasmine said, frowning. \"You got to be kidding me, right? Am I right?\" Bradley asked, running his fingers through his hair. \"But you're Max's GIRLFRIEND.\" Before he could see it, Jasmine threw her arms around his neck and kissed him right on the mouth. Bradley stood there, his eyes wide open, not knowing what was going on. \"I'm still in love with you, Brad.\" Jasmine whispered. Bradley grabbed her tighter and kissed her back. \"You are crazy.\" PJ said as Max helped Bobby put on the bright yellow wig. \"I have no idea why I'm doing this guys.\" Max said, smiling. \"It's because you still have feelings for Roxanne.\" Bobby said, wearing a baby pink lipstick on his lips. Max bit his bottom lip. \"Whatever, I feel like we're in high school again.\" PJ said, shaking his head. \"I'm so glad we never got rid of Jasmine's old Halloween costume. It came in handy today.\" Max said, as Bobby looked like a disfigured Shirley Temple. \"Max, before we go in there and make a fool of ourselves, I want to know, what do you expect to get out of this? You're with Jasmine.\" PJ said, putting on a dark blue cap. Max sighed. What was he trying to do? \"I think I'm still in love with her, guys.\" Bobby and PJ looked at him and gasped. \"Dude, no. If Jasmine found out-\" Bobby started. \"She'll have our heads!\" PJ finished. \"I don't know guys. Jasmine and I have been very rocky lately. And I feel like something's off. I don't know if it's just because Roxanne's back in my life- but all I know is that right now I'm confused. Doesn't mean I can't try to figure out my feelings right?\" Max said, patting Bobby on the head. \"There. We're ready. You guys know what to do right?\" \"Yes. Find a booth near them, and hear their conversation. Try to sabotage.\" PJ said. \"I never said sabotage.\" Max corrected. \"You didn't have to.\" Bobby said, smirking. Max laughed. \"Okay, guys. I have my walkie-talkie. Keep me updated. I'll be looking through the binoculars.\" Max said, extending his fist. \"Team 99?\" \"TEAM 99!\" The three guys cheered, throwing their fists in the air.[Chapter 27] Hi! Sorry it's taken forever to write, I've been so busy with work, and school. For all those who have messaged me, thank you! And for those who write comments thank you so much! I love to read them, and don't worry, I am not working on the comic, it's tedious and I figured that after I finish, I'll do it. My focus is to make this story fun :) I hope you enjoy this chapter. I am going to try my hardest to update every Friday at least. Thank you guys for the support! xoxo, Silvia Roxanne smiled nervously as he directed her to the small booth by the window. There was a glass of champagne sitting in a cooler, small rose petals spread around it. \"They're very particular about details,\" Tony said, noticing her surprised expression. \"I can see,\" Roxanne said, placing her purse on her lap. \"Buenos Dias,\" a curvy waiter came towards them, her dark brown hair in a tight bun. \"I am Marisol, your server tonight. Can I start you off with some drinks?\" \"A water for me,\" Tony said, his eyes on Roxanne. She stared down at the menu in front of her, not wanting to look up. Her gaze landed on the drinks section of the menu. \"This sounds good, horchata, is it?\" she said, trying her best to pronounce the word. \"Yes, it's the most asked for drink in the house. Good choice- it'll be right out. I'll give you a second to look at the menu.\" Marisol said, walking away. \"Thank you again for bringing me here tonight,\" Roxanne said, not wanting an awkward silence to sit between them. \"Thank you for coming. Now enough of this small talk, it's a little irritating, don't you think?\" Tony stated, resting his hands on the table. He laughed at Roxanne's confused expression. \"Haha, sorry, I didn't mean for it to come out like that. I just want you to feel comfortable. Here, how about you tell me about you. What do you like to do? What's your major?\" \"Shhh, Bobby, I can't hear anything.\" PJ said, sitting a booth away from Roxanne and Tony. \"Easy for you to say, you're not the one in a push-up bra.\" Bobby wailed, tugging at his shirt. \" Guys, guys, you're bringing attention to yourself.\" Max's voice came softly through the walkie-talkie in PJ's lap. PJ looked up, looking at the curvy waiter staring at him, an eyebrow raised. \"Focus. Max's right. We're here to get the 411 that's all.\" PJ said, taking a sip of his water. \"Right.\" Bobby said, flicking away a blond curl from his face. \"They're talking about Majors, from what I can tell.\" Bobby said to PJ, who repeated it back to Max. \"Can you see anything Bro?\" PJ asked. \" Nah, Peej, it doesn't look like- wait, his hand is over Roxanne's!\" Max exclaimed, who was able to see everything from the car. \"We have to do something.\" Bobby said, turning around. \"Like what? We can't have her recognize us.\" PJ responded. \"Table for four, if you please.\" PJ froze, the voice giving him Goosebumps. \"Preferably a booth, see the missus doesn't like to sit in those hard chairs you guys put out. I don't know why, seeing as they're the worst things to sit on.\" \"Dude, are you all right?\" Bobby asked, noticing the sweat building up on PJ's face. PJ grabbed his hat and lowered it, trying to cover his face. \"This is a wonderful spot! Thank you. Goof, no I want this side. It doesn't bother you, right Sylvia?\" \"Not at all, thanks for inviting us to dinner, Pete.\" Sylvia said. \"Oh, Pete, honestly. Behave yourself. If you embarrass me, I swear you're sleeping in the van tonight.\" Peg said. PJ's face grew hot, his body on the urge of fleeing out of the restaurant. He forced his hand to grab the radio. \"Oh, my gosh. That's your folks!\" Bobby said, lowering his glasses. \"If my dad finds me here, I'm in so much trouble. He'll start to question me being here with you- and why I'm not studying. Oh my gosh this is bad.\" PJ said to the radio, his hand shaking. \"Dude, what are you talking about?\" Max asked. He hadn't seen the family come in. \"Our parents are here. Right now. We need to leave.\" PJ said. \"Here are your main dishes.\" Marisol interrupted, setting down a plate of carne asada and side dishes. \"Um, thank you.\" Bobby said, forgetting to make his voice sound more feminine. Marisol stared at him, confused. \"Haha,\" Bobby laughed, trying to sound like a little girl. \"I'm just so hungry.\" \"I can see that.\" Marisol said, setting down his plate in front of him and walking away quickly, looking once over her shoulder. \"That is bad. Ugh, why do these things have to happen to us! Listen to me, Get out NOW.\" Max said, afraid that they'll be exposed. \"How are we going to do that without bringing attention to ourselves?\" Bobby said, picking up his fork. \"We need a distraction. Man, why did he have to come to campus today?\" PJ moaned, his shoulders slumped. \"Look, dude! Roxanne's getting up! She spotted Max's old man.\" Bobby pointed out. Roxanne was indeed walking toward the table where Goofy and Pete were sitting, blocking their view from PJ and Bobby. \"This is our only chance.\" PJ said, \"We have to make a run for it.\" \"On three?\" Bobby confirmed. \"On three… three… two… one…\" Both guys ran out of the both, PJ holding tight on to his hat. Bobby was in front of him, stumbling because of the heels he was wearing. \"Dude, you need to go faster!\" PJ said, noticing the eyes of the customers around him. \"I'm trying! It's a lot harder than it looks-\" \"Where are you guys going?\" Marisol asked, stepping out in front of Bobby. He tripped, causing her to spill the drinks she was holding all over him. Bobby's wig went flying, landing on a couple's table. PJ ran into Bobby, both falling on the floor. Everything was silent except the sound of the glass cups breaking as they hit the floor. \"Dude, we're dead.\" Bobby said, his body underneath PJ's. \"Get off me!\" Marisol screamed, her hair drenched in punch. \"PEEEEEEEEEEEEEJAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYY.\"[Chapter 28] Bradley walked down the street towards his house, his shoulders hunched. After the kiss with Jasmine, he broke out from the apartment, not saying one word. The whole time he was kissing her, another person came to his mind. It felt so real that he believed that he was actually kissing her. He felt so guilty and he didn't understand why. \"Bradley?\" Speak of the devil. He turned to face her, noticing the sweat rolling down her forehead. She was red and out of breath. \"Cora? What are you doing out so late?\" He asked, noticing that she was wearing running gear. \"Trying to clear my head. How about you? Why are you slumped over like something's bit you in the ass?\" She joked, beaming up at him. He stood up straighter, embarrassed that she had noticed. \"I had to meet someone, and it didn't go too well.\" He said, knowing it was partially the truth. They stood in silence for what seemed like an eternity until she placed a soft hand on his shoulder. \"Do you need time alone?\" Bradley could feel the shift in her emotions, and he shook his head. \"Do you mind if I run with you? I want to think some things over.\" She smiled, rather surprised at his response but nodded. ... \"I'm so sorry about how our date went,\" said Tony, as he drove her back in his car. Roxanne wasn't paying much attention. She was still smiling at the idea that Max could have been spying on them. Is that what really happened? \"Roxanne?\" She jumped a little, being taken away from her thoughts. She felt guilty for thinking of such things. It wasn't as if it was true- could it? \"Sorry, I'm just a bit out of it today. Dinner went well, but I'm just tired.\" Tony sighed. \"I don't know what they were doing- do you think they're gay?\" Roxanne laughed. \"Oh No! Not at all. Believe me- those two were just trying to rattle up something.\" \"How do you know Max's dad?\" Tony asked, the car coming to a stop at a red light. Roxanne shifted uncomfortably in her seat. She had only told Bradley about her and Max. She didn't want any more people to know. After all it was something she wished hadn't happened at all. This is why she was always uneasy. \"We all went to high school together. The guys and I.\" she said, looking out the window. \"Oh.\" The car began to move again, and she shivered when Tony went and gently placed her hand on her leg and gave it a squeeze. \"I'll take you out on a better date, you wait.\" Did she want another date? She didn't know. If it was true that Max could be spying on her, maybe he was interested in her after all. What are you saying, Roxanne? There has to be another reason. This wasn't about her. Max was with Jasmine. ... \"Can I still be grounded?\" PJ asked, slumped over on the sofa. \"Dude,\" was all Bobby said as he sipped his soda. Max was sitting on the couch, looking out the window. He had his leg propped up on a pillow, his shirt off. After tonight he just wanted to go to bed, but he couldn't help but want to wait for Roxanne. He had felt so embarrassed when his dad had come out to find him in the van, confused. \"Do you think it was worth it?\" Mocha asked, rubbing PJ's stomach. He was shaking from nerves. His dad had yelled at him pretty bad. \"I'm sorry guys, I don't know what I was thinking.\" Max said, his eyes still focused on the house in front of him. \"I'm trying to avoid my parents at all cost.\" PJ said. \"You have to go talk to them and convince them that you and Bobby aren't an item.\" Mocha said, trying to suppress a laugh. PJ sighed. A car pulled up. Tony's car. Max peeped against the corner of the window so they wouldn't catch him spying. Again. Roxanne walked up to the front of the car, the headlights making her come into full view in the dark night. Tony stepped out, leaving the car on. They mumbled something and Roxanne went in for a hug, but Tony pulled her and kissed her right on the lips. \"NO!\" Max yelled out, and quickly shut the curtain. \"Woah, what happened bro?\" Bobby asked, his soda all over his shirt. \"I'm going to bed.\" Max grabbed his crutches, and without another word left the living room.[Chapter 29] Roxanne didn't know what to do. She stood there, her lips pressed tightly together. His lips felt strange, unfamiliar. He took a step back to look at her, smiling with his eyes. She cleared her throat. \"I'm sorry, if I came off too forward.\" Tony said, \"But I really like you. You're not like the other girls here.\" \"You barely know me.\" She said softly, her eyes moving toward his house. She wanted to talk to him. She wanted to see him. \"I know, but I want to, Roxanne. Can I take you out again?\" She wanted him to leave already. \"Sure, but I have to get going. Call me okay?\" His grinned. \"Of course.\" He gave her another kiss, but she turned her face so he ended up kissing her cheek instead. \"Goodnight, Roxanne.\" She waited for him to pull away before tightly grabbing her bag. She had to talk to him. There was no other reason why he should have been spying on her right? There couldn't. She walked across the street, her heart racing. If she didn't get answers, her mind would wander. She knew this already. What was she going to do? Before she could knock, the door flew open and PJ walked into her, throwing her off balance. He caught her before she could fall. \"Woah, dude. What are you doing here so late?\" Bobby peeped across PJ. \"Guys, give her space.\" Mocha walked out, her hair flawlessly falling down her shoulders. She was so beautiful. \"She's here for Max. I know she didn't come over here to chat with you two.\" \"Hehe, yeah. Is he up?\" Roxanne asked nervously. \"Upstairs, room at the end of the hall.\" Mocha said. \"I'd think he'd be very happy to see you.\" Max couldn't believe that he had lost her. He wasn't even with her, but he knew he had never stopped caring about her. She had left his life so suddenly and without warning. Of course his heart would recognize her in an instant. The door knocked. His groaned, not wanting to talk to anyone. \"Bobby, not know, please.\" He said, rubbing his temples. \"It's me.\" His heart jolted. It couldn't be. \"Can I come in?\" It was her. Why was she in his house? Act cool. Remain cool, Max… \"Uh, yeah, come in!\" She walked in, her red curls covering her left eye like it always did. It took his breath away. \"I want to make this quick.\" She said, closing the door behind her. \"Why were you spying on me?\" He could feel the sweat starting to trail down his temples. What should he do? Tell the truth? No, she has a boyfriend now. Don't ruin anything for her. Don't confuse her… \"We weren't there to spy on you.\" He laughed, trying to stop himself from hiving anything away. \"We were there for the- waitress.\" She raised an eyebrow. \"Really? Because both PJ and Bobby were in drag- well not Bobby, but you know what I mean.\" \"I'm sorry, I ruined your date with Tony. But I wasn't there for you.\" Once he had said those words her felt a sharp jab in his chest. \"I wish I could believe that, Max. I can't believe I'm even saying this! But am I really the only one that feels this way? Am I the only one that can't forget the past, Max?\" He could see her tears building up behind her brown eyes. He forced himself up from his bed. \"Roxy, what- what are you talking about?\" he asked, calling her by her nickname that he had given to her after he had asked her to be his girlfriend back in sophomore year. \"It's hard to see you again. It's so hard, Max.\" a tear rolled down her cheek. She started shaking. \"I better just say everything now, so we can move forward with our lives. I still care about you… I still hurt from that incident in prom. I still hurt from seeing how fast you moved on without me. I didn't think I would feel this ever again, Max.\" She started crying. He hopped over to her, putting her arms around her. He squeezed her, and he felt complete. She felt warm, he could feel her breaking down in front of her. \"Roxanne, I never, I never meant to hurt you.\" He said, feeling his voice crack. He didn't want to cry. She looked up at him, her mascara running down her cheeks. \"I'm so sorry, for everything. I wish I could back and change everything. I would have fought harder for you… now look at us. We're standing here, and I feel like it's my second chance. I need you, Roxanne. I let you go. That was my mistake.\" \"I want us both to be happy. I want to forget you, Max Goof.\"[Chapter 30] Max couldn't sleep that night. Everything had happened too fast. He tossed and turned... remembering how she had squeezed his hand, smiled and walked away from him. Like an idiot, he just stood there and watched her walk away… again. Is it really too late to say sorry now? He looked down at his leg, which was still healing and bothering him a little. He was tired of limping. Everything that could go wrong did. If only he could call her… but it was 4am… he couldn't. What are you doing Max? You're with Jasmine. She's with Tony. Let them be. He grabbed his remote and turned his T.V on. Powerline was on MTV, his videos playing back to back. Going to Stand Out... until you notice me. He found himself singing along to the song, something he hadn't done in years. It gave him a feeling of hope, just like it had back in freshman year of high school. He had to do something. If it meant ruining his relationship, losing the title as King, becoming less popular, than so be it. But he was determined to win her back. He picked up his phone and began to dial Jasmine's number. Roxanne woke up to the sound of someone screaming outside her window. She jumped over her dresser to get a better look, and saw the flaming red head throwing things at Max's doorstep. It was still dark out. \"Roxanne, what's all that noise?\" Stacey asked, walking into her room, her eyes half closed. \"Something's going on over at Max's.\" she whispered, her attention focused on the house across the street. The lights on Max's window turned on and she saw Bobby poke his head out. \"OPEN THE DOOR NOW MAX!\" Jasmine yelled. \"YOU WILL NOT END THINGS WITH ME OVER THE PHONE.\" \"Um, Jasmine, dude, he says he will talk to you later. Um, okay stop throwing stuff.\" Bobby yelled from the window. A book nearly missed his face as it flew past him. \"Oh goodness. Oh no! What is she doing?\" Stacey asked running over. \"I think, I think Max broke up with her.\" Roxanne said softly, not knowing how to feel. She went numb. She felt Stacey's eyes on her. \"I'm going to bed.\" She said, closing the blinds. \"Woah, aren't you happy about this?\" Stacey asked, confused. \"Isn't this what you wanted?\" \"Stace, I never said that. I didn't want to hurt anyone. I wanted to get over Max. To move past everything. I didn't expect him to do anything. \" Roxanne said, feeling guilty. \"What? Why are you being like this?\" \"Because Max hasn't changed! You really think he will just drop everything to TRY to be with me? He cares more about image. I bet you anything he will get back with her. Besides,\" she took a seat on her bed. \"I'm with Tony now.\" Stacey shook her head. \"What?\" \"Roxy, you don't like Tony that way. I know you.\" Stacey said, taking a set next to her. \"Max just comes with too much baggage for me. Too much to take in. I'm not ready for any of that. Please, Stace, understand.\" Roxanne said, each word she said felt like a jab at her heart. Max was the guy she loved. LOVED. She knew she still loved him. But how could she get past everything he did, and on top of that deal with the life he had made for himself. She wasn't into anything he did. She didn't drink, she didn't party. She didn't like attention. She felt her tears forming again. She needed to stop. She needed to close off her heart for good. The tears faded. Bradley couldn't believe they had run for so long. He was out of breath, but felt at peace. For once. Cora was braiding her hair, sweat rolling down her temples. He looked at his watch. It was nearly five in the morning. \"Do you feel better?\" Cora asked, her eyes landing on him. He felt nervous all of a sudden. She had this weird effect on him. \"Um, yeah. That run helped so much.\" He said, taking a deep breath. Something bad was coming. He could feel it in his bones. \"What happened? If you don't mind me asking?\" There it was. The bad feeling. \"Uh, just, um.\" Why couldn't he find the right words? Why was he so afraid to tell her the truth? He looked away from her, noticing that it helped not to have to stare at her lovely eyes. \"Honestly, I think I fucked up.\" He tried to pick his words carefully. \"I kinda ran into my ex.\" He looked over at her, noticing that she had tensed up. Her mouth was in a straight line but she nodded and continued braiding her hair. He took a deep breath, confused as to why this felt so hard to say. \"She's involved with some other guy and, well, I ended up kissing her.\" He heard Cora let out a deep breath. At that moment all he wanted to do was hold her. What the hell, Bradley? He turned. It was that evil voice again. They had been sitting on a bench next to a small pond. The moon was still shining down, making the water sparkle magically under the white light. It was a beautiful sight, all except for his reflection, which was standing in the water, arms crossed. Why do you care what you say in front of her? She's your competition. Bradley tried to ignore the voice and turned his body to face Cora. Her cheeks had gone pale. \"Do you have feelings for her?\" Cora asked softly. You know you do Bradley, be honest. Jasmine has been on your mind since the day she left you. Bradley could feel his face getting hot. This evil Bradley, as he liked to call him, was doing too much right now. \"Not anymore,\" he responded to the evil Bradley. \"You don't?\" Cora asked. \"Huh?\" Bradley looked back at her again. \"Oh yeah, right. No, I don't.\" \"Then why did you kiss her?\" she asked. \"You don't do things like with someone you don't have feelings for. At least, I don't.\" Ahahahahah, I think she likes you. You need to let her down easily now Brad, because we both know you did more than just kiss her. You called it a kiss didn't you? After you left her apartment? I'm in your mind Bradley, you know I'm right. You said you kissed her. C'mon. Bradley closed his eyes, feeling frustrated. It was true. He had done more. He couldn't explain why. It just happened. No feelings attached. Nothing. He was thinking about Cora the whole time. But why did any of that matter? \"It's getting late, I think I'm going to get going.\" Cora said, standing up. \"No! You can't go yet.\" Bradley said, trying to focus. The evil Bradley was laughing, and it was distracting. \"It was nice running with you, maybe some other time?\" Cora said and before he could say anything she began to jog away from him. He watched her go, feeling like shit. \"I know that I let you down. Is it too late to say sorry now?\" Bradley said to himself.[Chapter 31] \"Welcome Ladies and Gents to this Year's Special X-Games: International Edition. Welcoming to our humble arena are the Greek Gods of Europe MEGALOS.\" Roxanne watched as the Megalos trio stepped up into the shiny black platform, their Purple and Black uniform making them stand out from the rest. Roxanne was eager to see Max's team come out, even though she knew he wouldn't be participating himself. It was a different feeling watching the games up close. In France she had to always stay up late into the night, secretly cheering Max on from her bedroom. Not anymore. \"Now, everyone knows who our King is...\" The host was saying, his face bouncing off all flat screens available. The screen changed and Max was on, his uniform on and standing, the crutch under his arm. \"Hey Guys, Max here. Unfortunately, due to an accident I had earlier, I won't be participating in the X-Games Tryout this year. \" Groans and Boos from the audience began to rumble all around Roxanne. She looked over at Stacey who grabbed her hand and patted it gently. \"But not to fear. I trust in my team. And I won't be off for long. Your King will not disappoint, I promise! Enjoy and good luck to all the teams!\" The screens turned black and Roxanne looked around to see the people cheering, holding up Team 99's banner and logos. She had never seen so much support for one person. She was in awe the whole time until Bradley's team came up to the podium, all serious. The cheers stopped. There were no Gamma banners, or Gamma supporters. No one cheered. No one said a word. Bradley didn't seem faded by it. She had never noticed this when she had watched the Games in Europe. But again she had been watching it through a TV. Before she could completely think about what she was doing, she took Stacey's hand and together they stood up, eyes on them. \"GO GAMMAS GO! GO GAMMAS GO! GO GAMMAS GO GO GO!\" they sounded like cheerleaders but she didn't care. Bradely was her friend. She had told them she supported them and support she was. The screens flicked on to them, her bright red hair reflecting on all the screens in the arena. \"What do we have here? A Gamma fan club? Guys this is going to be a great year for the Games. I feel it. Now let's get this started!\" The host snapped his fingers and the anthem started... ... Bradley couldn't believe it. Someone was cheering for him. Someone was cheering for HIS team. He looked over at the screens and saw Roxanne and Stacey, yelling at the top of their lungs, an old Gamma Cheer he hadn't heard in five long years. His spirits lifted and he felt like he wouldn't disappoint. If anything he wouldn't do this for his pride, but for them, his friends. \"Look Boss we have fans!\" Don said waving at the girls. Bradley nodded. The last task was the 5 mile cycle race. He had no problem passing eveyrone else, even Team 99, but the only one he couldn't catch was Mikolaj, who was racing at top speed, his bike looking almost as if it were gliding. Bradley pedaled as fast as he could but couldn't reach him. The sweat burned his eyes, his vision becoming blurry. He was in second place, all without cheating. All without calculating some ridiculous plan. He looked over his shoulder and saw Bobby pedaling closely behind. He remembered Roxanne and Stacey's cheer. This was the last part of the Games. He had come in second in everything else besides the rock climb. Don had tripped and fell, automatically putting them in 5th place for that event. Bradley swerved right, almost running into a pothole. He had to focus. They had never done this well before. He wanted to prove to her that he was somebody. Prove to who? His mind drifted to her freckled face and he smiled. Cora. He was thinking about Cora. He had to make things right with her. Friendships weren't based on lies now where they? \"Get OFF the road Brad\" he heard Mikolaj's voice screaming at him. \"THIS IS MY RACE.\" Bradley hadn't noticed he had caught up to him, both men nearly neck and neck. He didn't want to lose now, so he went back to thinking about her, the way she ran with him the other night and he felt complete. How he had felt happiness with her the night of her birthday. How it was her he had wanted to kiss. He almost tripped as the rope hit his midsection, making him lose balance. He heard a whistle blow and he stood, dumbfounded as the crowd went crazy yelling his name. \"BRADLEY BRADLEY BRADLEY!\" ... Max slammed his fist hard against his wheelchair, too tired to keep standing. He had been standing the whole time, watching the games unfold in front of him. He watched as The Gammas excelled in almost everything, right behind Megalos. How? How could they have changed so much? Team 99 had come in third to them. Megalos first, the Gammas second and Team 99 in third. They had barely placed. \"You guys did your best and I'm proud of you.\" Mocha said, entering their locker room. \"Thanks babe,\" PJ responded, taking off his helmet. \"I don't know what got into the Gammas. They were something else.\" \"That was unacceptable. They must have been cheating- something must have been off-\" Max started \"They did not cheat.\" Roxanne had walked into the door, Stacey right behind her. \"What are you doing here?\" Max asked, his tone harsh. \"You're not for team 99.\" \"So that means I can't come and congratulate you?\" Roxanne snapped. The room was eerily quiet, everyone watching the pair. \"I saw what you did out there. You cheered on OUR competitors. The whole world saw you. If you're for them you're not for us.\" Max spat, hurt. \"Max-\" Bobby started, placing a hand on his shoulders. \"No!\" Max pushed him off, his face hot. \" I don't know if you're here to spy on us. But you can't be friends with us and be friends with Bradley too.\" Roxanne's mouth opened, surprised. She shook her head and walked out, leaving Stacey behind. Stacey stared down at Max, her eyes piercing. \"You are so wrong, Max Goof. We were never friends.\" She walked out, slamming the door behind her. \"STACEY!\" Bobby ran after her, and Max sighed, feeling uneasy.[Chapter 32] It was great to think about something else other than Max Goof. This party was going to be the biggest social thing she had ever done. Stacey had ordered their food to be catered, so they had set up the backyard into a mini buffet style, red and black banners sprawled over all the tables. She wasn't going to throw a trashy party- no. That had never been her style at all. She was going to show everyone that Roxanne had class. No one was going to walk into her home to trash up the place. She placed the last cupcake on the edge of the table and admired her work. Everything looked perfect. \"Roxanne! I'm done in the living room.\" Bradley came out, his forehead sweaty. The rest of the Gammas followed behind him. \"You have a lot of heavy furniture.\" Garlden said, a tall red head who was part of Bradley's team. \"Well, we want a dance floor don't we?\" Stacey said, pushing her way through the set of guys. \"Everything looks wonderful! But we really only have two hours to get dressed and all that.\" Roxanne chuckled. Stacey was dressed in her finest blue dress, with tall heels to match. She looked ready to her. \"Calm down, little lady, I think we're all done, right guys?\" Bradley exclaimed while the guys whistled at Stacey. \"Oh come off it.\" Stacey said annoyed, but with a slight smile playing on her lips. \"Thanks, for hosting this party for us.\" Bradley said to Roxanne. \"It's great to have your support. You have no idea how grateful we are.\" \"No problem,\" she smiled. \"You still have to sing a song with me later on that Karaoke machine of yours.\" \"It's a deal.\" Bradley said, grinning. He waved and the guys followed him out of the house. \"We'll see you at 7!\" \"You're not serious?\" PJ asked, waving his hands in the air. \"How are we NOT going to throw a party? When the Gammas are having their own party across the street?\" \"Yeah Max, what's the deal bro. You just went and cancelled all our plans.\" Bobby said, arms crossed. \"We are not celebrating a failure-\" Max started. \"A failure? We PLACED man.\" Bobby said. \"Even without you there we placed.\" \"I SAID NO. THAT'S FINAL.\" Max yelled, annoyed. \"I am not going to walk around as if we have anything to be proud of. In 4 years we came second to Bradley and third to a new team!\" \"I'm not staying here for this.\" Mocha grabbed her leather jacket from the back of her chair. \"You guys did the best you could, considering the circumstances. Max of all people you should have been rejoicing. You held the team together. You always scored the best on these try-outs. This time the guys didn't have you to fall back on. And they placed. So cry about it all you want. And personally, I don't think the Gammas cheated. Let it eat your heart out. I've seen them on the slopes. If anything that ex of yours is changing Bradley for the better. And that's why I'm going over to their party. The fancy invitation in your mailbox says we're all invited.\" Max's jaw dropped. The room was silent as Mocha's heels tapped on the floor. She gave PJ a kiss and walked out, slamming the door behind her. \"I- I think I have to go.\" PJ said, his face a little hurt. \"I'm not letting her go alone. See you guys later.\" \"Not you too.\" Max blurted out. Everyone was walking out on him. \"What do you want Max? To stay here and mope about today's failure? \" PJ said, turning to look at him. \"Tony quit because of what you said to Roxanne. Mocha walked out because you don't consider us good enough to celebrate. So tell me what you want from us?\" Max couldn't believe what he was hearing. He knew he was letting his pride get the better of him. The guys had tried their best. He saw it. His anger had stemmed from the fact that Bradley was getting all of Roxanne's attention. She was routing for him, throwing him a party. He looked back up at PJ but he had walked out. Bobby shook his head and followed. He was now alone. She had never worn makeup before. But she wanted to try it for him. \"I think this is where the blusher goes.\" Stacey had said, dabbing her cheek with a large white puff. Roxanne took the brush and gently slid it across her cheek, an expert in contour. It was one good thing that came from working at a makeup store in France. She had learned to finally put makeup on the right way. \"You think it's not too much?\" Roxanne asked as Stacey went in with Mascara. \"Sheesh Roxanne, you're fifteen now. You're basically a grown woman. Stop blinking-\" Roxanne took her eyelash curler and curled her eyelashes. She applied her favorite mascara, making her brown eyes pop. She had made her eyeliner thicker than usual, wanting to be more bold tonight. She had gone for the smokey look. \"Okay, now you have to wear lipstick. Lipgloss is so middle school.\" Stacey said, untubing a bright red lipstick. \"Uhhh, I think I'm going to pass on that Stace.\" Roxanne said nervously. \"You're right. He will kiss you tonight on your date. No use in wasting this.\" \"Stacey! We are just going out to the movies. Nothing else.\" Roxanne said, her face getting hot. She took out her favorite nude liner and lipstick. She hadn't glammed up like this in a long time. Her hair was straight, something she had never done. Stacey insisted... and she liked how it turned out. Her hair was down to her waist now. She walked down the steps, her heart pounding. He was waiting for her outside, on their first official date. She was wearing a bright yellow dress and white converse. She wanted to be comfortable. Stacey had tied her hair up in a large bun, wanting her to look different than what she looked at school. She felt her mouth go dry as she opened the door. Max was standing there, flowers in his hands. He ran up to her, almost tripping on the wooden floorboard beneath him. \"Wow, you look, amazing, Roxanne.\" He said, holding out the flowers for her. She giggled nervously. \"So do you. I like your fake tuxedo shirt.\" She said, pointing at the t-shirt he was wearing. It had a little bowtie on it. \"It was all I had that made me look somewhat fancy.\" He said grinning. \"Come on, I promise it won't be scary.\" \"What won't be scary?\" she asked. Why was she thinking of her first date with Max? She shook her head. That had been years ago. Remembering made her heart pang. The words he had said to her earlier had hurt her all over again. She stood up from her vanity and placed her nude heels on. She couldn't believe she looked good. She was wearing a tight black dress, with a silver choker necklace, one with a small diamond in the middle. She was surprised she still had it. Max had given it to her when he had asked her prom. She should have thrown it out that night, but she couldn't. For some reason it always brought great comfort to her. No one would recognize this necklace. It wasn't as if Max was going to be at her party. Max couldn't believe he was standing outside the Gammas party. He had worn his best dress shirt and pants, and insisted on leaving the wheelchair at home. He was only on one clutch, which he needed to limp his way over. He had to make things right. To everyone. To apologize. Stacey opened the door, looking like a model out of vogue. He couldn't believe that this was the same Stacey he had grown up with. Her hair was tasseled up, 80s style. She wore large pearl earrings. \"Yeah, what do you want?\" she said. Bobby came from behind, holding what looked like a champagne cup. \"I wanted to apologize. For my behavior today. I'm a sore loser.\" Max sad, rubbing the back of his head. \"Maxy my boy! Babe- let him in.\" Bobby said, planting a kiss on her cheek. \"No. I'm not the one that he has to apologize to.\" Stacey said. \"I know. And I want to make it up to her. Let me in please?\" Max pleaded. Stacey sighed. \"All right. But before I let you in, I must tell you this isn't the type of parties your people throw. This is classy. No red cups. No drunks. And absolutely invitation only. Got that?\" Stacey said, making room for him to pass. Max nodded. \"Yes, I got it.\" Max said relived. \"Thanks again.\" He walked in, taking in the view. He had never seen a party like it. They had turned the living room into a small dance floor, with lights and smoke projectors everywhere. Powerline was playing off the speakers as usual. He caught Bobby and Mocha on the dance floor, everyone cheering them on. He looked around for Roxanne, but he couldn't see her. Maybe she was in the backyard. Before he could hop his way to the yard, he saw a figure coming down the steps, her delicate hands holding on the railing. She hadn't spotted him. She was looking at the dance floor as well, looking nervous. He felt his chest tighten. She looked radiant. He had never seen her look this beautiful. Her long red hair trailed behind her, no curls hiding her face. She walked with an elegance he had never seen on anyone. She wore the highest heels, yet she dominated them as if she were walking barefoot. He forgot how to move. He stood there, watching her from the shadows. Everyone on the dance floor turned to look at her. Whistles and cheers erupted as the song changed and she made her way to them. From the crowd Bradley appeared, clapping his hands. He was beckoning her forward. She shook her head. \"Come on! One dance!\" He said. She giggled and Stacey pushed behind her edging her forward. She nodded and everyone made a circle as she began to dance with Bradley. Claps began to sound as the song became more upbeat. He sighed. He couldn't do this. He couldn't ruin her night. \"She's something isn't she?\" Max turned to his right. He hadn't seen her standing there. \"When did you get here?\" Max asked. \"Earlier for the games. PJ told me that this party was going on. This isn't my first college party, but it's the best I've been to so far.\" Pistol said. \"So I begged my dad to let me come.\" Pistol had grown up so quick. She was in her senior year of high school, and the most popular girl at his old high school. To think that the annoying little girl from his childhood would have turned out the way she did. She looked exactly like her mom. Max couldn't deny it. She was hot. \"Why don't you go up to her instead of roaming over here?\" Pistol asked. \"I remember how cute you guys were when we were younger. She was always around. What happened?\" \"It's in the past.\" Max said, a little frustrated. \"Well, I hope you're planning on getting her back. I loved Roxanne. It's great to see her again. She looks good, huh?\" Pistol said smirking. \"Yeah, she does.\" Max said softly. \"Pistol! There you are.\" PJ came out from the crowd, waving his hand. He stopped when he saw Max standing next to her. \"Hey, man. I didn't know you were here.\" PJ said. It was clear he felt uncomfortable. \"Yeah, look Peej, I'm sorry about earlier. That's why I came over. We gotta celebrate our victory right?\" Max held out his fist. PJ broke out into a grin and instead hugged him. \"Yo, I'm glad we are all good.\" Bobby threw himself ontop of them, and Max could feel the weight on his leg began to cause him pain. \"Guys, I can't- hold on-\" He fell to the floor, Pistol next to him and a laughing PJ ontop. He felt everyone's eyes on them. He found Roxanne's brown eyes among them, shocked. He saw her look at Stacey, who shrugged apologetically. Roxanne shook her head and marched away.[Chapter 33] Bradley couldn't believe that Max had showed up at his party. A party for the Gammas. How he wanted to brag and rub it in his face, but Roxanne's reaction was more than enough for the Goof kid. Did he feel pity? Of course he did. Part of him was ashamed of what he had done to Max at the beginning of the year. He wasn't himself, and he didn't know if he could ever forgive himself for going to such a dark place. But he knew he wasn't rid of evil Bradley just yet. The fact that he wanted to go embarrass Max made his hand shake from anticipation. He knew he was resisting. He looked down at his cup of champagne and decided it was best to not drink anymore for the night. He didn't want to deal with evil Bradley tonight. Tonight was about his victory. The right way. \"You think it's that easy to get rid of me?\" Bradley froze, his heart pounding. Even with the music blaring the guy's words were so clear, as if he'd been standing right next to him. He turned around to face the DJ who was mixing his tunes, unaware of the Evil Brad standing next to him. \"You're not real.\" Bradley found himself saying. He couldn't believe his luck. Evil Bradley wasn't in a reflection anymore, but standing in the flesh, behind the DJ. \"Oh, but I am Brad. And your victory made me that much more stronger.\" Evil Brad said, tapping the DJ on the shoulder. The DJ looked up, surprised to see Bradley staring at him. Had he felt that? Bradley felt the sweat beginning to form at the back of his neck. He rubbed it forcefully, wanting the image to go away. \"So go on. Go pour that drink on Max's face. It's the least he deserves. Congrats on our victory Bradley. This wouldn't have happened if Max had been in the round, but thanks to you he wasn't.\" Evil Bradley laughed. Bradley shook his head, wanting to remain calm. He wasn't going to let this get to him. Not tonight. He walked over to the Goof kid, startling everyone around him when he outstretched his hand. Max looked shocked and hesitated, but took it. He heard Evil Bradley curse. He looked over his shoulder. He was gone. \"Thanks dude,\" Goof said, clearly uncomfortable. Bradley could only manage to nod, and set his cup down on the counter next to them. Before any type of conversation could resume he walked away, needing to get air. He found Roxanne outside, standing by the fence. She was eating one of the sandwich platters he had ordered from the deli. When she saw him she smiled. \"Is everything okay?\" he asked, grabbing a sandwich for himself. He bit into it. Tomato mozzarella. She sighed and shook her head. \"It's Max right?\" he said, not knowing if she wanted to talk about it or not. \"It's that obvious huh?\" she said. \"Well, yeah.\" They both stood in silence for a while, watching as the people in the party enjoy themselves. He hadn't seen a scene like this since he was the king of X games. It was nice to have people on his side again. From what Stacey had said, she had to kick out a bunch of people who hadn't been officially invited. \"He had said some mean things to me back at the games today- because I had been cheering for you instead.\" Roxanne randomly said. Bradley wasn't surprised. \"Max has a huge Ego. I know it killed him for you not to cheer for him.\" Bradley said chuckling. \"That's how I felt when Jasmine switched sides on me the year after Max came. It hurt my pride.\" \"I'm sorry about Jasmine,\" Roxanne said. He could hear the sincerity in her voice. \"No worries. It was for the best. But you shouldn't let this keep you from having fun. I don't know why I'm being so nice today- he is my rival after all- but I'm sure he wouldn't dare be here if he wasn't sorry about today.\" Bradley said. \"I guess you're right.\" She said. \"I'm so glad I ran into you at the library.\" Bradley smiled. \"Me too. You have no idea. C'mon, lets go back in and get this party going. We still have the sing off we agreed to remember?\" \"Please, for tonight could you not say anything to Roxanne?\" Stacey had said to him after Roxanne had walked off. \"She's not to happy about you being here.\" \"I could leave-\" he said, not wanting to cause anymore drama. \"No. She needs to see that you aren't just giving up. When she is ready she will come up to you. Understand?\" Stacey said. Max nodded. He watched Stacey go up to the DJ as Roxanne and Bradley walked in. He hadn't expected that nice gesture from Bradley. He hadn't said some smart remark, or rubbed the victory in his face. It was just not like him. \"Well guys! This pretty little lady here tells me it's time for the sing-alongs to get going! Let's hand out the mic's. Whose going first?\" the DJ announced. People cheered all raising their hands but it was Bradley who walked up to the DJ, grabbing both the mic's. \"It's going to start with us.\" Bradley said, extending his hand. Roxanne looked nervous but took it, smiling. Max couldn't help but feel jealous of their friendship. He and Roxanne didn't even have that. All because he couldn't keep his feelings on lock. \"What do you guys have planned?\" The DJ asked. \"Play ' Dance me to the End of Love' by the Civil Wars \" Roxanne said. Max's eyebrows shot up. Was she really going to sing? Could she even sing? The song started, the calming guitar solo making everyone sway. When the Roxanne opened her mouth, he couldn't believe what he was hearing. \" And dance me, to the end of love, please dance me, to the end of love.\" She said, her voice so soothing he couldn't believe what he was hearing. Bradley was just as impressive. They both sounded professional, not a note missed. People started clapping to the beat and Max felt his heart drop. He was falling more in love with this girl with everything new he was learning from her. It was as if he had never known the real Roxanne. \" Oh, let me see your beauty when the witnesses are gone , Let me feel you moving like they do in Babylon , Show me slowly what I only know the limits of..\" Bradley sang, making Max's skin crawl. He never knew this side of Brad either. \"Wow.\" Cora had walked in, her eyes focused on Bradley. \"They are amazing.\" Max said as her eyes reflected something Max knew too well. \"They're more than amazing.\" She said, watching as Roxanne and Bradley slowly ended the song. Loud cheers began to erupt from the party, and Max could help but hop over to the DJ. \" I want a turn.\" He told the DJ, looking over at Roxanne. \"We have a whole line of people waiting.\" The DJ said. \"Let him have a go. It's okay Don.\" Bradley said, handing the mic to Max. \"Thanks man.\" Max said. Bradley nodded and went back into the cheering crowd. Max what are you getting yourself into? He thought as he whispered the name of the song to Don. \"Yo, Go ahead MAXXX!\" Bobby said, throwing his fist in the air. \"Show em!\" \"Good luck dude!\" PJ said, slapping him on the back. The rest of the party got silent as he held on to the mic awkwardly, not knowing if he could do this again. He looked over at Roxanne, her face worried. Roxanne couldn't believe Max was going to sing. She had remembered what he had said their senior year. He was never going to sing after that whole powerline fiasco he pulled their freshman year. And back then he wasn't even singing she had told him. It was all lip sync. So when 'EYE to EYE' by Powerline began to play, she felt her heart stop. He had played this song for her the day he had asked her out to be his girlfriend. Why did he have to sing this song? Could he sing? \" I got myself a notion, One I know that you'll understand, to set the world in motion, By reaching out for each other's hand. Maybe we'll discover what we should have known all along, One way or another, together's where we both belong.\" The crowd at the party was going crazy as Max killed the song. He sounded just like Powerline. She couldn't believe it. People were beginning to dance to the all knowing dance moves that came with the song. Max couldn't really dance because of his injuries, but his stage presence was just as she had remembered it back in freshman year. His eyes never left hers. He wanted her to know that he was singing for her. He chose this song because he wanted her to know how he felt. Damn if only he could dance, he would show all of them who Max Goof really was. He hadn't felt this comfortable in years. He had forgotten how much he loved to do this. \" And maybe love is the reason why, for the first time ever, we're seeing it Eye to Eye\" He went up to her, knowing that this part of the song is what he wanted her to hear, if she listened to any part at all. She blushed as he got closer, and he smiled, gripping the mic tighter. \" If a wall should come between us, to high to climb, to hard to break through, I know that love will lead us, And find a way to bring me to you, So don't be in a hurry. Think before you count us out. You don't have to worry, I won't ever let you down…\" He noticed her hands tremble and a smile broke from her. She began laughing. \" For the first time-\" he began and heard another voice join him. \" SEEING IT EYE TO EYEEEEEE.\" Roxanne had sang, ripping the solo that one woman had in the song. Max couldn't believe it. This couldn't have gone any more perfect. They both ended the song, and when it ended, she threw her arms around him.[Chapter 34] She didn't know where she stood with Max. They hadn't spoken in days, and she found it weird he had stopped trying to fix things. And then that thing with Bradley. What was she thinking? She didn't know what to do. Now she was here, with Mikolaj at his party- and everything about it felt off. \"More wine?\" he asked her as they sat in the pool, music blasting. People were getting really wasted, pouring liquor straight into people's open mouths. She nodded, feeling uncomfortable for the first time in her life. He poured her red wine, whistling as he did so. She knew she loved Max, and she had loved Bradley once upon a time. And something was still there with Brad- the way they had kissed in her apartment brought her back to their freshman year. And now here she was, sitting in the steps of a pool with a cheater. Yes. Mikolaj had cheated to get in first place at the games. He bribed one of the judges to give them the highest score possible. Which judge? That she didn't know. And now he wanted her help. \"So, will you help me?\" he asked her, trailing his finger down her arm. She chugged down the wine, not knowing what to say. She knew she had issues. She knew that she was attracted to Mikolaj because he was popular and held power. She had always been attracted to strong men. Bradley never mentioned to her that he cheated when they were together- so obviously she thought he had won the X-Games by pure skill. So their sophomore year when the whole arena had displayed what cheaters the Gammas were- she felt betrayed, and decided to take Max's offer for a date at his party. That's how her and Max had gotten together. But this X-Games had been different. Bradley hadn't cheated. And he came in second. Max didn't even compete, but she knew that if he did he would have beaten Mikolaj. She knew this. And the most important thing was that these guys had fallen in love with her. Mikolaj wasn't in love with her. She knew when a guy was interested in her. He wasn't. He just needed her. What was she supposed to do? \"Wow, slow down. Here.\" He stated, grabbing her cup and filling it up with more wine. She said nothing, her thoughts all jumbled up. \"Jasmine- I need you to be on board for this. For me, love.\" He said, pushing her closer to him. She could smell the liquor on his breath. He kissed her cheek and the neck, startling her. \"You want me to dump Max and date Bradley.\" She whispered, trying to imagine it. Did she want to do this? \"Yes, darling. I need to know what he's dong, how he managed to almost beat me today. I know he's hiding something.\" Mikolaj said, frowning. \"How will I know if he'd even take me back?\" Jasmine asked, getting annoyed. It wasn't as easy as he was making it out to be. \"You guys have history. I know you can do this. And once this is all over you and I can be together, love, isn't that what you want?\" He asked. Jasmine closed her eyes, took another large gulp of wine and when she opened it- she gasped. He was holding up a nice ring, a silver thin ring, with a large stone ruby in the middle. \"I am serious about you Jasmine. But I need to know that you're in it for me. That you won't betray me.\" Jasmine didn't know what to say. No one had ever gave her something so lovely, so valuable. Maybe he did love her . \"Okay,\" she blurted out. \"I'll do it.\" He smiled, pouring more wine into her cup. \"That's what I like to hear, love… that's what I like to hear.\" \"They got the footage from the store.\" Sylvia said, as they dined at a lovely French restaurant. \"Oh, really?\" Goofy asked, biting into his buttered bread. \"Darn, hopefully something is on it that we can use.\" \"I believe so, but it'll take a few months before we hear anything. They are busy with other cases, and this isn't priority since Max is doing fine.\" Sylvia said, taking a sip of her white wine. \"I wonder what Maxie is doing.\" Goofy said. \"He's with his friend's at Roxanne's.\" Sylvia said, smiling. She had spoken to Max before dinner. \"I like Roxanne. She's such a nice girl. I always thought Maxie was going to end up with her.\" \"Who knows Goofy? They seem to be hitting it off nicely.\" Sylvia turned to the waiter who was walking by holding a clear bottle. \"May we get some more wine please?\" \"I think we should stop by his party.\" Goofy said, standing up. \"I miss spending time with him Sylvia.\" \"Goofy, sit down, please.\" She said, trying not to laugh. \"We just got here.\" \"Oh- right.\" He said. \"I could have sworn we were done.\" \"Maybe we could stop by afterwards? How does that sound?\" Sylvia said, knowing all too well that Max would want to spend time with his friends. The less time he spent with Goofy, the better they got along. Max was a teenager after all.[Chapter 35] Hi all! I'm having trouble uploading on here, but I've been actively posting on Wattpad under the name lovelyfairy18 if you all want to keep reading more of the next chapters! Sorry for the long absence, Wattpad is much easier for me to write on the go, so that's what I do. Anyways, I'll continue to try to fix the problem here. Thanks for all your support! Silvia ","Summary":" Roxanne sat on her bed, looking at old photos of her from high school. She had dated Max, the nerd "}]