[{"Movie":"Philadelphia","Title":"No More","Author":"swanofakind","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2257769","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sometimes, I wish I could lose myself in these books, stacked castle walls around me, Get lost in pages of Laws, black and white on paper that blur to gray, mysteriously, as they pass over human lips. No more judgment, no more standing up to fight, no more piercing eyes, condemning words furtive, nervous glances in my direction: I'm a disease no one wants to catch. No more demeaning, defacing, teasing, torment, hating, lying, pity, scornful looks if I could hide in these pages forever. No more the question: - \"What's that mark on your face\" ","Summary":" Sometimes, I wish I could lose myself in these books, stacked castle walls around me, Get lost in p"},{"Movie":"Philadelphia","Title":"Guy's talk","Author":"AlIsBack","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7273259","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This takes place after the party, it's mixed between whta is in the movie and my ideas. :) I really wanted to write something where Joe and Miguel get to talk with eachother. \"Hey, Joe. You want a coffee or something?\" Joe sat down and looked around. \"Yeah, coffee's good. Thank you.\" \"Sugar, milk? Sweet low?\" \"No.. nothing.\" \"There you go.\" Andy sat down, exhausted and tired but also very satisfied. What a great party this was! He closed his eyes. \"Oh, I'm still wearing this marine suit. I'll better change my clothes.\" Right in that moment Miguel unlocked the door and said:\"Though it looks very sexy.\" Jesus, thought Joe. To him it was quite an awkward situation he didn't want to witness. \"Joe, I brought your wife home.\" Joe was confused, he thought Lisa took a cab to get home. \"Erm..\" \"You're welcome.\" Miguel smiled and Andy had to chuckle, too. Andy had told Miguel about Joe's fear of gays and Andy could see in his boyfriend's eyes that he wanted to test Joe a little bit. \"Okay, I'll be back in a minute. Miguel, take good care of our guest.\" \"I will.\"Miguel grinned at Joe and twinkled with one eye. Joe felt incredible uncomfortable and Miguel recognized it. \"Just kidding.. Jesus, are you so afraid of gay men?\"Miguel laughed. Joe didn't know what to say, so he just stared at Miguel and how he shovled tons of sugar into his cup of coffee. \"You don't look that gay.\" Miguel stopped stiring his coffee. \"I don't look THAT gay? Oh, thank god. Thank you very much Joe for this compliment. But hey: What does a thaaaaat gay man look like?\" Joe was a bit ahsamed. \"Well, you know what I mean.\" \"No, I don't. Come on, explain it to me. Like I'm a four-year-old.\" \"Well, the stereotype.. I don't know. Tight pants, shaved chest hair, glitter.., walking like you know. Fairy-like.\" \"Wanna see the hair on my chest?\" Joe sighed. \"No.. Thanks.\" \"I wear jeans and a black shirt. I look so fucking normal. As every second gay or heterosexual men does it, too. What makes me different? I'm in love with a man, with Andrew. Okay, yeah. That's it. You say, it's disgusting if two men have sex. Or for example: sucking eachothers cocks. Okay, okay. So, tell me one thing: Is it disgusting sticking your dick in someones mouth or is it disgusting having someone's dick in your mouth?\" Joe didn't know what to say. A discussion about his client's and his boyfriend's sex life was the last thing he wanted to have right now. \"Ermm. It's just the idea.\" Miguel just nodded, he knew he had won. \"I can say, for me: I like both.\" Andy came down the stairs. \"What are you talking about?\" Joe wanted to say something but Miguel was faster. \"Sex.\" \"Really?\", Andy asked. \"No. Drew. About prejudices.\" \"I see.\" Andy stroke Miguel's hair. \"Will you leave us work? Hm, Mikey?\" \"Yeah, sure.\" He looked at Joe with an intense look. \"Hey, Joe. I'm going to kiss my boyfriend now. Are you able to take that or do you want to turn around?\" \"Take it easy, Miguel.\" Miguel stood up, he looked into Andy's eyes, stroke his cheek, then smiled at him. \"Good night, baby..\" They kissed, very gentle, very calm. Joe looked at his feet, hours seemed to pass. Miguel still smiled and mouthed \"I love you.\" \"Good night, Joe Miller.\" Miguel reached out his hand. And Joe shaked it. \"Bye, Miguel.\" As Miguel went upstairs, Joe shook his head, laughed. \"Jesus.\" \"I hope he was not too direct.\" \"Well, Andrew.I have to say he's kind of straight forward.\" \"He is. But he is just testing you. Miguel is a good guy. Don't take his jokes too serious, he's just a little bit sensitve when it's about our realtionship.\" \"I see. How long have you been together?\" Andy hesitated. Was Joe really about having a personal conversation? \"Almost 11 years.\" Joe was surprised. He never thought about Andrew's relationship in particular but he always considered gay men only having sex or having reationships for about 3 months. \"That's pretty long.\" \"It is and I am very grateful for it.\" Joe thought about what Miguel said about the oral sex.. \"Yeah, I bet you are. Now let's go through these questions.\" ","Summary":" This takes place after the party, it's mixed between whta is in the movie and my ideas. :) I really"},{"Movie":"Philadelphia","Title":"Alright","Author":"alisonlynn","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5904867","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Alright A/N- This is for AllsBack, without whom it would not have been written. I hope it's satisfactory. : ) \"I have what?\" Andy said disbelievingly. \"You have AIDS.\" The nurse looked disgusted. \"But…I just came in because of the fever.\" Andy felt like he was going to vomit. \"The fever is a symptom of AIDS,\" she said shortly. Miguel . \"I need to call…I need to call my…\"He pressed his hand to his head, wondering if nausea and dizziness were also symptoms. I need Miguel. Then a horrible thought occurred to him. What if Miguel has it, too? \"How did I get it?\" He asked, throat making his voice raspy. The nurse did not offer him water. \"Have you ever had a blood transfusion?\" she asked. \"No,\" he gasped. \"Then the disease was probably transmitted sexually.\" Miguel. Oh, gosh, Miguel. \"I need to call Miguel.\" The nurse sniffed derisively and said, \"There's a phone in the lobby.\" He stumbled out the door, barely managing to stay on his feet. The nurse did not offer assistance. He found the phone and waited while the young woman ahead of him finished talking to what seemed to be her boyfriend. Apparently they were having a boy. How nice for them. Andy was dying. Finally it was his turn. It took him two tries to dial Miguel's work number. The secretary greeted him cheerfully and put him on hold while she went to get Miguel. Andy tried very hard to breathe. \"Andrew? Are you all right?\" Miguel asked worriedly. Andy never called him at work. \"No,\" was all Andy could force past his lips. \"What happened? Where are you?\" Andy could hear him whisper to the secretary to call a substitute, as he would be out the rest of the day. \"Hospital.\" \"Oh, wow. I'll be there in five minutes, I swear.\" Andy could hear Miguel putting on his coat. He was relieved that he wouldn't have to explain over the phone. Breathing got a little easier. When Andy went back to the exam room, there was a different nurse there. She smiled at him sympathetically. \"Poor dear. Is someone coming for you? A parent, or a friend?\" \"My…my partner.\" \"That's probably for the best. We'll need to test him, too.\" Andy was having trouble breathing again. The nurse questioned him extensively on how he'd been feeling until Miguel arrived. She seemed pleased, and said they'd caught it early enough that he could have several years left. Miguel was shown to the exam room by the sour faced nurse. She was glaring at them both, but he looked like he hadn't noticed. The new nurse gave her a look that boded ill and she walked away in a huff. \"Andrew? Are you alright? What's going on?\" Miguel asked quickly, coming over to stand next to Andy and look at him with worried eyes. Andy almost felt better, just having him there. \"I see you haven't told him yet,\" the nurse said. Miguel turned to look at her as if he hadn't noticed before. \"I thought…not on the phone.\" Andy reached down to lace his fingers through Miguel's and held on tight. \"Would you liked to tell him now, or should I?\" \"Would…would you?\" \"Of course.\" She gazed at them sympathetically. \"I'm afraid Mr. Beckett has AIDS.\" Miguel frowned. \"AIDS? The gay plague? What…what does that mean, exactly?\" He sounded calm, but Andy felt him stiffen and clutch his hand tighter. Miguel knew what that meant. \"AIDS is a disease that attacks the immune system, leaving the victim open to viruses and tumors. It usually causes the patient to slowly become weaker and eventually…die.\" The nurse sighed. The only thing worse than telling a person they were going to die was telling someone who loved them they were going to die. \"He'll…what? That's not possible. Andrew…Andrew doesn't…Andrew can't have that.\" Miguel shook his head over and over, a useless denial. \"I'm sorry sir. He does. We'll need to test your blood as well, I'm afraid. The disease is usually transmitted through sexual intercourse, so if Mr. Beckett has it, it's likely you do as well.\" \"A…blood…test?\" Miguel sat down heavily on the exam table. He blinked several times, then shook his head, hard. \"Can it be treated? How can we help Andy?\" Andy knew he was upset then. Miguel never called him by his nickname. The nurse smiled sadly. \"Let me draw some blood, and we'll talk about treatment when the lab results come back.\" Miguel, who hated the sight of blood, didn't even turn away when the needle went in. He just stared at their joined hands unseeingly. \"Andrew?\" he asked desperately when the nurse left. \"How did this happen?\" Andy hung his head. He squeezed his eyes shut in shame. \"I'm so sorry. That night we fought…\" \"You told me about that. I already forgave you. That wasn't what I meant, anyway.\" \"You forgave infidelity. But if I gave you the disease…\" \"We don't know who got it first. Maybe I gave it to you.\" \"No. You haven't been with anyone else.\" \"That's true. But maybe I don't even have it. Don't borrow trouble, Andrew. We need to talk about you, anyway. What will you do?\" \"Die, probably.\" The sound of the smack was loud in the quiet room. \"You don't talk that way! Don't ever talk that way!\" Andy held his jaw in shock. \"But didn't you hear her? I'm dying.\" \"Not yet you aren't. We're going to do everything we can to make sure you don't, not for a long time.\" Miguel swallowed hard. \"I won't let you. I love you.\" Andy blinked, eyes watering. \"I love you, too.\" Miguel stepped forward, wrapped his arms around his partner, and just held him for what seemed like a very long time. When the nurse came back with the results, she was smiling. It was surprising enough that Andy, who was facing the door, let go of Miguel to ask, \"Is there good news, then?\" \"Yes. Mr. Alvarez, I'm pleased to inform you that you have not been infected.\" \"Thank goodness.\" Andy nearly collapsed with relief, falling back on the exam table. \"Miguel. Did you hear? You're going to be ok.\" Miguel smiled at him, squeezing his hand. \"I am. But you're not.\" He turned to the nurse. \"How can we treat this?\" The nurse gave them a long list of things they could do, everything from diet to exercise, as well as regular visits for antiretroviral treatment. She also advised them to either abstain from sex or always take precautionary measures. Preferably abstinence, since protection didn't always work. Andy agreed. He would do anything to protect Miguel. The car was silent on the way home. Miguel was shaking when they got up to their apartment. \"Are you ok?\" Andy asked with trepidation. \"How could you do this to me, Andrew?\" Miguel collapsed into a chair, letting his face fall into his hands. He didn't feel like being rational right now. \"But…you're ok. I didn't…I didn't give it to you. You're alright.\" said Andy, honestly confused. \"Don't you get it, Andrew? You're not ok! You're going to die! I'm going to lose you !\" Miguel's shoulders were shaking. \"How…how could you?\" Andy, feeling very worn out, dropped to his knees in front of Miguel. He pulled Miguel's fingers away from his face. They just stared at each other for long moments. \"I'm sorry, Miguel. I'm so, so sorry,\" was all Andy could manage. Miguel nodded silently. He slid out of the chair and onto the floor, into Andy's arms. They kissed desperately, urgently, each needing reassurance that, for that moment, they were together, and safe, and alright. And for that moment, they were. ","Summary":" Alright A/N- This is for AllsBack, without whom it would not have been written. I hope it's satisfa"},{"Movie":"Philadelphia","Title":"Waiting","Author":"alisonlynn","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5854167","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Waiting A/N- I kept thinking Miiguel or Andy would say something before he died, when they were sitting in the hospital, butr they never did. Then I came here to see if there was any fanfiction about it, and there wasn't. So I wrote some. I appologise, as it is woefully inadequate. \"I think I'm ready,\" Andy whispered, green eyes looking up at Miguel. Miguel nodded, trying not to cry, thinking, I'm not . His grip on Andy's hand tightened. \"Yes, Death is coming for me. It won't be long Miguel.\" \"I know,\" he choked. He promised himself he wouldn't cry until Andy was gone. He would be strong until the last. Andy would not see how hard this was for him. Oh, gosh, was that a tear? \"I love you, Miguel.\" Andy slowly uncurled his fingers inside Miguel's so he could grip back. Miguel brought his hand to his lips again. \"I love you, too.\" Andy closed his eyes. \"I wonder if there's opera where I'm going.\" Oh good. Now Andy wouldn't see him cry. \"I know there is. And I bet there's sunshine and libraries and you'll be right all the time.\" Andy does love being right. \"Mmm. I'd be wrong forever for just one more day with you, Miguel.\" \"I'd give anything for that, Andrew. But there are no regrets, no? Nothing we missed out on?\" \"Nothing but time. You wanted to go someplace warm.\" \"That doesn't matter, Andrew. That never mattered. Only you.\" How true that was. Miguel's life had long since become only about Andy. How long he had left, was he in pain, were the treatments helping or not. Every visit to the hospital written down, every dosage of medication recorded. He longed to endure it for Andy, but that would leave Andy to grieve, as Miguel would. \"At least you don't have it. I didn't condemn you. No…regrets…Miguel.\" Andy sighed, squeezing Miguel's hand. \"I'll join you someday, Andrew.\" \"I'll…be wait…ing.\" Miguel held Andy's hand until it grew cold, then went to call Andy's parents. ","Summary":" Waiting A/N- I kept thinking Miiguel or Andy would say something before he died, when they were sit"},{"Movie":"Philadelphia","Title":"Thoughts in the Darkness","Author":"Nienna100","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5047532","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer:nAndy and Miguel, they belong to Tom Hanks, Antonio Banderas, JonathonnDemme, Ron Nyswaner, Tristar Pictures and Clinica Estitico A/N1: Inapologise to my regular readers, this was a temporary distraction.nI'll return to middle earth now. Translationsnof Spanish are: Pálidon– Haggard/Pale Diablo –nDevil Mavlado –nEvil Amante –nLover Lo sienton- Sorry Inapologise I do not speak Spanish, to anyone who does, I mean nonoffense for any rubbish translations. He neverncomplained, the man whose tormented chest he was tucked back against.nHe had every right to complain, when he hurt and he ached and thenpain darkened his eyes and deepened the crease between his eyebrows.nBut he didn't. Not to him. Andy had always blamed himself, fornrisking Miguel's life, though he did not say it. He did not need tonbe reminded of it, this morning. Thatnnight, the one that had haunted them ever since, always in thenshadows, they had argued, they had been arguing for weeks. It wasnstupid really; they had only just moved in and couldn't decide hownto decorate the bathroom. Andy was angry, needed release, Miguel hadnrefused him – Miguel had held the burning flame of guilt in thendeep of his heart for that for more than a decade – and Andy hadnstormed away. Miguel had been left in the cold empty flat, and hadnrung his Mama's to complain about his partner's temper. Hisnmother's calming voice had soothed him, his own fury hadndissipated, and when he put the phone down, the tension had left him.nHe had washed up, showered and got into a bed. He had been asleepnwhen Andy had returned. Miguelnshuffled away out of the arms on which too many needles had stabbed,nand just watched his lover sleep. How many more nights would he havento sleep next to the man of his dreams? Not enough. Never enough. Ifnthey could both live forever, it would still not be enough. Nevernenough. If they could both live forever, it would still not benenough. Too pale. Too thin. Pálido. HadnAndy watched him sleep when he had come back the night he had beenninfected, as Miguel watched him now? He had never asked. All he hadnknown when he had woken was that Andy was on the other side of thenbed, biting his lip. He had confessed what he had done, and they hadnargued some more. It had taken a long time to forgive each other forncruel worlds and actions… Long enough for Andy to fall ill. And hadngrovelled for forgiveness he did not feel he deserved. Too many tearsnhad been shed. Too much darkness had surrounded them up that time. Henhated to think of it. He buried back into his partner's chest,nclinging to him. Today innthe courtroom had been hell. All Miguel wanted to do was wrap hisnarms around Andrew and snatch him away. Keep him safe and shelter himnfrom the diablo who were trying to make himnthe evil one. The smile of the malvado lawyer haunted him; he hatednhow she twisted the truth, made their personal lives known toneveryone and did not let Andy explain the situation… it was notnfair. He did not pretend to understand the law system of thisncountry, despite living with a lawyer for so long. But he knew whatnwas right and wrong. He thought that the jurors might know it too; henhoped they did. Andy deserved some peace. But after all that he didnnot know… he did think it was not justice going on, on the standnwhere they tortured his amante. And thennAndy had to show his poor afflicted chest, losing any dignity he hadntried to retain, as he struggled without anyone to help him. Miguelnran his fingers slowly down the shirt of the man lying next to him;nno part of him minded having to help Andy dress and undress when henwas too weak to do so himself. But not like that. This painfully thinnbody was his and his alone. Under hisnear, he could hear Andy's heart, fluttering faint and fast. Everynragged breath that Andy dragged into his lungs was magic, and henthanked God for them, every one. But they were too strained, toonpained. He tried to press close. \"You'rensquirming,\" came Andy's calm, almost emotionless voice, in thendark of the room. \"You OK?\" Miguelnsniffed, brushing away the tears which he had not realised werenfalling. \"Lo siento Andy, I did not mean to wake you.\" He did notnanswer the question; he had no right to be feeling bad and arousingnsympathy from his hurting lover. \"It'snfine; chances are I'd have to get up soon anyway,\" Andy said,nhiding a yawn with his hand. He rolled onto his back and stretchednhis arms above his head, silently acknowledging Miguel's need forncomfort when he wrapped one arm around the other man's shouldersnand let him cuddle in. Miguel appreciated it more than he probablynought to, and angled his mouth so he could press a kiss to Andy'snchest. Andy spoke again. \"It's not like the dying man needs tonsleep.\" That wasnso Andy; trying to make a situation humorous when it was anythingnbut. \"Don't say that,\" growled Miguel, \"You're not dyingnand it's not funny.\" For once, Andy stopped talking. He was anlawyer and he liked to talk a lot. Therefore he did. Silence whennthey weren't asleep was rare. \"You should go back to sleep,\"nMiguel said gruffly, embarrassed for his outburst. \"You could getnat least another hour. I will wake you.\" Andynsighed, almost visibly deflating, but he did not apologise because henknew that his humour was making Miguel relax, and preparing him in anway. Bluntness disguised as humour. \"Alright. If that's what younwant.\" But he did not want to leave the conversation with that, hisnsurrender, and added in a murmur, \"I love you Miguel.\" \"I knownyou do,\" Miguel would never confess how even now, after so long,nthose words still managed to light a dull flame deep in the pit ofnhis stomach, which burnt for a long time after the words had beennsaid. \"And I love you too.\" He hoped Andy would ignore the cracknin his voice, as hoping that the lawyer had not heard it was too muchnto ask for. Andy did ignore, and pulled the covers more closelynaround the two of them instead. Silent again. \"Are you cold?\"nMiguel asked softly. \"No, younkeep me warm,\" Andy said, a drowsy smile audible in his voice. \"Butnseriously, are you cold baby?\" Miguel pressed, refusing to benbrushed away. \"Inthought you wanted me to sleep?\" \"Andy…\"nMiguel said warningly. Andynrolled his eyes, \"No Miguel, I'm fine. Honestly. Go to sleep.\" Concedingnat last, Miguel sighed and closed his eyes, feeling Andy's musclesnunderneath him relaxing, rapidly giving in to the call of sleep. Andynwas quickly pulled under, the deepening of his breath evidence ofnthat, and Miguel was left in the darkness on his own again. It was notnright. Andy should not be the one to comfort him, yet he did. Andynshould not be the one holding him, Miguel should be the one holdingnAndy, comforting him as disease ravaged his fragile, wasted body. Butnwhen those positions changed, when he was the one cradling Andy, thatnwas when Miguel would know the end had come. It wouldncome too soon, and he would be left, to nursing his thoughts in thendarkness. A/N2: Inhope you liked it, I know I can not do this film any justice; it wasntoo amazing. But there were not enough affectionate scenes or enoughnof Miguel. So now there is. :D Please review. ","Summary":" Disclaimer:nAndy and Miguel, they belong to Tom Hanks, Antonio Banderas, JonathonnDemme, Ron Nyswan"},{"Movie":"Philadelphia","Title":"A New Man","Author":"samanddianefan10","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6102840","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Joe Miller hated homosexuality. He hated the very idea of it; the thought of two men lying together made him sick. He didn't know where this idea came from. His parents never spoke about it growing up. It was just universal knowledge as far as he was concerned that a man's place was with a woman. He couldn't even begin to consider the appeal of two people of the same gender. He'd gone to law school with several people like that, but he did his best to avoid them. The first man's name was Robert Davidson, and he was very flamboyant. There was no mistaking his sexuality. Joe might not have had a problem with people like that if they would keep it to themselves. After all he didn't flaunt his sexual practices to the rest of the world; why should they? Robert wanted to join Joe's study group, but he lied and said it was already full. Joe felt bad for a minute, but why should he? There were other groups that he could join. He wasn't discriminating. He did have several people already in his group and he didn't want to complicate things. Besides, Robert was struggling and Joe didn't want to risk dragging down the group. That's what Joe told his wife, and she seemed to understand him. Once in a while he questioned himself but Robert moved on and made other friends, so in the end what did it really matter? When Andrew Beckett walked through Joe's door, little did he know that it would change his life. He couldn't spot a homosexual by looking at him. He knew Beckett, and thought highly of him. When the words AIDS came out of his mouth Joe was shocked. He wanted to dig a hole in the floor of his office as quickly as possible and disappear. All of the possibilities – the worst case scenarios- ran through his mind. Would he contact the deadly disease now that he had shook Andrew's hand? Worse yet, would he be a carrier somehow, would he bring this virus home to his wife and beautiful baby girl? The thought was too awful to wrap his mind around. Part of him knew that he was being illogical but one could never be too safe. He had to find out. He'd never been so scared, not knowing if he was going to meet an early end. And to something that was not even his fault. Not like people like Beckett's. Certainly they could do something to help themselves. Certainly Joe felt sorry for him, but did this have to happen to him? Joe wondered. He'd never met anyone with AIDS before; he'd never had a face to put with the dreaded disease. Before he'd always assumed they'd just brought it on themselves, but now he wondered. But it didn't matter. If Joe had it, and his baby got it, that was certainly a different matter than when Beckett contracted it. It wouldn't be fair to say the least. All he could do was say his prayers. He'd never forget the way his doctor looked at him when he asked if he wanted to be tested. Joe wasn't one of them. He didn't do anything to get this. He couldn't see himself going through all of this when he hadn't done anything wrong. It wasn't worth it. Joe couldn't explain when or how it happened, but somehow Beckett went from being the homosexual to a person, a friend. He saw the struggles. Joe had seen a lot during his days as an attorney. He'd seen the homeless, drug dealers, rape victims, the abuse of the elderly and the handicapped, but Beckett was different. He had tried so hard, and was so honest. Maybe it was because of the way that Joe had originally saw him but Joe came to like him, he really did. It was hard not to become angry in this case, for Andrew Beckett had obviously been wronged, But he had not become bitter. Joe didn't know how he did it to tell the truth. He loved his job and if he were to be betrayed he would be angry, the kind of anger that would take over his life. But Beckett kept on living his life and fighting his disease the best he could, and for that Joe had to give him a lot of credit. Finally the day they were dreading came, and Andrew collapsed. Everyone raced to the hospital. Joe continued the case, and at the end of the day he went to the hospital to visit his client. \"Counselor,\" Andrew smiled weakly. \"Talk about a scene,\" Joe smiled. \"How are you?\" \"Hanging in there. It's good to see you. I wasn't sure you'd come.\" \"I had to. These are billable hours,\" Joe laughed. Andrew smiled weakly. \"What's the difference between a good lawyer and a great lawyer?\" \"What?\" \"A good lawyer knows the law. A great lawyer knows the judge.\" They both laugh. Joe looks at him for a minute. \"What?\" Andrew asks. \"You know, it's not easy for me it say this. I hardly ever do- just ask my wife. I like things a certain way. When you're a lawyer you sometimes see things as black or white. I've been that way my entire life. That's gotten in my way in certain areas. I took my case thinking I knew you and what you were about. I hated what you stood for. I didn't agree with your lifestyle and that caused me to judge you. I can see now I was wrong. I hope that you can forgive me for the things that I've thought and the way I might have acted towards you. You've taught me a lot about helping my fellow man and I hope to take those lessons with me in the future,\" Joe took a deep breath. Andrew looked at him. His life had inspired at least one other person- he was thankful for that. \"Counselor, this isn't the way I would have wanted it to happen but I'm glad. I'm glad to have known you. And I hope that you continue to feel this way. It's been a pleasure working with you. I have worked with many fine attorneys and you're at the top of the list.\" Joe smiled and he knew what he had to do. He reached over and took Andrew's hand and held it for a minute. In that minute he reflected upon what was important to him- his wife, his daughter, his career, his ethics. In the end, after all of this was said and done, he could hold his head up high, and that was all that mattered. ","Summary":" Joe Miller hated homosexuality. He hated the very idea of it; the thought of two men lying together"},{"Movie":"Philadelphia","Title":"It's endless, 1996","Author":"AlIsBack","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6193878","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Miguel? Yeah..? You can't sleep? Who's Andrew? Andrew? I found a letter. You read my letters? I didn't mean to.. Why did you do it then? It's none of your business! I think it's my business if you keep letters, love letters from another man. IT'S NOT! Who is he? Is he your lover? He was. When? Not your business. It is if you're cheating on me. I'm not cheating on you. Is he the reason why you came home that late the last two months? No. I was with him BEFORE you and me had even known each other, so calm down. Do you love him? Miguel. Do you love him? No.. Why do you keep his letters? Because I loved him. If you don't love him anymore throw them away. I won't. Why? I loved him. You don't love him anymore. I have loved a couple of men, too. So what? It's over. I love you, Miguel. It's not the same. Why? A COUPLE of men. He was one man. What's that mean? He was the only one.. The only one what? Nothing. You've ever loved? Forget it. It hurts to know that you are obviously STILL in love with another man. I'm not. Sounds like. YOU FUCKING CAN'T BE IN LOVE WITH SOMEONE WHO'S DEAD, DAMN IT! So it's not over. WHAT? You feelings for the poor dead Andrew. Stop talking like this, David. You have no fucking right to talk of him like that! SORRY? YOU WANT TO TELL ME HOW I TALK OF THE MAN YOU'RE OBVIOUSLY IN LOVE WITH? I'M THE ONE WHO'S SUPPOSED TO BE YOUR FUCKING LOVER. GET RID OF THAT GUY. WE'VE BEEN TOGETHER FOR TWO YEARS. AND IF HE DIED BEFORE WE MET. YOU KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS? What? THAT THOSE TWO YEARS WERE ONE BIG LIE. No, they were not a lie. You wrote in one of YOUR letters to 'Andrew': You are the only man I could ever love. You are the love of my life and I will never forget you. I know the end will come soon as you often told me. I will never love anybody again the way I have loved you. BlahBlah. He died. And I was in love with him. He was the, how romantic, ' love of your life'. What's so funny about that? You never tell me that I'm the love of your life. He was. It hurts. You asked for it. Fuck you.. Don't cry, Dave.. You can't forget him. No, you're right. I can't. And I'm sorry for that. But it's the way I feel. I can't forget him. How long have you been together? 10 years. That's a long time. You can't forget 10 years, David. It has nothing to do with you. I wish I could be your Andrew. You are my David. When did he die? 3 years ago. Why? Because of AIDS. Are you poistive? WHAT THE FUCK, YOU ARE POSITIVE! I'm not. God damn it, David. Never heard of protection? Shit man. I can't say I'm sorry. He makes me so angry and jealous. Sorry.. Do you think of him while we're making love? Sometimes. Sometimes? Everytime. EVERYTIME? EVERY FUCKING TIME? Yes. Oh god.. Oh my god.. How can you do that to me? I'm just being honest. You're just being what..? I'm so sorry, David. Don't be sorry! Don't be sorry anymore just say you love me. Say it. I.. SAY IT! ","Summary":" Miguel? Yeah..? You can't sleep? Who's Andrew? Andrew? I found a letter. You read my letters? I did"},{"Movie":"Philadelphia","Title":"A Lover's Lament","Author":"Lyowyn","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1325979","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AnLover's Lament Itnwas all over now, the funeral, court proceedings, the life of his onentrue love. All of these things were gone and done with, lost forevernin the sands of time. Now all Miguel was left with were memories. Henhad a long full life ahead of him and no one to share it with. Henwould forever be alone and empty inside. He would continue to go tonthe family functions that Andy's parents insist he attend. ThenChristmas parties, and Easter and Thanksgiving get- togethers, thatnonly felt empty and meaningless without Andy to share them with. Hencould kill himself, but for the time being denied himself this easynway out. Andy wouldn't have wanted it. Although, in the long run, itnmight be better if he did commit suicide, rather than face this pain.nMiguel would have to suffer such terrible pain until God deemed itntime for his heart to finally stop beating. Deepndown in the very pit of his heart he believed this was all his fault,nand no matter what assurances he was given otherwise this feelingnwasn't likely to change. At first he had felt betrayed, not only hadnAndy cheated on him, but he was also cheated out of what should havenbeen the best years of his life. He and Andy should have grown oldntogether, and this had all been denied him. And, for what? A lousynblow job in a cheap porno theater? But,nnow, after Andy's death all he felt was guilt. Hadn't he been goodnenough. What had he done to drive Andy away? They had gotten into annargument that night. Miguel didn't even remember what it had beennabout. Something that insignificant, and yet it had caused Andy sonmuch pain. He lost his beloved job, which he loved enough to fight tonhis dying breath for. His family lost their son. Miguel lost hisnlove. Had he just let it go that one time, had he been the one tonleave, none of this would have happened. Andnnow he had a decision to make. Three items currently sat on thenkitchen table in front of him, which one he chose would alter thencourse of his life: a glass of red wine, a 38mm. pistol, and ansuitcase. He could drink the wine, listen to some opera and continuento be a son and a brother, an uncle and a friend to those Andy hadnleft behind. He could choose the pistol and end it all right here andnnow. Or, he could choose the suitcase and leave all this behind him.nHe had sufficient funds, Andy had seen to that. The choice was his tonmake and his alone, if only he should choose to make it. Yet, whennyou reach the crossroads of life how should you choose which path tontake if you do not have a map? ","Summary":" AnLover's Lament Itnwas all over now, the funeral, court proceedings, the life of his onentrue love"},{"Movie":"Philadelphia","Title":"A Million Little Pieces","Author":"AlIsBack","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6255927","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Million Little Pieces , Miguel's Point of View Author's note / This takes place 2-3 months after Andy's death. This is a text from Miguel's POV and I thought it would fit Miguel's personality best if it was written without any quotion marks. It's just an insight to Miguel's thoughts. As confusing as they are, give this unusual way of writing a chance. :) I recently started swimming. I dive, put my head under the water. It is empty. I just think about breathing, nothing more. My head is empty. Empty. Empty. I can hear my heartbeat. I know I'm still alive. The beating of my heart is the only thing that tells me I am. I take another breath. I'm alone. The water is all mine. I don't share the moment with anybody but myself. It's late and I have to go home. I take my towel and walk towards the shower room. There are old men, young men. Attractive men and unattractive. I don't look at them. I turn on the shower. The water is hot and it burns my skin. I don't care. I can forget everything. I get home and when I'm home I take another shower. I look at myself in the mirror. I look like a wreck. My eyes are red and swollen. I haven't shaved for a few days. I'm to tried for it. He's gone. Gone. Gone. Gone. I want to be alone right now. Everybody worries about me and I let them worry. I'm sorry for it but I want to be alone. As the bell rings I get incredibly angry. I open the door. It's Chandra. Miguel.. Chandra, what a surprise. She hugs me and I hug her back. Can I come in? Sure. How do you feel? How do I look? Shitty, honey. That's the way I feel. I was around and thought I could visit you. That's very nice. Do you want to sit down, drink a coffee and just talk? I'd like that. She gets into the kitchen and turns the coffee machine on. Here you are. Thank you. There is silent and we just look at each other. She was Andrew's best friend and she's one of mine too. She reaches out for my hand. We hold hands. She squeezes my hand. I miss him so much, Miguel.. If I'd say anything right now, I'll cry. Me too. I cry. It's hurting but we've got to talk about it.. Yeah.. I found some photos and I thought you might wanted to see them. Most of them are from partys at my home. I thought they were beautiful. I look at them. They are beautiful and they make me smile. We look at each other, we look in love. I laugh and he smiles. I put an arm around him and kiss his cheek. He whispers something in my ear. We kiss. I turn the photo around. Miguel and Andrew VERY in love, 3/18/85 One shows me wearing a shirt that says I LOVE MY BABY. I smile. I still love my baby. This is my favorite one, you both look so cute. You were the cutest couple anyways. I just nod. We mess around with cake and ice cream and laugh our asses off. I laugh loudly. They make you happy, Mikey? Bring back all those beautiful memories, yeah.. But it hurts so much. I know... You don't. You don't. You don't. I know you know, is what I say. Someday it'll be okay. You will be fixed, you heart will be fixed. It can't be fixed, Chandra. Why? It's in a million little pieces. ","Summary":" A Million Little Pieces , Miguel's Point of View Author's note / This takes place 2-3 months after "},{"Movie":"Philadelphia","Title":"You are gone","Author":"Jessie6","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/670856","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Authors Note: There could be a few grammar mistakes because I'm German and not perfect in English. That's a poem from Miguel's POV after Andy's death. I hope you like it! Disclaimer: The characters are not mine. You are gone We were so happy when we met That's a time I will never forget Yes, sometimes it was hard Other people wanted to tear us apart They did not understand, they could not see The love between you and me You told your parents that you were gay They didn't know what to say But now they're also the family of mine That was such a great time! Only once you betrayed me You can't imagine how that hurt me But I forgave you Because I loved you I didn't want to live without you The man you slept with had a desease And we knew you would have to leave When you told me you would die I was too shocked to cry I knew how hard it was for you That they took your job from you But why did you have to fight? I wanted you to forget your pride All that took away your strenght You died only hours after the judgement 'It's time' you said I knew that's true You can't imagine how much I will miss you Now you are gone I long for you still Life will never be the same until I will see you again No one will replace you in my heart And in heaven we will never be apart ","Summary":" Authors Note: There could be a few grammar mistakes because I'm German and not perfect in English. "},{"Movie":"Philadelphia","Title":"Lifeline","Author":"samanddianefan10","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6088490","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Andy didn't know who he was angrier with, the law firm who had taken away much of the time that he could have spent with his family, or himself for putting his family and Miguel through all of this in the first place. Lying in the hospital bed with an oxygen mask on was a curious position to be in; you could observe much and say little. You could see the hurt, the fear, the anger, the love in the eyes of those who loved you. There was so much he wanted to say to them but he was physically unable to. He tried to convey his feelings, sometimes with a wink or a squeeze of a hand, sometimes it was a refusal to sleep in someone's presence, but he fought, oh how he fought to show his feelings. He knew he would not be around much longer to show his loved ones how he felt so time was of the essence. Now life was about healing, It was the biggest paradox of his life; just as his body was shutting down he was finally healing from the wounds and the sins of the past. He was forgiving himself for the infidelity that had led him to this room in the first place. His family was forgiving him for not being who they had imagined he might become. He was forgiving his former law firm for denying him his basic rights as a human being to practice work as any other citizen might. There were so many things that needed healing, and here in this hospital bed he was finding in. Ironically the only thing he couldn't heal was his body which had betrayed him so. Sometimes he loved Miguel so much he couldn't look at him. He would pretend to sleep when he was in the room. Andy knew that he would be leaving him behind, and sometimes the guilt was too much to bear. He tried to imagine what Miguel's life would be like without him, and all he could hear where the cries that Miguel didn't think that Andy could hear. Andy would hear those cries, even in his sleep. But when Andy was \"awake\" and Miguel was awake, there were no tears, just only happy memories and affirmations. The way it should have always been right from the start. One day Andy had been bottling up his feelings and was playing this game and couldn't take any more pretending. \"Why do you cry, Miguel?\" Andy asked out of the blue. Miguel was shocked. \"I'm still here. I haven't left you. I want us to be happy. I want you to be happy. That's all I've ever wanted for you,\" he smiled. \"Why do you cry?\" Miguel challenged. Andy was shocked. His secret was out. \"You were never to know that. That was between me and myself. I was never to burden you with my problems.\" \"But you see Andrew…your burdens are my burdens. We are as one. How can I not take your burdens on as mine? I cry because you cry? I cry because you do not talk to me? I cry because I see you shut down every day… physically, emotionally… and you won't let me in. And there's only so much I can do. You turn me away. You always accuse me of being a proud man. Well today the opposite is true. I surrender my pride but you pick it up,\" Miguel looked him in the eyes. Andy looked at him, determined not to cry but felt himself pushing back the tears. \"I pick it up because it's the only thing I have the strength left to carry.\" The room grew strangely quiet. Andy was not giving up, but he was giving up on them, on being part of a couple. He was drifting away into his own identity. Andy Beckett- the person who needed to do things by himself- and that terrified Miguel even more than losing him. It was as if Miguel would lose him twice. Miguel got up and walked out of the room, looking for the nearest chapel, and broke down in tears. 00000 Alone. Was this how it would be at the end? Just him in the room? This was Andy's biggest fear, and now it had come true. Miguel had left him. And it was no wonder. Andy had put him through so much. He had had enough. Andy had cheated on him, contracted AIDS and now was going to die alone. His body started shaking and he dropped the nurse's call button on the floor accidentally. He began to panic. That call button was his other lifeline, next to Miguel. Now he had no way of saving his own life, even if he wanted to. He was powerless over his own life. He'd never been more terrified in his entire life. Just as they had always been connected, that bond had led Miguel back into Andy's room at that very minute. Instinctively Miguel looked for that call button and he ran over and tied it around Andy's bed. He looked at him. \"Are you okay? Do you need something?\" \"Only you.\" Miguel nodded. He wasn't expecting an apology, nor did he want one. He just needed to know that Andy still loved him, the way he did him. Those two simple words told him everything. \"Miguel… I…\" \"Sshh…get some sleep…\" \"I'm scared, Miguel.\" Miguel leaned over and kissed Andy on the lips. \"Andrew I will be right here when you wake up.\" Suddenly Andy wasn't so scared anymore. He closed his eyes, and in the morning things looked a lot clearer.. He went to sleep in peace. ","Summary":" Andy didn't know who he was angrier with, the law firm who had taken away much of the time that he "},{"Movie":"Aquamarine","Title":"Finding Love","Author":"thunder2010","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6586072","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Summary: Raymond is out traveling when Aquamarine finds him. But who is that girl he's with? And when suddenly a new girl joins their college group why does Raymond keep getting mysterious headaches and visions? Why does he feel like he's forgetting something? Can Aquamarine make him remember? Chapter 1: \"Whoo!\" Raymond and his friends yelled as they all cannon-balled into the ocean. His friends immediately came up and started doing it again. Ray went down below and started swimming around occasionally coming back up to float for a while. \"Ray!\" his girl Raven squealed splashing water on him. He smiled and grabbed her by the waist, pulling her under. She yelled struggling against him playfully. When they came up for air, they were both panting and laughing. He leaned close to her about to kiss her and then tossed her into the water. Raven screamed and fell in, quickly coming back up, trying to get Raymond back and splashing him. \"Th- that-\" he swerved laughing so she missed. \"-was not-\" she managed to get him and he grabbed her and with her moving so much, had them but an inch apart. \"funny-\" she pouted, her face close to his. He smiled his gorgeous smile and Raven's heart skipped a beat. His legs caught hers and she felt her thighs go hot where he touched. He seemed very calm though and laughed, his hand going to the small of her back. \"I told you to be careful when messing with me,\" he teased planting a small kiss on her ear. In spite of her slight shock of him dropping her like the way he had, she shivered even though the hot sun beat upon them. \"What do you say we go inside, Ray?\" she asked, her voice breathy. Raymond smiled and pulled away from her a little. \"Maybe later, I just wanna swim a while.\" He let her go and Raven thought he was about to swim away when he asked, \"Care to join me?\" Raven's eyes lit up and she nodded. They both plopped down and did backstrokes, careful not to stare at the sun. Raven turned a little and peeked at Raymond. His eyes were closed and he looked at complete peace, his body moving in easy strokes going slow to match Raven's. She mentally sighed. 'I'm so lucky to have found him.' She thought to herself, staring up at the sky. 'He's way better than Brandon and my stupid family. If only they could see me now,' her mouth twisted into a smirk as her nails flashed into a deep black-grey color. \"What're you thinking about?\" Raymond asked her, and she realized he'd stopped. She swam up to him and draped her arms around his neck on her shoulder staring in his rich blue eyes. \"Just thinking 'bout how much I love you,\" she said with a smile. He smiled and captured her lips with his, kissing her slowly and passionately. \"I love you too, Raven.\" He whispered in her ear and Raven felt if her heart would burst with happiness. \"Are you sure he's there?\" Aquamarine asked Claire over the phone, excited. She couldn't stop spinning in circles and some of the fish were staring at her strangely while the younger fish laughed and imitated her. She paid no attention to them though. \"Yes! Yes! He just left two days ago and I've been waiting for your call so I could tell you. And-\" \"Claire!\" Aquamarine yelled, bubbles floating out of her mouth. \"What?\" she exclaimed, surprised by her outburst. \"He left TWO days ago! And you're telling me now? What if he's found someone and-\" \"Aqua. Aqua! Calm down. You know he had very powerful feelings for you and he probably still does now. So stop thinking about that. Just get your fishtail over there and call me as soon as you see him. And I gotta go, Gran's calling. Bye!\" Claire said and hung up. Aquamarine heard it go click and screamed in frustration. When she stopped she swam as hard as she could and jumped through the surface, letting the sun touch her skin and sparkle her scales. Raymond. Raymond. He was less than 100 miles away. Possibly in the ocean right NOW. She would see him this afternoon- no. No. She didn't want to bother him. She had to talk to Claire or Hailey and ask about this. It felt so thrilling to be with him, but she didn't know how to act. Even now, 5 months since she had seen Raymond. Raymond. Raymond. She couldn't wait to see him. ","Summary":" Summary: Raymond is out traveling when Aquamarine finds him. But who is that girl he's with? And wh"},{"Movie":"Aquamarine","Title":"Aquamarine","Author":"AquamarineFan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7754071","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I was in great spirits as I sat across the desk from Ms. Taylor, who was about to become my new landlady. Congratulations, Mr. Rayman, she said as I pushed the signed copy of a one-year lease across her desk along with a check. Will you be moving in on the first? Yes, and you can call me Fred, I said. I m excited. Four years in a dorm is quite enough. That s great Fred, she said, not offering her first name. We ll officially open the apartment complex that day. We already have about twenty-five move-ins scheduled. I'm looking forward to living here, I said as she handed me a copy of my lease. I've got a couple of weeks before I start my new job, so I plan to get settled as soon as possible and then enjoy chilling-out by the pool. Keep in mind that the pool closes at ten. No late-night parties. Yes ma am, I replied, wondering how long it had been since she had attended a good party. Can I have my keys? I asked. I d like to figure out how I'm going to arrange my new furniture. They re not your keys yet, Ms. Taylor said. But, you can borrow them. How long will it take? About half an hour. She stared at me for a few seconds then picked up a key from her desk and unlocked a cabinet behind her. Here you go number one-eleven, she said. Bring them right back and don t leave anything inside. Yes ma am, I said. Am I in the dean s office? I enjoyed the short walk down the winding, tree-lined sidewalk that led to my building, noting that the complex looked even better than it had a few days earlier. The only workers I saw were landscapers who were busy planting flowers. Passing the pool area, I saw that the volleyball net and lounge chairs were in place, and the pool was now full of sparkling, blue water. This is going to be fun. When the door closed behind me, I was alone in my future home for the first time. I took in the scent of newness for a few seconds then took off my sandals and walked around. The plush carpeting felt luxurious under my bare feet. The light fixtures and appliances gleamed at me as if to make me feel welcome. The apartment was even more spacious than I remembered. I chose a one-bedroom unit because the rooms were larger and had higher ceilings. The den and the bedroom featured large closets and the kitchen had an oversized pantry. It was more square footage than I d need, but I didn't want to face another bout with claustrophobia. My favorite room was the den. It featured built-in bookcases and a fireplace. Sliding glass doors led to a small patio that overlooked a beautifully landscaped common area between buildings. As I was doing a rough sketch of where my furniture would go, I heard a strange sound, like a soft buzz. It went away as I was trying to determine its source. I thought that maybe it came from workers in an adjoining apartment. I checked my watch and saw that I had only five minutes of my half hour left. I finished my sketch and locked up. I wanted to have the keys back to Ms. Taylor within the time limit. She s probably watching the walking back to the office, I thought about how pleased I was to be moving into such an upscale community. I felt happy about getting a fresh start, and I was ready to get my social life going again. Two days later, Ricky, my college roommate, and Pete, a fraternity brother, helped me to move. It was late afternoon when Pete and I carried in the last couple of boxes. At my graduation, my dad had mentioned that he would be sending the things I had left behind when I went off to college, planning to turn my old room into a den. I reluctantly told him to schedule the delivery for my move-in date, wanting to get organized as soon as possible. I received a message that the shipment wouldn t arrive until after seven. I left room in the den closet for whatever might appear. As I finally set down the last box, my phone beeped. It was a text from Ricky, who had spent the last hour helping two cute girls move into an apartment in the next building. Going good, it read. We ll be over soon. Order pizza. I'll get beer. I wasn't quite ready for company, but I figured informal would be okay since it was moving day. Pete and I made a seating arrangement out of boxes filled with books. ","Summary":" I was in great spirits as I sat across the desk from Ms. Taylor, who was about to become my new lan"},{"Movie":"Aquamarine","Title":"A Whole New Life","Author":"Paige1315","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5157970","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer:nI own nothing, unfortunately… Thisnis my first fanfic so please be nice. Claire'snstory after she is left alone in Florida without Hailey and Aqua. Claire'snPOV \" I'mnsorry but the number you have called is invalid, please put down thenreceiver and try again. I'm sorry but the number…\" Whatnwas the point? Who did I think was going to pick up the phone atnHailey's house when the house has been empty for 2 months? It wasnworth a try… Oh, who am I kidding? Hailey was right when she said Inhad no other friends, I've been stuck in my room for 2 months withnnothing but Hailey's fish for company. I knew I needed to get out,nbut I so desperately didn't want to look like the sad, pathetic,nloser I really am. I finally decided to get out and take anwalk along the beach. I might as well after all, just to see ifnRaymond's there… Oh, what on earth, I need to see if he's stillnsingle or if he's dating that show-off girl, Cecilia. Inpulled a white caftan over my blue swimming costume and slipped onnsome red flip-flops. My hair was a straggly mess, but I couldn't benbothered to do anything with it. As I stepped out my front door, thensunlight blinded me for a second and I had to take a step back. Incould feel the sea air on my face, but the sun was already burning mynback. I took a few steps cautiously towards the beach, feeling likenan old woman that has been scared to go outside since her husbandndied. But I had something much bigger at risk, my social life! Insaw Raymond's lifeguard chair on the beach and walked towards, justnto talk to him of course. The sand massaged my feet, and I felt happynfor the first time in 2 months. Incaught Raymond's eye and we started to walk towards each other. \"HinClaire, I haven't seen you around much lately,\" he said. Henseemed so casual, but my tummy had so many butterflies in I didn'tnknow if I could speak. \"Ohnhi Raymond, yeah, I haven't really been out a lot since Haileynmoved.\" Thank goodness I'd remembered my English and managed tonspeak. \"Yeah,nhow is she, have you heard from her?\" \"She'snokay, we speak on the phone quite a lot. She said it's nice weathernand the schools nice, but she isn't close to any beaches like shenwas here.\" \"Yeah,nthis is a great spot to live in. We're lucky. So, I'll be seeingnyou round?\" \"Uh,nyeah, I guess. Bye!\" Oh. My. Gosh. I just had a proper conversationnwith Raymond! I headed back towards my house. That was enough for onenday! ","Summary":" Disclaimer:nI own nothing, unfortunately… Thisnis my first fanfic so please be nice. Claire'snstory"},{"Movie":"Aquamarine","Title":"Underwater Tails","Author":"MasterMind13","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13117986","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is an idea I've had for months. I finally gathered enough courage to coalesce it into something readable. Besides, I've always wanted to write something for this movie. It's one of my favorites. ^_^ Oh, and the title is a play on words. You know? Tails? Tales ? You get the idea. \"Okay, time for bed, Oceania,\" said Aquamarine. \"Aww,\" groaned Oceania, \"do I have to?\" \"Yes, honey, it's a school night.\" Oceania jumped off the bed, picking up her teddy bear. She was an adorable child: she had wavy blonde hair falling to her shoulders and turquoise eyes. Aquamarine smiled at her daughter as she got ready to tuck her in. \"Will you tell me a story?\" Oceania asked while her mother was tucking her in. \"What would you like to hear?\" Aquamarine asked. \"Tell me the story of how you and Daddy met.\" Aquamarine couldn't deny her that, she'd been waiting for the moment her daughter would ask her that. It was a wonderful story to tell, and she would not be disappointed. It was the least she could do. \"You got it.\" Aquamarine pulled up her daughter's favorite chair next to the bed. Sitting down, she grabbed her bearings and began the story. \"It all started with your favorite aunties, Claire and Hailey. They found me in their club's swimming pool. It didn't start out well, what with me being a mermaid and all.\" Aquamarine giggled at the fond memory. \"Anyways, after we introduced ourselves, we agreed to meet in the morning and talk. Wouldn't you believe it, the handyman came and he had this pool cleaning machine and I got out before he could suck me in. \"So, Claire and Hailey helped me win Daddy's heart. You see, your grandpa didn't believe in love. He believed that we only marry the ones that are chosen for us.\" \"That's silly,\" said Oceania. \"How can he not believe in love?\" \"I know, you're right,\" said Aquamarine, agreeing with her daughter's remark. \"I had to prove to your grandpa that love exists, or else I'd be married off to some arrogant merman.\" She leaned in closer and continued. \"Your aunties, of course, both had a crush Daddy, but they gave him up, for me. They helped me adjust to human culture, lent me spare clothes, showed me how to look alluring to your Daddy.\" Aquamarine giggled at the memories of all those magazines she read. \"They gave me so many magazines to read and memorize. I nearly had a head rush reading all those articles. But there was something else. Cecelia Banks. She had her eyes set on Daddy, but the three of us would not be deterred. \"We did everything. Following him to his favorite spots, sending out hints of flirting. Cecelia wasn't backing down either, especially with winning Daddy's heart. But, there was a drawback. You see, at night, my tail grew back and I needed to sleep somewhere with water.\" \"Where did you sleep, Mommy?\" Oceania asked curiously. \"Well, I knew I couldn't go to the ocean because then your grandpa would take me back home,\" replied Aquamarine. \"So, Claire and Hailey took me to the water tower. I could sleep there without worrying about my father taking me home. \"On the second day, the three of us went shopping in Tampa. We bought all sorts of things: clothes, jewelry, shoes. When we came back home, I realized I'd forgotten earrings. Your aunties thought I meant the type of earrings they wear, but I meant my kind of earrings: starfish. Starfish whisper compliments into your ear when you stick them on.\" \"How did you get the starfishes?\" Oceania inquired, clutching her teddy bear. \"Didn't grandpa try to take you back?\" \"No, honey,\" said Aquamarine, cupping her daughter's cheek. \"I didn't go. Your Aunty Hailey went out to get them for me. I got her a ride on a dolphin.\" \"How did the dolphins get there?\" \"I whistled to them.\" Aquamarine replied. \"All mermaids can do it.\" \"Why didn't Aunty Claire go with her?\" Oceania asked. \"Well, you see, Claire lost her parents when she was young. And she was scared of getting into the water.\" \"That's so sad.\" \"I know, honey,\" said Aquamarine. \"Back to the story. After I got my starfish we went out and we ran into Cecelia again. She told me that Raymond asked her out to The Last Splash, that she told him that I had a boyfriend. And I just couldn't stand it. I drank a mouthful of water and spit it at her like a sprinkler.\" Oceania laughed. \"Ew, Mommy!\" Aquamarine laughed along with her daughter. By the time she stopped laughing her face got serious. \"Then, I ran off. I thought that I had lost him, I went to the beach, ready to go home, when Hailey caught up to me and we talked. She told me about how her father left her and her mother. She told me that the reason people want love so badly is because it's the closest thing to magic she—and everyone—has in the human world.\" Oceania's eyes widened in wonder. \"So,\" said Aquamarine, \"I gave it another shot. The three of us went back to the club for Last Splash. I met up with Daddy. I didn't know how to dance, I looked like I was being electrocuted by jellyfish. But Daddy taught me how to dance, and oh, it was magical. My toe-scales turned pink when I took a peek.\" She giggled as she looked down at her toenails and fingernails. They were turning yellow. Happiness. Oceania leaned forward and took a gander. She mouthed out the word 'wow.' \"What happened next, Mommy?\" Oceania cheeped as she laid back in her bed. She clutched her teddy bear in anticipation. Aquamarine sat back and continued her story. \"Well, after the dance, I needed to head back to the water tower,\" said Aquamarine. \"Daddy didn't want me to go, but I had no choice. But it wasn't a complete loss. I got to see the fireworks from the safety of the water tower. If only I had known that Cecelia had followed me to the water tower. She flashed her flashlight, I panicked, she saw my mermaid tail, and I hid in the water. She locked the door to keep me from escaping.\" Aquamarine bit her lip in resolve. Then she continued. \"But in the morning, guess what happened? Remember the handyman I mentioned earlier? The one with the pool cleaning machine? Well, he brought his own ladder, unlocked the door and got me out. He took me back to his home.\" She broke into laughter. \"You should've seen Cecelia's face when the handyman and I watched her on the news. She was so embarrassed.\" \"She must've felt like a dummy.\" Oceania hooted, laughing. Both mother and daughter laughed at the silly joke. Then Aquamarine continued the story. \"Since he helped me, I told him he gets a wish. His wish was that the lady at the club would fall in love with him. And so I granted it. He was just so happy. After that, I went to the pier, which is where Daddy found me. We talked, tried to convince me to stay longer. I couldn't get him to say why I needed to rush things. And then, Cecelia came, and she was furious. She pushed me off the pier and I fell in and my tail appeared. She and Daddy were shocked, Cecelia more than him. And because I fell in the ocean my father summoned a storm to take me back home. I tried to swim away but the waves were so much stronger than me. I held on to the buoy—the same one where Hailey got me the starfish. I grabbed on, and before I knew it Hailey—and Claire—swam all this way to save me. I couldn't believe it: Claire faced her fears to rescue me. I was touched. \"We held on to the buoy. The waves rocketed, threatening to whisk me away. And as I despaired, Claire and Hailey told me that Raymond loves me. That he truly loves me. And they also told me that they went after me because they love me. I cried a tear and it fell in the water. And just like that, the storm stopped; the skies cleared, the waves calmed down. My father now knew that love exists. Remember when I said mermaids grant wishes to those who help them? Well, I asked them what they wanted. Claire and Hailey wanted me to stay with them forever. But as touching as that was I needed to get back to my family. But I promised to visit them, even swimming all the way to Australia to see Hailey. I advised them to save their wishes. They swam back to the shore, and then Daddy came on his surfboard. I sat on his board, he was surprised to see me in...that state. \"I promised him I'd try to come back once in a while. He was willing to live with that. I went back home to talk things over with my father. We came to an agreement: I could go to the shore three days a week, and I could visit Hailey in Australia once every three months. That was fair with me. So, I drifted ashore to visit Raymond and Claire, and swam every three months to Australia, though sometimes I would speak to her on the computer at Claire's house—\" \"Mommy, what happened to Cecelia?\" Ocean interrupted. She didn't mean to disrupt the story, but she was eager to know what became of Cecelia. \"Oh right,\" said Aquamarine, \"I almost forgot. See, three weeks passed after I smoothed things over with my dad, and I washed ashore to meet Raymond. He filled me in what was going on, and he told me that Cecelia begged her father to send her to boarding school. She lost Raymond to me, and she couldn't do anything to Claire now that daddy would never let her near her again. She lost everything. The best thing for her to do was it get away from it all. So, when Claire started school, Cecelia wasn't there to hassle her.\" \"Yay! Goodbye Cecelia!\" Oceania chirped. Aquamarine chuckled. \"So then,\" she continued, \"by the time Hailey turned eighteen she moved back here to Florida. In the eyes of the law, she was an adult and could do what she wanted. And the first thing she did was move back here. She applied to college and the three of them were together. Everybody but me. I really wanted to go with them, but I had to live by my father's promise. So I had to wait for them to finish college, so I could be with them again.\" She sighed at the fond memories. \"Then what, Mommy, then what?\" Oceania pressed, kicking her legs. \"Well, it had been four years since we met.\" Aquamarine said. \"Daddy and I had been dating for a while now, and out of the blue, Ray proposed to me. 'Course, he had to speak to my father, so he could give him his blessing. It went overall okay. We had our wedding on the beach, and we went to Fiji for our honeymoon. Your daddy was blown away; he had never seen Fiji before, so it was perfect.\" She took a breath. \"Several weeks after our honeymoon, I'd gotten sick a lot. I went to the doctor and found out I was pregnant. And what was more shocking: I couldn't turn into a mermaid anymore. When I took a step in the water at the beach, nothing happened. I used a conch shell to talk to my father, and told him I was pregnant. He said that I won't be able to turn into a mermaid until I had the baby. \"I wasn't completely disappointed. I've always wanted to have a child. And Raymond was so excited about being a daddy. Claire and Hailey took me shopping for baby clothes, and I took those Lamaze classes. And Ray and I would just sit close together and watch the sunset and wait, and wait. And then, you were born, my little Oceania.\" Aquamarine then tickled her daughter's belly. Aquamarine continued her story as soon as they both stopped laughing. \"But, because I was a mermaid, I wasn't sure if you were going to be born human or a mermaid, I gave birth at home. Luckily Claire and Hailey read up on delivering a baby and they helped, and Daddy was just fretting and holding my hand the whole time.\" Suddenly footfalls echoed. Both mother and daughter turned to see the visitor. Raymond walked in. \"Aw, hey, did you start stories without me?\" he said in a playfully accusing tone. \"Yes, we did,\" replied Aquamarine. Raymond walked over to his wife and kissed her. \"How was your night with the guys?\" \"Great.\" Raymond replied. He playfully tickled his daughter's foot. \"How's my little guppy?\" \"Good.\" answered Oceania. \"Daddy can we go swimming tomorrow after school?\" \"Sure we can, kiddo.\" said Raymond. He leaned in closer and kissed her on the forehead. \"But right now you need to go sleep. School's tomorrow.\" Oceania yawned and she held her teddy bear close. Aquamarine pushed the chair back in her corner where it usually rested. As soon as she walked out the door, Raymond turned off the lights. From there the two made their way to their bedroom. \"So you sure she won't turn into a mermaid?\" Raymond asked. \"Yes,\" said Aquamarine, \"I talked to my father, he says that she won't turn into a mermaid until she reaches adulthood. And besides, we've taken her swimming before; she's never turned into a mermaid then.\" \"I just want to be sure.\" Raymond opened the door their bedroom. \"Don't forget; Claire and Hailey are coming over for game night tomorrow.\" said Aquamarine. \"I wouldn't miss it.\" said Raymond. \"Congratulations on Claire getting a boyfriend. Same for Hailey.\" \"Agreed.\" So, a few things to fill in. Oceania is Aqua and Ray's daughter. She's half mermaid and half human. This is how it goes: in my headcanon, she doesn't have colored streaks in her hair like her mother. And about her turning into a mermaid. I tried to do the math. Aqua looked like she was the same age as Claire and Hailey, so given that, I would say she got pregnant with Oceania at twenty...twenty-one? So Oceania will be able to turn into a mermaid when she's twenty-one. She'll be able to do the things her mother does. Also, about Oceania referring to Hailey and Claire as her aunties. They babysit her when her parents go out, and tell her stories. They're an impact on her and sees them as role models. P.S. The name Oceania means \"relating to the ocean.\" Rather fitting. ^_^ I wanted to use another one, but 'Moana' was already taken. ","Summary":" This is an idea I've had for months. I finally gathered enough courage to coalesce it into somethin"},{"Movie":"Aquamarine","Title":"Big Life Changes","Author":"mckenzie77","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5215072","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Clairenwas sitting in her room watching TV. Claire and Hailey had talked toneach other every single day since Hailey had moved to Australia.nLosing your best friend was hard. Sure, Claire didn't get to seenHailey in person every day like old times. But they did talk as muchnas possible. Finally after a year Claire was more than ready to gonsee Hailey for the summer. Clairenalso kept in the back of her mind one other person or should I saynmermaid, Aquamarine. The mermaid that had changed their life only anyear ago. Claire hadn't seen the mermaid since. Where was she now? Clairenturned off the TV and finished her packing. Seven weeks in Australianwith her best friend. Life seemed to be running smoothly. Clairentucked her brown hair behind one ear as she slammed her suitcasenshut. \"Claire!nAre you ready to go? We're going to miss the flight!\" Claire'sngrandma yelled from downstairs. \"I'm almost readyngrandma,\" Claire called back. She attempted to lift the suitcasenoff of the bed. Unfortunately her attempts failed and she ended upnshoving it on the floor and wrested the luggage down the steps of thenbeach house. Withnthe help of her grandparents she was able to sit the suitcase in thenback seat as they drove to the airport. *********** Onnthe plane Claire looked for her seat. She quickly found it next to anwindow. She was one of the last people on her flight. As her planenlifted into the sky she watched from the window. She loved looking atnthe clouds when they flew through them, it was amazing! Thisnwas the first time she had ever been on a plane and she wasn'tnreally scared of getting on one like Hailey was. Hailey was terrifiednwhen she first got on the plane to Australia. Hoursnpassed as they crossed the ocean. The water looked beautiful andnnothing else could be seen for miles. The plane wasn't a very goodnplane though. Claire noticed the gum that was stuck to the bottom ofnthe seat as she reached below to get her carryon bag. \"You can'tnsay I have never done anything for you Hailey,\" Claire said aloud ","Summary":" Clairenwas sitting in her room watching TV. Claire and Hailey had talked toneach other every single"},{"Movie":"Aquamarine","Title":"THE FISH N THE PRINCESS","Author":"sinka112","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5691639","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Fish –n- The Princess Once upon a time there was a princess she was looking for a prince she saw a fish with a crown. The fish was pink with a purple head. \"KISS ME\". Said the fish . \"NO\". Said the princess and she ran away. The next day she saw the fish again and asked \"Who are you?\" \" I can't tell you until you kiss me\". Said the fish. The princess said \"I'll come back tomorrow to see you!\" She got on her unicorn and she trotted away. The next day she went to the fountain. The fish was there. Then as quick as she could she kissed the fish. Then she said \"I can't breath\" and hopped into the water. She looked at the fish. It was still a fish. Then what happened to her? She went underneath the water and looked \"Ahhh\" she cried. \"look what you have done to me!\" Then they lived happily ever after. ","Summary":" The Fish –n- The Princess Once upon a time there was a princess she was looking for a prince she sa"},{"Movie":"Philadelphia","Title":"This Eternal Love of Ours","Author":"HouseKeeper13","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4636825","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ThisnEternal Love of Ours ChapternOne: Meet Disclaimer: I don't own Philadelphia, but rest assured if I did, the only thingnI'd change was more screen time for Miguel and Andy!!! Author'snNote: Oh, yeah and be nice to me, it's my first attempt atnwriting slash. I just love these two so much I felt they deservednsome back-story. Please read and review, please! It'll make me anbetter writer, and then everyone can enjoy this story! ---------------------------------------------------------- Andyncouldn't be more relieved when his professor dismissed him. It'snnot that he didn't want to be there, it was actually his favoritenclass. For some reason though, today he just felt… restless. Therenwas this feeling in him that screamed for him to go outside andndiscover whatever life-altering thing was going to reshape his life. As henstrode around campus, not entirely sure where exactly he was going henbegan to think about where his life was headed. He was in his lastnyear of graduate school and soon he was going to have to get out intonthe real world and apply everything he had been learning. While thisnprospect absolutely fascinated him, he was filled with fear. The realnworld was something completely terrifying and new for him. He wasn'tnsure he was ready. Before henknew it he found himself in front of his favorite coffee shop. It wasna little, slightly remote joint off campus that just drew him in. Henwent to the counter and ordered his usual, looking around the shopnfor a place to sit. He was more than a little perturbed that hisnfavorite spot was taken by two middle aged women gossiping aboutntheir husbands and children. His thoughts were interrupted by a voicenbehind him. \"I takenit they're in your seat.\" The voice was smooth and foreign andnAndy thought it was beautiful. He turned around to get a better looknat who was speaking to him. \"I'mnMiguel, and that's my favorite seat too. It's the best seat to—\" \"Seeneverybody else around you\", Andy finished. \"My name's Andrew\". \"Well,nAndrew, do you want to sit with me?\" Miguel asked, pushing out anchair with his foot. Andy satndown, a funny feeling sneaking up on him that maybe this man beforenhim might have something to do with his destiny. They sat down andntalked for about half an hour, getting to know each other. What Andynlearned was that Miguel was a substitute at a local high school, whonwas waiting for a permanent position to open up. He was an onlynchild, and liked movies and music and reading. He was brilliant, Andyndecided, and as they departed (Miguel's lunch break was over and henhad to get back to his class), Andy merely waved and managed a meekn\"See you around\". It was Miguel who voiced the hope Andy wasnafraid to. \"Can Inmeet you here tomorrow, Andy? Maybe the same time, or a little soonernso we could get the good table?\" The hopeful look in his eyes wasntoo much for Andy to say no to even if he wanted to. \"Sure,nMiguel, I'd like that.\" \"Good.\"nWith that, Miguel smiled and walked out of the shop, leaving a verynconfused Andy in his place. Had theynbeen flirting? Andy knew he was certainly taken by Miguel, but wasnMiguel gay too? They had certainly gotten on well enough, but thatndidn't mean that Miguel thought of him as anything more than anfriend—even if he was gay. Still, had what they set up for tomorrownbeen a date? Andy shook the thoughts from his head, unwilling tonallow himself hope that Miguel was as into Andy, as Andy was intonMiguel. He refused to allow himself to even presume that Miguel wasngay—Andy had made that mistake too many times before. The bestnthing to do was to just wait and see what tomorrow brought. ---------------------------------------------------------- When hengot to the coffee shop the next day, Miguel wasn't there. Andynpanicked slightly. Maybe it was just a joke, and Andy was falling fornit, taking it too seriously. It took all his strength to sit and waitnand not just get up and leave. But he couldn't. He was pulled tonMiguel—it was that simple. He had to wait for Miguel, on the offnchance that he would come. Andy waited for what felt like hours, butnin reality was only eight minutes. The jingle of the door openingncaught his attention as his head whipped toward the entrance. In walkednMiguel with a smile lighting up his face that was contagious. Andyneagerly waved at him, feeling too dorky for his own good, whilenMiguel laughed and walked over to him. His laugh was deep and richnand Andy decided that it was worth the stress of not knowing if henwould show up or not. At firstntalk between the two of them was easy and light. Miguel explainednthat the reason he was late was that he was waiting for a student tonfinish up a test, and Andy shared stories about his classes andnprofessors. Then, things got heavy. The two of them opened up to eachnother, though nether could explain why it took two days to share whatnthey had kept bottled up for years. Andy learned that Miguel'snfather was an ex-military drunk who beat him when he was a child, andnhis mother had died when he was young. As Miguel recounted certainn\"episodes\" his father would have, Andy tried his best not tontear. Miguel's strength was astounding to Andy, and his courage tonspeak about his childhood traumas had touched him. When Miguelnfinished recounting the last encounter he had with his dad beforenleaving for school in America, he looked up. The look he gave Andynwas intense—it seared into his soul, yet it wasn't accusatory, itnwas merely comforting, understanding, and desiring Andy to open up.nAndy stared back at Miguel with an equally intense look—offeringncomfort, empathy, and passion. Later, Andy would swear that the airnsparked between them. The moment was broken suddenly when Miguelncleared his throat and looked down at the table. \"Listen,nAndy this was fun, but I have to go.\" \"Oh.\"nAndy replied, hoping that the disappointment wasn't too evident innhis voice. \"I havento go back to school.\" Miguel offered. \"Yeah,nI understand\" Andy said, looking down at the table while Miguel gotnup and began to head for the door. Maybe he had been too intense.nMaybe he had imagined the look Miguel was giving him. Then again… \"Wait!\"nMiguel turned around, a look of hope etched across his features.n\"There's a party tonight, um… I know it's just a collegenparty, but I was wondering if maybe you might…want to go with me…nlike maybe as my um… date?\" The words were out of his mouthnbefore he had a chance to stop them. He was about to take it allnback, to laugh it off when Miguel spoke first. \"Yes!nI'd love to! Where is it and what time?\" Andy looked up innshock. Had Miguel just agreed to go on a date with him? \"Whatnif I picked you up about nine?\" Andy braved. \"Soundsnperfect. I'll give you my address.\" By thentime they had exchanged numbers and addresses, Miguel was going to benlate. As he sped off in his car, Andy sat back down at the table,nreplaying the events of the last two days. Hencouldn't believe his luck. ---------------------------------------------------------- Andynshowed up at Miguel's promptly at nine. Andy had never felt thisnnervous for a date in his entire life. He sat in his car for a goodnfive minutes before gathering up the courage to walk up to Miguel'sndoor and let the date begin. When henput his fist up to knock, the door opened, and Miguel looked out atnhim, eyes bright, and looking more relaxed than Andy had ever seennhim. \"Inthought you were never going to get out of the car\" Miguel said. \"Inthought maybe you would just drive away.\" Andy put his head down,nthoroughly embarrassed of his little display in the car. Miguel justnlaughed and put Andy out of his misery by changing the subject. \"Atnleast we don't have a time limit tonight,\" Miguel said. \"Nonpesky classroom to get back to.\" Andy shook his head eagerly innagreement. As Andy headed to the car, he was stopped by Miguel'snhand on his shoulder. \"Andy,nlisten to me. If you're that uncomfortable we don't have to donthis.\" Andy couldn't believe his ears. Did Miguel really thinknthat he didn't want to be here, when in fact, he was just nervousnabout not being able to show Miguel a good time? \"Miguel,nI want to do this.\" And with that, he grabbed his hand as theynwalked the rest of the way to the car. The drivento the party was as comfortable as their previous conversations innthe coffee shop, but once they arrived at the party things gotnawkward again. Andy didn't know if Miguel was open about hisnpreference, and if Miguel expected him to continue holding his handnand showing affection. Instead, the two of them walked into the loudnroom standing close to one another, and looking around for a goodnplace to stand. They tried to have a conversation, but the party wasntoo loud for that, so they stayed at the party for about two hours,nthe air awkward between them as each was clearly out of theirnelement. Neither knew the boundaries of the other and were unsurenwhat would be okay or not. Miguel tried his best to make Andy feelncomfortable that he was having a good time, while Andy was justntrying not to let his uncomfortable feelings ruin Miguel's night.nFinally, Andy spoke up. \"Do younwant to get out of here, maybe see a movie or something?\" Miguelncould not answer fast enough. \"Yes,nplease!\" So, Andynand Miguel headed back to the car and once alone again in the comfortnof the drive to the theatre they again slipped into easynconversation. There was so much to learn about each other that therenwasn't a silent moment the entire car ride. When they finallynarrived at the theatre, the two walked inside, hands lingering butnnot touching, and went inside their theatre. They were the only onesninside the theatre, and the two of them spent the duration of thenmovie laughing as loud as they wanted, and yelling at the screen.nAbout half way through the movie, Miguel reached over and held Andy'snhand. They stayed that way until the end credits. ---------------------------------------------------------- Once backnat Miguel's house, Andy parked the car and turned to face Miguel. \"Andy,nyou seem to have a problem getting out of the car when you arrive atnmy house. What's wrong?\" Andy turned to Miguel, incredulous thatnsomething could be wrong after the great time they had had at thenmovies. \"I justndon't want this night to end. I would bring you back to our coffeenshop, but it's been closed for hours. I just wanted you to have angood time.\" Miguel rolled his eyes and got out of the car. \"Comenon.\" Andynreluctantly followed Miguel to his doorstep while Miguel unlocked thendoor and opened it. After stepping inside he turned around. \"By thenway Andy, I this was one of the best first dates I've ever had.nThank you.\" Before Andy knew it, Miguel had kissed him on the cheeknand had walked inside, shutting the door behind him. As Andy turnednaway, he heard a yell coming through the door. \"Younbetter still be there at the coffee shop tomorrow. By leaving me withna first date as fun as this one you're obligated to take me on ansecond. It's the rules.\" Andynswore of his hatred for breaking the rules, and laughing, drove backnto school, eager for lunch tomorrow and the promises it held. Author'snNote: Please review! Suggestions and criticism are loved. I'm anbig girl, I can take it.[Chapter 2] This Eternal Love ofnOurs Chapter Two: Kiss Author'snNote: Hey everyone, thanks for making it this far into chapterntwo. For the first time in my life I've actually made a plotnoutline for each chapter and I am determined to stick to it. Inthought this would help me avoid writer's block and would enable mento get chapters up more quickly (plus I may actually finish it!). Ha.nI'm really very sorry that this took me forever to post chapterntwo. Believe it or not the plot outline was very specific and I knewnwhat I wanted to happen this chapter, but I didn't know what specifically . So basically the whole thing holding up thenentire story was (are you ready for this): what they would do onntheir second date! It really is very trivial I know, but it just heldnup everything! So, without further ado: Chapter Two of \"ThisnEternal Love\". English major people would this be put innquotations, meaning short story, or underlined meaning novella? I'mnthinking it will be of novella length, but what is \"novellanlength\"? ChapternTwo: Kiss Miguelnwas nervous to say the least. He had been meeting Andy every daynsince their first date, but always at the coffee shop. After theirnlast date started off as a fiasco, they weren't too eager fornanother public date. But they were sick of meeting as friends in thencoffee shop every day, and were ready for a second real date. Thenanswer to their problems came when the owner of the coffee shop camento them to tell them that there was an 'Open Mike Night' in threendays, and they were welcomed and encouraged to attend. It seemed thenperfect date idea for their second try. Before Miguel knew it \"threendays\" had shrunk to \"twenty minutes\". He andnAndy had been taking things slow, but not by any choice of theirs.nThe right moment just hadn't come along and the two of them werendetermined to make the moment special. They hadn't actuallyndiscussed how they felt about public displays of affection in greatndepth, but the general consensus was that because neither of them hadncome out, they would not flaunt their relationship. However, Miguelnfound himself so attracted to Andy, he didn't know how much longernhe could continue without some displays of affection. Miguelnwas broken out of his reverie at the sound of a series of knocks onnhis door and Andy's voice yelling to him. \"Miguel,ncome on, we're gonna miss the opening act!\" Miguelngrabbed his coat and keys as he walked to the door and shouted to hisnboyfriend. \"Relax,nAndy! We have plenty of time. We might have had more if you hadnactually picked me up on time, but I'll let it slide.\" Theynstopped in the doorway, face to face, each aware of the powerfulnfeeling of their stomachs catching in their throats. While staringninto the other's eyes they never felt themselves lose control, butnthey lost it all the same. As they closed their eyes and leaned intoneach other, within moments, both the men were out of breath and merencentimeters from the other. Suddenly, the sound of a car nearbynbackfiring brought them jerking away from each other and back intonreality, each thoroughly embarrassed. They hustled back to Andy'sncar, each blushing and babbling, and feeling very put-out at theninconvenience of the commotion, moderately anxious about thenanticipation they were feeling towards their first kiss, and just anlittle relieved they hadn't blown it yet. Andynwas the first to speak as they drove off in the car towards theirncoffee shop. \"Miguel, do you ever have the feeling that thenexpectations for this kiss are spiraling out of control? I feel likeneach time we have an inkling of a moment, it results in us about tonkiss. Then, some unforeseen outside force breaks it up. Maybe it'snan omen.\" \"Andy,ndon't say that. The right moment just hasn't happened. We decidedntogether that we were going to make it special. Maybe all thisnanticipation is going to work in our favor. Maybe it'll pay off.nYou're not having regrets, are you?\" \"Onlynthat I didn't kiss you the first time we met at the coffee shop.\" Thenconversation quickly fell back into their normal banter, and within anhalf hour, they arrived at the coffee shop. -------------------------------------------- \"Andy,\"nMiguel shouted over the sound of the band. \"I know I'm notnaccustomed to American music, but does it always hurt this badly?\" \"Notnif it's done right! I can feel my ears bleeding.\" \"Donyou want to go somewhere else?\" \"It'snonly the first act! I'm sure the others will be better.\" Unfortunatelynfor Andy, he was very, very wrong. The acts seemed to get worse andnworse, and after a two poets, one who spoke of unicorns and the othernwho spoke of death, the men were beginning to dread how the rest ofnthe relationship would go based on the first two disastrous dates. Thennight continued in similar fashion, with Miguel and Andy sneakingnglances, and finding excuses to touch one another. Miguel's handnwould brush Andy's thigh, or Andy would graze Miguel's foot withnhis own, just slightly wrapping his foot around the other man'snankle when he would innocently stretch between performers. However,nthe touches were subtle and fleeting, and despite the enjoymentnMiguel found himself increasingly conscious of the quality of thenperformances, his observations quickly becoming paranoia as hencontinually leaned over to remind Andy that they could just go if henwanted to. Andy would turn to Miguel and tell him \"it's okay\". Miguel'snmind was whirring at breakneck speed. Was Andy joking? Was he beingnpatronizing? He couldn't refer to the music as being \"okay\",ncould he? Miguel almost laughed aloud at the thought. True, henconsidered himself a musical aficionado, but even someone with nontaste in music could see how terrible these acts were. Right? Maybe,njust maybe Andy was enjoying the music. What would he think of Miguelnpressuring him to leave? Miguel didn't want Andy to think that evennthough the music was great, Miguel couldn't stand being with himnany longer. He considered telling Andy that he didn't want to getnaway from him, but if Andy hadn't been thinking about that in thenfirst place, Miguel would be planting it in his head, and it wouldncome to his mind, even if it hadn't been there before. DespitenMiguel's inner turmoil, Andy kept his eyes trained on the stagenahead of him. When a performer who had performed some sort of yelp tonan acoustic guitar had finished, the owner came on the stage andnannounced it was the end of Open Mike Night. Miguel didn't fail tonnotice that she hadn't thanked the performers for coming out tonperform. He turned to his side and to face Andy, trying with all hisnmight to read the expression on the man's face for some indicationnof what he was feeling. After a couple moments, Andy stood up andnstretched, looking around the room as he did so. \"Well,nit seems you weren't the only one with the idea to leave. The placenis basically empty.\" Miguelnblushed. So Andy had thought Miguel had wanted to get out of the datenearly. His stomach was knotted as he desperately searched for thenright words to apologize and explain his desire to make it a goodnfirst date without offending Andy. Miguel's mouth hung open as henstammered incoherently. Putting him out of his misery, Andy took hisnhand and cupped it around Miguel's chin as he gently pushed his jawnup, effectively closing his mouth. Miguel wondered briefly about thencalluses on Andy's fingers, before Andy proceeded to put a fingernagainst Miguel's lips. Miguel swallowed hard against the pressurenof Andy's finger on his own lips. Andy silently moved his hand toncup Miguel's cheek, his finger dragging across Miguel's lips asnhe went. In a daze, Miguel reached up to place his hand over Andy's,nfeeling the contrast of Andy's smooth skin to his calloused palms.nFinding himself struggling to catch his breath, Miguel licked hisnlips where the ghost of Andy's finger still remained. As Andynlicked his own lips and leaned in toward Miguel, Miguel felt hisnpulse quicken. Suddenly, he was snapped out of the moment, as Andy'snhand yanked out of his at the sound of Karen, the owner addressingnthem both as she placed chairs up on the tables. \"I'mnnot going to even bother asking if you boys enjoyed the show and hadna good time. I just hope I didn't ruin your date.\" Miguelnand Andy looked at one another, unsure of how to react, or even hownto read Karen's comment. She hadn't sounded condescending orndisapproving, and her face read nothing but honest regret to mimicnher words. As Andy began delivering some story about how they werenjust friends, trying his best to charm Karen, Miguel cut across him.nHe wasn't sure whether he had spoken out jealousy at seeing Andyncharm Karen, out of astonishment that Karen knew about theirnrelationship, or out of embarrassment for being seen about to kissnanother man in a public place. \"Actually,nit's our second date.\" Karennsmiled warmly at them both. \"I'm sorry I couldn't have providedna more enjoyable setting.\" \"Youndid fine honey,\" Andy said, kissing her cheek. AgainnMiguel found himself speaking before he could stop himself, this timenfully aware that jealousy was the cause. \"How did you know?\" \"Oh\",nKaren said, taken aback. \"I didn't know it was a secret. I'mnvery sorry! I've just seen you two together every day at the shop,nand I saw you guys tonight… I didn't mean to embarrass you.\" Andynsmiled warmly at Karen, much to the displeasure of Miguel. \"Honey,ndon't worry about it.\" \"I'mnsure no one else noticed,\" she said hurriedly. \"It's not likenI've ever seen you two be affectionate, and I haven't mentionednit to anyone. The way I see it, it's no one's business butnyours.\" \"ThanksnSweetie,\" Andy said. \"We'll see you tomorrow, okay?\" \"Sure,nAndy. Bye Miguel.\" Miguelnfelt his face heat up as he watched Andy hug Karen goodbye andnwhisper something in her ear. Thencar ride home was a quiet one, each man concentrating on his ownnthoughts. Whennthey arrived back at Miguel's house, Andy turned off the car, andnMiguel unbuckled his seatbelt and turned to confront Andy. \" Sweetie?nHoney?! Whatnthe Hell was that about, Andy?! You never hug me. You never call mensome cute little nickname. I'm the one whose supposed to be yournbloody boyfriend! This isn't going to work if you're going to actnlike that around women.\" Andynsat dumbstruck as Miguel opened the door and stalked off towards hisnhouse. Recovering, Andy quickly pulled off his seatbelt and rushedntowards Miguel. \"Youncalled me your boyfriend.\" Miguelnignored the flushing of his ears as he turned on Andy. \"Don'tnchange the subject, Andy. You were too—too… natural around her! It's not supposed to look so right.\" Andyngrabbed Miguel's hand that held the key he had been turning in thenlock. \"That's not what right looks like, Miguel. You and me.nThat's what's right. Looks have nothing to do with it.\" Withnthat he roughly grabbed Miguel's hair and pulled him closer, theirnlips roughly crashing together, ebbing and flowing like waves of thenocean as they found a rhythm coming together. Miguel was the first tonpull away, out of breath. \"Everyonencan see us out here.\" \"Screwneveryone else.\" Withnthat, it was Miguel's turn to bring Andy to him. The kiss was muchnmore gentle and calm than the first, conveying a feeling of affectionnand caring instead of the desperation and longing of their first. Thenfirst kiss had been passionate and unruly, this one was practiced andnsensual. Thisntime it was Andy to pull away, panting slightly as a goofy smilencrossed his features. \"So,nyour boyfriend?\" \"Well,nI don't just kiss any of my friends like that.\" \"Good.\" \"Goodnnight, Andy.\" \"'Night,nMiguel.\" Withnthat the two leaned forward together for one last goodnight kiss, andnfound themselves bumping their noses. As they pulled away, rubbingntheir noses, they laughed nervously, and Miguel voiced what was onnboth their minds. \"Atnleast we made it through our first kiss without any disaster.\" Andynlaughed and agreed, placing his forehead against Miguel's for anminute before kissing him on the cheek. Miguel placed his hand overnwhere Andy's lips had been and smiled wide. Andy'snsmile mirrored Miguel's as he asked him, \"So, that music reallynsucked, huh?\" Author'snNote: Verynsorry this took so long. I'll be going away in a couple of days,nand won't have internet. However, I will have plenty of time tonwrite, and am expecting to be able to post a couple new chapters whennI get back on Sunday/Monday. Hope you review, and enjoyed thenchapter.[Chapter 3] This Eternal Love of Ours Chapter Three: Fight Author's Note: I've developed a schedule to hopefully keep this story running smoothly without much delay. While I can't promise perfect adherence to the schedule, be expecting updates on or around every Monday. The bad news is the story won't be finished until mid July. The good news is so far it has thirty planned chapters. Please read and review, it's hard writing a story with so little a following, and even less reviews, as it leaves me unsure of people's reactions, which doesn't improve my writing skills any. Chapter Three: Fight \"Miguel, I really don't see how this is any of your business!\" \"That's exactly what the problem is, isn't it Andy? You're too selfish to think how anything could affect me!\" \"Well, maybe if you didn't think everything was about you we wouldn't have this problem!\" \"Andy, why can't you accept that we're a couple, so whether you like it or not, your decisions affect me?\" \"Because some things don't affect you at all. Some things in my life are about me, and no one else!\" \"If something affects you that affects me!\" \"Stop thinking you somehow have a say in what happens to me.\" \"We're committed to each other, Andy! That means I'm entitled to concern for your well being.\" \"No it doesn't Miguel, we're not married!\" \"What the hell does that have to do with it?! By entering into a relationship with me you're acknowledging that we're equals and involved in each other's lives.\" \"I don't need you this involved in my life! I don't need to turn to you for life advice. You're a failed artist who decided to play it safe and become an English teacher because you were too afraid to try and fail at what you loved. I won't take advice from someone who can't live their own life to their satisfaction.\" \"That was so far over the line. Why can't you see this isn't about career choices, it's about your health? Why can't you see that? I'm trying to be mature about this, but you're acting like some kid. God, Andy! I don't need to take this crap from some child who is too self involved to put as much into this relationship as I am. You're just more trouble than you're worth.\" \"If I'm so much trouble, why don't I just rid you of your burden?\" Andy was regretting the words before they even left his mouth. He tried to stop himself, to pull them back in, but his pride was too much, so he turned around and walked out of the room, picked up his keys and left Miguel's apartment. He hadn't meant to push Miguel so hard. In fact, he couldn't believe he had brought up Miguel's art. One of Andy's favorite things about Miguel was that he was an artist. He had the soul of an artist. Sure, he was a great teacher—Miguel was great at whatever he decided he wanted to master. But in his heart, he would always be an artist. As such, he had the temperament of an artist, which Andy found both fascinating and an incredible turn on. He knew Miguel was passionate, and with that passion came a temper, it had just never been directed at him before. He and Miguel had never fought before. As he reached his car Andy sat in the driver's seat and put his keys into the ignition. He wanted to drive away and never look back, but he couldn't find it in him to turn the key and leave. Miguel was sensitive to his shortcomings as an artist. It was his biggest insecurity, and he had trusted Andy enough to confide that in him. Andy was furious with himself for betraying that trust, and hated that he had hurt the person he so desperately wanted to protect from the uglyness and evil of the world. Andy just never thought he would have to protect Miguel from him. The more he realized how badly he had hurt Miguel, the more his anger dissipated, and his feelings turned to guilt and shame. Something inside of him fought the feelings, no doubt the part of him that felt the need to hurt Miguel in the first place. That part of him pointed out that Miguel had also drawn upon Andy's greatest insecurity. It was hard for Andy to control his jealousy. He was very aware of just how attractive his boyfriend was, and often found himself fighting the urge to revolt whenever he caught women or even the odd man eyeing Miguel, flirting with him, Andy all the while powerless to stop them and let them know just how off limits Miguel was to him. Andy was constantly afraid of losing him to someone else, it made him incredibly self conscious, and particularly concerned about his age. The age difference between Miguel and Andy was enough that it made Andy self conscious about his own maturity level, and his ability to retain Miguel's interest. He could kill himself for just making his immaturity even more evident through his childish arguments, but he was also hurt Miguel had brought it up. Andy was so distraught and so torn from the stress of the fight, the pain at hurting Miguel, the anger with himself for being so immature, and the fear that was dawning on him that he may have lost his boyfriend was too much. He put his hands over his face and began to sob. His crying was interrupted when he heard the sound of a knock on the window of his car. Without even looking, Andy knew it was Miguel. Suddenly, he was aware of how foolish he looked, in his car in front of Miguel's apartment, not leaving, and feared Miguel was there to tell him to get away from his property. Andy hurriedly wiped at his eyes, knowing Miguel had already seen him crying, and fumbled to turn the key and drive away before he had to hear Miguel say it. His car stalled, and he lost all semblance of control, breaking down into great sobs. Andy was only vaguely aware that Miguel had left his side, when suddenly he heard the sound of the passenger seat opening and turned to see Miguel sitting next to him. Before he knew what was happening, Miguel had wrapped his arms around him, his strong embrace comforting, as he held Andy and whispered soothingly to him as Andy's cries turned to quiet heaves of his body, and eventually, sniffles. When he had calmed down, Miguel wiped his tears with his thumb and turned to him. \"Andy, we need to talk.\" \"I'm sorry, I'll be gone in a minute.\" \"Andy, you're not getting out of this conversation that easily.\" \"Listen, I don't need to hear you tell me you want to break up. I got that message already when you told me I was more trouble than I was worth.\" \"Andy, you don't understand—\" \"No, I do. It's okay. You don't have to explain. You were right. You deserve better. You deserve someone as intelligent and passionate and mature as you.\" \"You think I want to break up?! Because of some stupid fight? Andy, will you just shut up a minute and listen to me? I don't want to break up. It's the last thing I really want right now.\" Andy averted his eyes and mumbled the words that had been haunting him for so long. \"You can have so much better than me.\" Miguel was shocked. \"Andy, there is no one better than you. What makes you think I could find someone who would make me as happy as you do?\" \"Miguel, you could find someone as talented as you, and as passionate, and as intelligent, and as attractive, and as mature…\" Miguel shook his head, and grabbed Andy's hand. \"Is that what this is about? Andy, I had no idea you felt so insecure. I'm sorry if I haven't told you how much you mean to me, that you think you're not all those things. The truth is, I want you Andy, and no one else.\" \"But you even said I was immature—\" \"I said you were acting immature. Which you were. You need to realize that we're in a serious relationship, and you and your life affects my life.\" Andy thought about that for a long time. Finally, he decided on saying what was in his heart. \"I'm sorry I said you didn't make anything important of your art. I just think you have more talent than you're aware of, and you need to not be so afraid of failure. You need to let yourself out there and do what you love.\" Miguel didn't know what to say. He was touched at Andy's words, but failed to find the words to tell him so. Instead, he leaned over and kissed Andy. The kiss was sweet and gentle, and conveyed all the feelings of gratitude and regret and apology that had remained unspoken. When they broke apart, Miguel was the first to speak. \"Maybe I'll go back to school for a little while, and get the proper certification to be an art teacher. It would be a shame to let my education degree go to waste.\" Andy smiled. \"Only if you actively try to sell and create your artwork on the side.\" \"Deal.\" They sat that way for a long time, holding each other, and assuring themselves that the relationship held a future—a great future. \"Miguel,\" Andy said, \"I think this fight was a good thing. I mean we survived it, and I think we're actually better off for it.\" \"I think you're right. It's funny. It seems like such a small thing we were fighting over in the first place.\" \"You're right,\" Andy said, running his thumb over Miguel's knuckles absentmindedly. \"I can barely remember what it was about at all.\" \"You wanted to go skydiving this weekend with your sister and her boyfriend. I didn't want you to go because I was afraid you'd hurt yourself.\" Miguel supplied, his face sincere. Andy laughed, \"Miguel, I wasn't being serious when I said that. I remember perfectly well what we were arguing about, it's just a figure of speech. I'm not sure how I could forget.\" Miguel's facial expression remained unchanged. \"But you're not going, right?\" Andy studied Miguel for a long time. He sensed fear, not in a motherly concern for some possible broken bones, but a deep seeded, real fear that was hurting him. He squeezed his hand, and asked \"Miguel, why don't you want me to go?\" \"I already told you. I'm afraid you'll hurt yourself.\" Andy remained patient, searching Miguel's eyes for the answer. \"It's something more than that. What?\" Miguel sighed, and looked Andy straight in the eyes. \"I'm afraid of losing you. If something happened to you, I mean something bad--really bad, and you got sick or died, I don't know what I'd do. I need you Andy, I need you with me. Without you, I'm not sure how well I'd function, or how long I could keep going.\" His answer startled Andy. He had had no idea how terrified Miguel was of losing him, but he could see how real his fear was etched across every feature of his face. At that moment, Andy knew he would do everything in his power to shelter Miguel from having to realize that fear. \"Miguel, nothing is going to happen to me. You won't have to go on without me.\" They both knew that Andy had no right to make a promise so far out of his hands. Andy and Miguel knew that there was no guarantee of a tomorrow for the two of them, but what they did know was that if they had the choice, they'd have that tomorrow—and that was enough for them, for now. \"I think I'll be calling my sister to tell her I won't be able to go with her this weekend.\" \"Do you have to call now? Can't it wait a little while?\" \"I can wait as long as you need me to.\" \"I'm sorry you aren't going skydiving.\" \"You really don't want me to?\" \"No.\" \"Then I'm not sorry.\" Author's Note: The next chapter will be entitled \"Love\", so I'm sure you are all capable of making the mental leap to infer what happens, but in the chapter after that, the story will have a rating change to M, so if you're looking for it, please remember to re-adjust your rating filters. ","Summary":" ThisnEternal Love of Ours ChapternOne: Meet Disclaimer: I don't own Philadelphia, but rest assured "},{"Movie":"Philadelphia","Title":"Without A Kiss","Author":"AlIsBack","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6426080","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Without A Kiss Author's note: First: Sorry it took me so long to upload something new. This story will have more chapters. Maybe one, maybe two or three. There will be a little \"gift\" such as a song or a poem at the end of each chapter. Sounds weird, I know. Thank you already for reading it. Review! I tried unlock the door silently. The only thing I wanted to do right now was taking a shower, going to bed, and telling him I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I love you. David Letterman was on the TV but I didn't listen. \"Mikey?\" There was no answer. I found him sleeping on the couch. He looked beautiful and handsome as everytime. I wanted to touch him but I didn't dare to. The light of the TV was lighting up his face. I never looked at him that way. Now, that I experiecend something so unfamiliar, he looked even more beautiful and handsome. Innocent and peacefull. Like a little child. His torso going up and down. His lids were fluttering and made his lashes look like they were dancing. Miguel opned his eyes. \"What time is it?\" \"Late.\" \"Jesus..You had to work long?\" \"Mhmm..\" \"My poor baby.\" He kissed me. Don't kiss me. I don't deserve it. \"Are we going to bed?\" \"Sure..\" There it is again. That feeling that rises in my stomach and overcomes my entire body. I felt it immediatley after leaving the theater. Is it a feeling of guilt, of shame, regret? Probably everything. My head was aching, there were to many thoughts, questions. How could I? Why? How? Tell him? Don't tell him? What am I to do? I went to bed. There had to be something to happen. While I walked home the scenraio apperared over and over infront of my mind's eye. Maybe there was nothing going to happen. Just forget it. Live with that bad conscience. Why not? It's my fault. But I know I can't. I couldn't lie to his face. He is my man, my love. \"Good night.\" \"Good night, baby.\" I turned away. I just couldn't look into his beautiful brown eyes. He wrapped an arm around me, held me tight. Kissed my neck. \"I love you..\" I want to say, don't- I'm not worth it. \"Miguel.\" \"I love you so much.\" With one quick move he lay on top of me. \"Miguel, I need to..\" He pressed his finger to my lips. \"Shh, no talking except in Spanish..\" \"All I know is how to count till ten..\" He kissed me. \"Uno.\" Again. \"Dos.\" Again. \"Tres.\" \"Miguel. What. Are. You. Doing?\" \"What does it feel like?\" It feels graet, go on. I wish I could say that. Tell him now. Tell him. \"I didnt work that long today.. I went to the Stallions and..\" \"To that porno theatre?\" His romantic mood seemed to have passed in seconds. \"No. Well, yes.\" He laughed. All he did was laughing. \"Why didn't you call me? We could have gone there together.\" \"Yeah.. Well. I guess, I made a mistake.\" \"Was the movie that bad?\" Oh god he had no idea. I can still stop it here, right now. But I can't. He didn't even suggested it. That was how big his heart, how pure his love was. How naive. And yet beautiful. \"Erm.. See.\" Do it fast or slow? \"Yeah?\" \"I had.. Ihadsexwithsomestranger.\" It flew over my lips like one word. \"You had what?\" He looked at me with his \"I-don't-believe-it-\"expression. \"Uhmm.. Sex?\" \"That's a joke.\" \"I wish it was.\" He sat up, switched the light on. Didn't look at me. He just shook his head in disbelief over and over again. \"Why?\", he whispered. But even in this short word his voice cracked. I always knew what I had to say. That was necessary for my work. I am a lawyer and I can talk, really talk. \"How can you do that to me?\" \"I..\" \"I don't get it.\" Me neither. \"I gave you everything. Everything. You know what, I've been in love in my life two times. Two times. I was betrayed two times in my life. Is it about me? Is it my fault? Am I not good enough for you? What is it?\" \"Miguel..\" \"WHAT? I think I'm gonna sleep on the couch.\" \"Can't we talk?\" \"ABOUT WHAT?\" \"You wanna break up?\" \"No, I mean. I don't know. No. I just want to sleep on the couch.\" \"I'm sorry.\" \"Just shut the fuck up.\" He started crying. \"I love you, Mikey.\" \"SHUT UP! Just leave me alone. LEAVE ME ALONE, OKAY? JUST PISS OFF!\" I can't leave you alone. I want to talk to you, I need to apologize, I need to say sorry. I want to spend my life with you. I won't give us up. I was supid. I was a fool. Maybe I still am but I love you. I decided to leave the room. \"I better go and sleep downstairs.\" \"Yeah, do what you want.\" When I left the room, he said \"Did you kiss him?\" \"No.\" He nodded, wiped off his tears. I wanted to hug him, wanted to say Sorry, Sorry, Sorry. Please forgive me. Please. But I just turned around and went. I couldn't even make it to the living room. I sat down at the stairs and stared into the darkness. His muted sobs broke my heart. I hated myself. Hated what I've done. It was fast and meaningless and yet it took the most precious thing in my life. I thought about going back upstairs. About talking to him. But I was afraid. The next thing I can remeber was that he was rushing down the stairs. He wore shoes and his jacket. \"Where are you going?\" \"Out.\" \"What are you gonna do?\" He turned round and looked at me. \"I'm going to go to a bar. And I'm gonna pour out myself some whiskey so that I get so fucking drunk untill I pass out and forget your face.\" I was quite shocked. That was so not Miguel. \"No.. You won't.\" \"Yes. I will.\" I was looking for the right words. New words. But the only thing I could manage was Can't we talk? \"Can't we talk?\" \"Honestly-no.\" With that he walked out and slammed the door. Woke up and for the first time, the animals were gone It's left this house empty now, not sure if I belong Yesterday you asked me to write you a pleasant song I'll do my best now, but you've been gone for so long The window's open now and the winter settles in We'll call it Christmas when the adverts begin I love your depression and I love your double chin I love 'most everything that you bring to this offering Oh I know that I left you in places of despair Oh I know that I love you, so please throw down your hair At night I trip without you, and hope I don't wake up 'Cause waking up without you is like drinking from an empty cup Woke up and for the first time the animals were gone Our clocks are ticking now so before our time is gone We could get a house and some boxes on the lawn We could make babies and accidental songs I know I've been a liar and I know I've been a fool I hope we didn't break yet, but I'm glad we broke the rules My cave is deep now, yet your light is shining through I cover my eyes, still all I see is you Oh I know that I left you in places of despair Oh I know that I love you, so please throw down your hair At night I trip without you, and hope I don't wake up 'Cause waking up without you is like drinking from an empty cup The Animals Were Gone - Damien Rice[Chapter 2] I looked around. I needed to break something. I was so angry, I felt like I needed to destroy something. \"Shit.. Shit.. SHIT, SHIT FUCKING FUCKED UP FUCKING SHIT!\" I don't remember how long I kept screaming, I just know that sometime the screaming turned into crying. Crying into screaming. Screaming to crying. Crying to sobbing. Sobbing to screaming. Miguel sat down at the bar. \"What can I do for you, kid?\" \"Need something to drink.\" \"I see that, you look like a piece of shit.\" The barkeeper laughed loudly. He had dark brown hair, a beard, was tall and muscular. A tattoo was visible on his arm. Miguel didn't say a word. \"What do you wanna drink, kid?\" \"Whiskey, wodka, gin. I don't care.\" The barkeeper looked at Miguel. \"You really look like a broken hearted piece of shit. Here, take that.\" He poured out a shot of whiskey. Miguel just nodded. \"It's on the house, kid.\" He downed the whiskey with one gulp. And slammed the glass onto the table. The barkeeper poured out one other. \"I guess a second one. Hm, kid?\" \"Yeah..\" \"Ain't you way too young to have a broken heart?\" Miguel rubbed his eyes. They were dry of tears. \"How old are you, kid?\" Miguel didn't feel like talking. \"25.\" \"That's WAY TOO YOUNG.\" Miguel reached out his glass for a third drink. \"You're the man, kid.\" \"Could you please just stop calling me kid.\" \"No way, you're a kid.\" Miguel drank the fourth and the fith shot, as he asked for one more the barkeeper said:\"Go home, listen to some sad music and pray to god. There won't be sixth one for you.\" \"I'll break up.\" Miguels voice was shaking and jittery. \"Tomorrow will be a new day, kid.\" Miguel threw 40 dollars on the table. \"For you, kid \", he said. \"Don't get caught by the cops!\" Miguel walked out of the bar. It was cold outside but he was too drunk to realize it. \"Why did you do that, Drew? I don't get it... Jesus. Jesus Christ. Oh my god..\" He was talking to himself. That was the way it should end? Miguel didn't know whta to cry over first. That he had been cheated on, that they were about to break up. That his whole life seemed to be a mess without Andy? He wanted to be with him so desperatlely but he didn't know how to deal with the fact Andy had sex with another man. He never would have guessed it. Miguel knew he had always been jealous when other man were around Andy but it was never that serious. To Miguel, it was just a sign of his deep affection and love for Andy. Although Andy complained a few times about his boyfriends temper and jealously, he always felt a little bit flattered. This was different. Miguel was wondering what disturbed him most. That all his trust was lost or was it only the sex? He looked up at the sky and pointed out a finger. \"Hey, you. God. If you really exist why did you let this happen?Just tell me why! Or tell me what am I to do? Just a little sign, he? Just a little sign.. Just a little fucking sign!\" Miguel wanted something to happen so badly that suddenly there was a breeze that blew a magazine about stars and society out of the garbage bin. YOU HAVE TO FORGIVE AND GIVE YOUR LOVE A CHANCE said the caption, it was the quotation of some really bad actress. \"That's the sign?\" Miguel laughed but as he picked up the magazine and read it, he whispered: \"Oh.. Jesus. This is sick..\" He needed to go home, he had no other choice. He looked in his pockets for his key but it wasn't there. He had forgot it inside as he left in such rage and anger. Knocking at the door seemed to be the only option. There's still a little bit of your taste in my mouth There's still a little bit of you laced with my doubt It's still a little hard to say what's going on There's still a little bit of your ghost your witness There's still a little bit of your face I haven't kissed You step a little closer each day That I can´t say what´s going on Stones taught me to fly Love, it taught me to lie Life, it taught me to die So it's not hard to fall When you float like a cannonball Cannonball - Damien Rice[Chapter 3] \"I didn't think you'd be back tonight.\" Miguel looked at Andy with unseeing eyes. \"Yeah, whatever.\" It was 2am, Andy hadn't fall asleep at all. He just sat at the kitchen table for about two hours thinking about what to do next. But making a thought was hard enough. His head felt so incredibly heavy. Miguel stepped inside and threw himself down to the sofa. \"Are you okay?\" Miguel turned his head towards Andy and looked at him disbelievlingly. \"Well, yeah. I'm fine. Best day in my life. You know, my boyfriend, he just cheated on me. But hey, that's okay with me. Honestly.\" \"Miguel.. I\" \"Andrew, honey. I'm drunk.\" Andy was desperate. There were so many things to explain, to talk about and Miguel just lay there, drunk. Andy had never seen him so out of control because of alcohol before. But infact, it wasn't the alcohol that made Miguel look so wasted. There had to be something to happen this night. Things wouldn't get easier the next morning. \"You should get some rest..\", was all Andy said. But it wasn't necessary anymore, Miguel already fell asleep. Andy pulled of Miguel's shoes and placed a kiss to his cheek. \"Sorry.. Sorry, Mikey..\", he whispered. Hoping things would get better Andy decided to try to get some sleep himself. The bed seemed too empty without Miguel, Andy reached out for Miguel's pillow and held it tight. It had the smell of his hair on it and made Andy feel a little bit closer to his boyfriend who was sleeping just downstairs. Andy looked at his alarm clock, minutes seemed to pass like hours. He just hoped to get tired of thinking and that that would made him fall asleep. After an uncomfortable sleep Andy woke up when he heard Miguel's voice. \"I just packed some stuff. And I guess..\" It seemed hard to speak for him. \"Guess.. Maybe. We just need a break or something?\" There it was, that typical 'I think we need a break.I think we have to get some distance-thing!' \"Just to get some distance..\", he continued. \"Erm.. See, Miguel. I can't do more than just apologize over and over again.\" \"No, it's okay. Just don't do it anymore.\" Did he just say IT'S OKAY? \"Right.. yeah. I won't. You mean apologizing or having sex with a stranger?\" That was definitely the wrong thing to say. Miguel just shook his head. \"It's not like I don't love you. But maybe I should consider stopping it. It doesn't seem to be that good for both of us.\" \"Miguel, don't say that..\" \"Sorry, Andy. I don't know how this is going on.\" \"Where do you want to go?\" \"There might be a little place for a man like me in the City of Brotherly Love, eh?\" Miguel left. City sounds. Voices. Birds. People. Too many people. Laughing. People rushing towards streets. Shopping. Miguel left. Love. Men. Women. Children. Homeless. Andy left alone. City sounds. The city reaches its arms out, puts them around you. But this loneliness won't subside because it's just a broken embrace. Looking from the window above It's like a story of love Can you hear me? Came back only yesterday Who went further away Want you near me All I needed was the love you gave All I needed for another day And all I ever knew Only you Sometimes when I think of his name When it's only a game And I need you Listen to the words that you say It's getting harder to stay When I need you All I needed was the love you gave All I needed for another day And all I ever knew Only you This is gonna take a long time And I wonder what's mine Can't take no more Wonder if you'll understand It's just the touch of your hand Behind a closed door All I needed was the love you gave All I needed for another day And all I ever knew Only you Only you – Joshua Radin[Chapter 4] It took Miguel 4 days to return. Both of them had never suffered that much. Andy had phoned all of their friends asking if Miguel was staying with them, begging them to tell the truth because he was afraid, afraid of not knowing where he was, not being able to contact him sooner or later. And Miguel, he just spend the time on his own, asking questions about life. Thinking, trying to fall out of love. Wishing to be able not to care. But he just couldn't. He didn't want to forgive Andy that easily but otherwise he was afraid to loose Andy, his love, if he wouldn't do it. Where actually he was the one who had been betrayed, Andy had been unfaithful and yet Miguel felt like it was his fault. He should wait for Andy to hug him and hold him tight. Andy should be the one, asking himself that kind of questions. The feeling that came up in Andy's stomach as he heard the sound of a key unlocking the door, was either the most exciting or the worst, he felt like he was going to vomit. He knew right away that it only could be Miguel. He was afraid of what Miguel was going to say, how he would look at him. Disgusted, callous? But Miguel just stood there, suddenly smiling but somehow sadly, wistfully. \"I just love you way too much.\" Andy didn't know what to say, maybe words weren't required now. He just put his arms around Miguel, squeezed him tight, being determined to never let Miguel go again. \"I love you. I love you. I love you, Miguel.\" \"How can anyone bear that?\", asked Miguel quietly. \"What?\", whispered Andy stroking through Miguel's hair. \"Love.\" They kissed. For a moment the world seemed to hold on, to stand still. No sound. No motion at all. \"I have absolutely no idea.\" Quiero que me oigas, sin juzgarme. I want you to listen to me without judging me. Quiero que opines, sin aconsejarme. I want you to tell me what you think without giving me advices. Quiero que confíes en mi, sin exigirme. I want you to trust me without expecting something. Quiero que me ayudes, sin intentar decidir por mi. I want you to help me without making decisions for me. Quiero que me cuides, sin anularme. I want you to take care of me without crushing me. Quiero que me mires, sin proyectar tus cosas en mi. I want you to look at me without you seeing yourself in myself. Quiero que me abraces, sin asfixiarme. I want you to hug me without taking my breath away. Quiero que me animes, sin empujarme. I want you to bolster me up without edging me. Quiero que me sostengas, sin hacerte cargo de mi. I want you hold me without bottling me up. Quiero que me protejas, sin mentiras. I want you to protect me without lying, sincerely. Quiero que te acerques, sin invadirme. I want you to come closer without being an invader. Quiero que conozcas las cosas mías que más te disgusten, I want you to know all the thing you don't like about me que las aceptes y no pretendas cambiarlas. That you accept them and don't try to change them. Quiero que sepas, que hoy, hoy podés contar conmigo. I want you to know that today, today you can count on me. Sin condiciones. Without conditions. Quiero - Jorge Bucay ","Summary":" Without A Kiss Author's note: First: Sorry it took me so long to upload something new. This story w"},{"Movie":"Aquamarine","Title":"ambivalence","Author":"kaitlynnb","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11867761","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Claire fell, the concrete around the pool eroding away beneath her foot. She felt panic consume her, limbs thrashing as she tried desperately to swim towards the surface. Her foot caught on something, kelp of some sort latching onto her leg. Something cut through the water like a knife - a tail, a huge, powerful tail swimming around her. The thing - whatever it was, stared at her through the sea weed, and she let out a scream as she met the creature's gaze. Arms pulled her against a hard surface, and the next thing she knew she was breathing in air, her lungs hacking up salt water as she collapsed against Ray's body. He set her down on a lounge chair, his eyes meeting her's briefly in his frantic stare. His hands moved all around her, trailing from the back of her head, down her arms and onto her abdomen. She coughed up more water, and his fingers pressed against her cheeks as he forced her to look at him. She gave him a slight nod of her head, bewildered at his actions towards her. She could dully hear the commotion around her, but it wasn't until Haley grasped her arm firmly in her hand that she came to. Ray's eyes were still checking her over and over again, and she couldn't help looking over Haley's shoulder for his reassuring gaze. Her grandfather told Haley to take her home, and even as Haley led her towards their house, she could not stop herself from sneaking glances at Ray. He looked perplexed, as though something we're bothering him, and his chest heaved in exhaust from the exhilaration of their impromptu swim. That was the first time Claire had ever felt something like that. The twisting of her stomach, the safety of another's arms. She felt as though her head were spinning. She was yet to be sixteen years old, she was just going into sophomore year of high school. She felt so young around everyone else, her naivety and small frame setting her apart from others. But Ray's touch had ignited a flame within her that she could not explain. Even as Haley's hands dried her off with a warm towel, she could not focus on anything but the frightened look in his eyes when she had begun to cough up water. He looked worried for her, and perhaps she was reading into it, but she could've sworn there was panic in his eyes, as though he wished to never see her like that again. But she was probably reading too much into it. Ray leaned back in the hot tub, Cecelia's purposeful touching becoming unappealing to him. He saw how mean she was to other girls, particularly Claire and her friend Haley. He wasn't even all that sure why he had agreed to go out with her tonight. He was going to ask Claire's friend Aqua. Aqua was sweet and bubbly, and she was his age. Claire was not his age. There was almost a three year difference between the two of them, and he knew he could never take advantage of her obvious crush on him. He truly felt something for her, he wasn't sure what it was at the moment, but it was different from any lust he'd felt before. It had been there for a while, since he laid eyes on the petite girl. He was interrupted from his thoughts by Claire herself. His eyes widened considerably, he had not expected to see her there. Here, at a senior party, with alcohol and drugs and boys that would surely take advantage of her nativity. He began to pull himself from the hot tub, she spoke frantically of him breaking Aqua's heart. He'd never meant to hurt Aqua, but when she failed to distract his thoughts of Claire he knew she wasn't the answer to his problems. He rounded towards her, and soon her finger was pointed at his chest as she tried to make her point. She glared into his collarbone, the top of her head not yet reaching his shoulders. She was scared to be here, that much was obvious. Her eyes were wide and frightened, and her hands shook as she spoke. He had to get her out of here. But then came Cecelia's voice from behind him, \"Hey Nate, the little girl wants to go!\" She shouted towards Nate. Ray's eyes widened as he realized the meaning behind her words. It was too late, Nate's arms through her over his shoulder and into the pool after. As soon as she was released into the water, Ray's fist met Nate's face. Nate doubled over, clutching his nose in his hand. \"What the hell was that for, man?\" He demanded, but Ray's fury was too hot and coursing to answer his question. He dove in after Claire, finding the girl thrashing under the surface as he had the last time they were in this situation. He carried her soaked frame against his chest as she began to cough, stepping around Nate's crippled frame. He adjusted her against him, clutching her shivering body to his chest. \"She can't swim, you ass.\" He muttered lowly, before carrying her out of the house. She began to hiccup, her throat raw from the screaming she did before being thrown into the pool. He opened the door to his jeep with one hand, gently setting her into the passenger seat. Her brown eyes met his blue ones as he shuffled around the back seat in search for a towel. He draped a beach towel around her shoulders, rubbing up and down her arms to keep her from the cold. She smiled gratefully at him, and he clenched his jaw at the thought of Nate and Cecelia in his mind. Her smile dropped from her face, and she gently rested her hand on his arm. His eyes darted to her face, and she slowly slipped her fingers off of his skin. He stared at her for a long time before walking towards the drivers side. He hopped in the car, clenching his fists in an attempt to contain his anger. It failed, and his steering wheel took the beating he presented it with as he slammed his fingers down on the material. She flinched, and he stopped immediately, his hands reaching for her face. He cupped her cheeks in his palms, and she looked at him with wide eyes. \"It's nothing that you did,\" He promised her, following her line of thought. If possible, her eyes widened. \"I'm just mad about what they did to you.\" He said in a voice so low it was almost a snarl. She shook her head, \"No, they didn't know I couldn't swim, it wasn't their fault.\" She said, before slumping into her seat. \"I shouldn't have come in the first place.\" She finally muttered. His eyes stay trained on her, a frown ever so present on his face. She ran her hand through hair, shaking out the wet strands with her fingers. His hand suddenly enclosed her wrist, and the next thing she knew his lips were centimeters away from her own. His breathing had increased considerably, and she could feel his warmth through the towel draped around her body. He moved just the slightest bit toward her, licking his bottom lip quickly. She could feel her eyes widen, and his stare flipped back and forth between her lips and her gaze. \"Tell me to stop,\" He whispered, his voice hoarse. \"Tell me to stop right now and I will.\" He breathed out. She leaned forward this time, and then his lips had captured her own. Her hands shook, and she wasn't sure if it was from the cold or from the boy who had moved from his seat and was practically laying on top of her. She ran her fingers through his hair, and a particularly harsh tug on his scalp had him making a noise from deep within his throat that she could compare only to a growl. His lips tasted like the ocean - salty and addictive. Her heart was racing in her chest, and she could hear the thrum of her pulse in her ears. His hands trailed over her waist, a shudder arising from her as he ghosted over her rib cage. His mouth moved from her own to trail down her neck, and only then had she noticed her embarrassing panting as she struggled to keep her breathing constant. His teeth scraped against the hollow of her throat, and he released a satisfied hum as he stared down at her. She didn't have time to ask what his smug grin was about before his lips were bruising her own again. He was the one who finally broke them up, gently pecking her lips one last time as he pulled away. She frowned and tried to capture his lips, but he pulled himself away with a low chuckle. \"I want to continue, trust me I do, but I have to get you home.\" He told her, resting his head on her shoulder as he shifted so he was fully in his seat again. Her fingers moved in his hair one last time, before she detached herself from him completely, and he let out a harsh breath at the loss of contact. He kissed her shoulder before turning his attention to the car, putting the key into the ignition and starting the car. He reached over with his right hand, taking her hand from where it was sitting on her knee, ad intertwining their fingers. A blush appeared on her cheeks, and he pretended not to notice. The drive back to her house was quick, and the sun was starting to set just as he pulled into the driveway. He hopped out of the drivers seat and made his way around the car. Even when she is sitting in the passenger seat of his jeep while he's standing out of it, he's still just an inch taller than her. He leans in for a kiss, but she makes it more of a peck. \"I don't want my grandparents to see,\" she tells him against his lips. He nods in understanding, he wasn't sure how her family would take to their employee making out with their granddaughter. She ran towards the house, offering him a small wave as she opened the door to the house. He pulled out of the driveway just as she got up the stairs and she heaved out a breath as she wondered how she was going to come p with an excuse for Aqua and Haley. She shook her head, walking towards the bathroom take a quick shower before calling them. She couldn't avoid them forever. She moved her damp hair out of her face as she stared at her reflection in the mirror. Her cheeks were flushed, and she ran her fingers over her lips as she remembered the kisses he had bestowed on them just minutes ago. The next thing that caught her attention was the circle of purple flesh on her neck, just under her chin. Realization hit her like a wave - he had given her a hickey. ok so this is my new story about a dorky movie that i watched while babysitting about a flipping mermaid like im a seventeen year old girl writing about this lmao but this is gonna be a story story with chapters and stuff so look out for my next update y'all xoxo[Chapter 2] for the sake of the plot, some details are changed, such as the ages of the characters and how long Aqua has to make a human love her lol. enjoy:)) Claire reached for the phone book, the shelf just above her reach. She jumped onto the counter using her arms, standing on the tile countertop in her socks as she searched through the cabinet. She found the book in the back of the shelf, and she pulled the thin employee phone book out of its hiding place. She searched for Ray's number as she slowly moved to sit on the counter top, plopping down and letting her legs hang over the side. She reached for the home phone - land line, more likely - and thanked whatever God was watching out for her that her grandparents decided to go to cards with their neighbors, meaning she had the house to herself until at least nine, and it was just now going on eight. She punched in the number on the paper, biting the skin around her thumb as she listened to the line ring. He picked up around the second ring, his voice sounding hoarse as he huffed out a greeting. Her heart started to beat faster just at the sound of his voice. \"You gave me a hickey!\" She hissed into the speaker, accusation clear in her tone. He let out a chuckle that slowly merged along the lines of hysterical laughter. She felt her cheeks heat up, thinking of him laughing at her. \"Ray, it's not funny!\" She said, and even then she bit back a giggle at how ridiculous this was. Of course, the first time she'd ever kissed a boy, he'd give her a hickey . His laughter eventually subsided into just humorous breathing, \"You're right baby girl, I'm sorry.\" He said, and she could tell even through the phone that he had a smile on his face. Her cheeks heated up at the nickname, and she drew her bottom lip between her teeth as she tried not to smile. \"Hey, listen, I want to take you out on a date. Like a real one, where you're not soaked to the bone and probably half way to hypothermic by now.\" His voice dripped into seriousness towards the end, and even with the playful tone, she could tell that he was only half joking. She wanted to say yes - God, she wanted to say yes - but the beautiful girl she'd befriended with the blue streaks who had been working her tail off to get this boy to love her's face popped into her head. She wanted to say yes, but she knew she couldn't. \"Ray,\" She started. He interrupted her before she could start the second word, \"That sounds like you're going to turn me down,\" He said, and she could hear the pleading in his voice. \"Don't turn me down, baby girl.\" He called her that again, that stupid nickname that had her stomach doing somersaults. There was no way that she could say no to him after that. She let out a breath, trying to stay true to her friend. \"Ray, I would love to. You have no idea, how much I would like to go on a date with you. But Aqua has a huge crush on you, you know she does, and I just don't think I could do that to her.\" She told him, and for a second she really thought she could believe that too. He didn't take that answer for a second, letting out a huff. \"Claire, I don't like Aqua. I like you - a lot more than I had ever been willing to admit.\" She sucked at the inside of her cheek, biting down a bit. \"And, judging by the mark you let me leave on your neck, you like me at least a little bit.\" He told her cheekily, and she gasped. His laughter only grew when he heard her gasp from the other line. \"If you were here right now, I would have punched you in the shoulder by now.\" She told him with an eye roll. He laughed again, and she bit back a smile at the sound of his boyish giggles. She fiddled with the swirling wire of the land line, propping her head up on her knees as she leaned against the cabinet. His voice came from the other side of the line again, \"So, I'll pick you up at eight tomorrow night? Tacky Jack's sound good?\" He asked, and the smile in his voice was unmistakable. She couldn't help the smile that tugged on her lips this time. She shook her head before answering. \"Yes. One date, and that will prove to you that you really like Aqua, not me. I'm really not that interesting, I promise.\" She said, shrugging her shoulders. He grew quiet from his side of the line and she was about to ask him if he was okay before his voice broke the silence. \"Don't doubt yourself, baby girl. You'd be surprised at just how interesting you are.\" A blush grew again on her cheeks once more as his voice had grown deeper in the mere moments they weren't talking. Oh, and there was also that nickname. That stupid, stupid nickname that had her pulse racing a million miles per minute at this point. She moved in her spot, his comment making her momentarily warm. \"Alright, alright, there's no point in arguing with you. I'll see you tomorrow.\" She told him, but she wasn't going to hang up until he did. \"Oh, and do you have any tips on covering up a hickey?\" She asked teasingly. She could hear him shifting from the other side of the phone, \"Don't cover it up. I like people to know that I gave that to you.\" He said, half joking and half completely serious. She resisted the urge to tell him that they couldn't tell people about this, it couldn't get back to Aqua. She already felt guilty enough about the whole of it. Still, a smile threatened at her lips. \"I'll see you tomorrow,\" She said again. He responded the same - with a baby girl thrown in at the end, the damnable boy - and it was clear that he wasn't going to hang up first, so she took the initiative. It was easier than she had expected, because the grin that grew on her features surprised her. She didn't know why she was so happy, but she was. She would have to get into her grandmother's stash of makeup tomorrow morning to cover up the purple bruise sitting on her skin before she went shopping with the girls, but she was happy. She locked the front door before walking upstairs, grabbing her book from the bedside table and opening her windows, allowing in the salty sea breeze. It smelt like Ray. She tried to read her book, but soon the steady crash of the waves on the shore lulled her into sleep. She woke early the next morning, and climbed out of bed in a sunny haze. She opened the balcony doors of her bedroom, walking on the white wood with bare feet. It was nearly nine in the morning, and yet the lifeguards were already at work. He sat on the chair, watching as three children chased one another with seaweed, splashing around in the ocean. A smile tugged at her lips, and she wrapped her arms around herself as the cool ocean breeze chilled her skin. Her phone rang from inside her room, and she spun on her heel as she went to pick it up from her desk. Haley's name shone on the caller ID, and she picked it up with the smile on her lips diminishing. She had never lied to Haley before, she didn't know how she was going to keep this new development from her best friend. It was a miracle she hadn't already called her to let her know out of complete guilt. Haley's voice is peppy even this early in the morning, \"Hey, I'm coming to pick you up in twenty minutes, and be sure to bring a couple beach towels for Aqua. I totally forgot to grab some before I left, and I'm picking us all up some bagels on my way to come get you.\" She said, and it was obvious that she was otherwise distracted. Claire stared at her reflection in the mirror, poking at the purple mark over her collar bone. \"Yeah, sounds great.\" Her lack of response gave her away. \"Are you in the car right now?\" She asked, but her tone was accusatory. She didn't like it when Haley talked in the car, it made her nervous, but of course her best friend wasn't one to listen to advice. Haley's truck must have made a turn, because she could hear the screeching of the tires against a gravel road. \"No, why would you ever say that?\" Her best friend sucks at lying, even if it's teasing, much like Claire herself. Claire shook her head as she raked her fingers through her tangled hair. \"I'm hanging up now. See you in twenty.\" She said before ending the call. She moved towards her closet, opening the door and shifting through her clothes. She pulled out a pair of light skinny jeans and a white t-shirt, shrugging them on and throwing on a pair of sneakers. She brushed through her hair quickly and threw it up into a pony tail, before moving into her grandmother's bathroom and searching through foundations to match her skin tone. It ended up being a shade too dark against her pale skin, but with a coat of powder it didn't look nearly as bad. A horn honked from the front of the house, and Claire grabbed two beach towels as she made her way to the front door. She unlocked it and slipped out of the opening, starting towards Haley's beat-up red truck. She hopped into the passenger seat, throwing the towels into the back and fastening her seatbelt. \"Seatbelt,\" She reminded Haley as she tucked a loose strand of hair behind her ear, and she tried not to think of Haley driving without one on. The radio blared as they made their way down the dirt road towards the water tower. Claire grabbed the extra pair of sunglasses from the cup holder, blocking out the sun as they turned into the parking lot. She hopped out of the car first, followed closely behind by Haley. She handed her the towels from the backseat, waiting patiently for her friend to take them. \"Are you sure you don't want to come up with me?\" Haley asked. Claire glanced up at the tower before shaking her head. \"No, you go ahead. I'll be fine, throw me the keys so I can listen to the radio while you two try not to fall off.\" She teased before Haley threw the keys in her direction. She walked over to the drivers side of the truck and climbed in the seat just as Haley was climbing the first few rungs of the ladder. The radio was playing Photograph on some country station, and this was the first time Claire had really let herself think about what had happened last night. Memories of his lips and the scent of sea salt overwhelm her senses, and she shudders as she tries to bring herself back down to earth. Her fingers unconsciously move to the mark he had left on her skin, suppressing another shudder as she comes into contact with the tender flesh. She is careful not to smudge the makeup, but the slight pain is a reminder that the kiss actually happened. A small smile appears on her lips as she thinks about his hands on her skin, the heat of his breath. His presence brings forth an entirely new inflow of emotions. He makes her feel alive. It isn't long before Aqua is opening the back seat, and Claire climbs over the cup holders and radio to sit back in the passenger seat just as Haley climbs into the drivers side. Aqua taps a finger on her shoulder, a grin on her face as Claire turns around. \"Haley and I have an idea that will make Ray fall in love with me by next Friday!\" She giggles, and her happiness is so pure-hearted that it's blinding. And once again Claire is reminded why she can't have feelings for Ray. The sunshine girl with a heart of gold. ","Summary":" Claire fell, the concrete around the pool eroding away beneath her foot. She felt panic consume her"},{"Movie":"Aquamarine","Title":"The Truth About Aquamarine","Author":"LoveStoryMermaid","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5315792","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Aquamarine or any of the characters. The Truth About Aquamarine I took a breath, looked at Hailey and Claire, shook my head, and turning back to Raymond quickly said, \"No, I'm tired of running from you. Raymond, can I trust you?\" Hailey and Claire were shocked and shaking their heads no, but I didn't care. I liked Raymond, really liked him and I hated lying to him. He looked confused now, but answered what I hoped. \"Yes, of course you can. What is it? What's wrong? Is there…\" I cut him off. I didn't have time. \"No there isn't someone else, but I have to go. Come with me.\" We didn't have an extra bike so Raymond ran beside us as we biked back to the water tower. \"What are you doing?\" whispered Hailey to me. \"I'm tired of lying to him. I'm going to show him the real me.\" I answered her back, just as Raymond looked over at me. \"Aqua, where are we going? And why the rush?\" he asked, out of breath. \"You'll see, I promise.\" I answered and just a few minutes later we were there; naturally Raymond was confused. He is so cute when he's trying to figure something out, but no, the sun is almost set. I have to get up there now. \"Aqua, what are we doing here? This is just the water tower. Where do you need to be?\" Raymond asked flabbergasted. I smiled. \"This is where I need to be. Come on.\" We all, except Claire, climbed up. I had maybe 5 minutes, at most, before the sun set completely. It was getting dark fast. \"Aqua, are you sure?!\" Hailey asked me. I turned to her. \"Yes, I am positive. Now, please, trust me. Go back to Claire and enjoy the rest of the party. I'm sure. Don't worry,\" I told her as she was about to protest again. For one girl, she could be awfully persistent. It was really nice of her to be so concerned for me, but thankfully, she did nod okay, gave me a smile good luck, and climbed back down. Raymond's eyes followed her for a second but then his eyes turned back to me as I was opening the tower door. Before he could say anything, I looked up at him and kissed him once more. Just in case. \"I can trust you right? Promise me, no matter what. You won't tell anyone?\" I begged him. \"Tell anyone what? It can't be that bad. But yes, of course. You have my word I won't tell anyone, whatever it is. Aqua, what's going on?\" he promised. I just smiled at him. I was out of time. Stupid sun just didn't wait, and then I slid into the water. \"Aqua! What are you doing?!\" he yelled, surprised, \"Aqua? This, we really shouldn't be here and you…\" I made sure to keep everything but my head below water, so that for a minute I could look like I was treading with my arms. I smiled, pleading, up at him. He was so cute! \"I'm showing you why I'm always running off at sunset. Why I have to be here. I don't have much else of a choice. No matter what, right?\" I answered. \"Promise.\" He replied. Then I swam over to him, diving down first so he could see my tail. I swam underwater to the door and then came up and quietly stated the obvious, \"I'm a mermaid, Raymond. I, please, I hated lying to you and I was tired of it, especially tonight. It was, is, so perfect. I didn't want it to have to end just yet. Please, I'm sorry. Raymond?\" Raymond looked like he was in shock, mouth hanging open, silent, and just staring at me. \"Raymond?\" I asked again, nervous. He snapped out of it. \"I'm sorry. I should have told you.\" \"What? Oh, uh, no, well, I mean, no, it's okay. I understand why. But…but, you…Wow. You're…a mermaid. Okay. That's okay. Really. It's kind of cool, actually. Really cool. Very pretty too.\" He stuttered, slowly gaining composure again. I waited, letting him come to terms, \"But, wow, I mean, you had legs. How?\" I blushed, \"Thank you,\" and then answered his question slowly, carefully, but with a smile \"We can have legs from time to time if we want. We just need to get out of the water first, and then we can only have them till…\" \"Sunset.\" We answered together, he laughing. \"Well, I guess that makes sense now. Also, why you freaked when I was going to clean that cut you got.\" I laughed. \"Yeah, we have to keep dry too or…instant tail.\" I smiled sheepishly. \"So?\" I took a deep breath. He knew now. What would he do? Say? \"So,\" he answered. \"Well, what does this mean? Can I still be with you or…what was even the purpose? I won't tell anyone, though, I promise.\" \"Thank you, Raymond. I'm sorry; I should have told you sooner. I've never had legs before and I wanted to see what they were like and well also…I'm supposed to get married tomorrow, but to someone I don't love. Except, you see, where I come from, we don't have love. It's just a myth and my father thinks I'm crazy for believing it exists. I also wanted to prove to him that it did exist and he's wrong. I know it so, because I'd seen it once; Claire's parents, actually. So, my dad gave me three days to prove it or I was getting married. Again, sorry.\" He laughed in disbelief, \"Why are you apologizing so much? It explains a lot. And, if you hadn't brought me here, then I would probably just be sitting alone at The Last Splash watching the fireworks, but thinking about you, wishing you were with me to see them, but now you can be and no one will have to see me moping. But… you don't have love in your world? That's…\" I laughed too, \"I know.\" \"So?\" he asked. \"Well, I can't stay forever, but I really, really like you Raymond. I wish I could stay, really I do, but I have to go back tomorrow, one way or the other. So, we can be really good friends and I can visit often, but I have a home, in a different world, so nothing more than that. That's why I'm apologizing.\"[Chapter 2] \" Well, I can't stay forever, but I really, really like you Raymond. I wish I could stay, really I do, but I have to go back tomorrow, one way or the other. So, we can be really good friends and I can visit often, but I have a home, in a different world, so nothing more than that. That's why I'm apologizing.\" \"Except it's not just your fault. It's your father's, yours, but mine too. I really, really like you too, Aqua, even now.\" \"Really?\" I breathed. \"Really,\" he answered me certainly. I noticed it was definitely night now and the music was starting to slow down from The Last Splash. Raymond noticed too. \"Can I still stay for fireworks, now?\" he asked. I smiled and nodded yes. But then, he surprised me. \"Is it cold…that water?\" \"No…. Why?\" I asked, confused, tail swaying from side to side but happy. He looked at it, just smiled, and then slid in next to me. I laughed, amazed. \"Is that okay?\" he asked. \"It's fine.\" I laughed. \"Look,\" he pointed out. The fireworks were starting. I saw, also, Hailey and Claire riding off, heading back home. So they had stayed to see what happened. Oh well. I didn't care. Raymond knew the truth now and he didn't care either. \"Have you seen fireworks before?\" he asked suddenly. Then added, \"I meant it when I said you were a very pretty mermaid earlier, but in this light, really, that blue-green is stunning.\" \"A few times,\" I answered his earlier question, but blushing to both parts of his response. I was so happy right now. That Raymond knew, that he wasn't alone watching the fireworks, like he would have been, that we were watching them together and that we still had the night together, instead of alone. He nodded, then smiled, splashed me and dove underwater. \"Hey!\" I laughed, and chased after him. We came up together, laughing. Then he got the oddest expression on his face, abashed, almost. \"May I have this dance?\" he asked. The song \"One and Only\" by Teitur was playing with the fireworks. \"Yes you may…if you can stay up.\" I laughed, blushing again. Could this night get any more perfect? Yes, actually, I realized-if I didn't have to leave tomorrow, if I could stay with him forever. I stopped that thought right there, though. I wouldn't think about it, not right now. This was as good as it could get for me right now and I was just fine with that, looked like Raymond was too. He laughed also, and we danced/swam together until the song ended then swam back to the entrance, just staring at the fireworks and each other with smiles. Then there was a huge bang and pop as the show reached its finale. \"You're very graceful too, even for a mermaid.\" Raymond commented when we'd finished our dance. I smiled. I had always prided myself and been commented on the finesse of my movements. It was even better to hear it from Raymond, though. I really do think I loved him. But, that's for him to tell me and I wasn't going to have us end on a tense note. As if on cue, though, Raymond stated the inevitable. \"I guess I better go. I can't sleep in the water,\" Raymond answered regretfully. \"You could just sleep right outside on the balcony,\" I hoped to him. \"Someone might see me, and then we'd both be in trouble.\" He answered sadly, \"Can I see you again? Tomorrow, before you leave?\" I nodded, \"Meet me at the pier, noon. If you want, we could have lunch before I leave.\" He nodded as well, climbed out, smiled at me, at then started climbing down the ladder to the tower. I was glad Raymond knew the truth now and it was really nice to enjoy the fireworks with him. The next morning I met Hailey and Claire at their house and we just hung out together one last time before I had to leave, eating popcorn and playing video games. I told them they could meet me at the pier at around 1:30, probably. I told them I was having lunch with Raymond, and then leaving, if they wanted to say goodbye. Lunch was simple at the Capri Club and Raymond and I talked a bit, about our days together, and my life back home. Then all too soon it was time for me to go. Raymond walked with me to the pier to say goodbye too. Hailey and Claire were waiting too. \"Well, this is it, I guess. I'll miss you guys. You've been so nice.\" I said sadly. \"Aqua, wait,\" Raymond said. Before I could ask, he hugged me close and gave me a kiss and said, \"I love you, Aqua.\" \"We love you too,\" Hailey and Claire rushed in and hugged me too. I'd nearly forgotten. I was crying now, I would miss them all so much. \"Thank you. So much, all of you. I miss you, but I'll visit as often as I can too. Probably right after I return those wedding presents. You just proved that love exists. I love you guys too. I'll see you soon.\" They nodded, all of us except Raymond with tears in our eyes. Then I turned and dived off the pier. Once I hit the water, I looked back to see them all smiling and gave them a big wave goodbye, smiling also. \"Goodbye! See you!\" I called, and then dove under to return home after their calls. \"Goodbye! See you soon! Miss you.\" Back home, my father was waiting for me, astonished and apologetic. I accepted his apology and we got to work on sending back wedding invites and presents. I wondered what would happen now. If only Raymond could have been a merman. Well, you never know. I guess the future will see and I would visit Hailey and Claire and Raymond very soon indeed. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Aquamarine or any of the characters. The Truth About Aquamarine I took a b"},{"Movie":"Aquamarine","Title":"You Know You're Aquamarine Obsessed When","Author":"Zoe625","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5929404","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I wrote this for all the Aquamarine obsessed, such as me!! :D Enjoy! You know you're Aquamarine obsessed when… You refer to your fingernails as finger scales. Your new favorite Ice Cream flavor is Ben and Jerry's Fish Food with salt on it. You accidently call the life guard Raymond. You slap said life guard because he said he didn't love Aqua. You accidently call the maintenance guy Leonard. You hug said maintenance guy because he saved Aqua. You buy a pair of stick-on starfish earrings and hope that they compliment you. You call one of your friends \"Caliredy cat.\" You've actually tried \"The Laugh and Pass.\" You go to the Vintage store in the mall and rip sleeves off of dresses. You've ordered a glass of water without ice just so you could pour salt into it. You've tried to call Aquamarine on her shell. Or anyone with a shell. You've memorized Hailey's prayer and can recite it to anyone. Your friends can recite Hailey's prayer because you say it around them so much. You can recite any part of the movie on Que. You have/want a necklace just like Aqua's. You call people different sea creatures. (if you like them: \"You angel fish! If you hate them: \"You blowfish!\") You've said Bullshark. You've googled the Capri Beach Club to see if it's real. You've read the original book. (Yeah! It's originally a book) You've worn a long long-sleeved shirt as a dress. You've gone to the mall and screamed \"HELLOOOOOOOO!!!!!\" You actually KNEW it was originally a book. You've actually tried \"The Fluff and Retreat.\" You want your boy friend to ask you out and start it out with, \"So, are you surfacing anytime soon?\" You stand on the pier and whistle. You look around looking for dolphins are disappointed when none come. You have an obsession with gummy worms. You eat salt out of the can. You porously fall into pools hoping to find a mermaid. You get in trouble for dumping fish sticks and small fish into pools after hour. That's all for now! If you like it, REVIEW!!! If you don't like it, REVIEW!!! If I get enough reviews, I'll do some more. PEACE!!! ~Zoe[Chapter 2] A/N: Me: Ok, so I'm sorry I don't have as many as before. But here's the next chapter anyways! Tazmin: I like the Aquamarine movie, but I'm not so sure they did their research when they talked about mermaids. I mean COME ON! We don't have love? That's a bunch of bullshark! I mean look at me and Nalu! *Hugs Nalu* Nalu: *Smiles* *slaps his green tail on the pool surface* She's got a point. Me: Well, whatever. But if they didn't have that, there'd be no plot! Let's just get on to the chapter. You know you're Aquamarine obsessed when… 31. You've paused the DVD during the magazine scene and read the articles. 32. You tell your boyfriend you have to leave before sunset because of a curfew, but he knows the real reason. 33. You try to learn as many languages as you can just so you can say \"I know every language known to man!\" 34. You look at the five day forecast just so you can plan sleepovers during big thunder storms. 35. When you go to the fair or an amusement park you get cotton candy and comment to anyone \"It vanished!\" 36. You avoid using paddle boats because you're afraid of getting stuck out there past sunset. 37. You're new favorite songs are \"Island in the Sun\" (The song Aqua and Raymond danced to at last splash) and \"One Original Thing.\" (The song playing during the shopping spree scene.) 38. When you have a break up the ice cream you eat is Ben and Jerry's Fish food in the tub. 39. You then comment to anyone. \"Who needs (Insert name of ex boyfriend)? I found two new men to love. And their names are Ben and Jerry!\" 40. You can recite Hailey's speech about love to Aqua to anyone. 41. Your friends can recite Hailey's speech about love because they've heard it so much. 42. You have two copies of the movie. A more used one that you watch with your friends and one that's hardly used that you watch at night by yourself that no one's aloud to touch. 43. You don't like weatherman because their daughters are normally snobs that push mermaid off bridges. (…That sounds weird) 44. You try to convince your parents to let you sleep in the water tower. 45. You attempt back flips in a pool. 46. You scare your friends by hiding in a pool and then grab their feet. 47. Your excuse for #46 is \"I just want to see what feet feel like.\" 48. You've named a boat \"The Claire de Lune.\" 49. You call your boy friend (Or guy friend), Scream into the receiver, then proceed to throw the phone out the window. 50. You're Boy friend (Or close guy friend) is used to you doing #45. A/N: Me: Yay! Did you like it? If you did…REVIEW! Did you hate it? If you did…REVIEW! I'd like to thank my reviewer: FuzzySlipper19! Marry Christmas, Happy Kwanza, and Have a good day! PEACE OUT! ~Zoe ","Summary":" I wrote this for all the Aquamarine obsessed, such as me!! :D Enjoy! You know you're Aquamarine obs"},{"Movie":"Herbie series","Title":"Herbie and Giselle's date","Author":"FS-117","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9923612","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hi guys!, I saw the movie 'Herbie goes to Monte Carlo' and I liked the couple of Herbie and Giselle, and I decided to do a fanfic with Them on a date...enjoy! XD. Today was a beautiful day...well...almost, for Jim and Diane, because they don't find to Herbie and Giselle, They met each other when Herbie fell in love with Giselle 'she was a Lancia Scorpion of the 1976' Giselle was in a Race and Herbie drove in reverse in front of her, trying of call her atenttion. Since then, they met each other but their aventure had some complications...clear, but their aventure had a happy ending. Jim assumed, they were on a date, mostly they did this, when they were together...they not do care anything. *aahhh those two lovebirds!...again!...* Jim said. *ahhhh, Herbie...Giselle...not again!* Diane aswered. There was a moment of silence. *Will we looking for them?* Jim broke the silence. *Mmmm...okay...C'mon!* Diane said . Then, they came out to the street, and they took a taxi to looking for them . {}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{} *MEANWHILE...* Both cars were strolling around the town, they were next to each other...like a normal couple. Herbie decided to do a Race with Giselle... toward to the central fountain of the town , just for fun. Giselle was in accordance with Herbie, A Rice seemed very funny. So, They warmed their motors and prepare to the Race. Countdown in '' 3...2...1...GO!'' They came outh runing toward to the fountain, they passed for the streets of the town, Both were very fast but also carefully, both enjoying the race, after all...is what they like to do. They passed for all the building and both saw to the finish line, or the fountain, Giselle takes the front and the winner is... Giselle , and Herbie gave a beep like a sigh, she's so awesome, and she gave a beep to Herbie...is like if she said ' thanks'. They desided to pass for the cafe...the place when Herbie invited to Giselle in a date...that was their first date...ahhh good memories. The waiter was working in the cafe, ' ahhhh I hope the therapy has helped me with my problem' the waiter through to himself, ultimately, he has been seeing strange things, he through that he was crazy, he saw...how...two cars...and they were like...in love...hahaha ridiculous. *Waiter!...Can you bring us some wine please?*the customer call to the waiter. * Certainly! sir* the waiter said to the customer. The waiter brought the wine and when he began to open the bottle of wine for the customers, Herbie and Giselle passed in front of the cafe and when the waiter saw to the street...he saw the same cars that he imagined. ' no...not again' he said to himself, he was to starting to freak out again. He continued to see the two imaginary cars. *Waiter! please!...* the sir said to the waiter. He didn't replied only continued to see the cars. *Waiter!?...are...are you okay?!* the sir said very concerned. But he started to lose the control when he saw they were taking their doors...together. *Sir! please!...tell me something!...what are you happen?!*the sir said, taking him by the shoulders and shaking him. *ah...ahhhh!...the...the cars!* the waiter said...pointing. *What?!* the sir said. *the cars!...are!...ARE!* before to respond, he fainted. *Oh! sir!...please!...HELP ME!...the waiter fainted!*the sir said, and everyone went to help him. {}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{} Herbie and Giselle were walking together... Where there was a lot of vegetation, there were many trees and flowers, Herbie saw an open field and he decided to show something to Giselle. She follows him, so, Herbie start to run in the grass, he was drawing something in the grass but Giselle didn't know what it was, but after a few seconds, she saw that it was a heart, Herbie stop and wait the response of Giselle. She also start to run in the grass...drawing a heart, the result was two hearts intertwined, then, she went to his side...she decided to reward him for this fantastic idea, She slowly approached his face and she caressed his defense against hers to show him her affect. Herbie felt his motor accelerated, He blushed and start to jump up and down and he moved his windshields and doors with crazy, Giselle replied with a ' loving' beep of his reaction, he's so sweet. When Herbie calmed, she made him a signal to going with her to another place, Herbie obeyed and went to her side, while they were walking...they took their doors together. *MEANWHILE...* Jim and Diane were looking for Herbie and Giselle in the taxi, they were seeing for the windows to the taxi... *Do you see them somewhere?* Jim said to Diane. *No...* she simply responded. They saw a large crowd gathered. *Stop here!* Jim said to the conductor of the taxi. They went to the cafe to see the problem. *What's the problem?!* Jim said to the sir who was next to the waiter. but, they saw the same waiter who they had seen it before...He was sitting in a chair, but very crazy and saying...CUCU!...again and again. *Oh sir!...our waiter is mad...we asked him: what happened?, but the only thing he responds is...CUCU!...He's worse than a cuckoo clock at 12 o'clock!* The sir said very agitated . *ahhhh yes...by chance...Did you see a white volkswagen with a light blue Lancia?* Jim asked to the sir. *No sir, sorry...ah...well...before that the waiter fainted...He was saying: the cars!, but I don't know, sir* the sir explains to Jim. *wait a moment...the cars?* Jim said doubtful. Then, Jim and Diane looked at each other, Both had the aswer. *Herbie!* Jim said. *Giselle!* Diane said And both got into the taxi and they went to looking for them. *Oh, fantastic!...others crazy* the sir said while he fanning the waiter. {}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{} In a luxurious restaurant, two friends were drinking some wine...They were seated at a small table outside the restuant talking and hanging out. Herbie and Giselle passed near there, when Herbie suddenly saw Roses near to the restautant, He decided to cut some Roses for Giselle, He made a signal to Giselle for to wait for him, she obeyed and stood there while he went to the restaurant. The two friends were talking and laughing, and suddenly...they saw a white wolkswagen went toward to the Roses that were near to there, The strangest thing was that there wasn't conductor, so, they continued to seeing the car. Herbie cut the roses and He took them for Giselle. Then, Herbie gives the Roses to Giselle, and She was delighted by the Roses, and she decided to give to Hebie a surprise, She approached him and she caressed his defense against hers, Herbie felt his motor warmed of happily and he jumped up and down and moving all his parts of his body...again, Giselle made some beeps about his reaction...she was so happy. So, both decided to go to another more romantic place and they went for the street to go to the beach. The two sirs saw the two cars with a surprised look, they looked at each other and then at wine that they were drinking, They threw the wine in the plant pots that were near of they. I think it was too much wine for now. Herbie and Giselle drove toward to the beach and they walked on the sand and stopped to see the sunset, they were next to each other, enjoying the moment. Jim and Diane were still in looking for them and it was already late afternoon. They were near to the beach, when Diane saw them in the beach. *Look!, there they are!* Diane screamed. *where?...oh yes!... stop here!* Jim screamed to the conductor of the taxi The taxi stopped, and they came out running to the beach, and they went where they are, They saw that Herbie and Giselle were together next to each other...looking to the sunset, that's cute. *Wow!...How beautiful sunset!...not?* Diane said admired for the sunset. *Yes, it is!...* Jim said to Diane Both saw that Herbie and Giselle took their doors together, Jim made a little laught, then, Jim and Diane looked at each other and they also took their hands together, and both start to look the sunset. The two couples continued to look at the sunset and having a romantic moment. today was a day with many follies, but Herbie, Giselle, Jim and Diane had a great day, just be with their loved ones, and end of the day, was wonderful to being together. inspired by the movie 'Herbie goes to monte carlo', that's all, thanks for read and I hope you liked it :). ","Summary":" Hi guys!, I saw the movie 'Herbie goes to Monte Carlo' and I liked the couple of Herbie and Giselle"},{"Movie":"Herbie series","Title":"The Girls Of Army","Author":"Raa-Channnn","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12897704","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Yoyoyo... Author yang ngangenin ini comebackk!!.. kali ini saya kembali dengan cerita yang berbeda yaitu Humor dan tidak ada adegan ekhemnya... Ada baiknya kalian sebelum membaca cerita saya, kalian baca dulu pengenalan tokohnga, karena ini adalah plesetan dari sebuah Film Selamat menikmatii!!! Perkenalan Tokoh: •Prulicia M.N As Suga •Isyarotun K As Jin •Annida N.A As J-Hope •Nabilah A As Jungkook •Reytiva A.G As Jimin •Niken A.L As Taehyung •Bilqis S As Nam Soon Warning! Typo bertebaran dimana-mana! Harap maklumi Author satu ini yaa.. Rate masih aman kok, ini cuma sebagai penghibur saja. Siang hari yang lumayan terik di suatu kota di Negara Korea. Seorang gadis sma sedang berjalan pelan ke suatu tempat sambil sesekali menengok ke belakang. Tiba-tiba seorang wanita menghampiri gadis itu dan menepuk pundaknya dengan tiba-tiba hingga membuat gadis itu terkejut. Pukk! \"apa Kamu tinggal disini? \" tanya wanita yang menepuk gadis itu sambil membawa box sedang. Gadis itu mengangguk, sedikit terlihat ketakutan saat mengangguk. \"ini untukmu.\" ucap wanita itu sambil menyerahkan box itu pada si gadis, setelah boxnya di serahkan kepada si gadis, wanita itu pergi menjauh. \"membuatku takut saja.. \" Gadis itu menggelengkan kepalanya dan berjalan lagi ke arah rumahnya. Ternyata wanita tadi adalah petugas yang sedang mengantar barang untuknya. Gadis itu membuka pintu kamarnya, ia tersenyum senang dan berjalan masuk. \"Cutie yaa!! \" panggil gadis itu. Yang di panggil menengokkan kepalanya ke arah suara dan menemukan seorang gadis yang menenteng box \"bagaimana harimu?? ~\" tanya gadis itu dengan riang. Cutie membalikkan tubuhnya dan mengedipkan sebelah matanya pada gadis itu sambil berpose cool. \"makan saja kembali pisangmu, Cutie ya.. \" gadis itu kembali melanjutkan jalannya ke arah kamarnya. Cutie kembali menghadap 'pisang'yang di maksud si gadis. 'Pisang' itu membuka kulitnya dan mentap Cutie datar. Cutie mengedipkan matanya genit ke arah sang 'pisang'dan menjilat bibir bawahnya dengan gaya sexy dan sedikit sensual. Kembali pada si tokoh utama, gadis itu melemparkan tas sekolahnya asal di kamarnya dan meletakkan box itu dengan hati-hati. Ia mengambil cuter kecil dan memotong lakban pada atas box, mengeluarkan beberapa lembar kertas dari dalam kardus dengan sembarang. Gadis itu mengeluarkan sebuah buku dari dalam box dan mengangkat tinggi-tinggi buku itu, wajahnya terlihat sangat senang. Sampai saat ia melihat NickName pada buku itu. \"An...Ni... Da Nur.. Azi.. Zah?? \" tanya gadis itu entah pada siapa. \"NYAAKKKK!!! \" gadis itu berteriak heboh dan berjalan keluar kamar sambil membawa buku itu. Di ruang tamu seorang nyonya besar sedang duduk santai sambil menikmati waktu minum tehnya, suara teriakan sang putri yang tiba-tiba dan sangat keras membuat nyonya besar tersedak dan berteriak kepanasan karena bibir sexynya kepanasan karena teh. \"NYAAKKK!! \" gadis itu menghampiri nyonya besar di rumah itu. \" ada apa my daughter?? \" tanya sang nyonya besar pada putrinya, ia mengelap bekas teh yang sempat tumpah dan menghampiri sang putri. \"kenapa Nyak ngedaftatin nama Nyak di BTS Fan Club? Nyak tidak bisa melakukan itu!! \" ujar si gadis tak terima. \"eh Qis, jangan panggil Enyak napa? Panggil Mommy kek! Ga keren amat dipanggil enyak\" bisik Nida pada Biqis. \"ahh Nyak mah... Biarin lah biar lucu cerita kita. Lagian kita orang jakarta Nyak dan kita juga masih orang betawii..!! \" ujar Bilqis kesal. \"iya sih, tapi kan Daddy mu orang Korea masa Mommy di panggil enyak sih? \" \"aelah nyak nyak... Babeh aja gak keberatan di panggil babeh.. \" gerutu Bilqis. \"yeee masalah babeh mah emang babeh maunya gitu... \" \"bukan gitu nyak.. Babeh itu suka sama tradisi bangsa kita makanya dia malah seneng banget di panggil babeh.. Masa nyak sendiri orang indo gak mau di panggil nyak sihh!\" Bilqis masih menggerutu. \"yaa tetap aja Qiss.. —\" \"sudahlah Nyak, lewatin aja. Kenapa ada nama enyak di FanClubnya BTS?!!\" ucap Bilqis masih tidak terima kalau Enyaknya yang udah tidak lagi muda masuk ke FanClub BTS, kenapa tidak pakai namanya coba kan? \" Mungkin punyamu dan punyaku tertukar.. Tunggu sebentar.. \" Nida berjalan melewati putrinya dan berjalan ke suatu ruangan. Setelah kepergian sang Nida, Bilqis bertanya entah pada siapa sambil memiringkan kepalanya. \"apa?? tertukar?? \" Nida keluar lagi sambil membawa buku yang sama seperti yang di bawa putrinya. \"aku pikir punyamu adalah punyaku hohoho.. \" mereka menukan buku itu pada sang pemilik nama. \"jadi.. Apa yang kamu lakukan setiap waktu? \" Bilqis sedikit memajukan wajahnya ke arah sang Mommy. \"kamu adalah aku, aku adalah kamu, apa itu adalah formula?? \" entah Nida bertanya atau memang sedang menyanyikan salah satu lagu BTS. \"Aku pikir aku akan berhasil kalau aku berkolasi denganmu.. \" entah itu sebuah pernyataan atau memang Bilqis sedang menyanyikan salah satu lagu BTS. \"a.b.c.d.e.f.g! Hakuna Matata! Oh! \" Nida menyahut atau menyambung kalimat Bilqis. Bilqis menutup mulutnya tak percaya, ia menjulurkan telunjuknya dan menyebutkan satu-satu personil BTS. \"Kim Nam Jun\" \"Kim Seok Jin\" Suara mereka tiba-tiba mengeras dan terlihat senang. \"Min Yoon Gi!\" \"Jeong Ho Seok!\" \"Park Jimin!\" \"Kim TaeHyung! \" \"Jeong JungKook!! \" \"BTS!!!!!!!!! \" saat menyebutkan kata BTS, Bilqis dan Nida sangat senang dan saling berpelukan sambil tertawa senang. \"Mommyyyy!!!!!! \" \"inilah Putrikuuu!!! \" Mereka masih berpelukan dan tertawa senang. Mereka tidak menyadari kalau ada seorang wanita berkacamata yang sedang duduk di tangga sambil menggigit jarinya dan menatap ke arah mereka dengan tatapan aneh. \"inilah anakkuu!! Ohh!! \" ucap Nida masih memeluk Bilqis. Tatapan wanita yang duduk di tangga menatap Nida dan Bilqis aneh. 'semuanya inilah ibuku.. ' batinnya masih sambil mengigit jempolnya. *SKIP* Bilqis kembali lagi ke kamarnya dengan senyum masih mengembang di wajahnya, ia memeluk buku itu dan melolong sendiri. \"woah.. Aku tidak tau kalau ibuku juga seorang A.R.M.Y\" ucap Bilqis sambil menggeleng kepelanya dengan senyum. Ia menaruh buku itu di atas meja, ia berniat membuka cover buku itu menggunakan cuter dan hairdryer agar stiker yang menempel tidak merusak cover bukunga. Akhirnya ia memutuskan untuk membuka stiker itu dengan tangan kosong. Dengan perlahan Bilqis membukanya, ia menggigit bibir bawahnya dan menatap khawatir pada stiker itu. *SREAKK!! \"Kenapaa?!!!!!!! \" Teriak Bilqis kesal. Bilqis menatap tidak percaya, sebagian gambar stiker itu menempel pada bagian cover. Ia meletakkan buku itu dan ia berjalan ke arah kasur. Melampiaskan kekesalannya pada guling dan bantal, ia melempar beberapa guling dan bantal ke sembarang arah dan mengamuk dibatas kasur. Setelah kekesalannya pudar, ia meraih PhotoBook itu dan melihat isinya. Ada banyak foto BTS di dalam buku itu dengan tanda tangannya. Saat sedang asik-asiknya menikmati pemandangan biasnya dia menemukan buku kecil berwarna kuning. \"user guide\" gumamnya. Ia membuka lembar demi lembar buku itu dan membacanya. \"Ini adalah Photo Cards! Taruh kartu pada sisimu saat kau pergi ke tempat tidur. Pastikan anda tidak mengompol dan sampai merusak Photo Card itu. Kau akan melihat mereka dalam mimpimu~ \" ucapnya senang saat membaca bagian akhir. \"benarkah?!\" tanya Bilqis senang. Ia menyingkap selimut tidurnya dan memeluk Photo Card yang akan ia letakkan di sampingnya. Ia meletakkan beberapa Photo Card dan setelah itu ia berlari kecil ke samping tempat tidur yang tidak terdapat Photo Card. Ia menidurkan dirinya di sana, mengusap pelan di atas Photo Crad dan memutuskan untuk tidur. Sore harinya. \"Hey bangun pemalas!! Sudah jam bepara ini?!\" ucap Niken yang tadi sempat duduk di tangga dan melihat Bilkis dengan Nida. \"Bangun! \" ucapnya sekali lagi. \"ahh!! Aku melihat TaeTae dalam mimpikuu!! \"ucap Bilqis kesal pada Niken. \"kenapa kau sangat menyukainya? Bahkan dia dan kekasihku lebih tampan kekasihku! \" Niken menunjukkan foto kekasihnya pada Bilqis. Bilqis terlihat seperti tidak perduli pada ucapan sang kakak, matanya masih sedikit terpejam dan rambutnya acak-acakkan. \"aku pulang.. \" tersengar suara anggun yang sepertinya baru sampai rumah. \"kakak? \" Bilqis menengokkan kepalanya untuk melihat sang kakak. \"kakak, bukankah kau pergi dinas ke luar negeri? \" tanya Niken bingung. Mereka berdua berjalan ke arah pintu masuk, disana lagi-lagi ada Nida yang sedang duduk di dekat pintu. \"ah iya, bukankah kau seharusnya pergi? \" tanya Nida \"aku memang pergi, tapi paspor ku hilang saat di taksi\" ucap Nabilah itu pelan. \"AIGOO!!! kenapa kau bisa sampai menghilangkannya?!! \" Nida melepas selopnya dan memukul bokong dan beberapa bagian tubuh wanita itu. \"yah, itu kadang terjadi ketika Anda mencoba pergi ke luar negeri.\" ucap Nabilah. \"sebelum berangkat kakak bilang tidak ingin pergi ke perjalanan bisnis, apa kakak menghilangkannya dengan sengaja? \" tanya Niken curiga. \"yahh.. Bagaimana kakak kehilangan passportnya? \" tanya Bilqis sambil memainkan ujung jilbabnya. Niken mendecih pelan dan mendorong Bilqis. Angin sepoi-sepoi bertiup kencang dan membuat suhunya dingin. Nida lagi-lagi memukul anak tertuanya untuk segera masuk. \"oh sayang! Cepatlah masuk! Masuk! \" dengan masih di pukuli Nida, Nabilah masuk ke dalam sambil mendorong kopernya. Telulit Telulit.. Telulit Telulit.. Untungnya Ponsel Nabilah berbunyi dan bisa Nabilah gunakan sebagai alasan untuk kabur dari Nida. \"tunggu, aku pendapatkan panggilan.. \" Nida berhenti memukuli Nabilah yang sedang mengambil ponselnya. Nabilah mengangkat panggilannya dan berjalan menjauh dengan senyum senangnya. Niken, Nida dan Bilqis menatap curiga lada Nabilah. \"Hallo? \" \"Yes\" \"A-yo! Ladeis and Genterlmen!..\" \"Aishh..!! \" Nida merapihkan jilbabnya yang agak turun. \"My Name Is JungKook! \" \"Jungkook is so Strong!! \" Nabilah mengangkat panggilannya dan segera menjauh dari sana. *SKIP* \"aihh!! Kenapa kucing ini selalu menggigit dan mencakariku sihh?!\" tanya seorang wanita yang menggunakan pakaian training kesal. \"khhkk!!! \" Bilqis datang dan langsung duduk di sofa. \"Cutie ya! \" Bilqis memberi kode pada Cutie untuk tiduran di pahanya, Cutie menurut dan melepas gigitannya dari wanita itu. Reytiva yang sering di panggil Cutie oleh seluruh keluarga itu langsung melepaskan gigitan dan cakarannya pada Pruli dan duduk di pangkuan Bilqis. \"hey apa tante menari lagi? \" tanya Bilqis tak percaya. \"secepatkan aku akan debut sebagai idol penyanyi...\" kata wanita itu sedikit sombong. \"kamu hanya tidak melihat penyanyi jenius sedang tampil.. \" Pruli menunjuk Bilqis dengan wajah angkuhnya. Bilqis hanya menganguk mengiyakan. \"aku itu orangnya sangat menarik... Bagaimana kalau seseorang sampai memgugatku karena hal itu..?\" Pruli memijat pangkal hidungnya yang tidak terlalu mancung. Apa? Kami tidak salah dengarkan?? Bahkan bunga yang di samping Bilqis ikut menengokkan kepala dan Cutie yang sudah nyaman di pangkuan Bilqis kembali bangun. Bilqis, Cutie dan bunga itu menatap Pruli dengan tatapan aneh dan entah kenapa seperti ada keringat imajiner di masing-masing pelipis mereka. \"Tante selalu melebih-lebihkan tarianmu itu.. \" ujar Bilqis dengan raut wajah tidak setuju garis besar. \"ini bukan tarian Qis, tapi ini Dance.. \" Pruli menaruh teluncuknya di depan pangkal hidungnya dan ia memejamkan matanya. \"mwo??\" \"Woow. Bultorune.. \" Bilqis menatap sang Tante dengan tatapan seperti dia takut sekali dengan langkah selanjutnya yang akan tantenya ambil. \"aku akan menunjukkan seberapa bagus aku melakukan Dance! \" setelah mengatakan itu Pruli mulai melakukan Dance salah satu MV lagu BTS dengan seperti tidak ada niatnya. \"Tiva bahkan bisa melakukan Dance itu lebih baik dari tante asal tante tau!\" ucap Bilqis agak pedas mengomentari Dance yang di lakukan Pruli. Ahh tuanku satu ini...! Reytiva bangun dari pangkuan Bilqis dan ia merenggangkat otot tubugnya, setelah itu entah bagaimana seekor kucing bisa melakukan Dance 'Fire' lebih sempurna ketimbang Pruli. Pruli pun yang melihat kucing peliharaan mereka yang bisa melakukan Dance menatap ngeri. \"tapi.. Aku juga bisa melakukan Rap\" Pruli lagi-lagi menunjuk ponakannya dengan wajah angkuhnya. \"Prulicia adalah seorang jenius dan juga seorang wanita hebat! Yo! \" Pruli mulai melakukan Rapper yang ia bisa, tapi entah author salah dengar atau memang Bilqis yang suka kentut terdengar backsound kentut saat Pruli memulai aksi Rappernya. Pruli mengulang berkali-kali kata-kata itu hingga membuat Bilqis sedikit kesal. Ia memberi kode pada Reytiva agar mengigit Tantenya.. Ponakan kurang ajar. \"Cuty ya... Pergi gigit dan cakar dia! \" Reytiva yang seekor kucing raksasa kembali bangun dari pangkuannya Bilqis dan menarik Pruli entah kemana sambil mengigit beberapa bagian tubuhnya. Pruli hanya bisa teriak kesakitan saat gigi Tiva gang tajam menggores kulis mulusnya. Bilqis mengelengkan kepalanya saat melihat kelakuan Tantenya yang satu itu, ia bangun dan berjalan ke suatu kamar. \"apa? Apa ini?? \" tanya Bilqis bingung saat kakak keduanya sedang melakukan Rap salah satu lagu BTS. \"i'll slap u in the face!! Smash!!! \" Niken perlahan membalikkan tubuhnya, betapa terkejutnya ia saat melihat sang adik yang sudah seperti sadako yang sudah siap mengambil nyawa. \"m-mwo??!\" saking terkejutnya ia sampai terjungkal sedikit kebelakang, untung dibelakangnya ada meja belajar jadi ia tidak sampai jatuh. \"Tiv.. \" Bilqis memanggil hewan peliharaannya dengan wajah datar. \"gigit dia.. \" suruh Bilqis pada Rey dengan wajah tetap datar. Seletah puas menggigit Pruli, Tiva kembali datang pada tuannya yang memanggil namanya. Ia langsung menuju Niken dan hendak menggigitnya, tapi saat hendak di gigit. Niken menghindar gigitan Tiva dan keluar dari kamar. Saat kembali ke dalam, Niken membawa jam dinding sebagai tamengnya halasil, Tiva malah menyerang jam dinding itu hingga jam ith rusak. Malam harinya. \"ARRGHHHHH!!! \" suara teriakan terdengar pada malam hari yang cerah. Pruli, Nida dan keluarga sedang asyik berkumpul di ruang keluarga sambil menonton TV sampai ada suara teriakan yang memekakkan telinga. \"apa itu? \" tanya Nabilah sambil membenarkan kacamatnya. \"haishh!! Apa yang anak itu lakukan lagi sihh?! \" tanya Nida sedikit kesal. \"aku yakin, ia merusak beberapa benda lagi...\" ucap Niken tak peduli. Bilqis datang ke ruang Tamu dengan wajah sangat kesal, ia membawa dua buah logat bom Stok BTS. \"ahh!! Patah lagii!! \" Bilqis menunjukkan Light Stiknyanyang sudah tidak bersinar lagi. \"lebih baik aku kehilangan pasportku dari pada ini rusak! \" lanjut Bilqis. Nida, Nabilah dan Pruli menatap Bilqis yang sedang kesal, Bilqis terduduk lemas dan menatap Light Stik berharganya rusak. Nabilah menahan senyum geli dan beranjak dari tempatnya ke suatu tempat. Ia kembali lagi ke ruangan itu dan ia menepuk pundak adiknya. \"don't Worry, My Sister.. \" ucap Nabilah sambil tersenyum pada adiknya. Nabilah menunjukkan Light Stik yang baru kepada Bilqis, ia menyalakan benda itu dan memberikannya pada adiknya. \"bukankah ini yang engkau ingin kan? \" ucap Nabilah lagi sambil memberikannya pada adiknya. Bilqis tersenyum senang saat ia menerima Light Stik yang baru, \"Unnie...\" matanya seperti berbinar saat mendapatkan light stik yang baru. \"kau merusak segala sesuatu setiap saat.. \" Nabilah mengusap helaian rambut adiknya. \"jadi Unnie sudah menyiapkan ini sebelumnya..\" Bilqis tersenyum bahagia dan dibalas senyum juga oleh kakaknya. Sang ibu yang melihat anak tertuanya memberikan light stik pada anak termudanya tidak mau kelewatan untuk mendapatkan Ligjt Stik BTS. \"anakku sayang! Mana punya milikku?? \" Nida tersenyum menawar pada anaknya. \"tenang saja, aku sudah menyiapkan untuk kalian juga...\" Nabilah tersenyum dan ia beranjak kembali untuk mengambil Light Stik. \"ini untuk Tiva.. \" Nabilah memberikannya pada kucing peliharaan tercinta keluarga mereka. Tiva mengeong senang. \"ini untuk adik pertamaku.. \" Nabila memberikannya pada Niken dan Niken hanya menerimanya dengan wajah senang yang ia sembunyikan. \"ini untuk kakakku..\" Pruli yang sudah pewe tiduran miring tak mengomel karena ia diberikan Light Stik oleh adiknya. \"dan ini untuk ibuku tercinta... \" dan terakhir, Nabilah memberikan Light Stik pada Ibunya A.K.A Nida. \"ohh...anakku kamu tidak perlu melakukannya... \" ucap Nida dengan nada suara senang sekali. Nabilah kembali duduk di tempatnya semula dan Bilqis bergabung di sebelah Pruli, mereka mulai menyalakan Light Stik itu. \"ini sangat berkilau dan cantikkk!!! \" ucap Nida lagi dengan nada kelewat senang. \" bukannya aku tidak mau melakukan perjalan bisnis.. \" Nabilah memegangi kacamatanya. \"aku tidak bisa pergi...\" lanjut Nabilah. \"Jadi aku melewatkan beberapa waktu untuk bersama keluargaku sendiri. \" Nida memukul pelan pundak putrinya dan tersenyum senang saat sang putri lebih mementingkan keluarganya. \"aku sudah mendapatkan tiket!! \" ucap Nabilah dengan semangat api membara. \"apa? \" tanya Nida kaget, semuanya yang ada di ruangan itu juga menatap Nabilah terkejut. \"untuk BTS Fan Meetingg!! \" Nabilah mengangkat tinggi-tinggi tiket yang seperti berkilau di mata mereka! \"aku menyukainya, ayah! Lalu, kita pergi ke FanMeeting bersama?\" tanya Bilqis kelewat senang. \"Yess!!\" jawab Nabilah dengan nadanya yang riang. Merekapun berpesta kecil dengan berjoget tidak jelas, cukup lama mereka menari-nari tidak jelas itu. Bilqis menari sedikit menjauhi keluarganya, Nida pun mendekati putri terakhirnya dan menari berhadapan. \"Enyakk!! \" panggil Bilqis dengan suara agak keras. \"apa? \" mereka masih menari. \"diantara member BTS siapa yang paling ibu suka? \" tanya Bilqis sambil menari dengan menggoyangkan Light Stik yang ia pegang. \"Enyak?\" \"iyah\" \"enyak suka banget sama Kim TaeHyung. Karena ia sangat lucu dan tampan walau kadang dia malu-malu in sih hohoho...\" Sementara itu mereka tidak tau kalau orang mereka bicarakan di sana sedang mengalami kejadian yang sangat memalukan In stage. Para member BTS sedang melakukan konser di suatu negara, entah kesialan atau apa, V yang sedang berpose Cool tak sengaja terkena tendangan Jimin yang mungkin sedang melakukan sedikit atraksi. V sampai terjatuh terduduk, saat ia kembali bangun espresinya sangat membuat para Fans tertawa terbahak-bahak. Tamat. Gimana?? Membosankan tidak? Kurang ya Humornya?? Maaf deh kalau saya kembali on tapi malah mengecewakan... Saya kembali membawakan cerita ini karena cerita ini adalah permintaan dari teman saya yang sangat menyukai BTS alis mereka ARMY! Hayoo?? Siapa disini yang Army? Haha.. Sudah sampai disitu saja, Author akan kembali Hiatus nih.. soalnya bentar lagi kan kita akan bertempur habis-habisan berjuang untuk masa depan kita!!.. Ok sampai disitu saja . Salam cinta dan peluk hangat dari Author ","Summary":" Yoyoyo... Author yang ngangenin ini comebackk!!.. kali ini saya kembali dengan cerita yang berbeda "},{"Movie":"Herbie series","Title":"HerbieAlive and Well","Author":"Herbie53fan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7232689","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Maggie was driving home from her boyfriends in Herbie. She was looking at the note she found in Herbie the day she bought him .she had just remembered it. she got home she looked up and saw her father, looking in a odd hopeful out he said ''Mags?'' looking up,smiling she said''yes?'' ''you've seen the accidents happening on the track the last two weeks right?'' ''yeah , they've been nasty...'' ''and there obviously not from wrecking, right?'' arching an eyebrow she said''dad, what is it?'' ''NASCAR hired a detective and shes going to be on your team while she solves whats making them. '' ''what?''she shouted '' clam down shes staying at our home .'' '' and i'm finding out about this now?'' ''listen , shes nice , shes smart , and shes coming next week...'' flopping on the couch she said ''i can see her now,37 years old , hair in bun ,trench coat saying 'im busy kid.' '' her father chuckled saying ''shes actually very close to your age,shes semi-famous teen detective and i doubt she wears a trench coat.'' ''and shes on my team why ?'' ''NASCAR picked at they picked our team.'' ''yeah'' she said,getting up and pointing into the garage''and shes going to have to meet our car.'' he stroked his chin and said ''you want to tell her when she gets here or shall i?'' Maggie thinks, then mischievously grins and says '' I think Herbie can tell her.'' '' hehe ok champ , good night.'' '' 'night dad'' then looks into the garage and says'' 'night Herbie!'' followed by a beep from Herbie. Next day in the Drew's house , Nancy was talking to Bess about her new case '' I don't know nanc' shes a good driver i've heard but her cars what gets me a little confused.'' ''what about her car?'' '' for one thing , its a vintage punch bug .'' '' what? you cant race in a bug ! there way too slow!'' ''well clearly it won a Nextel thing its called 'Herbie' .'' ''so? we nicknamed my car twinkle.'' '' NASCAR even calls it Herbie.'' ''so?'' ''so , i just think its weird.'' Nancy laughed ''ok , is there another thing ?'' ''ok , this next thing is truly crazy, during the Nextel cup ... the car was on the fence.'' nancy laughed '' huh? your kidding?'' ''no kidding. it was on the fence.'' ''i'll need proof , but its crazy.'' '' will you please ask her how she did it please?'' ''i'll try hehe.'' i don't own Herbie or Nancy Drew (waaaaah!) .comment on this . i know its a tad wordy, but next chapters going to be great. Nancy pulled up to the Payton's home,eying an old VW beetle with red,white,and blue racing stripes , a gray ragtop , and a 53 on front hood , back hood , and doors .she smiled when she saw Maggie come from behind it.''hello. Nancy is it ?'' coming out of her Nancy said'' yes .and you must be the famous female race car driver,Maggie .'' Maggie laughed and said'' that's going to be on my pit team actually. '' ''what does a pit team do exactly?'' ''well, every time we ...'' ''we?as in you have a racing partner?'' Maggie snickered and said ''oh, no. you'll learn , i come into the pit and the team fix's the car up before they go into the race again.'' as Nancy got her bags out of her car she said ''what do you mean ' ill learn later' learn what?'' once in the house she said '' learn what i meant by 'we' .'' ''does 'we' involve me?'' '' your team jumpsuit is in your guestroom on the can put your stuff in the closet.'' as Maggie exited the room nancy smiled and said''i think i'll learn faster than you think.'' in the morning Maggie was walking into the kitchen, looking at Nancy she said '' ready?'' ''for what?'' ''two to meet someone ... '' and two?'' grinning slyly she said ''for a ride you'll never forget.'' Nancy looked confused , then Maggie said''your taking my car with me. i usually i use a truck to transport my car, but with you i think he'll forgive me .'' she said thought 'he? he who?' ''and of course we'll pick up boy friend my have one?'' ''yeah, hes great.'' '' anyway get out to the car while i get the keys'' ''ok'' as Nancy left for the garage ,Maggie's brother came into the room ''shes going to notice the car'' ''duh, the cars not invisible'' ''just saying, i hope you know that.'' ''i hope she does.'' outside Nancy was walking around Herbie until she finally said '' i think this is the right time to do some quick snooping.'' Herbie heard this and didn't know what to opened the door and crawled over to look in the glove compartment, but automatically shut ''huh?'' she opened it again but it just closed again .Nancy got out and went to the front '' i'll bet the trunk has something interesting in it.'' she opened it and it closed nearly taking off her head '' what the...?'' Herbie was confused about what she wanted . but then he decided to do something, he honked his horn and blasted the radio with 'beat it' by Michael Jackson playing . Nancy shouted ''Maggie!Maggie! your cars rigged or something!'' Maggie came out ,looking suprised Nancy said ''i swear i didn't even touch the horn or the radio!'' ''i know . Herbie quit it!'' then there was an eery silence ''uuuuuuuh...Nancy , your probably wondering why the car was doing that stuff. '' '' uh yeah, sort of . also when i was checking the glove compartment it nearly took my fingers off and checking the trunk for something, my head.'' '' in the world did you do that?'' the cars horn began to honk apologetically ''sorry, Herbie's been sorta like that since the Trip Murphy incident.'' ''three things,one who's trip Murphy , what did he do , and whats with the car as a 'he' ?'' Maggie gave a look that said ' i blew it' ''well, i'll start with the car...this is ,well he has a mind own.''she said ,Nancy looked confused and then said''wait a minute so your saying...'' Maggie nodded as Nancy continued ''is alive?'' Maggie nodded.'''s got it.'' Nancy laughed ''Are you joking or are you just crazy?'' Maggie grinned and said ''Herbie,meet Nancy.'' Herbie honked his horn and flapped his front hood , Nancy stared in astonishment and muttered ''Bizarre...'' ''i know,it'll be hard to believe but its true.'' ''How did this happen?'' Maggie was about to say something but then gave a surprised look and said ''i have no idea to tell you the truth,it just happened i guess.'' ''but how those a car alive?'' Maggie got into the car with Nancy''i found him,we became friends,we won NEXTEL that.''just then ,Herbie began to honk his horn.''whats wrong?''Nancy asked Maggie sighed and put her head against the steering wheel''OK!OK!ok Herbie !i get wasn't THAT simple.'' then the honking stopped. '' and i thought my life was weird !''said Nancy , Maggie smiled and said ''well, i have you beat...unless you know an inanimate objects that are living .'' Nancy laughed and said ''nope!i just solve mysteries around the globe .'' ''ok back to the subject do you really want to know the whole story?'' ''yeah.'' ''we-ll , its a too long a story and to short a drive.''just then Herbie pulled to the side of the road''Herbie! what the...?'' pulled to a complete stop at the side of the road and Herbie began to blow his horn ''Herbie!what is your problem?'' she shouted confused ''i'm no Psychic but i think he wants you to tell me the story.'' just then Herbie beeped a 'uh-huh' . Maggie sighed then said calmly and slyly ''Herbie if i stay here and explain the story to Nancy , we'll miss the race.'' Herbie didn't budge. '' he clearly knows its just practice laps.'' Nancy said . Maggie sighed and rubbed her temples as if she had a headache''ok Herbie you win.i'll tell her if you just let us pick up Kevin.'' then Herbie popped a wheelie going as fast as he can like a shot screamed ,Maggie laughed and said ''Herbie , slow down.'' Herbie got back down on all four tires and slowed down and soon got to Kevin's garage . Kevin got to the car and smiled at the sight of the girls ''hey Mags!Hey girl i never met !'' Maggie snickered and said''Kevin this is Nancy Drew. shes a detective.''Kevin frowned cowardly and then said ''ok!whatever happens in this car,its all done by remote control!'' ''Kevin! its not about Herbie!its about those accidents at the track.'' ''oh...sorry 'bout that.'' Nancy laughed and said ''its ok. i get that im somewhere for a different reason alot.'' so...you know about Herbie?'' ''yeppers peppers.'' ''huh?'' Kevin and Maggie Herbie beeped a 'huh?' . Nancy laughed and said ''its a thing my Friend Morgan says alot.'' ''oooooooooh'' ''yeeeeeaaaaaah.'' Maggie broke the silence by saying '' lets get going!'' i said i'd tell her about the the 'Trip Murphy incident' .'' '' 'k Mags.'' the they took off down the road. I personally love this story so on it pleeeeeeeaaaaase. but NO flames! ''well...''Maggi began '' i wont start at the begining just the Trip part , well on the night before a race Trip offered to race for pinks...'' ''whats pinks?'' ''pink slips ,your car.'' ''and you bet on Herbie ?'' ''sadly that stupid. anyway well the day of the race Herbie was first going great but...'' ''but?'' ''well when i shouted 'come on Herbie!i want that stock car.'he stopped '' ''i don't really blame him.'' Maggie sighed and said ''neither do then i let Herbie be taken away.'' '' i told her she was heartless to do it...''Kevin began before Maggie puched him in the gut ''i get it Kevin!it was a mistake!i fixed it!'' '' what happened?'' Nancy asked '' Trip put Herbie in a demolition derby, but luckily i saved him.'' '' you gave up the first Artificial intelligence in the world for a stock car?'' ''A.I. ? never thought of it that we fixed up Herbie and then won NEXTEL cup.'' by then they were at the track '' Nancy go ahead to tell the office were 'll be in the garage'' ''ok Maggie.'' when Nancy returned she looked a bit scared.''Maggie?so this Trip guy, hes bad right?'' ''yep. pretty bad.'' '' well i think i saw him registering at the office '' '' WHAT?'' '' there now. i thought you said the nut house took him away?'' ''yeah they did!'' ''well they must have released him.'' said Nancy Maggie ran to check and Herbie shook with fear.''this is bad right?'' Kevin nodded with fear in his eyes and said ''very.'' Maggie came back looking mournfully '' yep .hes back.'' Herbie drove out of the garage like lightning ''uh oh. we better go after him!'' Maggie said running after him and came back driving Herbie '' lucky us the office is up high in the stands.'' she said getting out ''but i don't blame Herb .i just don't want to go to jail for murder.'' Nancy chuckled and said dryly '' are we in danger?'' Maggie sighed an said ''were not but Herbie might be.'' '' guys better get d ","Summary":" Maggie was driving home from her boyfriends in Herbie. She was looking at the note she found in Her"},{"Movie":"Herbie series","Title":"Leave you behind","Author":"Burnbee","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9847232","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Maggie's POV I opened my eye's and found i was in a hosptial bed. My friends and family gathered around me. \"dad?\" I ask. My father looked at me and smiled. \"Maggie!\" Ray Sr. Shouted and hugged me. Sally and Ray Jr. ,my brother, hugged me too. \"hey Mags.\" Kevin waived from the door. I motioned for him to come in and he hugged me then sat down. \"guys, what happened?\" I ask. Smiling face's went away. I panicked. \"what happened?\" I ask again. \"Mags you were in a crash while racing. Trip ramed Herbie and you both flipped over Trips car then crashed into the wall.\" Ray Jr. said. \"nothing major. you passed out though.\" Ray Jr. added. I nodded then sat up. \"what about Herbie?\" I ask. no one answered. Sally ovided eye contact and the others just sat there blankly. I got out of the hospital bed. \"what about Herbie?!\" I demaned. Kevin shrugged. \"I couldn't fix him. we sent him out to get fix but i dont think they can Mags.\" Kevin replied saddly. \"how bad was the crash?\" I ask. no answer. \"how bad was the crash?\" I ask louder this time. Ray Jr. pulled up a picture of it on his laptop. I felt tears prick my eye's. \" no. no. NO! there has to be something someone can do!\" I shouted crying. \"they're trying Maggie, but i don't think-\" Ray Sr. started. \"I DON'T CARE WHAT YOU THINK! HERBIE'S MY FRIEND!\" I shouted. I turned to my brother. \"you have to take me to see him.\" I begged. everyone went to protest. \"please!\" I begged looking to my dad. \"alright. i'll take you.\" Ray Sr. said. I got out of the hospital gown and we left. Please Herbie! You have to be ok. Please be ok. I thought as we drove down the road. Kevin and Sally in Sallys car behind us. When we reached the place I didn't even give dad time to stop the car i just jumped out and ran. \"where's the white 1963 volkswagen beetle?\" I man at the counter looked at me. \"please sir! where's my car?\" I ask. My dad came up behind me and nodded at the man. He sighed. \"you must be Maggie. i'm Carol.\" Carol said. \"Herbie is right this way.\" Carol said. I noticed he didn't sound happy or sad but monotone. I knew that couldn't be good. \"excuse me, but you can fix him right?\" I ask. Carol didn't respond for a moment. \"I might be able to but it would take time by myself.\" Carol replied finally. \"i'll help.\" Kevin said. \"I can get my pit crew to help.\" Ray Jr. said. Carol smiled and nodded. \"i'm not much help but i'll try.\" I said. Carol smiled and nodded again. \"we'll leave you and Herbie alone for a little while then we'll get to work. long enough for his pit crew to get here.\" Carol said pointing to a door. I nodded and thanked him before walking towards it. I walked in the room and nearly burst into tears again. oh, Herbie... I thought saddly. Herbie looked better comming out of the derby at least then all his parts where still connected. half his front bumper was crushed, he was leaking oil in a pan, his left headlight was shattered, his hood was dented a bit, his rear axel wheel was in piece's on the table behind him, all his windows where shattered, his left mirror was broken in half, his right mirror was completely gone, his roof was caved,his antenna was gone laying on the ground beside him, his left door was barley hanging on, his right door was completely off on the table beside his rear axel,and to top it all off there was a massive stain of blood on him. \"Herb? Herbie?\" I ask softly. I got a small beep in reply. tears ran down my face and i sat in front of him. \"Herbie, i'm so sorry. we're gonna fix you though. \"I promised. Herbie's bumper raised slightly in a smile. I smiled to. \"I'm sorry Herb i didn't mean for this to happen.\" I whyped tears off my cheeks. Herbie beeped twice before the sound of him searching for a station came out. \"mistakes will be made.\" some man from a station said. I smiled and laughed. I gently patted his bumper. How I wish it was a dream. I wish Herbie wasn't hurt like this. I thought as i looked at him. \"Herbie, I know i've said this but i'm saying it again, i'm so sorry this happened.\" I said. Herbie beeped softly as I carefully rubbed my hand over his hood. \"Maggs we need to get you home so you can rest.\" Ray Sr. said. I shook my head at my dad. \"i'm staying with Herbie.\" I replied. my dad shook his head. \"Maggs, Herbie will be fine. you need to go home and rest.\" Ray Sr. sighed. I stood up. \"i'm staying with Herbie.\" I stated again. my dad sighed and left. I knew how to use some of the tools so i begain fixing some of his parts. it took some work but I reattached his antenna, uncaved part of his roof, and gently removed his other door. I got all the blood off him and took all the broken glass and such out of him. then i removed his broken mirror and placed it beside his rear axel. I picked up my cell phone. \" Kevin, i need you to find to side mirrors for me. Herbie's are trashed.\" I said. Kevin hung up and was there a few minutes later. I forgot how close his shop was to this one. \"here Maggie.\" Kevin said. he handed me the mirrors. I thanked him and got back to work. \"say Maggs?\" Kevin ask. I turned to him. \"yeah Kev?\" I ask. \"where do you want me to start?\" Kevin ask. I smiled. \"anywhere that you want.\" I replied. \"anything you think should be fixed first?\" Kevin ask. \"his front bumper, then his headlights.\" I replied working on getting the things together to fix the rest of his caved roof. after we finished those things Herbie looked alot better, but we still had a ton of work to do. \"the next important things would be his rear axel and the fact that he's leaking oil.\" I said. Kevin nodded and started on those while I worked on fixing his doors. I guess I fell asleep because the next thing i remember was Kevin telling me Rays pit crew was here. I stood up and streached looking Herbie over. we'd fixed what we could. he was still leaking oil, but he had his antenna, he had new mirrors, his roof was almost completely fixed, here rear axel wheel was back together, the blood was gone, all of the broken glass was gone, his doors were in semi-good condition,we ordered two new headlights, and his bumper wasn't completely crushed anymore. we did alot and Herbie looked alot better then he had when we started, but he still wasn't in running condition. \"woah when Kevin said you two had been up most the night fixing Herbie i didn't realize you guys were doing this much. \"Ray Jr. said with a smile. Herbie beeped in agreement. Ray Jr. moved out of the way and some of his crew came in. \"right now we need to get him to Kevins shop. can we roll him?\" Ray Jr. ask. \"afraid not. Herbie's rear axel is broken off. I put it back together but it would have to be put on first.\" I replied. \"so we can't roll him, we can't pick him up...Kevin can we bring your tools here?\" Ray Jr. ask. \"yeah. go get'em you know where they are.\" Kevin replied. Ray Jr. and some of his crew left. \"now we need to get him outside.\" Carol sighed. I smiled. \"i think i know how we can do that!\" I exclaimed. they looked at me. \"first we need something to lift up the back end.\" I said.\"something that rolls.\" I added. \"i have just the thing.\" Carol smiled. he came back and set it up. I nodded in approval. \"not what i had in mind but it'll do.\" I said. *fourty five minutes later* with the help of Herbie they finally got him outside just as Ray Jr. pulled up. \"how'd you get him outside?\" Ray Jr. ask. I looked at my brother and shook my head. \"trust me you don't want to know.\" I said. he raised an eyebrow but didn't say anything else about it. \"let's get started.\" Ray Jr. said. hours and hours later Herbie was back, he was repainted, and he was parked in the garage. \"no matter what happens to you Herbie, i will never leave you behind.\" I said then closed my eye's drifting off in his backseat. ","Summary":" Maggie's POV I opened my eye's and found i was in a hosptial bed. My friends and family gathered ar"},{"Movie":"Herbie series","Title":"Horace Fully Loaded","Author":"Mellygal","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9889867","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The doctor smiled as the little car started up. He'd felt guilty for allowing the bug to die at the hands of a cruel owner. \"What a shame...\" the old man sorrowfully said as the living beetle allowed him to remove a part from it, \"He used the fact that you knew nothing more, Horace, to manipulate you into hurting your brother...\" The guilt-stricken bug lowered on its suspension, till the frame hit the ground, and in a way, it winced. \"Horace, amends must be made, though I know not where Herbie is. Don't you agree?\" The black car glanced up. They did indeed... He quietly honked his new horn, agreeing. The doctor smiled softly, removing the plate that branded Horace with the symbol of the old owner and he replaced it with a new, official plate, \"California, PGQ968... Look, Horace, it's like your brother's... After O is P, after F is G, After P is Q, then after 8 is 9, after 5 is 6, and after 7 is 8...\" He laughed a little... Several years later... A young man and a young woman rode inside a different beetle, a white one, with stripes, and the number 53 on it. The little bug sweetly beep-beeped as it did a wheelie going down the road, Yes, crazy for a bug, but like the one before, it was special... Though it had had the luck of not being manipulated when it knew nothing of right or wrong. The young man cried out \"Whoo! Herbieee!\" as the car did it's tricks. He turned to the young woman, \"You know, I saw a little bug that I was thinking of getting... You know, seeing if maybe Herbie could get a friend... It's gonna need a lot of work, but crazy-Dave will practically give the thing to me.\" The woman laughed, \"Kevin, not every car is like Herbie.\" Kevin spoke again, \"Yeah, I know, Mags... But I just saw this one and got the same feeling as when I look at Herbie.\" Maggie blinked, \"Well, I guess it's worth a shot to drive by and see it. Come on, Herbie!\" The car beeped once more, taking the turn to the junkyard... Horace glanced around for about the bazillionth time, his worry growing greater each time... Just his luck, a good owner or two, then one that treated him like crap and didn't even bother to look under the hood for an issue... It was how he ended up in a junkyard anyhow! He couldn't help but notice as a white blur came into the yard...Dust flying all around. He tried to shake the dust off his headlights, or, at least one of them, but ended up flailing off of the bricks that held him up. Two of his tires had totally fallen off... He let out a sigh. It was probably just some other white car. ... But... that speed!... Herbie stopped on a dime as directed by Maggie. He looked all over this place, inwardly giggling at what he'd done to Mr. Dave... When they got out, Herbie calmly followed behind, curiosity filling his headlights, but as soon as he saw what Kevin was looking at, he let out a beep that sounded like a scream of trembled like crazy, beeping in frightened tones. Horace. Horace looked up at the familiar sound, perking up. Maggie saw his perk and wiped one of the headlights clean, so the car could see better. She'd just gotten into a habit of that with Herbie. She then looked to both beetles. \"Herbie, what's the matter?!\" she cried with worry. Herbie winced and shut his eyes, as if cringing. Horace had gone from happy to see his brother to completely devastated by guilt again. He let out an apologetic \"Bmreeaowp...!\" Herbie opened his eyes... Horace had never honked before... He'd only growled... He wasn't growling in the least right now. Herbie blinked... \"... Meep?\" Horace bounced up and down, as if nodding. Kevin looked to MAggie, \"... What are they saying...?\" Maggie blinked and shrugged... Herbie looked Horace in the headlights fora long while... Deciding two wrongs don't make a right, he slowly 'nodded'. He'd give a chance... But he'd certainly be on his guard. Horace smiled- this was something he'd needed- a chance to redeem himself. A chance to prove he wasn't the bad guy! He would take it. As he was taken to Kevin's garage, he settled down to be fixed up... Meanwhile, on the other end of the city, a man recently freed from jail walked into the garage of a nascar driver, another man following behind him with a tablet... The two silently walked until the first one stopped, \"Rupert. is that him? the other man who hates that bloody little car?\" The man with the tablet lookied up and through the windows of an office sort of room... \"I think so, Simon, but we just got out of jail, so do you think we should really-?\" \"Shut up.\" Simon said, glaring at Rupert, \"He's watching that beetle beat him in nascar... over and over and over... We may have ourselves a new companion soon.\" He grinned, stepping closer to the door of the room, knocking, but not even waiting to come in. The man on the couch perked and stood, \"Who are you..?!\" he asked... \"Ah!\" simon chuckled, \"You must be the one and only Trip Murphy! Come, sit back down, we need to talk!\" Trip looked at Simon, \"About what? Because I don't have time for fans. I have a big race coming up.\" Simon's smirk grew, \"Oh, I'm no fan. I'm here to help you say... Exterminate a bug.\" Trip perked, suddenly listening. \"Oh?\" Simon grinned, \"And possibly,if we can rebuild him, do so with another bug.\" Trip thought for a moment,\"I don't really like bugs, but why don't you tell me more and I'll listen.\" Simon looked to Rupert, \"Help me fill him in on the story, Rupert.\" Rupert dutifully cleared his throat, \"Well, you see, it all started back in '97...\" ","Summary":" The doctor smiled as the little car started up. He'd felt guilty for allowing the bug to die at the"},{"Movie":"Herbie series","Title":"A Bit Off Track","Author":"Random Guise","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12592280","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Bit Off Track Click. That's all the sound Herbie made when Jim Douglas turned the key. He tried it again and didn't even get the click. He tried the headlights; they lit up the inside of the garage that was once a firehouse with no problem. That proved it wasn't the battery because there was plenty of juice. Taking it on the track for the first time and winning at Jackrabbit Springs probably weakened something in the car; he'd better have Tennessee look at it while he was going to see Carole when she got off work. ... Tennessee rolled out from under the car. \"Jim, I think I found the trouble. There's an electrical modulator between the ignition and the engine that isn't showing any continuity on the tester. I think it's busted.\" \"Well, just go get a new one.\" \"I wish I could. Remember, this little car is from Germany.\" Tennessee switched to a fake German accent. \"Iz not a verrry commun part, no? Da autoshtore von't carry eet.\" Jim gave his friend and mechanic a dirty look; sometimes it was hard enough understanding his regular voice. \"Okay Jim, no accent. The parts place probably doesn't carry this part; you'll have to special order it.\" \"But if I have to special order it we won't be ready for the race at the Libra Open this weekend.\" \"Okay, push it around the track then if you need to race that bad! But Herbie aint goin' anywhere under his own power until we get that part\" Tennessee said with finality. \"It's not my fault they can't send it from New York to San Francisco in 2 days.\" \"Whatever it takes, we need that part. Let me tell Thorndyke we'll have to settle our wager the next race AFTER Riverside.\" Tennessee Steinmetz took the part down to the auto parts store. \"Frank, Jim needs this part. It's from a '63 VW bug. As fast as you can.\" \"Sure thing Tennessee. I watched some film clips of that race you won. Odd vehicle to be racing against all those exotic high-power sports cars, don't ya think?\" \"As my Himalayan monk friends would tell me, the race does not go to the swiftest, just the fastest.\" \"But that's the same thing!\" \"I know. I guess if I had stayed on the mountain longer than I did, I'd be able to understand what dey were trying to say.\" ... Tennessee got the call and met Frank at the parts store the following week. \"Here's your part\" said Frank, handing him a bumper. \"Hey, that's not a modulator! What did you do?\" asked Tennessee, who probably wouldn't have been more shocked if Frank had handed him a tiger cub. \"Must have read the part number wrong over the phone; let me try ordering it again. You know, in that race you won it looked like the other cars were just moving over for you.\" \"Must be...because they know Jim's reputation. Okay, but we're going to miss the race at Monterey now.\" ... \"Frank, listen to me; you messed up again. Look at the two.\" Tennessee handed over the old modulator to Frank, who set it beside the one that had just come in. The new part was bigger, the wrong color and had completely different connections. \"I don't understand how I could have...wait a minute. What month was the car made?\" asked Frank \"I don't know,\" said Tennessee \"we don't celebrate its birthday! Why does it make a difference?\" \"They switched specifications in the middle of the model year and changed the design to make it more reliable. You must have the older design from the first part of the year. The newer part won't work. It's funny about that car, in the corners even with the skinny tires and a higher center of gravity it seemed to do better than lower cars with wide profile slicks.\" \"Less heat buildup in the tires probably\" explained Tennessee after a slight pause. \"No Las Vegas race now either. Jim hasn't been happy as it is. I hope he doesn't do something violent.\" ... \"Oh, I thought you said it was a '64\" said Frank with a little bit of embarrassment. \"I know, I know, you probably did say '63 and I just got it wrong in my head. Gonna have to reorder again...wait, it says here they don't make the part anymore. I'll have to order it through a third-party dealer that has stocked up on old stuff. Say, I was wondering why you raced with a spare tire in the trunk? It would just add dead weight.\" \"Umm, the backside of the track is out of the service area of our Roadside Assistance Program and it's too far for me run with a spare. No Tulare Fairgrounds race either? How am I gonna tell Jim this time?\" ... \"Tennessee, this is Frank. I finally got that part in and I KNOW it's the right one. Do you want to come pick it up?\" \"Forget it Frank. Jim got fed up with the whole thing and hung up his helmet for good. Said he was moving to New York and start working in a foreign car parts place because that's were the real money is.\" The End A/N: I actually owned a car once that it depended on what month it was built to get a particular part. As a kid I loved this movie even though I knew the racing wasn't realistic; I loved it because, well, it was still a movie that had racing in it. As I got older my mother, brother and sister all had VW bugs at some point. In fact one of the scariest times I had driving was using my mother's bug to commute to school and an unopened soda can left in the sun in the back seat exploded on a very hot day; Pepsi as I recall as I can still see in my mind the brown liquid slowly running down the side window. ","Summary":" A Bit Off Track Click. That's all the sound Herbie made when Jim Douglas turned the key. He tried i"},{"Movie":"Herbie series","Title":"Not Ready To Jump","Author":"Sorida","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6427018","Passage":"[Chapter 1] #28 * Herbie series Not Ready to Jump Summary: Herbie's thoughts of his very first demolition derby experience. Drabble-ish. A/N: No really, that's what this fic is about. I will do another to build up this fandom's fics but this is just to get the character traits so nobody goes too OOC in later ones. I know this wasn't the greatest Herbie movie ever made but I haven't seen HRA (Herbie Rides Again), HGtMC (Herbie goes to Monte Carlo), HGB (Herbie goes Bananas) or the TV movie The Love Bug. I'll watch them as soon as I can but for now, enjoy this fic. Also, try to catch a reference to another movie! Disclaimer: I don't own Herbie/any Herbie characters mentioned in this fic. I do not own anything in said fic. Disney does. To the humans, it's entertainment. To me, it's abuse. As much as I hate to admit it, abuse isn't all that new to me. If it happens once, it will happen again. That's why I try to make the best out of life. That's why I race; I love the speed, the thrill, the danger. I've always put my own life after everyone else's. I mean, it's not like I'm going to find another car like me. He's spraying something on me. All around me, others are starting their engines. I refuse to. Maybe this time, I'll let the abuse work. They're driving towards me. I know what happens now. CRASH! Pain shoots through my frame. I let go. I let go of everything around me. I'm ready to go. No will left and no friends left. Even Maggie left me for some new racing car. Her life is better without me. Maggie, I hope you have a happy life racing in all those new cars. You're a great driver; I just wish I could have been better. CRASH! More pain, but I'm numb now. Soon, it will all be over. I'll just be another car. Just another one for the scrap heap. I'm ready to go and this time, there's no Jim Douglas to stop me from jumping over the bridge. I guess I'll be with you again Jim. You and Tennessee. I'll finally be happy again. Bye Maggie. Huh? Maggie? You came back? You want me to come back? No, you're just saying that. You don't really want me back. You could have so much more, a better car, a real NASCAR team. I'm worthless. Wha-what is that? No, no Maggie! Look out! Don't worry, I've got you. Wait a minute, just got to get rid of the trash. Heh, that was fun. Haven't done that in a while. Ok, ready for this? Appropriate music? Check. Now let's get this show on the road! Literally. Jim, Tennessee, wait for me. I guess I'm not ready to jump just yet. Wish me luck. ","Summary":" #28 * Herbie series Not Ready to Jump Summary: Herbie's thoughts of his very first demolition derby"},{"Movie":"Herbie series","Title":"Smart Metal","Author":"Alexandra Spar","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5625817","Passage":"[Chapter 1] DISCLAIMER: \"Herbie,\" \"The Love Bug,\" and all related titles, names, characters, and indicia are the property of Disney and none of my own. Used without permission. No copyright infringement is intended and no money is being made. Smart Metal A smart metal is an alloy that \"remembers\" its original, cold, forged shape. He wasn't sure when he'd really first become aware of himself as a particular and separate bit of the world: there had been some very faint and distant memories of being built, of bright lights and the tingling-sparkling-not-quite-comfortable feeling of welding torches and noise and laughter and the ringing of metal on metal, and then some indeterminate space of time before he'd realized that he was, in fact, awake. And aware. And waiting for something. He'd been sold to various people, puttered around here and there and always been traded in for something flashier and newer and with a bigger engine. His engine was in the back, unlike most cars' in this country; it was air-cooled, and sounded (to be charitable) somewhat like a sewing machine when it was running at full tilt. A sewing machine with an amplifier. The individual ignition strokes were clearly and individually audible: rattle-rattle-rattle-rattle, or if he was trying to get up a steep slope in thin mountain air putt-putt-putt-putt. Now he'd come down to San Francisco, and he'd been sold to a lady's domestic, and had frightened the daylights out of the poor girl when he'd absently taken over and selected a more interesting route back to her mistress's house: he liked the hills, liked playing with the torque and momentum and timing required to smoothly manage traffic lights on an incline, moving off as surely and adeptly as if he had a newfangled Torque-Flite automatic transmission rather than his rattly little manual. Rolling backwards on a hill start, or revving noisily, or relying entirely on the handbrake, was amateurish. But the maid had panicked and returned him in a hurry to the dealer, a tiresomely look-at-me-I'm-British sort called Thorndyke; Thorndyke had not been happy to have such plebeian rubbish on his property. He'd been subdued when they got back to the dealership. For all he knew it wasn't her fault, her shock and horror and denial hurt a bit. Then there was Jim Douglas. He separated his existence mentally into before Jim Douglas and after Jim Douglas. Before, life had been quiet and exploratory and constantly wanting to find an excuse to show off; after, life was a lot more dramatic and painful and interesting, and he had friends. Real, actual friends. His driver was more important to him than Herbie had thought possible, and Carole--and Tennessee, who had been kind long before anyone else had thought of it--were worth everything to him. Sitting in the garage now and listening to his own metal go pink-pink as he cooled from the day's driving, Herbie remembered: the first time anyone had been kind to him, really, honestly, actually kind. He hadn't really understood what was happening when Thorndyke unscrewed his filler cap and poured something hot and sweet and thick and heady into his tank: the water in the mixture had sunk beneath the gasoline, and the solids in the suspension had settled into layers. There was something sharper than just sweetness in whatever he'd given Herbie, something like the kick of kerosene shot into his carb in cold weather; it felt warming and rather pleasant. Then he'd had more, and more, and quite soon felt himself beginning to drift off into a strange sort of blank doze. It had been hard to wake the next morning, but he'd managed to gather his energies in a dull numb kind of way as they prepared for the race. He'd felt a bit sick as he started his engine, but it had passed off for the moment: as they ran after Thorndyke he really began to feel as if he had a good chance in the race, but in the second half he suddenly felt the fuel coming through his pump and into his carb change texture and flavour and a moment afterward choked in a horrible hiccup of nausea. He lost power; tried to make it up again, tried to run through the sickness, but it wouldn't stop, and he lost all sense of direction, helplessly drifting back and forth, aware of Douglas trying to steer and unable to help. Tennessee was waving a sign: COME IN. He tried. It was terribly difficult to work out how to direct his drive-wheels, and he could feel the awful slimy substance, whatever it was, working through his exhaust--having cooked itself onto all the surfaces of his engine, a burnt-caramel stink that made him feel even sicker--and suddenly, humiliatingly, spluttered out a great gout of something white and foamy. Tennessee, tasting the mess: Irish coffee. The rest of the race passed in a sort of awful daze for Herbie; he'd been pushed most of the way off the track to where they'd got a trailer and ramps set up for him, and he'd really tried not to be sick again, but he couldn't help it. More of the foamy stuff spewed from his twin exhausts as Tennessee coaxed him up the ramps, and he didn't even realize until afterward that he'd got Thorndyke but good. That was some small consolation. The trip back home had been miserable. He hiccupped and spluttered even with his engine off, involuntary efforts to rid himself of the poison. The feeling of all his fuel lines glazed with caramel was unlike anything he'd ever experienced, and yet he was almost glad of it as a distraction from the nausea. When they'd got back, Tennessee and Jim had pushed him into the garage, and Jim had left--without a word. He shuddered with another unhappy expulsive effort, and that got Tennessee to pull over a work light and open his hood and have a look at what went on inside. Jim had left the keys, and Tennessee tried to turn his engine over: with a few unhappy splutters it caught, but it sounded horrible, and he couldn't get cool; there was too much rubbish in the air-cooling channels to let air through. He wondered if he was going to be scrapped, and thought: no, but Jim Douglas drove me, he will help me, he'll fix this somehow, won't he? Won't he? Tennessee was wiping some of the mess from his engine, and the gentle care with which he did it made Herbie, hot and miserable as he was, want to nudge closer to him. \"Poor little fella,\" he said, sounding worried. \"You got a temperature. --Don't worry, Jim'll be back soon. He never would've left if it wasn't something important.\" Herbie hiccupped again, and his engine made a thick sound and cut out. He'd never felt so sick, not even when he'd been on the cargo ship. Tennessee patted his manifold. \"I know,\" he said. \"Nothing worse than an Irish coffee hangover.\" Then there was someone at the door, and he'd strained to hear Douglas's voice, but it wasn't him; it was Miss Bennett. Herbie wished he felt better so he could enjoy listening to her, but he couldn't concentrate on anything other than feeling sick. Dimly he could hear Tennessee talking with her, and then there were cool fingers on his manifold, and then they went away; he could have whimpered. She was saying something. Not with Peter Thorndyke any more. I don't think his way. Oh, I know that, Tennessee said. How do you know? Herbie wouldn't like you, otherwise. Even through his sickness the Bug heard that, and thought: yes, it's true, I know she's all right. She always has been. Carole Bennett wriggled into a spare set of coveralls, and found the right wrench for the application, and then he shivered because there were those lovely cool fingers on his hot metal again, and they were gentle, and kind, and after a few minutes he could stop thinking so hard and just sort of drift, aware that unpleasant things were being done but not paying a great deal of attention to them. Whatever happens, he thought, I don't want her to go away. I want Jim Douglas to come back and say that he will take care of me, and I want her to stay, and I want Tennessee, and, and, and.... Herbie, under the sure and gentle touch of her hands, finally drifted into exhausted sleep. Now, in his own garage, sitting on fat luxy Wide Ovals and gleaming with newly-waxed shine, warm with the awareness of every part being just exactly as it should be and nothing out of place, Herbie wriggled a little in happiness, and in relief, that the memory was just a memory, and that in the morning the people who came to open the door and light his engine and take him out onto the road were people who loved him, and whom he loved. ","Summary":" DISCLAIMER: \"Herbie,\" \"The Love Bug,\" and all related titles, names, characters, and indicia ar"},{"Movie":"Aquamarine","Title":"Water: The First Summer of Camp Element","Author":"MARINA313","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6444328","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: i own this! this is my own work! i know i put it under aquamarine but the only thing they have in common are mermaids. plz read and review! i will update soon if you do... and dont call me a reveiw nazi! i asked nicely! Prologue Welcome to camp. This isn't just any camp. This is a special camp for special kids with special abilities. They come from all over the country to come here to train and learn about their powers and talents. This is Camp Element. Chapter 1 When I went to the beach last summer I expected the same trip as every other summer. I stay with my aunt and cousins, go to the beach some, hang out, shop, and then leave a week later. Little did I know that this particular beach trip would change my life forever... It all started when we went to the beach. We just came out of the water and were about to eat lunch when my cousin suggested we eat on the sand dunes. We grabbed our sandwiches and walked across the hot sand to the tall grassy dunes. We sat down and started eating when I saw something glimmering in the sand. I reached over and picked it up. I expected it to be a shell or a quarter or something but it turned out to be a necklace with a light sapphire gemstone that was blinding in the sun. I showed it to my cousins, \"Look what I found.\" I said holding up my treasure. \"Wow!\" Kati said pulling out of my hand to get a better view. \"I've never seen anything as shiny!\" My younger cousin Ali said leaning in next to Kati. It was true. They way the sun caught it, the little blue crystal inside shot beams of light in all directions. \"I don't know if I should keep it you guys. Someone might really be missing it.\" I said looking at the necklace sparkle in the sun \"You know what they say…\" Kati said handing me the necklace. \"Finders keepers,\" Kati said. \"Losers weepers!\" Ali chimed in. Instead of giving the necklace to my mom or laying it back in the sand, I put it on. A chill ran up my spine and my whole body felt like it was pricked with a billion ice cold needles. The feeling took my breath away. \"Oh my gosh.\" I gasped. I touched the necklace and it was as if it had turned to ice. I didn't think much of it. I just thought that I had a chill…in 95 degree weather. I reached around to try to take the necklace off but the clasp disappeared. I figured I was just being stupid so I gave up on that. Unfortunately it was time to leave the beach, for that day, and for the summer. We packed up our things, stayed the night and left the next morning. When we got back home, after a very tiring five hour drive, I ran started to unpack while my mom got the mail from our neighbor. \"Clara!\" my mom called from downstairs, \"Mail for you!\" Who would send a letter to me? I thought as I ran downstairs. I grabbed the letter addressed to Miss Clara Belington. I opened it up after I ran back up to my room. It was small yet perfect for me. My guitar was in the corner ready to be played, the walls were a light aqua blue. My bed was white with a white sheet and bright blue pillows. My bulletin board was full of pictures of my friends, my cat Bert, and other random things like concert programs, ticket stubs, key chains, ect. I jumped on my bed and opened the letter. It read: Congratulations! Your son/daughter has been accepted into the Elemental Music Camp. Only 160 fine musicians make it every year. Please, don't deprive your child of this life changing experience! A full scholarship has been provided so you won't have to pay a penny for this 6 week camp full of music, learning, fun, and friendship. Don't miss out. Return your application by July 6th! I dumped out the rest of the contents of the envelope and found a brochure full of cheesy pictures, applications, forms, and a bus-pick up info sheet. 6 weeks in the Montana lived in Washington so it wasnt like a cross country trip. I wanted to go really badly, I knew I was a good singer and I would benefit from this camp but what would mom think? I brought the envelope back down to her and let her go through it. \"Sounds good to me.\" She said signing off on the applications. \"Both me and dad will be at work all summer. This will be better than you sitting at home alone all day.\" She signed the last paper and had me run the forms to the mailbox. I couldn't wait for the day when that big bus pulled up and took me away from a boring summer. I ran over to Nathan's house after I went to the mailbox. He lived next door and we had grown up together. Making mud-pies in my back yard, dressing up Bert on goofy clothes that were for my dolls. We had been friends for years. I ran up to his doorstep and let myself in. \"Hey! I'm here!\" I called as I walked through the door. His parents were at work so he was alone with his sister. \"Hey!\" he yelled from the living room. I walked in to find him playing Halo and talking to someone on the little microphone. He was such a nerd! He pressed pause and moved some pillows so I could join him on the couch. I sat down and started to tell him about the music camp. \"You're kidding right?\" he asked looking shocked. I never thought about Nathan. What was he going to do over the summer? I hope I didn't hurt his feelings. \"Well, I already turned in the papers but I guess I don't have to go when the bus comes.\" I stammered out. \"No! This is great! I'm going to the same camp!\" He said. This was going to be an AMAZING summer! i hope u liked it! pm me for previews of the next chapters! agian, review, check out my profile, add me/my story to ur faves! hope you like. next chapter: they r going to camp![Chapter 2] Chapter 2 We packed up our things early Sunday morning. The date was July 20th and the bus to camp was on its way. I ran to the corner of the street with a backpack, a guitar in one hand and a duffle bag in the other. I set my things down and pulled out my iPod to pass the time. All of a sudden I felt a cold finger tap my shoulder. I must have broken some windows with my scream. I spun around to find Nathan howling behind me. \"You should have seen your face!\" he said with tears running down his eyes from laughter. \"Not funny!\" I said laughing along and playfully slapping his arm. \"Calm down Mermaid! It was just a joke!\" he said still chuckling. When we were little we used to play in those little inflatable pools together. I used to sing at the top of my lungs and swim like a mermaid. Ever since we were 5 he has called me that, but I don't mind. After a while of chatting and waiting for the bus he stopped talking. He looked nervous and he kept rubbing his palms together. \"Is everything alright?\" I asked. \"Yeah. It's just that I've been meaning to talk to you about something for a while. It's just that… I kinda… ummm… can't wait for camp!\" he finally said. \"Yeah me too!\" I said. Why did he get so nervous about saying he can't wait for camp? Maybe he was getting homesick already. The next 6 weeks would be really long if he was… After a little while the bus finally came with a big banner on the side saying, \"Music camp or bust!\" as I walked up the steps to board the bus I was hoping, no, praying that this wasn't one of those camps where you had to do 50 different camp cheers, and wear itchy t-shirts, and make tacky macaroni art. I can see the letter home now… \"Dear mom and dad, IF YOU LOVED ME YOU WOULD GET ME OUT OF HERE! Love, Clara.\" I found a nice seat in the back with Nathan next to a Goth chick and a really hot guy! I wanted to be nice so tried to start a conversation. \"Hi I'm Clara and this is Nathan. What's your name?\" she looked up from the book she was reading and brushed her long jet black hair with hot pink streaks out of her face. \"I'm Vanessa and this is my boyfriend Danny. You're new aren't you?\" She said putting the book back in her bag. \"Um yeah.\" I said rubbing my necklace. I haven't taken it off since the beach. I found the hook but I can't get it open! \"I can't wait! Maybe we will bunk together.\" I said. She stared at my necklace. She had one too but it was a pink gem. \"Probably not, they don't let-\" Then Danny stopped her. \"Common sweetie! She probably doesn't know. Let her find out.\" He said staring at her and holding her hand. \"What are you talking about.\" I asked. I was super confused. I looked at Nathan and he also looked like a deer in the headlights. \"Oh nothing.\" Vanessa said returning to her book. After a few more stops a lady that had clearly had Botox injections stepped up to the front of the bus. \"Boys and girls!\" she said clapping her hands. The bus quieted down and she began talking. \"Now that we have everyone, I hope your all ready for camp!\" The bus erupted in cheers. This must be a pretty awesome camp! \"If you don't see all of your friends, don't worry. They are probably on one of the other buses!\" She continued in an annoyingly high voice. \"If this is your first year, my name is Ms. Peachy, and if this isn't your first year, welcome back! We will be there in a few more hours so sit back, relax, and enjoy the soothing sounds of traffic!\" She was pretty annoying but she was funny. I grabbed my iPod out of my bag and started to listen to my favorite song. \"What are you listening to?\" Vanessa asked. \"Jonsi.\" I said pulling an ear bud out of my ear. \"Oh my gosh! I love him!\" she said sliding next to me. \"Wait, you know about him? Nobody does! It's so annoying!\" I said. \"I know! I went to see one of his concerts and it rocked!\" she said. \"Lucky! He only plays in Canada!\" I said. \"I know! My parents flew me up for my birthday.\" For the next hour we discussed music, books, TV, and basically everything! I looked over to see that Danny and Nathan had become pretty good friends. All off a sudden the bus swerved off the road and plunged over a cliff. As we were falling Vanessa looked at me and said, \"Welcome to camp!\"[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 We were falling. I braced myself on the seat on front of me. There were screams of terror, and… joy? Like how you would scream on a roller coaster. Nathan was freaking out too. I grabbed on to him without thinking. He held me in a way that made me feel safe, protected, even though we were going to die. I looked out the windshield to see the ground rushing at us at an unbelievably fast rate. I couldn't stop looking. I was hypnotized by my own death, but a split second before we crashed into the hard, unforgiving rock below a huge purple circle opened up, swallowing the bus. The bus slowed and leveled out as I looked out the windows dumbstruck. Why am I alive? I thought to myself. We were in a bright, glittering, purple tunnel. It was like those tunnels they use for the time traveling scenes in movies. We drove through for a couple of minutes before the tunnel opened up revealing a normal looking camp. Danny and Vanessa just looked bored. Ms. Peachy and some other counselors ushered us off the bus and into a large building with the words \"Camp Element\" above the large double doors. It turned out to be an auditorium. We took our seats as the other campers walked in. Some of them were bored, like Vanessa and Danny but others looked as confused and mesmerized as I was. Ms. Peachy walked on stage along with a big tough man that looked like he belonged in a high school gym, a hippie, and a woman that could pass as my grandma. \"Welcome boys and girls to Camp Element! We are all happy you are here and we are ready to get right down to business.\" She said speaking into a microphone. \"For those of you who are seasoned campers, you know that we like to do things to the max around here.\" She said pumping her fist in the air for enthusiasm. \"But if this is your first year you may be a little confused. This isn't really a dance camp or music camp or whatever else your letter said. You are all very gifted children with special powers that may someday change the world! You are what we like to call Hybrids. You are half human, half animal. Please look at your necklaces ladies or rings men. If it is a pink necklace you're a fairy, half human half butterfly.\" Vanessa was a fairy? Wow! Talk about first impressions can be deceiving! \"All fairies will be working with me in the dance studio and in the pink training center. Men with red rings are dragons.\" I looked over at Nathan. He had a red ring. \"They will be working with Coach Jones on the sports fields and in the red training center. Green rings and necklaces are centaurs. Half horse half human. They will be in the band room with Tom.\" She pointed to the hippie. Danny's dark green ring was sparkling in the light. What type of place was this? \"Finally girls and boys with blue necklaces are mermaids.\" What? I was a mermaid? There was no way! I could never be a mermaid and Nathan could never be a dragon! \"They will meet in the chorus room with Ms. Alexander and the blue training room.\" She continued, pointing to grandma. She went over some rules and the camp map. There were 40 cabins, five people per room. They were divided by \"hybrid\" and gender (duh.) They put each \"hybrid group\" in a different corner of the camp along with their training room and \"practice area\" (ex. Sports fields, dance studio, ect.) The mess hall, auditorium, and a lake were all in the center. The whole camp was surrounded by forest. I was still trying to get my mind wrapped around being a mermaid. Was this really true? I figured I was in a dream but no matter how many times I pinched myself I couldn't wake up, and Ms. Alexander kept talking about \"mermaid this\", and \"mermaid that\". I finally accepted the fact that I was going crazy and needed to check into an asylum in the near future. \"Now if you will all go to your cabins and make your selves comfortable we can start with some basic 'get to know you' activities. The cabin assignment list is on the bulletin board outside. That is where you will see all camp announcements.\" Ms. Peachy said returning to the microphone. \"You may be dismissed.\" Everyone stood up, grabbed their bags and headed to the doors. I walked over to the list, saw that I was in cabin M-08, and started to walk up the gravel trail to the mermaid cabins. I walked in and saw 3 other girls about 14 or 15 (which was my age) \"Hi I'm Clara.\"I said putting my bags on an empty bunk. \"Hi I'm Kylie!\" a tall red-headed girl said from the bunk above mine. \"I'm Nina.\" Said a brunette next to me. \"And I'm Kayla. It's nice to meet you.\" A blonde said shaking my hand. \"You're new aren't you?\" she asked. \"Yeah.\" I said meekly. \"Is it true, about the mermaids and fairies and stuff?\" \"Absolutely!\" Kylie said. \"Don't worry. Ms. Alexander is really nice. She will talk to you if you feel overwhelmed. She will take good care of you.\" I unpacked and started to make friends with some of the other girls. Nina was from North Carolina and had two dogs. Kayla was from Kansas and had been going to this camp for three years. Kylie was from Jersey and played a ton of sports. They all said this camp was a ton of fun and that the 6 weeks flew by really fast. That had to be the most reassuring thing I had heard all day. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: i own this! this is my own work! i know i put it under aquamarine but the only thing th"},{"Movie":"Herbie series","Title":"Nancy Drew and Herbie!","Author":"Herbie53fan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7223474","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Maggie was driving home from her boyfriends in Herbie. She was looking at the note she found in Herbie the day she bought him .she had just remembered it. she got home she looked up and saw her father, looking in a odd hopeful out he said ''Mags?'' looking up,smiling she said''yes?'' ''you've seen the accidents happening on the track the last two weeks right?'' ''yeah , they've been nasty...'' ''and there obviously not from wrecking, right?'' arching an eyebrow she said''dad, what is it?'' ''NASCAR hired a detective and shes going to be on your team while she solves whats making them. '' ''what?''she shouted '' clam down shes staying at our home .'' '' and i'm finding out about this now?'' ''listen , shes nice , shes smart , and shes coming next week...'' flopping on the couch she said ''i can see her now,37 years old , hair in bun ,trench coat saying 'im busy kid.' '' her father chuckled saying ''shes actually very close to your age,shes semi-famous teen detective and i doubt she wears a trench coat.'' ''and shes on my team why ?'' ''NASCAR picked at they picked our team.'' ''yeah'' she said,getting up and pointing into the garage''and shes going to have to meet our car.'' he stroked his chin and said ''you want to tell her when she gets here or shall i?'' Maggie thinks, then mischievously grins and says '' I think Herbie can tell her.'' '' hehe ok champ , good night.'' '' 'night dad'' then looks into the garage and says'' 'night Herbie!'' followed by a beep from Herbie. Next day in the Drew's house , Nancy was talking to Bess about her new case '' I don't know nanc' shes a good driver i've heard but her cars what gets me a little confused.'' ''what about her car?'' '' for one thing , its a vintage punch bug .'' '' what? you cant race in a bug ! there way too slow!'' ''well clearly it won a Nextel thing its called 'Herbie' .'' ''so? we nicknamed my car twinkle.'' '' NASCAR even calls it Herbie.'' ''so?'' ''so , i just think its weird.'' Nancy laughed ''ok , is there another thing ?'' ''ok , this next thing is truly crazy, during the Nextel cup ... the car was on the fence.'' nancy laughed '' huh? your kidding?'' ''no kidding. it was on the fence.'' ''i'll need proof , but its crazy.'' '' will you please ask her how she did it please?'' ''i'll try hehe.'' i don't own Herbie or Nancy Drew (waaaaah!) .comment on this . i know its a tad wordy, but next chapters going to be great.[Chapter 2] Maggie was driving home from her boyfriends in Herbie. She was looking at the note she found in Herbie the day she bought him .she had just remembered it. she got home she looked up and saw her father, looking in a odd hopeful out he said ''Mags?'' looking up,smiling she said''yes?'' ''you've seen the accidents happening on the track the last two weeks right?'' ''yeah , they've been nasty...'' ''and there obviously not from wrecking, right?'' arching an eyebrow she said''dad, what is it?'' ''NASCAR hired a detective and shes going to be on your team while she solves whats making them. '' ''what?''she shouted '' clam down shes staying at our home .'' '' and i'm finding out about this now?'' ''listen , shes nice , shes smart , and shes coming next week...'' flopping on the couch she said ''i can see her now,37 years old , hair in bun ,trench coat saying 'im busy kid.' '' her father chuckled saying ''shes actually very close to your age,shes semi-famous teen detective and i doubt she wears a trench coat.'' ''and shes on my team why ?'' ''NASCAR picked at they picked our team.'' ''yeah'' she said,getting up and pointing into the garage''and shes going to have to meet our car.'' he stroked his chin and said ''you want to tell her when she gets here or shall i?'' Maggie thinks, then mischievously grins and says '' I think Herbie can tell her.'' '' hehe ok champ , good night.'' '' 'night dad'' then looks into the garage and says'' 'night Herbie!'' followed by a beep from Herbie. Next day in the Drew's house , Nancy was talking to Bess about her new case '' I don't know nanc' shes a good driver i've heard but her cars what gets me a little confused.'' ''what about her car?'' '' for one thing , its a vintage punch bug .'' '' what? you cant race in a bug ! there way too slow!'' ''well clearly it won a Nextel thing its called 'Herbie' .'' ''so? we nicknamed my car twinkle.'' '' NASCAR even calls it Herbie.'' ''so?'' ''so , i just think its weird.'' Nancy laughed ''ok , is there another thing ?'' ''ok , this next thing is truly crazy, during the Nextel cup ... the car was on the fence.'' nancy laughed '' huh? your kidding?'' ''no kidding. it was on the fence.'' ''i'll need proof , but its crazy.'' '' will you please ask her how she did it please?'' ''i'll try hehe.'' i don't own Herbie or Nancy Drew (waaaaah!) .comment on this . i know its a tad wordy, but next chapters going to be great. ","Summary":" Maggie was driving home from her boyfriends in Herbie. She was looking at the note she found in Her"},{"Movie":"While You Were Sleeping","Title":"Power Of A Thousand Armies","Author":"Entire Oranges","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12810563","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Jack I can't do this.\" She whispers, tears falling freely. In response he takes her hand squeezes. \"I don't think you have a choice at this time. But I know you can do it. You are the strongest, most stubborn person I know Lucy.\" \"What if I can't be there for her? Like my mom….\" He leans down and kisses her before brushing away some of the tears. \"Lucy you're mom didn't leave you by choice. It'll take the power of thousand armies wielding cleavers for you do the same.\" \"I'm scared.\" \"I know. I have faith it'll be wonderful.\" ","Summary":" \"Jack I can't do this.\" She whispers, tears falling freely. In response he takes her hand squeeze"},{"Movie":"While You Were Sleeping","Title":"while he was trying to sleep","Author":"sillybilly4","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12940874","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Not that one...that one.\" Her soft voice keeps echoing in my mind. I punch my pillow into another shape, but I can't seem to get comfortable. Why didn't she say anything before? Well, I know why, she explained that this afternoon...but how couldn't I have seen it? Didn't I though? When she asked me if there were any reason I could think of that she shouldn't marry Peter? Weren't her eyes beseaching me? What if I had said it? What if I had said… because I'm in love with you. What if I had marched right up those stairs and taken her into my arms and kissed her? Would she have pushed me away? Or pulled me in? Why am I still here and not with her? Jeez. Well, I know why. I want to give her some space. The ache in my chest is telling me that that space is not going to be long, first thing in the morning I am going to do something about this! Coming to this conclusion calms down the anxiety in me, but starts a whole new feeling - and i find myself drifting to sleep with a crazy grin on my face. \"Marry me?\" she's so close, and this time there is nothing holding me back, I can smell the fruity shampoo she uses, her warm eyes are gazing at me with pure happiness reborn after years of loneliness. \"Yeah\" she whispers, and my heart falls out of my chest. \"I love you\" she says, the soft tone of her voice washes over me like a warm tide. \"I love you back\" No more time to waste, its time to claim this woman with my lips. As I lean down, bringing my face close to hers, she strokes my cheek with her cold fingers sending jolts of thunder to my spine and into my legs: I have to lock them to make sure they do not buckle. The slightest caress of breath before our lips finally touch. Soft, sweet and home. i feel her arms slide up around my shoulders i want to tug her up out of her chair, to wrap her against my frame and warm her with my love. Distracted by the family she giggles and it fills my heart with joy to know that i can give her this as well. But then i can't dwell on it, because i haven't had my fill of touching her, so i lean in once again. ","Summary":" \"Not that one...that one.\" Her soft voice keeps echoing in my mind. I punch my pillow into anothe"},{"Movie":"While You Were Sleeping","Title":"Engaged","Author":"LovesBrooklyn","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12871611","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Lucy had been busy recently, and happily so. She had found and started a new job, at a public library. She still spent long hours in an uncomfortable chair but at least she had more freedom to walk around and could fill the long hours reading whatever she pleased. After work, she liked to take the EL to Jack's workshop. She'd sit on his work bench and tell him about her day at the library, the new book she was reading. She was always happy to watch him work. He seemed to be getting more and more orders and told her he was happy how his business was growing. He assured her he would schedule everything around their wedding and honeymoon. She believed him and didn't worry too much about this. He still hadn't told her what their honeymoon would be and she looked forward to the surprise nearly as much as she looked forward to their wedding day. More often than not, when Lucy took the EL to Jack's workshop, she ended up staying late, and eventually scrambling into the passenger seat of his box truck to stay at his apartment for the night. Lucy had also began spending most weekends at the Callahan's apartment out in the suburbs. The cab ride was long and little pricey but the moment Midge opened the door, excitedly announcing over her shoulder that Lucy was finally there… the moment Lucy stepped into the entryway, letting Saul or Ox take her sweater, Mary rushing up to her with a tricky math problem or book report that needed editing… well, any amount of time at the Callahan's was worth it. Jack had had several large orders due in a row and often got caught up late at the workshop on Friday nights. He'd make it to the house long after his parents and sister had gone to bed. Lucy usually slept on the couch waiting for him and would wake when the headlights of his box truck swept over the living room. She'd hug her blanket around her shoulders tightly and stumble up to answer the door for him. She'd kiss him sleepily and he'd apologize for being late once, twice, three times. Sometimes, he'd led her to the guest bedroom and they'd fall asleep beside together, sometimes she'd fall back asleep on the couch and he'd sleep on the recliner next to her. On Saturday mornings, she'd join Mary, Midge, and Elsie driving around the suburbs, hunting for garage sales. More often than not, Elise and Midge were able to talk her into staying for dinner and Sunday morning mass. All of this to say, Lucy hadn't been home much. Jack had taken her cat to his apartment actually. He took her back and forth to the workshop so Lucy knew she was happy and taken care of. In fact, Lucy realized it'd been four days since she'd stepped foot in her apartment building. She held her breath and hoped Joe Jr. wouldn't somehow feel her presence and appear. She entered the apartment and rushed to the turn the heat on. She opened the fridge to take inventory and rolled her eyes when she discovered that the shelves of the fridge door had fallen off and lay forgotten and useless on the kitchen counter. She closed the fridge and instinctively opened the freezer to help herself to a glass of ice water but… of course she had forgotten that the freezer was empty, as it hadn't been getting cold enough to keep everything frozen in a month. Lucy rolled her eyes and literally waved her hand at the fridge, deciding it wasn't worth worrying over. She didn't need groceries. She was never home and she was dieting for the wedding anyway. Lucy was able to wave away the broken refrigerator… and the dead lightbulb in her bedroom. But when she went to open her closet and the door knob fell off in her hand? Well, that was just too much. She looked around the apartment and signed dramatically. She could go downstairs, knock on Joe Sr.'s door and complain. But she knew Joe Sr. would just send Joe Jr. up and that Joe Jr. would just mosey around the apartment for a few hours and everything would be just as terrible as it was before he had been there. So, she picked up the phone and dialed Jack's workshop. When he answered, she said something she'd never said to him before: \"I need help.\" An hour later, Jack stood in the kitchen with her. Both of their hands were on their hips, surveying the situation. Finally, Jack said, \"When does your lease end?\" \"End of the month,\" she answered. \"So, about four weeks. I have an appointment with Joe Sr. next week to discuss a short term lease to… to get me until the wedding.\" \"Sure…\" Jack said slowly. \"You could do that… or...you could move in with me.\" Lucy whipped her face to look at him quickly. She seemed speechless.\"Come on, Luce,\" Jack said softly. \"We'll be married in just a few months and you're always over there anyway and it's closer to the library. But-\" She opened her mouth to say something and he held up a hand to stop her. \"But really I'm asking you to move in with me because I love you and I'm excited to start a life with you.\" Every inch of Lucy softened when Jack said that. It wasn't a matter of logistics or convenience; it was love. Lucy kissed him happily and teasingly said, \"Only if you agree to get a new comforter.\" \"A new comforter? My comforter is totally cool.\" \"It's denim, Jack. We'll pick something together, okay?\" He agreed and they kissed again. Lucy had called Jack thinking he would replace the lightbulb and fix the closet door knob. Instead, he pulled out some cardboard boxes out of his box truck and they started packing her things, preparing to have her moved by the end of the month. ","Summary":" Lucy had been busy recently, and happily so. She had found and started a new job, at a public libra"},{"Movie":"While You Were Sleeping","Title":"What to do?","Author":"BritishAlien","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7608318","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello guys. I think this film is so beautiful and such a feel good film that it is often ignored and forgotten. I watched it for the first time in years a couple of days ago and have been itching to write something….anything about it. I hope you enjoy this little scene. Set during the scene in the hospital where Jack is playing cards with his brother -x-x-x- It was late. Heck, it was always late. Time was passing by so fast these days after his brother's accident. It had hardly seemed like yesterday that he'd first laid eyes on that woman who had been curled up on the family couch. He hadn't known what it was at first. That strange feeling you get in your stomach. He'd thought it had been the temperature change having just jumped out of that icy cold death trap of a van and into the warmth of the family home. But after a night's sleep and a brief conversation with her, he had come to realise that Lucy was all he wanted. She was perfect, kind and sweet….and unattainable. She was engaged to his brother, who now lay before him in a coma after she had saved him. It was dark in the hospital room. Jack looked at Peter. He was asleep. That's how he liked to look at it anyway. Coma meant unbreakable to Jack and he wanted his brother to break free of its hold and be Peter again. The Peter that they all knew and loved. However, the stunned smile that was plastered over his sleeping brother's face didn't signify a kind of relief or contentment, to Jack it oozed smugness. His brother had her….the woman of his dreams. But for all the world he couldn't tell a soul about his feelings for his brother's fiancée. No one would accept it and no one would believe it. Least of all her. It was dark in the hospital room. When Jack had arrived, he had drawn up a chair to his brother's bed, flicked a light on and for the last half an hour, Jack had sat playing cards on the wheelie hospital table with his brother, just as they had done when they were younger. Only this time, Jack was playing for both of them, almost wishing that Peter could wake up and cheat like he used to. Jack had always been the best at poker. Card games were his forte, or so his dad had said. He could win every hand but make people want to continue playing because it didn't matter that they were losing, they were having a good time. That was his trick. He could always win, but now…the success in a card game meant nothing compared to the pain at loving someone who wouldn't love him back. Suddenly, Jack heard footsteps. They weren't crisp, hitting the floor so that he could hear each step, but they kind of merged. A movement that was making its way slowly but surely towards his brother's room. Jack wanted this, but didn't turn around just yet. The inevitability of a conversation to disperse the lurid atmosphere was too potent to risk making any noise that might forestall it. At the sound of a familiar voice, Jack finally turned to see Saul standing by the door to Peter's room. Wrapped up in his winter gear, with his hat edged in a light covering of snow, his scarf wound tightly around his old face and his large coat making him look like an Inuit. Jack smirked. Half glad to see his old next door neighbour and his brother's god father. 'Hello m'boy.' Saul said, removing his hat and placing it on the end of the bed. He began to unwind his scarf and undo the buttons on his long brown coat. It was one heck of a cold night. Not for the likes of an ordinary person to want to find themselves out. 'Hey Saul.' Jack finally replied, pushing the cards back into a solitary pile and shuffling like his dad had once taught him. The flutter of the cards satisfying a fancy to not linger in silence as Saul made his entrance. Jack and Saul had always gotten on. Now just felt like a time to break the ice. 'What are you doing here on a perishing evening like this?' The old man, who had now removed his winter gear, asked and pulled up a chair, placing it on the opposite side of the bed to Jack. 'Seeing my brother. Dad wants me to look further into the Van Allen estate tomorrow. I'll be too busy to visit Peter before I head up to see you guys at six for the party.' His dad had always been a hard task master. Even now that Jack ran the business; his father would still crack the whip. No rest for the wicked. 'But its New Year's Eve…' 'I know.' Jack smirked. To be honest, he was actually quite glad that he was being kept busy. Otherwise every thought would turn to her. This way only every other thought would make his mind wander. 'Pah! Your Pop works you too hard, I say.' He said as he resolutely sat down on his chair and held his godson's hand. 'A man's gotta eat, Saul.' Jack joked. 'And I have to keep this business going or I'll be letting him down. If I left like Peter did, he'd have no one. I can't do that to the guy.' 'You're a good boy, Jack.' Saul reached over the bed and patted him on the shoulder. It was appreciated, but it wasn't enough to console him. Jack had wanted to leave the family business for years, but because his brother had aired his disapproval of the trade first, he had gotten out and had become a lawyer, leaving Jack lugging furniture across states. Come to think of it, Peter had always gotten the better deal. In life and in love. Jack looked at Peter enviously. He tried to look away quickly, concentrate back on his cards or something, but he knew that Saul had seen him. 'What's wrong, Jack?' 'Wrong? Nothing's wrong.' Jack affirmed quickly. Trying to think of something to say. 'The doctor's say Peter will make a full recovery in time. That's great. Then he can get married and have a wonderful life with Lucy. How could anything be wrong?' He was toying with his own hopes here, he thought. Saying everything he wanted not to be true only for it to hurt as the words ran out of his mouth. 'Now Jack. I know I'm an old man but I'm not a putz. You can tell me. Promise. I won't breathe a word.' Saul's kindly old eyes bore into Jack's mind. They were so true and he knew that he could trust his old next door neighbour. Jack stopped shuffling the deck of cards and placed them on the small hospital table. He looked down, allowing his hair to flop over his eyes so that he couldn't see his brother. He sighed, his eyes down at his own feet. 'Have you ever been in a situation where…where your heart is crying out for you to do something because there's the slightest possibility that things might turn out alright, only for your head to step in and stop you because whatever it is you have to say… might cause more problems?' He looked up into Saul's eyes. His last syllable drifted around the small hospital room and into nothing. There was a long silence. Too long a silence for Jack to expect a favourable reply. He returned his gaze to his feet and went to reshuffle the cards. But before he could reach them, a reassuring hand was placed once again on his shoulder. Saul looked sincerely at the younger man. 'I know exactly what you mean, my boy.' Jack's eyes flashed up to his old friend's. A shared understanding? Jack knew he would never be the only one to feel like this…but it was the confirmation that made it all seem reasonable. 'And I think…I know who your intentions are aimed at.' Jack's heart sank. Was it really that obvious? 'I won't say her name due to…er…present company, but you're not alone.' Saul joked. His eyes wandered to the sleeping man in the bed. Jack flicked his hair from his eyes. There he was. The man who stood in his way and yet the man he could never hurt or wish bad things upon. A man he was proud to call his brother. Jack sighed loudly, partly out of self-hatred and partly from frustration. 'What should I do, Saul?' Jack wasn't a begging man. He had never wanted or needed any form of help like this before, but then again, he had never felt like this before about anybody. 'Me? Personally, I would tell her. I had doubts about telling my beloved how I felt when I first met her. Took me two years to finally say anything and you know what? I regretted those two years for the rest of my life. Still do.' Saul knew the truth, He knew that Lucy wasn't really engaged to Peter and never had been. He had promised her that he would tell the family. Up until now he hadn't dared. It was too hard a topic. Maybe this was his way of sorting things out. Making things right. 'Now, I understand the apprehension you might have because of the current situation, but whatever your heart says, your body should follow, right? Or you'll regret it for the rest of your life.' Saul had spoken truth. Jack beamed. Finally, a consul to his dreams. To leave 'Callaghan & Son' and start up his own little business and marry Lucy. All of sudden, by the side of his brother's bed, it all seemed possible. Saul withdrew his reassuring arm and stood. He kissed his godson's forehead and walked to the edge of the bed. Jack was clearing away his cards, a sudden feeling of elation and chance filling his weary soul. His next door neighbour wrapped himself back up in his coat, hat and scarf and walked to the door which led into the hospital and out into the rest of the world. 'The truth of the matter is that you have to question yourself and your motives. How much do you love her and how much do you want your brother to be happy with her? Your choice.' And with that, Saul left the hospital room and walked to the lift, disappearing down the narrow chute and into the real world where nothing was as simple as it should be. Jack watched as the old man left him behind with his brother. Jack's gaze jumped between the way out and his brother. Why were decisions so hard? What would it take for happiness to be had by both sides? All Jack knew was that whatever he did would change their lives for ever. The only real question was…what to do? -x-x-x- I hope you enjoyed this little scene. I do love this film and I do hope that this has added a little extra something to it. Thank you for reading and take care. xxx ","Summary":" Hello guys. I think this film is so beautiful and such a feel good film that it is often ignored an"},{"Movie":"While You Were Sleeping","Title":"Happiness","Author":"Araminta18","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7419537","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Movie: While You Were Sleeping Pairing: Lucy/Jack Disclaimer: I own nothing. Lucy smiled to herself as she walked home. It had been a long day, and she was exhausted. Still, she smiled as she headed up the stairs to her—their—apartment. As she unlocked the door, she heard an unfamiliar sound—it sounded almost like someone singing! Entering the apartment, her cat was nowhere to be seen and the tv was off, but someone was in her kitchen, making noises that could only generously be described as singing. Fortunately for Lucy, the singing stopped as soon as the door shut. \"Lucy? Is that you?\" Lucy put down her purse and slipped off her shoes, still smiling as she walked in to the kitchen. There was her husband, wearing an apron, slaving over a hot stove. She still couldn't get over it; so many years of coming home to a cat, and now she came home to a loving husband—who cooked to boot! \"Yes Jack, it's me. Were you expecting someone else?\" she grinned as he came towards her, an equal grin on his features. \"Well, you never know…had to make sure it wasn't my girlfriend arriving when my wife was about to come home\" he smirked, snaking his arms around her waist and leaning in for a kiss. \"Whatever,\" she whispered as she leaned in for the kiss. Lucy loved kissing Jack—loved being married to him. He always made her feel so special, so loved. Even after almost a year of marriage, she still felt like they were on their honeymoon. Although Chicago wasn't exactly Florence… \"Hmm, spaghetti for dinner?\" Lucy asked as the kiss ended. Jack laughed. \"yep—something Italian, you know? It should be ready in about 10 minutes.\" \"Ok,\" Lucy said as she grabbed plates and glasses and started setting the table. It wasn't exactly ten minutes, but it was pretty close to it when they finally sat down to dinner. Lucy was starving; it had indeed been a long day. Jack too wasted no time digging in. \"So, how was your day at the shop? Did you manage to finish up that dining room set for Mrs. Allen?\" Lucy asked Jack. \"It was busy. We'd just finished up that set when Mrs Allen called and said she'd decided that she wanted a sideboard to match the set, and we got a couple new orders for those rocking chairs that you love. I'm thinking about hiring another carpenter to help out; there certainly seems to be enough demand,\" Jack said, in-between bites. \"How about you? How were classes?\" \"Oh, fine,\" Lucy replied, in a somewhat preoccupied air. \"This spaghetti sauce is great! How'd you make it?\" Jack looked at her for a second, and smiled. \"Well, it's an old recipe of Elsie's—you open a bottle of Prego…\" Lucy rolled her eyes at him, then suddenly got a bit serious. \"I went to the doctor today.\" Jack started. \"What? Why? What's wrong?\" He asked as he came around the table to crouch beside her and take her hand in his, the spaghetti forgotten. She shifted in her seat to face him. \"Well, it'd been a while, and you know how I've been feeling so tired and out of sorts these last few weeks, and besides, I was almost out of birth control pills so I made an appointment\" she said, almost apologetically, bowing her head a bit. \"And?\" Jack squeezed her hand. \"She said the reason I've been feeling weird is because I'm pregnant.\" Lucy nervously peeked at him between her downcast lids, just in time to see a smile replace the worry on his face. \"You're pregnant? We're gonna have a baby?\" he asked, softly, with a hint of wonder in his eyes. \"Yea,\" she replied, with a shy smile of her own. He leaned up and kissed her, so gently and tenderly and lovingly, that Lucy wanted to cry. When they pulled apart, she wasn't surprised to see tears in his eyes. She loved that about him; that he wasn't afraid to cry or let he see. It didn't happen very often, but often enough. They just looked at each other for a bit, until Jack broke the silence. \"Well, I guess that means this year that Celeste's spiked punch really is out of the question!\" They both dissolved into laughter. The next day, as Lucy was leaving her last class, she was surprised to see her husband's truck parked next to the building. Jack was slouched up against it, like that night last year when he'd given her a ride to Celeste's New Year's Eve party, thinking she was pregnant. He looked up as he heard her shoes crunching through the snow and smiled as he saw her. \"Hey,\" she said. \"Hey to you too\" he replied as he kissed her. \"What's going on? Why'd you come pick me up?\" \"What, a man can't decide that he wants the company of his lovely wife?\" She just looked at him, expectantly. \"Fine—I have something I want to show you at the shop. Hop in?\" He helped her into the cab and ran around to the driver's side. He got in and off they drove in quiet companionship to the shop. Once there, Jack took her past the front office and his actual workspace to a small room tucked in the back. She'd been to the shop plenty of times before, but she didn't remember this room. Right before they entered, Jack told her to close her eyes. She heard the door open and Jack guide her just inside the room. \"Ok, now open them.\" She opened her eyes to see a beautiful rocking chair, like the one she'd though Ox and Midge had given her and Peter last year, only much more intricately carved. \"Wait, is this for me?\" She looked at Jack, who was staring right back at her. \"Yea… After last year when you said you liked that one in the truck so much, I started making one just to kind of keep busy, keep my mind off the girl my brother was engaged to. Then, when we got engaged, I kept working on it, planning to give it to you as a wedding present, but I dunno, it just didn't seem right. So I kept working on it, adding little touches here and there…I'd planned on giving it to you next month for our anniversary, but when you told me we were gonna have a baby, I knew that's what it was for. It's for you—and our baby,\" he finished, with a sheepish grin. Lucy didn't know what to say. He'd made this beautiful chair just for her, even when he thought she was engaged to Peter and that she could never be his, that they'd only be good friends. Once again she was filled with love for this wonderful, caring man. He'd be a wonderful father-together, they'd be wonderful parents. She couldn't wait to sit in this lovely chair, holding their baby. What a change a year makes! \"I love it,\" she whispered as she leaned in and kissed him. \"We both do.\" The End So it's my first fic, and I know it's a bit stilted and Lucy and Jack are probably just a bit OOC, but I watched the movie last night and this popped into my head. So since there are absolutely no While You Were Sleeping fics, I decided to write it...hopefully others, better writers, will also write WWYS fics. :) ","Summary":" Movie: While You Were Sleeping Pairing: Lucy/Jack Disclaimer: I own nothing. Lucy smiled to herself"},{"Movie":"While You Were Sleeping","Title":"Three Months","Author":"ANGSWIN","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12984426","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This story was written for Spacecadet72 for the 2018 Night on Fic Mountain exchange. She asked for more \"between the proposal and wedding\" content. THREE MONTHS Jack: When did you start seeing Peter? Lucy: September 17th. Jack: Three months…that's quick. Lucy: You have no idea. ... Three months ago, Lucy had been stressed out, anxious, and guilt-ridden as she tried to keep up the pretense of planning to marry a man in a coma. At the same time, Jack, that man's brother, had been jealous of Peter for having something…or rather some one …whom he could not. Despite his envy, Jack could not believe that his brother had gotten engaged to anyone, not even a great girl like Lucy, after only three months. However, the ironic thing was not even that he had been right about that situation. No , the real irony was that only three months after that predicament, he was the one who was now engaged to that very same woman! Yes, their engagement had been quick…mainly because they had fallen fast and hard for each other (sometimes literally…like they had in the icy courtyard of her building) and they had taken action almost immediately once the truth had finally come out. However, now that they had decided that they would definitely be together forever…they realized that it was time to get to know each other better. They just did not realize how interesting that process was going to be. Lucy: I have a cat. I have an apartment. Sole possession of the remote control…that's very important. It's just, I never met anyone I could laugh with. ... \"So…what kind of movies do you like to watch? Something with explosions, right?\" Jack asked as he sat down on her couch and settled the tub of popcorn on his lap while Lucy retrieved some soft drinks from the fridge. One of the first things that they quickly realized about each other throughout their \"getting to know you\" process was that they both preferred spending quiet time alone together rather than going out to loud and busy places. Hence, the first movie night that they were about to spend at her place. Just as Jack reached for the remote and started to flip through the channels, Mel the cat hopped up next to him and stared at him while she purred intensely. Jack was normally a dog person, but he soon realized that Mel was both adorable and lovable…just like her owner. Therefore, he gave in and fed her a piece of popcorn out of his hand. She quickly crunched it up and then proceeded to lick the butter off of his fingers. Just then Lucy came into the room and smiled at the sweet scene. \"Stealing my cat and my remote?\" she asked as she stuck her bottom lip out mischievously and pretended to pout. She then quickly plucked the remote out Jack's hands while he was distracted by the thought of kissing those pretty pouty lips. \"No explosions!\" she then admonished lightheartedly as she waved the remote around teasingly. \"No bombs on buses, no futuristic police dramas, no computer espionage, no football, no space disasters…\"*** \"No fun!\" Jack muttered good-naturedly in response. When Lucy stuck her tongue out at him, Jack became distracted by her lovable silliness again. As they laughed, he suddenly decided that there was something else that he would much rather do than watch a movie and reached for her instead. When Lucy decided that she liked Jack's new idea better, as well, the previously contested remote soon ended up completely abandoned and was consequently lost between the couch cushions. Then Mel found the unattended popcorn bowl, and proceeded to help herself to all of the buttery salty goodness – especially since the humans were too busy with each other to even notice what she was doing. Jack: You don't know whether to hug her or just really arm wrestle her. ... Jack and Lucy found themselves in the exact same situation the next time that they attempted to have a quiet night in. This time it was game night, and they soon realized that they had very different ideas of the perfect game to play together. Clue was her choice, but his vote was for a few friendly hands of poker. \"I'll arm wrestle you for it!\" Lucy said suddenly with a gleam in her eyes. \"Don't you think that one of us might have an unfair advantage?\" Jack replied as he put on an exaggerated show of flexing his flannel shirt-clad muscles. \"Yeah…you're right…but I'll try to take it easy on you, anyway,\" she responded as they both struggled to keep a straight face during the increasingly absurd conversation. \"Alright, then,\" Jack agreed and he just could not stop the small grin that escaped as she turned away to pull him to her dining table. They sat down on opposites sides of the small table and assumed what they believed were the correct positions. After a bit of good-natured trash talk on both sides, they finally began in earnest. Jack had already determined that he would let Lucy win…eventually…but that she was going to have to work for it first! After only a couple of seconds, however, he felt her free hand running up the inside of his thigh. The pleasant sensation of this surprise strategic move caught him off guard so completely that he momentarily forgot what he was doing. Meanwhile, Lucy took advantage of his distraction and slammed his arm down onto the table with a triumphant grin. \"That was cheating!\" Jack pouted as he pretended to be upset. However, he could barely keep a straight face. How could he - especially when the love of his life was grinning so cheerfully at him because of her success? \"Alright, you win,\" he finally conceded. \"We'll play Clue.\" Lucy smiled at him victoriously and set up the game. She even graciously allowed Jack to go first. However, neither of them ended up solving the murder because Jack soon decided to distract her in much the same way that she had led him astray during their match. They agreed…much later…that they were both winners that night. Jack: Do you have an extra pair of pants in your apartment? Lucy: If you fit into my pants, I will kill myself. ... One night after a pleasant stroll and a casual dinner at her apartment, Jack and Lucy were telling each other stories about their childhood. Jack got a little too excited as he described a prank that he and Peter had played on Saul as children and he managed to spill an entire glass of wine in his own lap. After she practically collapsed from the force of her giggles at the sight of his embarrassment at the red stain spreading across his crotch, Lucy gave him a towel to clean up with and went in search of something for him to wear. She soon returned from her bedroom carrying a pair of sweatpants. After she handed them to him, Jack cracked a joke that she was \"just trying to get him out of his pants again.\" Then he realized exactly what they were as he held them up in disbelief. They were much bigger than he was, so there was no way that they belonged to him…or to his slim fiancée, either. When he looked at her questioningly, she just shrugged. \"They're Joe Jr's…but they do have a drawstring, so it should be okay.\" His eyes practically bugged out of his head when he heard the identity of the owner and Lucy could not help but to smirk when she realized what he was thinking. \"Um...why are Joe Jr's pants in your apartment?\" he asked hesitantly…even though he now knew, due to their earlier misunderstandings on the subject, that she was just friends with her landlord's son. \"Well,\" she answered with deadpan calm. \"He and I are having a torrid clothing-based affair, you know.\" Jack's mind cleared immediately at her outrageous statement. \"Oh, really?\" he asked, now clearly amused. \"Do I even want to know what kind of scandalous apparel-centered behavior my fiancée engages in with the other man?\" \"Well, sometimes we try on my shoes,\" she said truthfully with a grin. \"Mostly, though, we end up together in the basement laundry room at about the same time almost every week. The last particularly steamy laundry event occurred last night, in fact. Somehow in the process, a pair of his sweatpants, along with a sock, and strangely enough, a rather large pair of a lacy red panties…Don't ask!...got accidently mixed in with my load in the dryer.\" Jack gulped, both his earlier worry and merriment now completely forgotten in the face of this horrific new discovery. \"Um...lacy…red…panties?\" \"I told you not to ask!\" Lucy exclaimed, shaking with laughter at the look on Jack's face. She knew that he would never be able to look at Joe Jr. the same way again. Lucy: I've had a really lousy Christmas. You've just managed to kill my New Year's. If you come back on Easter, you can burn down my apartment. ... \"I didn't actually mean it, Jack. You do realize that, don't you?\" Lucy asked her fiancé with a mixture of exasperation and amusement as she surveyed the damage that the extinguisher had left all over what was supposed to be a romantic candlelight dinner to celebrate their three month anniversary. He could not believe that it had only been three months since he had first met the woman of his dreams, the one who was supposedly engaged to his brother, as she tried to sneak out of his parents' house early in the morning…all the while looking disheveled…and simply lovely…from spending the night on the couch. However, now that they were exactly where they were supposed to be – together – he wanted to mark the special occasion. Since they had already had plans to spend the next day with his family in order to celebrate Easter, this night was supposed to be just for the two of them. Therefore, he had cooked dinner. The blackened and smoky remains of said dinner were now covered in the contents of the big red canister, though. That was not supposed to be part of the plan! Lucy bit her lip as she shook her head at the mess, but then covered her mouth with the sleeve of one of the oversized sweaters that she liked to wear so that he would not see her smile. \"Mr. Wong's?\" she asked through the sleeve while her eyes continued to dance with merriment above it. \"Yes…Mr. Wong's,\" he agreed with a sigh as he ran his hand through his hair while he eyed the disgusting mess on the stove. As she tried to regain her composure, Lucy grabbed her phone and planned to take it into the living room so that she could place their usual order for delivery. However, her twinkling eyes met his when he finally looked up…and they both lost it right then and there. As their hearty laughter died down, he could not resist crossing over to give her kiss. Therefore, neither one of them noticed when Mel jumped up on the counter, eyed the unappetizing mess, and then stalked off in search of something that was actually edible while the silly humans were distracted with each other again . Lucy: Peter once asked me when it was that I fell in love with Jack…and I told him, \"It was while you were sleeping.\" ... The next morning, Jack made his fiancée breakfast in an effort to make up for the dinner disaster of the night before. He watched her for a moment as she fed Mel a piece of bacon and marveled at her sweet nature and casual beauty. She was lovely, even in an old flannel pajama shirt that had belonged to her father, and with her hair piled up haphazardly on her head in one of her usual easygoing styles. He knew then that he was the luckiest man in the world. \"Let's get married!\" he exclaimed suddenly as she sat back up and their eyes met over the rims of their coffee cups. \"I thought that we had already decided to do that,\" Lucy replied cheerfully and held up the hand on which she wore her engagement ring. She wriggled her fingers teasingly. \"No…I mean yes, we did…but we haven't set a date, yet. However, I don't want to wait any longer, so why don't we just run away to Vegas this weekend and…\" \"Jack,\" Lucy interrupted him gently. \"I hope you know that I love you…and I would marry you this minute…if I could. However, I just can't do that to your family – especially not after what happened with the last wedding…with Peter.\" Here she paused and blushed with embarrassment as they both remembered that disaster three months ago. Jack thought about how he had foolishly almost let her marry his own brother just so she would have a family of her own, a stamp in her passport, and the knowledge that she would never have to be alone again. Fortunately, they had both come to their senses in time. She had objected at her own ceremony...and he had followed suit. He then soon asked her to marry him instead. Jack lost himself in these thoughts and memories when he realized that he could not bring himself to be unhappy about the change of circumstances that had brought them to this point – Peter's coma, his and Lucy's accidental engagement, not even the failed wedding - especially since nobody else, not even Peter, held a grudge over it. In fact, because of it all, Peter was now closer to his family than he had been in years. Jack finally had his best friend and big brother back, and Peter had even demanded Best Man rights whenever Jack and Lucy's wedding happened. Lucy's next words, though, brought Jack out of his reverie. \"I agree that we should set a date. Let's just make sure that it is one that is not too far away. You're not the only one who doesn't want to wait.\" Jack quickly looked back up into her warm brown eyes and nodded his head in agreement. \"Three months!\" he answered decisively. \"If we have the wedding three months from yesterday…that will be six months from the day we met…the day that changed everything for me.\" \"Three months?\" Lucy whispered, secretly thrilled at his romantic reasoning. When he nodded again, she put down her cup and slid over to his side of the table and into his lap. \"That's so perfect!\" she exclaimed and she proceeded to show him just how much she loved the idea. Lucy: I guess you might say that Jack gave me the world. ... Jerry was happy to pull a few strings at the CTA for his favorite employee. Lucy had been working for him for many years, first in the booths and more recently as his administrative assistant. She had never let him down, and he liked her down-to-Earth fiance, too – especially since he knew all about the crazy situation that brought them together in the first place. Therefore, he was happy to do anything that he could to help both of them when they came to him and explained what they wanted to do for their wedding. Consequently, three months later, Lucy and Jack exchanged vows during a small and simple ceremony in the last car of the Orange Line train on the way to Midway airport. Peter and Mary stood with them in the swaying car as their Best Man and Maid of Honor while Saul watched proudly, Midge openly wept with joy, and even Ox sniffed a few times because of his \"allergies.\" A few of their other close friends observed the event from the remaining seats, as well. \"Come on, Idiot. Kiss her!\" Elsie called out at the end of the beautiful little ceremony…just as she had on the day when they stood, uncertain and embarrassed, under the mistletoe together until they had shared a shy little peck to appease the watching family. However, this time was different. This time they truly belonged to each other and, thus, their confident kisses lasted all the way to the airport. There they had arranged for a conference room to accommodate their small reception and the wedding pictures. After the festivities, however, Lucy and Jack changed clothes and hopped straight on their flight to Florence…where they both received stamps in their passports on their way to their own personal happily ever after. Author's Note: *** You might recognize these descriptions as some of the movies that Sandra Bullock starred in. ","Summary":" This story was written for Spacecadet72 for the 2018 Night on Fic Mountain exchange. She asked for "},{"Movie":"While You Were Sleeping","Title":"That's Not Romantic!","Author":"LovesBrooklyn","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12871758","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A one draft one shot. But I am now out of ideas for WYWS one shots so send me suggestions! Lucy slipped out of the hospital chapel quickly, as the Callahans erupted it into question about Peter's relationship with Ashley Bartlett Bacon. Jack watched her leave in a state of disbelief... and relief. He watched silently as his brother frantically tried to apologize to Ashley's husband. He was desperate for a moment of quiet and a deep breath of fresh air but stayed in case a fight broke out. The Bacon's parted ways eventually, after Peter has swore to Ashley's husband he wouldn't contact her again and Ashley proclaimed she would file for divorce immediately. As his mother approached the altar to help the nurse assist Peter back to his room, Jack slipped out the chapel door. Outside the hospital, the cold January air shocked his lungs. He squinted into the windy but saw no Lucy. 'Probably for the best, he thought as he re entered the hospital. He had no idea what he would say to her. Maybe something about feeling confused? Or something about being in love with her? But feeling guilty because he had betrayed his brother? Jack slowly wandered back to his brother's hospital room. Attempting to be as quiet as possible, he took the seat in the corner of the room. He rubbed one hand against his freshly shaven face as he loosened his tie with the other. His parents were still trying to get an explanation from Peter, who was still just stammering and shrugging. Mary and Saul were helping Elsie take a pill. Saul held the cup of water and Mary held the bottle of pills and camera. Jack watched them silently but was too wrapped up in his own thoughts. He felt silly now, thinking back to how carefully he had shaven and ironed his clothes this morning. He knew it was his last effort to impress Lucy, to convince her she was making a mistake. He felt even sillier now, sitting silently in this crowded room, unable to process a single coherent thought. Finally, the red headed nurse managed to come in and herd the family out. She insisted that it had been a long afternoon for Peter, that they needed to ensure the stress wasn't affecting him negatively. Jack wondered if it was true or if the nurse just felt sorry for Peter. Jack assumed she just hadn't noticed him, sitting there so quietly. When she returned and assessed Peter, she winked at Jack while leaving. Jack smiled at her nervously. He approached Peter's bed slowly. \"You okay?\" he asked his brother. Peter sighed. \"Are you going yell at me and demand answers like everyone else today?\" \"No,\" Jack answered honestly. \"Because I'm the one who should be demanding answers from you!\" Peter said, pointing his finger at his brother. Jack knew Peter was mad and that he had every right to be. But Jack...Jack just felt happy. He was happy that his brother wasn't married to Lucy and that Lucy loved him. He just needed to explain this to be Peter. \"I know, you're right, Peter. Let me just tell you what happened first, okay?\" Peter sighed but didn't argue and Jack pulled up a chair. He started from the beginning, discovering Lucy sleeping on his parent's couch after the Christmas celebration. He told him about Joe Jr, and donating blood, and accusing Lucy of lying, and discovering Peter's single testicle, and the loveseat, and ruining Peter's carpet, and the pregnancy miscommunication, and Mary's creamy mashed potatoes, and giving Lucy the snow globe and… \"And that brings us to this afternoon,\" Jack trailed off. \"If you love Lucy, why did you just let her leave the hospital today,\" Peter demanded. Jack blinked, surprised at the question. \"I- I had to make sure you were okay. I- I had to explain everything to you You're my brother.\" Peter groaned. \"I'm not a complete asshole, you know? You think I don't care how Lucy is feeling? She must feel terrible. This morning, she had a family and finance and a future. Now what? She's… I have no idea. I don't know anything about the girl but I assume she's feeling terrible! And I bet she'd be feeling a whole lot less terrible if you were having this conversation with her and not me!\" Jack couldn't help but smile. His brother was right and he wasn't being a complete asshole for once. \"So what are you going to do?\" Jack asked his brother. \"Me?\" Peter asked. He waved his hand. \"I'm fine. That job, that apartment? This smile? I could get any girl in Chicago. Well...any girl that isn't in love with my brother, I guess.\" Jack chuckled. \"What are you going to do,\" Peter asked, poking Jack in the chest. \"I… I don't know,\" Jack answered honestly. Peter rolled his eyes. \"I don't know, Jack. It sounds to me like you know how you feel and you know what you want.\" Jack only smiled in response and gave his brother an awkward hug. Jack left shortly after, once the nurse had brought Peter dinner and he knew his brother was settled in for the night. Jack drove his box truck to the suburbs slowly. He parked outside the family home and took his time unbuckling his seat belt. Peter was right; Jack knew how he felt and what he wanted. But first he had to make sure his family was okay after the day's events. Jack finally gathered the courage to knock on the door of the house and his little sister answered. She started asking him questions a mile a minute. \"Did you and Peter fight? Did you talk to Lucy? Did Peter say anything about Ashley?\" But he just ruffled her hair in response. He noticed Saul and Elsie sitting in the living room and greeted them. They greeted him normally and he decided they were unbothered by the day's events. Jack paused when he noticed his parents sitting side by side at the dining room table. His mother looked like she'd been crying. He slowly sat down across from them. \"I just have one question,\" Midge said, her eyes red and puffy and her voice shaky. \"Are you in love with Lucy?\" Jack nodded. \"Yes, of course.\" Midge nodded and slowly smiled. Jack's father seemed to breathe a sigh of relief. \"I talked about it with Peter and he-\" Jack begin. Midge waved his comment away. \"We're worried about Lucy. We know she's all alone.\" \"I'm… I'm going to go to her apartment next,\" Jack insisted. \"I'll make sure she's okay.\" \"That's not romantic!\" Elsie insisted loudly from the living room. \"Romantic?\" Jack asked, confused. When he turned back to his parents, his mother was extending her hand to him and he saw a tiny gold ring in her palm. \"It's the ring your father proposed to me with. And now we want you to have you,\" she explained. He opened and closed his mouth, unable to find the words. He reached his hand out for it slowly. He inspected it thoughtfully before clearing his throat and saying, \"Tomorrow morning… it's her last day at the El. We'll all go together and I'll ask her to be part of the family.\" His family erupted in glee and began hugging each other. Mary started saying how excited she was to have a sister, his mother and father raved at how happy they were that they weren't going to lose Lucy, and Saul breathed a sigh of relief that he hadn't managed to screw everything up after all. Jack silently turned the ring over in his palm and smiled nervously. He sure hoped she'd say yes. ","Summary":" A one draft one shot. But I am now out of ideas for WYWS one shots so send me suggestions! Lucy sli"},{"Movie":"While You Were Sleeping","Title":"I'm Not His Fiancé!","Author":"LovesBrooklyn","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12877496","Passage":"[Chapter 1] One draft! Thank you, DetectiveOfTheOpera, for the suggestion! I am totally willing to expand this from a one shot to a multi chapter situation, if anyone is interested! Please review! Thank you! \"Oh, I was gonna marry him,\" Lucy whispered wistfully as she watched the dark haired man being wheeled away. Finally, her adrenaline was fading. She was still in shock, of course. She couldn't believe the dark haired handsome man had said Merry Christmas to her, that she had stammered in response, that she had watched him be pushed onto the train tracks and that she had jumped onto the trucks and somehow rolled them both off together. She kept running through these events in her mind, faster and faster, but she couldn't make sense of any of it. She stumbled into an open seat in the waiting room and buried her face in her hands. She was so exhausted and oddly emotional. She knew her silly crush on the man was just a funny little daydream she had to pass the time at the L but she was shaken because she had jumped onto the track! She did that! She knew was still in a state of shock but she was proud of herself! She took a deep breath and settled in, assuming that eventually the police officer or a nurse would come find her for questions. As she began chewing on her finger nails, a young red headed nurse approached her, smiling softly. Lucy stood and let the woman put her arm around her and led her to the ICU unit. Lucy chewed on her bottom lip as her eyes darted around. She hadn't been in an ICU unit since her father had died. Lucy sat down next to the handsome dark haired man quietly. \"Let him hear your voice, hon,\" the kind nurse instructed and Lucy nodded. The nurse walked away and Lucy whispered, \"Hi… everything's gonna be okay. I know it.\" A police officer entered the room then, telling her he needs to ask her a few questions. She agrees meekly. A doctor interrupted the police officer and introduced himself to her. \"I'm Lucy,\" she murmured, already forgetting his name. Lucy heard a commotion down the hall of the ICU and looked over to see a crowd of people, four older people and a young girl, talking over each other and entering the room. She cringed and silently retreated to the back of the room, as she quickly realized this was the handsome man's family. One of the men demanded to know what happened and the doctor explained that he was in a coma. One of the women was very emotional. Lucy watched silently and wide eyed from the back. \"How did this happen,\" the emotional woman asked. \"Um, he was pushed from the platform at the train station,\" Lucy began to explain. \"Who is she?\" the man taller, bald man asked. \"She's his fiance,\" the kind, smiling red headed nurse answered. \"His fiance?\" \"Peter's fiance?\" \"Peter's engaged?\" Peter's family asked over each other. \"Yes,\" the nurse answered. \"No, no, you don't understand,\" Lucy began but the rest of the room continued to talk over each other. \"I mean, he would have told us right?\" \"Maybe he was busy.\" \"Too busy to tell his own mother he's getting married?\" \"Don't yell at him!\" \"I'm not yelling at him!\" \"If only Jack were here!\" Lucy buried her face in her hands for a brief moment and then cleared her throat loudly. The family continued speaking over each other, so Lucy cleared her throat once more and raised her voice slightly saying, \"Excuse me!\" She immediately felt guilty for raising her voice in a room with a man in a coma but it worked; the family, the doctor, the nurse, and the police officer fell silent and looked at her. Lucy swallowed but felt brave. She took a deep breath and reminded herself that she was a grown woman. She had a job and an apartment and a cat. She jumped onto the tracks and saved a man from a train an hour ago! That makes her the type of woman that decides what happens to her. She knew this family was in a state of trauma but they deserved to know the truth. She refused to stand there meekly and let the situation unravel. She would take control, just like she did on the train tracks. \"I'm not his fiance,\" Lucy clarified. \"I just...know him...Peter, right?\" Lucy asked, turning toward the nurse. Everyone in the room nodded. \"I know Peter because I work at the L. I see him every morning. This morning, he passed me and said Merry Christmas and a moment later I saw him pushed onto the tracks. But I'm not… I'm not his fiance. I just-\" She was interrupted then, by another doctor coming in and asking the first doctor, \"Excuse me, Doctor, was is she doing here?\" \"Hey, buddy she saved his life!\" The police officer answered. \"You saved his life?\" Peter's mother asked. \"Yeah, yeah, but…\" Lucy began. \"I thought he was pushed off a train platform?\" \"She jumped on the tracks,\" the police officer answered. \"You jumped on the tracks?\" \"Doctor, it's supposed to be family only,\" the younger doctor argued. \"She is family,\" Peter's father said, pressing the back of his hand to the doctor's chest and pushing him out of the way. Lucy's jaw hung open in shock. \"She saved him,\" the first doctor hissed. \"We're so grateful you saved him,\" Peter's mother said, approaching Lucy. \"You seem like such a nice girl...and so brave. I'm so grateful you saved him.\" Her face contorted and she began sobbing, throwing her arms around Lucy. Lucy was surprised but hugged the woman in return. Peter's younger sister joined the hug and Lucy embraced both of them. A moment later, after the entire family had hugged Lucy, introduced themselves, and thanked her for saving Peter, the police officer once again approached her and said he still had to ask her a few questions. Lucy walked out of the room with the police officer and nurse. \"I am sorry I said you were his fiance,\" the nurse said, looking slightly embarrassed and confused. \"I thought I heard you say-\" \"Oh, I was just… talking to myself,\" Lucy said, also slightly embarrassed. \"I was… still in a bit of shock. To be honest, I don't remember what I said.\" The nurse nodded, understanding. \"I am glad we got that sorted out,\" she said and Lucy agreed. After Lucy sat in a break room with the police officer and recounted the incident and answered all his questions the best she could, the nurse appeared to walk her back to the room. \"The family is asking for you,\" the nurse explained. Before they entered the room, she whispered, \"My shift ends at 10, if you come back before then, just ask for me at the security counter and I can let you into the room. If you wanted a little bit of quiet time with your friend…\" \"Thank you, thank you,\" Lucy whispered earnestly. Saul was leaving the room then (Lucy was surprised she remembered his name) and began asking the nurse about nitroglycerin for Elsie's heart problems. \"You know something, I think you saved her life. In fact, I think you saved the whole family. Bless you,\" Saul said, raising a head to touch her cheek. \"How's that,\" Lucy asked, slightly confused. \"You saved Peter. You couldn't have chosen a better man to save. The Callaghan's… well, you're not going to be able to get rid of them easily, Lucy. Ox meant when he said you're family now.\" He smirked. \"Midge is already talking about inviting you over for New Years.\" With a chuckle, he took off, following the nurse toward the pharmacy. Lucy couldn't help but smile to herself. She didn't want to get her hopes up but… it was hard not to. Two hours ago, she was sitting alone in the L ticket booth and feeling like the only person in Chicago without a family. But now… it seemed like there was a group of loud but loving people who wanted her around, at least for New Years, and that felt really good. ","Summary":" One draft! Thank you, DetectiveOfTheOpera, for the suggestion! I am totally willing to expand this "},{"Movie":"While You Were Sleeping","Title":"A Storm Hits Chicago","Author":"LovesBrooklyn","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12319776","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: This is a one draft, one shot. Thank you in advance for reading. Lucy had read about the storm in the paper. The Sun Times was making all kind of predictions about wind gusts and inches of rain but, as Lucy had drifted to sleep to the 11 o'clock news, the weatherman had said the storm would likely hit north of Chicago and may miss the city all together. She woke up to a loud bang of thunder and a large tree branch pounding rhythmically in the wind against her window. She sat up right and tried to calm her breathing, looking around in shock. The courtyard outside her second story window was lit by the streetlights but she couldn't see throughs the heavy rain beating against her window. 'So much for missing Chicago,' she thought. She rubbed her eyes and cursed herself for falling asleep in her work clothes. Her new job at the library required much more professional attire than her old job at the EL and she had spent her first two paychecks almost exclusively on long skirts, silk blouses, and tiny cardigans. She liked the job. Sure, she still spent plenty of time in an uncomfortable chair but at least there were people to chat with and down time she could fill reading whatever she pleased. She was off the next day but a glance at the clock above the microwave confirmed her suspicions; 3:15am was far too early to be awake. She pulled her self off the couch slowly and crossed the apartment into her closet. She reemerged into the living room a few minutes later in fraying gray sweats and a navy sweatshirt Jack had left at her apartment last weekend. She pressed the neckline to her nose and breathed deeply, smiling to herself. He must have worn the sweatshirt at his workshop, as it smelled strongly of wood and vaguely of sweat. She pulled the blanket off the couch and wrapped it around her shoulders tightly. She assured herself she'd curl into bed and fall asleep quickly but, as her head hit the pillow, another roar of thunder filled her apartment and she gasped as lightening followed it. She threw the comforter over her head and tried to block out the noise of the downpour and occasional thunder outside. She let her mind wander to safer places. She hadn't talked to Jack since early the previous morning, before she went to the library. He had told her he'd call the next afternoon, when he finished a big order. The Allens had ordered a matching kitchen, dinning, and bedroom set for their only daughter, who was getting married next month. It was his biggest order to date, he had told her three times. He spent weeks sketching and resketching and she had watched him happily from across her kitchen table, as she combed through job openings in the Sun Times. He had spent the last five or so days in overdrive, desperate to finish the order to the highest quality possible. She had stopped by the workshop a few days ago but it wasn't an easy commute for her on the EL and she had been busy working at the library since. She wondered when he would finish tomorrow, what time she could expect his call. She knew she needed groceries and shouldn't sit around all day waiting but it sure was tempting… Another roar of thunder shivered her to the bone and she tried to bury her head deeper in her pillow. She peaked out from under the comforter and saw the clock on her nightstand now read 3:40. Had she only been enduring this storm for 25 minutes? It felt like a lifetime. She was sure she'd never fall asleep now. Faintly, she heard the sound of knocking on her door. She threw the comforter off her and perked up, listening intently. 'Who would be at my door in the middle of this storm at this hour?' she asked herself. Joe. Fusco. Jr. Was the only logical answer. Surely he was looking for a shoulder to cry on and someone to make him a cup of hot chocolate. She rolled her eyes and climbed out of bed. The knocking got a bit louder as she approached the door. She sighed loudly. \"I'm an engaged woman, Joe Jr,\" she said loudly as she unlocked the door and threw it open dramatically. But leaning against her doorframe, hair and flannel soaking wet, was Jack Callaghan. \"I am well aware,\" he replied softly, taking her hand with her engagement ring off the doorframe and kissing it lightly. She giggled happily. \"What are you doing here,\" she asked, a smile dancing on her lips. He shuddered dramatically. \"This storm had me really scared,\" he said, eyes wide in mock fear. She laughed again and stepped back to let him into the apartment. As she closed and locked the door behind them, he peeled off his wet jacket and hung it over a kitchen chair. \"Well, it had me scared,\" she said softly, staring out at the rain still pounding against the window. He wrapped an arm around her waist and pulled her against him. \"That's why I'm here,\" he whispered, pressing a kiss to the top of her head. She noticed then he was still in his work jeans and boots. \"Have you…have you been home,\" she asked. \"No,\" he said, sitting on the couch and unlacing his boots. \"I realized sometime around noon that you have tomorrow off and I wanted to spend the day with you. So, I worked through lunch and dinner…and I finished the Allen's order. The storm was starting up just as I finished so I decided to drive her and check on you.\" She smiles and flopped next to him on the couch with a happy sigh. \"You sure are a nice guy, Jack Callahan.\" He pulled her closer with one arm and kissed the top of her head once again. \"Sure am a lucky guy too.\" They stayed on the couch catching up and Lucy hardly noticed the storm outside. She told Jack about her day at the library and he showed her Polaroids of the furniture he had made the Allen girl. The last moment Lucy remembered before she faded to sleep is telling Jack she sure would like a dinning table like that... She woke up the next morning curled in her bed next to a quietly snoring Jack. The courtyard of the apartment complex was flooded but the sky was blue and they had the whole day ahead of them. ","Summary":" AN: This is a one draft, one shot. Thank you in advance for reading. Lucy had read about the storm "},{"Movie":"While You Were Sleeping","Title":"Nine Nights Of Christmas","Author":"Seldarius","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9804799","Passage":"[Chapter 1] December 26th The old bed squeaked apologetically under his weight, as Jack crawled under the duvet. He could feel every single one of his aching muscles. The last two days had been occupied by a cold, umcomfortable trip upstate including a bare motelroom, hideously overpriced because it was Christmas. He probably could have said \"no\", but the money was too good to pass it up. His christmas day hadn't been improved by the rushed call he had gotten from his hysteric mother. Jack sighed and shifted under the covers in a doomed attempt to get comfortable. It must have been 15 years since he had fitted properly into this bed frame and every time he was back in his family home and woke with his feet asleep he promised himself he would redo his old room. But he never did. Jack could feel the heavy blanket of sleep crawl over him. It had been a long day but his mind was still too busy to give in to the lurking unconciousness just yet. Peters unmoving face had been scarily pale against the sheet this evening. The doctor, a young guy with glasses that didnt fit him, had explained between yawns that he was sure to come out of it as there was no major injurys to his brain. But then again, nobody could really tell. Jack rolled to his side and wrapped the covers tighter around himself. His thoughts drifted to the woman downstairs, lying on his moms sofa like she had always been there. Who was she? He wasn't as close to his brother as he used to. Mainly because they were both busy guys, partly, because deep inside Jack couldn't help but think that Peter had turned into a bit of a douche. But he knew him well enough to understand that Peter wouldn't have gotten engaged to someone without telling him. And certainly not to someone that Mary would call \"great\". He remembered bumping into him and his newest flame, a blonde lawyer called Ashley, just a few months ago and it had taken him less than the polite two minutes small talk, she convinced herself to grace him with, to work out that he would never call this woman anything near \"great\" or even likable. He couldn't help but feel intrigued by the Brunette that now seemed to have conquered his brothers heart. He hadn't seen her face yet, but tomorrow he would find out just who she was. Even if he had to camp out on the stairs all morning like he used to when he was a teenager, so he wouldn't miss who came and went. And he would figure out what was going on here. His mind still filled with the imagine of her sleeping frame, he driftet off. December 27th The tree infront of his window drew familiar dancing shadows on the roof of his bedroom. Jacks limbs slowly defrostet under the heat of the sheets. What a day! What a night! It was still hard to believe that all of those events had been able to fit into the same day. He had met Lucy this morning and while she seemed a little nervous, he instantly understood why his family had taken to her so quickly. She was pretty and cute and normal. So not Peters type. More his own and that thought was a little unsettling. He had let his suspicion run away with him and the events in retrospect were more than cringeworthy. His left eye still felt a little sore from when he tried to sneak up on her in Peters apartment and she had greeted him with a door to the face. After that he had tried the whole 20 question thing and his ego had suffered a little from finding out that she really was Peters fiancee after all. Oh God, had he made a fool of himself. Joe bloody Fasco, for sure a guy this woman would date – not. Jack rubbed his hand over his face in an effort to wipe the embarrasing memories away. And the grin he couldn't seem to get rid of as well. Alright, she wasn't lying and he was pretty sure she wasn't cheating either. He had had a bit of a stern talking from his mother when they arrived home even though it hadn't been nessecary. He was sometimes an idiot but Jack had never been someone to not see the flaws of his actions. So he had offered to bring Oxes engangement present over to Lucys. With no idea what would result out of that. And oh God... Jack grabbed a pillow and pressed it over his heated face. He couldn't help the little stars dancing in his stomach. His offer to walk her home had been mostly out of common decency. You didn't let a woman walk home alone, especially after you got her ride parked in. But admittedly, he also wanted to get to know her. She was still a mystery to Jack then. Now she wasn't anymore. She was nice and funny and had the most beautiful eyes he had ever seen and oh, was so warm when he held her. Completely innocent he assured himself, only trying to not slip on the icy patch infront of her appartement block. But no matter how innocent it was, he couldn't stop thinking about her warm weight in his arms. The little golden stars in his belly danced. Yes, she was his brothers fiancee, but tonight he didn't have to think about that. Tonight it was just him and her and the snow. December 28th The bedframe creaked and Jack swore under his breath. Why did he never think of getting himself a new bed in his parents house when he could actually do it? He made a living of furniture for god's sake. Why was he here anyway? Family really could kill you, no matter if they embarrased you at the dinner table or forced you to kiss a girl you really didn't want to kiss infront of everybody under the mistletoe. He could still feel her lips burning on his. It had been so awkward and wrong and at the same time breathtaking. He could smell her perfum, when he had leaned in and the memories of last night had come flooding back. Only now they were tainted with regret. He couldn't ignore any longer what was happening and he couldn't ignore the fact that this, whatever it was, could not be. He had gone and seen Peter today, spent a little time with him, talked about everything and nothing to his unmoving face. And before he could stop himself, the words had slipped out. \"I envy you.\" For the first time in his life he actually longed for something that he could not have. Something that was Peters. And for a moment here in the darkness he allowed himself to wish that he was a less nice man, that he would take what wasn't his and run away with it. But he wouldn't let himself do it and he didn't think Lucy would either. No matter what she found about his brother she had agreed to marry him. But the way she had glanced at him over the dinner, there was something there – a sparkle, a connection. Maybe...\"stop\", Jack whispered under his breath, \"just stop and go to sleep, this is not getting you anywhere.\" It took a long time that night till he managed to follow his advice and drift into unconciousness. January 1st Jack stretched his long frame, thankful to be lying in his own bed, and tried to sort his racing thoughts. Somehow he had managed to screw it up majorly tonight. Lucy was angry with him and rightfully so. What had he been thinking? Fact was, he was so, so angry and hurt and confused. Mary anouncing Lucys pregnancy had felt like a punch to the gut and when he tried to confront her he had found her in Joe's arms embracing him tightly. And even though she still was Peters fiancee it had been unbearable. The rest of the night had been a blur of pain and confusion, he had angered her, smoothed things over and oh God, he had nearly lost his head and kissed her right there in the snow. Jack wasn't sure if he should be thankful or angr, that Joe had prevented that. She had been so close, it felt so intimate and he had looked in her eyes, looked at those lips and nearly done what he promised himself not to ever, ever do. In fact he had decided a few days ago when he had woken up lost and confused that he better kept his distance altogethe, at least for a while till his stomach wouldn't do a flip anymore, everytime he heared her name. And it had worked for a whole two and a half days. She hadn't noticed what nearly happened, at least he didn't think so, because before he knew it they were fighting about how she wasn't good enough for his brother. Why, oh why couldn't he have kept his mouth shut? No, he had to point out that she wasn't Peters type, his inside had burned with the desire to tell her the truth. That Peter wasn't good enough for her! That he, if she gave him the slightest chance would try all his life to be the man she deserved. But he had chickened out, he had watched her face fall and couldn't bring himself to say the words. Because if he said them, they were out in the world and he wasn't sure if he could live with being rejected by Lucy. He couldn't bear the idea of her marrying his brother knowing how he felt and pitying him, he decided. No matter how angry she was with him, he would just have to keep his distance. Just then the phone rang. Still January 1st When Jacks head hit the pillow the second time this night, it was still spinning. Peter was awake! He wasn't sure how he felt about that. It was great – of sorts. But the pain in his chest also told him that that was the end of his time with Lucy. She had called him a good friend. It had been the right time to give her and Peter his blessing, but it had cost him all his strength to drive away before he had burst into tears. Here now in the dark he let them run freely. Guilt crept under his skin and let him shiver. His brother was awake, he should be happy and thankful, but all he could think of was how this was the end. \"What? Did you want him to not wake up, just so you could have his girl?\" The thought cut coldly through his mind and shook him awake. No matter how much of an idiot he sometimes was, Jack loved his brother dearly. It was scary that he could even think such thoughts, but here they were. He sat up on the edge of his bed and ran his fingers through his hair. He was grateful, that Peter was awake and mostly alright even though he seemed to suffer of amnesia. How terrible it must be for Lucy to see her fiance not remembering her. She wanted him to be a good friend, so he would be the best friend he could be. And there was something else gnawing on his mind. Maybe it was time to tackle his own life instead of envying his brothers. He got up and wiped the tears of his face– he had alot to think about. January 2nd He fell into bed with the heaviness of a sleepless night behind him. But sleep still didn't come easily. Every muscle in his body hurt from the tension that had built over the last week and the anger he felt at how unfair life could be, wouldn't allow him to settle. The morning had started so good, the long overdue conversation with his Pa had liftet a weight off his shoulders. But all his intentions on staying positive had evaporated there infront of the hospital lift. Peter had no idea how lucky he was and Jack had to finally walk away to not punch him while he was still sitting in a wheelchair. Instead he now punched the pillow on the empty side of his bed. Why, why had Lucy chosen his brother instead of him? He would never understand it and it killed him. If Peter was less of a shallow prick then maybe he could wrap his head around it and let go. Wish them happiness and maybe someday get over it. How he wished he could just let go. Jack rolled on his back and starred at the ceiling, where the familiar shadows danced. He was unfair – unfair to his brother and unfair to Lucy. The raging jealousy ate away on him, there was nothing he could do about it. But they had chosen each other and no matter what he felt, he had to respect that. Jack tried a deep breath. Lucy would marry Peter and that was that. He might as well get some sleep. January 5th Screaming woke him and a pounding headache. It took a moment to realise that the first came from the TV still blaring through the night till he found the off switch. Silence settled in allowing him to recall that the other had probably to do with the sufficiently empty Wisky bottle on his coffee table. Jack knew, that he should be going to bed but his body denied that request for the moment. His arms felt like lead. But that wasn't the worst nor was it repeated hammering in his head. The worst was the heavy weight on his chest, taking his breath away. The pain was so intense that he felt like he was standing there on the stairs again hearing her ask the one question he dreaded more than anything. And again, he had been a coward even though it had been the hardest thing he had done in his life. She knew. She had to. And he had said nothing. Nothing but the one thing he was sure of: He couldn't get into his brothers way. After that he had left, had walked, with hot tears in his eyes till he didn't know where he was anymore and then some more. He didn't care. How he had found home? He couldn't tell nor where he left his truck. It didn't matter. All that did was the hot pain in his chest that he had poured alcohol on so it burned some more. There was nothing else he could think about, nothing else he could feel. It hurt and there was simply nothing he could do. Jack squeezed his eyes shut and forced himself back to sleep. January 6th Tomorrow. Jack had refused to stay with his family tonight. He couldn't bear the buzz there, the joy and the excitement about the upcoming wedding. The picking of dresses and ironing of shirts, the discussing of hair and food for the big day. It made him feel naseus. Jack rolled onto his side on the blanket. He hadn't bothered to take his clothes off, he might as well accept that he wouldn't sleep tonight. Or ever again. Of course that was ridiculous but at the moment he felt he might never be able to shut his eyes again without seing her face. The hot lava in his chest had turned into a numb flame, that only flared up when he was thinking too much about it. Not that he was doing much else. From his cabinetdoor the brown jacket stared at him accusingly. He had chosen the ugliest outfit he could get away with while avoiding a speech from his mother. Maybe he should've chosen something black. He sure felt like black. He turned his back to his wedding outfit pointedly and stared out the window at the naked tree painted darkly against the night sky. Peter had asked him to be his best man today and of course he had said yes. He was his brother after all and under any other circumstance his heart would have burst with pride about standing beside him on his big day. Under the circumstance that he wasn't in love with the bride, that was. Yes, he was in love with Lucy, there was no denying it. Unshed tears burned in his eyes but he blinked them away. The idea of standing beside Peter, looking at Lucy when she said \"I do\"... Could he fake sickness tomorrow? Maybe just unplug the phone and lock the door and not come out again till they were safely away in Italy. But what then? They wouldn't stay on their honeymoon forever, someday he would have to deal with Lucy being Peters wife. At the thought of seing them together at every family function his stomach turned. And someday they would have kids, buy a house together. And he would have to be there, be \"Uncle Jack\" and love them all. A lifetime of watching Lucy in love with his brother. A lifetime of pain before him. How could he ever, ever learn to deal with that? \"Maybe she is not in love with him\" a little voice whispered in his head. It shocked him. Of course he had his suspicions, she did look at him this way... But why should she marry Peter if she loved him? He played through the scene on the stairs again just after he had given her the snowglobe. Florence, where she now would go with Peter. Jack sat up in bed and rubbed his aching neck. She hadn't asked him if he loved her, she had asked if he knew any reason to not marry. Speak now or forever hold your peace. And he had held his tongue, only there was no peace in it. Maybe tomorrow he would say it. Starring into the darkness he dreamed about it, how he would finally find his courage and say it right there infront of everybody like in an old movie. But he knew he wouldn't, there were too much at stake, he was too much of a good guy and tonight that broke his heart. January 8th The familiar creaking of the bed, as he sat down seemed oddly comforting tonight in his quiet house. Jack stared at the old shelf holding his toy car collection and tried to make sense of the conflicted feelings in his chest. The biggest of them was relief. When she walked down the aisle he had needed to remind himself of breathing. He was sure he had felt his heart crack and the pain had taken his breath away. The anger he felt for his brother right then had swallowed any sibling love and it had scared the shit out of him. And then she looked into his eyes and for a moment it felt like she was searching him out, trying to find an anchor and he had smiled. It had taken all his strenght but he had mustered an encouraging smile. He had been unable to break the eye contact after that, almost as if Peter didn't matter, standing between them oblivous to what was happening. He realised then, that he could bear it – somehow, if he just kept breathing and looking at her. Ignore his brother, imagine that it was him she said yes to today. He could deal with the fallout later he just needed to get through this wedding somehow. And the ceremony began and then his heart had stopped midbeat. Adrenalin had flooded his veins and before he knew it the words had been out. He objected. If she hadn't known before, she knew now. Somehow deep inside he had known that she loved him back. What he hadn't expected was what came after... He nearly missed the quiet knock at the door. Once, twice, three times. \"Come in, kiddo\" he said, just loud enough for Mary to hear. His sister snuck into the room, already in her nighty and sat down beside him, before he could invite her to. \"You alright?\", she asked quietly, wrapping her arm around Jacks back. He looked at her and thought about that. \"No, no I'm not\", he smiled vaguely. She stared at her bare feet stretched out infront of her. \"You are in love with her though.\" It wasn't a question. Jack chewed on his lip, the flintstone clock in the corner ticked the seconds away. \"I guess I am.\" He couldn't stop that silly smile from spreading over his face. And she was in love with him. She had confessed it infront of everybody and as much as he knew it would hurt his brother he couldn't have stopped himself from stupidly grinning if his life depended on it. \"Well, then why don't you tell her?\" Jack thought about that. He sighed. There were so many reasons he couldn't explain. He finally settled for: \"It's not that easy, Kiddo\". Mary shrugged. Sometimes he wished he was still a teenager and thought of love as something magical that you just had to go after. But Lucys betrayal wasn't that easy to forgive. She had lied to him, she had sent him through hell letting him believe that she was in love with Peter. Surely she had known, had to have seen his longing and his pain and she hadn't released him. Nevertheless her words had touched him so deeply that he felt the tears pushing into his eyes just thinking about them. She had told him, hadn't she? She had said, that she was all alone in the world, that she hadn't even Peter. He hadn't understood it then, but he did now. She had accused him of thinking that she wasn't good enough for Peter but really she had wanted to know if he felt it too. Unconciously Jack rubbed his neck. His forgotten sister watched him closely. \"Is it because of Peter? He'll get over it\", she offered. Yeah he would, wouldn't he? Maybe he would even get married to Ashley the bacongirl. He still couldn't understand how he could've proposed to Lucy without knowing her, without feeling her. The relief that she didn't get married was still overwhelming and Jack could feel the stars sparkling quietly in his stomach if he paid them any attention. But right now he needed to hold on to his anger and his disappointment for a while longer. After Lucy had left the chapel all hell had broken lose till Saul had finally managed to quiet them down and tell his story. It had been the first time Jack had ever seen his father yell at his best friend. His mother, at that stage, had been close to tears and Peter had been taken back to his hospitalbed, wanting to speak to nobody. Lucy had broken things in her wake and he wasn't quite sure yet how much of it he could actually blame on her alone and what could be mended. And just how long he would be able to stay away from her. \"Jack?\" \"Huh?\" \"Nothing.\" He didn't miss the knowing smile on his sisters lips and cringed. It was that easy to see through him then. She got up and soothingly rubbed his shoulder as she left. \"Goodnight, buddy. Stop overthinking it.\" The door clicked shut before he could answer. After a second of thought Jack dragged his boots out under the bed and pulled them over his freezing feet. He needed to walk. All day he had longed to be alone but now it just felt suffocating. He needed some fresh air, needed to think. As he jumped down the stairs two steps at a time he knew that no matter where he went he would magically end up at a familiar appartement block. But he wouldn't knock. There was still too much to figure out. January 12th He couldn't sleep. It felt like he hadn't been sleeping in years but no matter how tired he was, he just couldn't manage to close his eyes. Jack tried to convince himself, that it was the unfamiliar mattress under his back or the cat that purred a concert on his feet. But it wasn't that. It was her breathing that kept him awake. Slow, relaxed, happy breathes going in and out of her lungs and an occacional snore, when she turned. Her warmth sept through the sheets, even where they weren't touching. And while he was lying in the darkness that somehow seemed to sparkle and smelled her hair on his pillow, he wasn't sure if he would ever sleep again. He was scared he would wake up at home in his own bed and find that it all had been a cruel dream. It was still too unreal to wrap his head around. In the end it had been his mother, who gave him the final push. \"You do know we love her?\" she had asked him one morning when he helped her wash the breakfast dishes. He'd nearly dropped a plate at that. \"Peter...\", he'd tried. She cut him off. \"Peter is a big boy and sometimes a bit of a douche\". Jack had stared, his mouth agape at his mothers open words. \"And he will get over it in time, it was just his ego that was hurt\", she had finished, hanging up the wet dish towel and then she'd walked into the living room. While he was still standing in the kitchen, staring at nothing and trying to figure out what to do with those words, she had stuck her head through the doorway again and said: \"Oh by the way, I found your fathers engagement ring this morning cleaning my drawers. I thought you might want to know.\" And that had been that. There in the middle of the Callaghan breakfast chaos he had known that he would propose to a woman that he hardly knew three weeks and who had dumped his brother at the altar. Just like that. Lucy turned in her sleep and murmured something he didn't understand. Surely it was bad manners, to listen into someones dreams, like overhearing a conversation. But Jacks curiousity took over. He leaned over her, smelled her skin, revelling for a moment in the thought that he was now allowed to do this, allowed to love her. Again, she mumbled something and he moved even closer, till he could hear the words: \"Jack, go to sleep\". She turned and wrapped her arms around him. He grinned into the dark running his fingers through his hair in amused embarrasement. Maybe he really should, he was pretty sure she would still be there in the morning. ","Summary":" December 26th The old bed squeaked apologetically under his weight, as Jack crawled under the duvet"},{"Movie":"While You Were Sleeping","Title":"Jack, meet Lucy","Author":"SomeoneNew86","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8784915","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own \"While You Were Sleeping.\" Jack grinned warmly after Mary had dove in to hug him in the doorway of the Callaghan house. \"Don't wake Lucy,\" she whispered rather loudly, he turned abruptly towards the living room and before the words \"Who's Lucy?\" tumbled from his mouth it was already too late, he had fallen for her. He often looked back on that moment, replaying it in his mind over and over. It was bittersweet and amusing all at once. Amusing that his love-at-first-sight experience was the when he saw the back of a woman sleeping on a couch. Bittersweet because after falling for her the next words out of his younger sister's mouth were \"Lucy is Peter's fiancée.\" Jack had replied in disbelief \"No, that's not Peter's fiancée.\" What he realized now though is that it wasn't merely disbelief on his brother's choice of a wife but that he himself did not want to believe she belonged to anyone else. At this point in his recollecting he would laugh harshly at himself. He had always been careful about the women he dated and wasn't the type of guy to jump into anything or assume he loved someone just because she caught his eye. Oh but this time... Lucy, she was different and even sleeping barely visible on the couch he could tell. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own \"While You Were Sleeping.\" Jack grinned warmly after Mary had dove in to"},{"Movie":"Herbie series","Title":"Herbie Goes Street Legal","Author":"GothicChevy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4608012","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Herbie Goes Street Legal Character descriptions Sean: awkward and clumsy at first glance, he has yet to discover who he really is, but Herbie is going to show him where he belongs. He has medium length dirty blonde hair with blue-gray eyes. He is about 5'9\" with an average build. He tries to hide his feelings as best as he can, but they usually slip through. He is basically everybody's favorite loser. He undeniably has a huge crush on Katie. He usually wears designer blue jeans, a red T-shirt, and blue sneakers. Katie: a flower of beauty. A bit on the short side at 5'3\", but she makes up for it with sweetness and tons of energy. She is Trilf High School's head cheerleader. She got into cars because her boyfriend, Brad, pushed it on her. Her relationship with Brad is questionable as it seems she doesn't return his affections. Her shoulder length Blonde hair with brown highlights, her bright blue eyes, and her shapely figure drives guys wild, but she is in no way a slut. She likes to tease and flirt, which gets on Brad's nerves, which is probably why she does it. She usually wears a dark blue plaid miniskirt, a pink T-shirt and a dark blue zip up hoodie and sneakers. Brittany (appears in chapter 2): another beautiful cheerleader like Katie. She is Katie's best friend and revolves around Katie like a satellite, doing whatever Katie does. When Katie got her Lancia into drifting, Brittany followed suit by buying a 2003 Mazda Miata and drifted that as well. Unlike Katie, however, she seems to harbor a deep love of racing. If it wasn't for her hair and face, she would look like Katie's sister. She has shoulder length light brown hair with blonde highlights and deep green eyes. She usually wears dark blue sweat pants, a white T-shirt and a medium blue hoodie and sneakers. Jessica (appears in Chapter 2): a fiery blonde, blue-eyed Goth. Jessica is of the Wichen religion and considers herself a real life witch. Despite being a witch, she is one of the friendliest Goths you'll ever meet. Despite being friendly, you wouldn't want to get on her bad side as the last person to do that ended up in the hospital for 2 months with a curse put on him. She comes from a rich family and started drifting to give herself something different to do on weekends instead of practicing her spells. She went with her gut instinct when picking her drift car, a black and red 2007 Saturn Sky Redline. She usually wears black slacks or black hip-hugger jeans, with a black and red T-shirt and black combat boots. She sets herself apart from the ditsy Blondes at her school by having red highlights in her hair, which is always tied in a ponytail, as well as the Goth image. Jake (appears in Chapter 2): a cool black kid with looks similar to Corbin Bleu. He joined drifting to add a little flash and style to the sport. His baby is his drift car, which Jessica bought for him as a token of love. He drives a red 2007 VW Golf R32 with a rear-wheel drive conversion. When he's not at the arcade dancing to \"Dance Dance Revolution\", or sleeping in school, he's polishing, racing, or shopping for parts for his VDub. He usually wears a red long sleeve shirt, dark blue jeans, and black sneakers. Brad: Katie's jealous boyfriend. He revolves around Katie and tries to cater to her every whim, but she's not interested. When he's not keeping tabs on Katie, he's tinkering with his white 1995 Chevy Monte Carlo Z34. Katie has even said that one of the reasons she started drifting was to do something he could never do with his front wheel drive Monte Carlo. He constantly tries to prove to everyone that his car deserves the title of \"muscle car\", but no one ever gives him or his car the respect they deserve. He has short brown hair gelled into spikes with amber colored eyes. He usually wears a white T-shirt, a white zip up hoodie, dark blue jeans, and black sneakers. Herbie: a 1963 VW Bug. He is pearl white with a dark gray ragtop sunroof, red, white, and blue racing stripes, and the racing number \"53\". He loves mischief, racing, and playing matchmaker. Nobody ever believes he is alive at first until after they've been around him long enough. Herbie is in love with Giselle. Giselle: a 1976 Lancia Scorpion. She is powder blue with yellow and white racing stripes and the racing number \"7\". She is a ragtop convertible and has flip up headlights that have what looks like imitation eyelashes on her headlights. She tries to serve Katie the best she can and hasn't revealed that she's alive and has a mind of her own yet. She loves Herbie but doesn't feel he belongs in drifting.[Chapter 2] \"Herbie Goes Street Legal\" Chapter 1: Giselle's return By: GothicChevy Herbie loved the smell of burnt rubber at the Nopi Supershow in Atlanta, Georgia. Maggie had given him to her dousing, Sean, who had just gotten his driver's license. Sean thought Maggie was nuts when she told him the bug had a mind of his own. 'Did she just refer to a car as a he?' Sean thought. The drag races had finished for the day and they were about to leave when Sean heard something… screeching tires and engines revving past their redline. 'I thought the drag races were over and done with' Sean thought confused. Herbie stopped at a closed off section of the parking lot and watched. An announcement came on the loud speakers, \"Local Team Majestic D would like to debut their newest Italian acquisition.\" They wheeled out a car with a tarp on it. Herbie immediately recognized the shape and jacked up his front end to see over the railing. They pulled the tarp off and Herbie started shaking. It was her! He hadn't seen her since the Monte Carlo Rally in France in 1977. It was Giselle, a powder blue 1976 Lancia (pronounced Lon-cha) Scorpion with yellow and white racing stripes and the racing number \"7\". Another announcement came on, \"Anyone willing to take on this Italian exotic in drifting should come into the drifting arena now\" That was all Herbie needed to hear. He took off into the arena, sending Sean into the back of his seat. \"What the hell is wrong with this car?!\" Sean screamed as the bug took off. Herbie parked in the arena next to the luscious Lancia. She flipped her headlights open and flashed them menacingly as if saying \"What the hell are you doing here?\" \"We have a challenger! And a little pest at that!\" the announcer blared. Herbie revved his engine at that. Herbie had no idea what drifting was, but he wasn't gonna take an insult like that parked! The green flag dropped and Giselle took off. Herbie was startled as he heard the whistle of a turbocharger from under her hood. Herbie wanted to do a wheelie, but there wasn't enough room. Herbie took off leaving a trail of smoke and tire marks to the crowds' amazement. Herbie decided to watch her before attempting anything. He watched her style and concluded it was a simple e-brake maneuver. Sean was scared out of his wits. The cars pedals were moving by themselves and the car was shifting gears by itself. Maybe Maggie was telling the truth, or maybe he was going nuts. Giselle slid gracefully around the arena with smoke coming out of her rear wheel wells. Herbie attempted to do the same, but he held the e-brake too long and spun out, coming to a screeching halt. \"It's all over! Team Majestic D has taken out the newcomer!\" the announcer blared. Giselle slid to a stop and the driver got out. Sean gaped when the driver took off her helmet and long blonde hair flopped out. It was Katie from school! Sean had a crush on Katie for the longest time. 'What's Katie doing here? I thought she hated racecars!' Sean thought to himself. Sean got out of Herbie, still shaking and quivering from the impromptu race. Sean proceeded to stumble towards Katie. \"Hey Katie. G-g-g-good r-rrrace.\" Sean said, still obviously shaken. \"Sean?\" asked Katie who then ran up and hugged Sean. \"What are you doing here? I haven't seen you since the field trip to Washington DC! How are you?\" \"I'm getting by…\" Sean blurted out as he shot a dirty look at Herbie, who was too busy ogling the Lancia to notice. \"…Barely.\" \"KATIE!\" a voice rang out. Sean turned to see the voice belonged to a guy sitting on the hood of a white '95 Chevy Monte Carlo Z34 with painted rims. \"I gotta go, Brad's calling me\" sang Katie. \"Who's Brad?\" asked Sean. \"My boyfriend!\" yelled Katie. Sean's heart broke at that comment. Katie got into Giselle and sped off. End Chapter.[Chapter 3] Herbie goes Street Legal Chapter 2 At Katie's house, a nice two story Victorian house, every member of \"Team Majestic D\" was meeting in her living room. They were arguing about how to get the attention of Formula D and get into the league. Katie, Jessica, a fiery blonde Goth wichen (witch), Jake, a cool African-American kid, and Brittany, a cheerleader and Katie's best friend, were arguing over how to do it in the living room while watching \"Cars\". \"I'm telling you we should hire a professional drifter\" said Brittany. \"No. They're too preoccupied with their own teams. Besides, why would they help us?\" Jake pointed out \"I think we need matching paintjobs.\" \"We don't need matching paintjobs. It'll take away from our team's uniqueness. What we need is a driver with a car that's controversial in drifting!\" Jessica chimed. \"Well, what about Sean? He's got that old VW bug with the racing stripes,\" said Katie. \"Wait, you mean that dork you iced at the Nopi Supershow? No way! He can't drift for crap!\" said Jake. \"At least he tried! Besides, he has a hopeless crush on me,\" said Katie. \"Just give me some time and I'll get him to join\" she said with a wink. \"Jake, can I borrow your R32?\" \"Umm…yeah why?\" asked Jake as he tossed her the keys. \"Because Giselle sticks out like a sore thumb and the cops said they don't want to see it on the street after the Nopi Supershow exhibition yesterday.\" And with that, Katie got into Jake's '07 VW Golf R32 and took off in a cloud of tire smoke for Sean's house. \"Damn, she's fine\" said Jake. Meanwhile, Sean was in his driveway, washing Herbie. Sean looked up from polishing the chrome on Herbie's hood and saw a red VW R32 pull up his driveway. 'Who in the world drives that and what do they want?' Sean thought. Sean watched the car cautiously as the door opened and, to his surprise, Katie stepped out. Sean watched, almost mesmerized by the way she was swinging her hips from side to side as she walked towards him. \"Hey Sean,\" said Katie cheerfully. \"Ummm...nice chrome? Uhhh… do you mind if I take a look under the hood?\" \"Uhh… no go right ahead, but I have to unlock it first,\" said Sean nervously. \"I said I wanted to look under the hood, not look at your interior,\" beamed Katie. \"The engine lid has a lock on it. OK?\" explained Sean. \"It was a security option in the early 60's on the VW bugs.\" \"Oh. Sorry,\" said Katie as she and Sean walked to the back of the bug. Sean almost had the key in the lock when it unlocked itself and the hood popped open itself. \"Wow… you've got duel Weber carbs. That's pretty impressive for an old bug,\" exclaimed Katie as she stared at the flat 4 cylinder engine. 'Maybe if I'm nice enough to him, he'll join and get the attention of the Formula D officials. In all honesty the engine's complete crap' thought Katie. \"That explains the bug's peel out at the start of the drift exhibition yesterday.\" \"I got the car from my cousin, Maggie Peyton. She's nuts and insisted I call the bug 'Herbie' for some reason,\" said Sean. 'Wait, he's cousins with my hero among female racecar drivers? Well then, racing must be in his blood' Katie thought to herself. \"Umm... I thought you might want some lessons in drifting after I kinda embarrassed you yesterday. I felt bad and thought I'd offer you some help,\" Without even thinking, Sean answered. \"OK!\" He yelled in excitement. 'Wow, that was easy.' thought Katie. Herbie's radio came on playing \"C'est La Vie\" by BWitched. \"Oh my god! I love this song! You've got a kicken' system in there too?\" asked Katie excited. \"Actually, I haven't done a thing to it. 'Herbie' was like this when Maggie gave it to me. She must've done all the work,\" said Sean trying to explain it. 'Why did the radio just come on? Weird things have been happening around this car since I got it.' thought Sean. \"Umm… I'll call you tomorrow at 10AM. Be ready by 11 so we can start on your lessons\" \"Umm… sure\" said Sean trying not to sound as nervous as he was. And with that Sean watched as Katie once again strutted as she walked to the R32. Katie got in Jake's R32, backed out and left. 'That was almost too easy' she thought to herself as she pulled away. End Chapter A/N: thanks for reading and not flaming me so far. I wrote these chapters well over a year ago but fanfiction had no Herbie section. The rest of the chapters will be up to date with my current writing style... as in this is the last of my pre-written chapters. ","Summary":" Herbie Goes Street Legal Character descriptions Sean: awkward and clumsy at first glance, he has ye"},{"Movie":"Herbie series","Title":"Herbie ReLoaded","Author":"AnimaVoce NO LONGER ACTIVE","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8229953","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello, all - I've decide that \"Hoshi no Senshi: A New Beginning\" is officially on hiatus/hold until I can think of ideas to take it ahead. Until then, I'm gonna try my hand a this - a Herbie story! I had \"Herbie Goes Bananas\" and \"Herbie: Fully Loaded\" when I was a kid and I've recently bought the box set with all five of his films. I've also seen the 1997 remake of \"The Love Bug\" (whoa, Dean Jones got older... XD) and a TV series, \"Herbie the Matchmaker\" on YT. ... I'm rambling now, aren't I? Well, expect to see some of that later! :D Enjoy! ^^ Why couldn't he hear it? That voice had never failed to reach him. That warm, tender voice that always made his ignition feel sprightly, his mind clear and ready to burn some rubber. The voice that, when he was scared, would cast such a lulling spell over his worries and fears that they would be instantly calmed or would take on an encouraging tone to fire him up for action. He loved to hear that voice. More importantly, he loved seeing the man whom it belonged to. The man who had owned him, caressed him and adventured with him for what seemed like an eternity, the man who, after a rocky start, had accepted his quirks and clicked with him like no-one else could. Every morning he'd throw open the garage door, exchange a few kind words and take him for a drive. Then they'd come back, take a leisurely break and go on another drive. That's what they did and he loved it. So where was he? And more pressingly, why was there a tarp over him? The black road ran through the fields and trees like a sore thumb. Green crops and luscious leaves skirted either side and flighty birdsong rang pleasantly from the white sky. The asphalt was wet with rain and the fat droplets sat on the impermeable surface like small stones would. Then, a low growl and a streak of silver whizzed by, disrupting the nature around. A Hyundai 4x4 cruised smoothly along with the driver and front passenger seats occupied. In the driver's seat was a 22 year old girl: her blue eyes were deliberately marked with deep brown eye shadow and heavy mascara and pink lip gloss marked her thin, pursed lips. Her light blonde, shoulder length was tucked behind her ears and perfectly manicured nails in electric pink finished her fingers as they gripped the wheel. She wore a light magenta shirt and a mauve summer skirt with black espadrilles on her feet. Next to her sat a 17 year old with her feet on the dash, arms folded and a sombre, vacant look crossing her jade eyes. Unlike her companion, she didn't need make-up to highlight her striking facial features. Her messy, un-brushed ginger-brown hair hung at her waist and some locks fell over her eyes. A thin white shirt and a blue sports hoodie hung limply over her torso and shoulders whilst a pair of ripped blue jeans and black sneakers clung to her legs and feet. The ride continued in silence for a long empty moment, the 22 year old occasionally swiping concerned glances at her passenger before focusing on the road again. With good reason too; the 17 year old's uncle had died a month ago and she was still in the beginnings of serious depression. The funeral was last week and she'd been forced to turn up and now, they had just finished reading her uncle's will, to which she was also forced to turn up. But it had been written that he'd left something very special to her at his house so she'd demanded that they go and look. The 22 year old had been asked to take her into care after a suicide attempt had gone wrong and landed her in ER for 3 days. Now, she just fell into long brooding silences which seemed to happen at least 6 times a day. The 22 year old could only hope that the suicide thoughts didn't return. Soon, the Hyundai pulled swiftly into the estate. At first, it coasted along a gravel path lined with trees before arriving at the front door of a medium sized, red brickwork, 2-floored cottage. The windows and door were lined in white granite and a large garage stood next to the left wall, with its door closed. The two girls stepped out and surveyed the building; even though it was only 6 or 7 years old, it sent chilly vibes through the pair of them. The 17-year-old made a beeline for the garage door with her older cohort right behind her. \"Um, Calley, shouldn't it be, like, more respectful to use the front door?\" \"Key's under the flowerpot, Charisma. You use the door.\" Calley struggled with the rusted door handle for a few seconds before it finally cracked open, allowing her to grab under the rim of the door and push it upwards. The garage seemed empty; none of her uncle's toolboxes were there and the pictures that used to hang from the wall had been taken down. There were no spanners or wrenches lying on the concrete floor like there used to be, either. Everything seemed bare and misplaced. Calley's heart sunk and her eyes stung. However, in the middle of the garage, stood a large, rounded shape covered with a grey tarpaulin. Calley's eyes glistened as she circled the shape once, slowly and then came to stand in front of it. Tentatively, she reached out and took the front of the cloth, before whisking it back. Her heart burst right back into life and fresh tears rolled down her cheeks as a smile contorted them upward. There, waxed and polished to look brand-new, sat a 1963 pearl-white Volkswagen Beetle with red, white and navy blue racing stripes and a grey 'ragtop' sunroof. The number 53 emblazoned its doors, hood and trunk lid and a black number plate which read 'OFP 857'sat snugly on the bumper. Her uncle's car! This was her uncle's most treasured possession, his pride and joy. He'd taken her for long, happy drives in this car when she was younger – they'd go to the coast or the country and just drive. Drive long and talk long, as her uncle said. And boy, would they have long talks. Just an uncle and his niece, snuggled together watching the sunset from the Beetle's vantage point on the cliffs or the hills before returning to his home. Also, she'd pretend that the car was alive. She'd talk to it and pet it like a dog and, even though the car never responded to her, her childish fantasies always made her believe the car had heard her. Her uncle also told her bedtime stories about the car to keep these fantasies alive. Whether it be about the car running away from a cruel owner through dimly-lit city streets or falling hood over wheels with a beautiful lady car and constantly trying to win her heart, each and every story was imaginative and passionate. To the girl, this made them more exciting and real than ever. And now... the car was hers and hers alone. The object of all her juvenile hopes and dreams... was hers. Letting the memories wash her with reminiscence and new-found grief, Calley stroked a finger along the front fender before opening the door and slumping into the driver's seat. The cold leather shocked her skin and gave her goose bumps but she didn't care. Her wet eyes jumped from one gauge to the other all along the dash and back again before brushing her fingers over the wheel. It was only when she scanned the gauges a second time that she noticed the glove box was open and an opened envelope was poking out. Curiously, she took it and pulled out the letter inside, opening it up and reading aloud. \" My dearest Calley, If you're reading this, I'm either dead or will die sooner or later. I hope this doesn't come as a shock to you but if it does, do not feel guilty about this. I was liable to go in the next few years, wasn't I?\" \"No! No you weren't! You were timeless, ageless. Always full of energy and life. I never imagined you could...\" \" Okay, if everything goes as it's meant to, you should be reading this after my will has been read to you. And if you are, congrats, kiddo – the car is yours. I always said I wouldn't give it away to anyone since it was so important to me but considering how much we loved this car when you were young and now you have your licence... well, I figured it'd be a crime for me not to supply you with your first car.\" Calley place a hand on the wheel again and continued reading. \" Hopefully with this lil' gift of mine, you and he can go ahead and accomplish great things together. If anything Cal, I want you to remember me by this car and everything I've said about the car. ... Speaking of that, I guess I should come clean about a few things: everything I said about this little car, every story I told about it, every picture I painted in your head. It's all true – this little car really did do all the things I said it did. It really did run away from its cruel owner, it really did fall in love with a lady car and it really did win the El Dorado by splitting in half. Now, I know that may sound crazy –\" \"Too right it does.\" \" - but it's all true, all of it. This little car really is something, just as you are. You're something else as well, y'know. And that's why I loved you and always will.\" Another tear fell from Calley's green eyes. \" Well, I guess I'd better wrap this up before it gets too long-winded. You're the new owner of the car so have a great time with it. I want you to enjoy the car, just as I have. Who knows, you may be able to take him racing one day, huh? Have a great life, Calley. Whatever you wanna do, just floor it and don't back down. Forever yours, Uncle James Richard Douglas.\" Calley let out a soft sob before clutching the letter to her chest and lying back in the seat, throwing her sodden gaze to the roof. She still couldn't get her head around the fact that the car was hers but she had also been reminded that her dearest uncle was no longer here. The tightening pains in her heart nearly made it impossible to keep beating regularly so it skipped a few times before trying to settle back into a regular rhythm. Calley then dropped her glance to re-read the letter. When she was done, she noticed a final extract she'd failed to pick up earlier: \" PS – Please take care of Herbie. Whatever your problems, he'll help you find the answers.\" Calley flicked the tears away and blinked a few times, just to make sure that she'd read it right. Yeah, she had. It definitely read that she had to take care of Herbie. Herbie? Who was Herbie? Unless... \"Yo, Calley! You there?\" Calley could hear Charisma coming down the stairs pretty quickly – best guess was she'd heard her crying again. The teen hurriedly slid the letter back into the glove box and clicked it shut before stepping out and letting the door shut by itself. Wait, itself? Charisma strode in, unaware of what was happening. \"You okay?\" \"Yeah, I'm fine.\" \"You've been crying again.\" \"So?\" Calley dragged her sleeve across her face once more. Charisma sighed and was about to walk out when she clapped her eyes on the car. She too, walked around it, checking out the shape and condition before standing next to Calley. \"What's this?\" \"A car.\" \"I know, but... Is this a joke?\" \"Why would it be a joke?\" Charisma rolled her eyes. \"Your uncle... he could've left ya money or... our own house... Heck, he could've left you with some fancy estate or something. But... he gave you a car.\" \"Yeah, what of it?\" \"Doesn't that make you think he didn't care?\" A cord snapped in Calley's head. Her voice grew dark. \"What's that supposed to mean?\" \"I mean, okay! He left you a car, big deal... But, couldn't he have left you... a better car?\" \"Like what?\" \"Well, I don't know... like... my Hyundai or something. 'Cause you've gotta admit it: this car is a heap of junk.\" Calley's heart was burning. Raging. Her hands were shaking in fists at her sides and her face clouded over. \"Junk?\" \"Yeah.\" Charisma carried on, totally oblivious to Calley beside her. \"I mean, like, no offence or anything, but, this is the kind of car an old granny would have. It's small, it's ugly... in short, it sucks.\" Calley's eyes grew hot and her voice grew sinister and spiteful. \"Charisma... this was my uncle's car. He left it to me because he knows I'll look after it.\" \"Either that or he had really bad taste.\" \"What d'you say?\" Calley turned to look at Charisma, who stepped back in surprise and gave a wave of dismissal. \"Geez, Calley – don't your knickers in a twist. It's not worth freaking out over a car. I mean, that's, like, insane! Hello!\" Well! That was that – Calley had had enough. She turned away and stormed over to the driver's side and got in, slamming the door behind her. Charisma came after her. \"What do you think you're doing?\" \"Driving home.\" \"Uh, no you're not.\" \"Uh, yes I am.\" Calley slipped out a key from the glove box and stuck in the ignition. Charisma slapped her hands over the door and leaned into the car like a vulture over meat. \"Listen here, Calley – you get outta this car right now. We agreed that I'd drive you back.\" Calley didn't look up. \"More like you demanded it.\" \"Calley...\" Charisma's voice grew malicious. \"Don't make me mad.\" \"Or else what?\" Calley's eyes danced with hate and she cranked the key around and the engine caught. Rather loudly too and first time. It almost sounded like the car was growling as loud as it could, a deep, throaty sound emanating from the tiny engine. It sounded more like the sound of a Formula 1 Ferrari rather than a '63 Beetle. A sadistic smile played on Calley's lips. Charisma stood dumbfounded for a few moments before a glaring frown etched into her face. \"Calley, I'll ask you once more: get out of the car.\" Calley cupped a hand to her ear. \"Sorry, Charis! I can't hear a word you're saying!\" \"Get OUT of the car.\" \"What?\" Charisma snarled in frustration and grabbed the door handle. But the door didn't budge. She tried again. The door stayed firmly shut. She clapped both hands on the handle and pulled hard. Not a chance. She pulled harder then whisked her hand back with a yelp. Calley looked up in curiosity. \"Oh my god! Oh my god!\" Charisma squealed in fright then angrily thrust her hand in front of Calley. One of her manicured nails was broken and chipped. Calley smirked in triumph whilst Charisma shouted profanities at her and stormed off. Calley smirked again. Sometimes it was just too easy to wind Charisma up. She snuggled more comfortably into the seat and waited until the Hyundai engine purred away. Calley also noted that the engine of the Beetle had settled down into its regular cycle of rumbling and constant puttering. ' Much better. Now let's go,' thought Calley as she shifted the car into gear and gently pushed down the accelerator. On command, the Beetle rolled smoothly out of the cold garage into the light of day, crunching the gravel under its tyres. Calley quickly stopped to shut the garage door before continuing onto the tarmac road before her. She was certainly surprised at how responsive the Beetle was; the start wasn't jerky, the accelerator, clutch and brakes were perfect and the engine sounded beautiful, almost like the sweet song of a bluebird. Everything was calm, collected and under control. With the running of the car deemed okay, Calley could turn her thoughts to other things: where would she go? She had no idea; she just wanted to drive to clear her head from all that happened. The letter, Charisma, Herbie... Herbie... Who was Herbie? A friend of Uncle Douglas', perhaps? Or a friend of a friend of his? Wait, was it? Or was Uncle Douglas referring to the ... the car? He couldn't have been – that was crazy... But the letter said that all the stories he'd told her were true, that the car really had done all those things he'd spoken of so maybe it was true. Maybe the car was real but her mind wanted to deny it... or was her heart that wanted to deny it? Calley never found an answer before she saw what was ahead: a gang of teen boys she knew from school. All were about 6ft tall – head and shoulders above her – and were extremely flirtatious. One look at the popular girl would send her heart a-flutter and deliriously in love. Two gave her especially nasty grins as they perched on the roof of their car – a stylish, black BMW M3 Sedan. \"Oh...\" Calley slowed to a stop and stared in disbelief. This was the last thing she needed; she'd gone on a drive to clear her head and figure things out, not to run into more trouble. She face planted on the dash as the two boys perched on the Sedan slid off and strutted towards her. 'Please don't let this be happening... yeah, it's happening.' Two sharp taps at the window forced her to look up and roll it down. \"Hey, good looking, you heading anywhere?\" A black haired boy with dancing brown eye's that could melt a girl's heart leaned in and got way too close to Calley's face to be comfortable. His breath stank of lemonade and cigarettes. Calley stared at her jeans, wrinkling her nose in disgust. \"Well, I know for a fact I'm not heading to the cemetery anytime soon,\" she hissed. The boy stepped back, unimpressed. \"Aw, come on doll, we just wanna have fun... Where you headed? Need a lift?\" Calley was cordial but her tone wasn't. \"No thank you, I already have a lift.\" The boy laughed then leaned back in. \"Nice try sweetheart, but I think you'll need us to tow you there, huh?\" \"I don't think so, CJ.\" \"I do.\" \"You wanna bet?\" CJ smirked. \"Wanna race? Our car against yours. The winner's right and the loser is no more than a sore loser. JJ'll drive.\" Calley glanced up to the brunette boy who just gave her a vacant glance. She gave a silent sigh; JJ was one of the best drivers she knew – she'd seen him at a go kart race, he'd thrashed everyone – but she'd never seen him drive the BMW before. If he was that good in Mini's version of an F1 car, what would he do in something that could top 126 mph? Was it worth the risk? \"... Okay. Let's do this.\" ...rrrrrRANTING! :D Naw, not really. ^^ But I plan to do a couple of things with this story - kinda like experiments in a way: 1: I want to see if I can include references to every single film throughout the story - you can spot a couple in this one! c: 2: Try giving characters realistically dark backgrounds: Caitlyn from \"Percy: A New Hero\" touches on this, but her background, whilst being dark, is riddled with flaws and is fantasy, to say the least... I'll work on that. ^^; Since this story is meant to be more realistic, the background of each character is gonna be realistic too, e.g: Calley's uncle has died so since she was close to him, she's a depressed, confused, nervous wreck. Well, now she is anyway; Herbie's gonna help her get better. X3 Please read, review and enjoy! ^^[Chapter 2] Whoo! Chapter 2 up! Here, Calley discovers Herbie is alive and we find out who the real villain is... ;D Calley SO didn't want to be doing this. Here she was, having talked herself into an impromptu street race against the best driver in her school, driving a '63 Beetle that could only just make it up to 60 mph, whilst her opposition saw that speed as child's play. 'Oh... God help me' , she sighed in her head as her fingers curled around the wheel. The engine growled eagerly behind her and she could hear a soft but competitive little noise ring from the frames of the car itself. Something was definitely up with this car. She didn't know what but whenever she heard that engine purr or snarl, a wave of confidence overcame her. She felt ready to take on the world with this car. Meanwhile, in the Sedan, JJ sat comfortably in the driver's seat, one hand placed casually on the wheel and eyes cast on the road in front of him. Maybe, he'd go easy on her, trick her into thinking she could win with the Bug, the ease in front and take the race: piece of cake. The two cars stood next to each other, ready to give off that burst of speed to get the race underway. One of the gang held up the flag. JJ let a small smile curl his lips up. Calley felt her blood run cold. \"3... 2... 1... GO!\" Dust flew and tyres squealed as the two cars set off. The Sedan easily pulled in front but the Beetle was right at its heels, sticking with it. Calley's mouth went dry as she felt the car suddenly throttle up to align itself with the door. She stared dumfounded at JJ when he saw her face. He scowled a little and pulled in front. Calley couldn't see this coming: the Beetle throttled up again, enough this time to make sure that they were level. Level? Level? This was unreal! JJ's features darkened into a frown and he eased the wheel round to bump the Beetle's wheel arch and send it back by a couple of metres. Calley felt the power of the car falter then settle again. Now she frowned – NO-ONE bumped her uncle's car and got away with it! \"Alright then, you wanna play dirty?\" Calley grabbed the gear stick and yanked it back fiercely, flooring the car up to running level again. Sweat from her palms glued her hands to the wheel and her eyes were squinted, fixed to the road. ' Let's finish this,' she smirked as she stepped on the accelerator again. The car responded with excitement, scooting in front before the Sedan could touch it again. JJ did a double take – that car hadn't just passed him. It couldn't have! He was performing at a comfortable 140 mph and this Bug was scorching him! He settled deeper into the seat and pushed the Sedan on, drawing level with the Beetle. He and Calley exchanged 'evils' at each other before turning back to the road. The line drew in sight: The gang was yelling, cheering JJ on. Calley stole a glance: the Sedan eased out in front and the Beetle rose to it, pulling in front by a bumper. JJ glowered and pulled in front again. 10 metres away. ' We're done for,' groaned Calley as they fell back. The Beetle suddenly burst forward, its engine straining as it overtook completely and won. Won by a whole BMW Sedan's worth of space! Both cars screeched to a halt. The gang of boys flocked around the Sedan, raising their voices and demanding answers they couldn't get. JJ didn't understand; this car could easily top 120 mph and it'd been wasted. Wasted by a VW Beetle! How? It made no sense. His gaze swivelled to the car in question. ' Seems like she landed herself one heck of a car...' The Beetle shuddered and groaned, the engine puttering badly as it desperately tried to cool itself down. The suspension wobbled and the front tyres sagged in exhaustion. In the driver's seat, Calley felt the perspiration roll off her head like water off porcelain as she stared into the foot well, panting in deep long gasps and gripping the wheel as tight as she dared. This was so surreal, she felt like crying again. She had just smoked a BMW M3 Sedan with a '63 Volkswagen Beetle. Or had she? She couldn't tell the difference between reality and the unreal. She unsteadily looked up. The gang was marching towards her, red faced, shouting and fists were pumping. The 'get the hell outta here' cord snapped in Calley's head and she stuck the car in gear and sped off, hunched over the wheel lie a paranoid psycho killer. She wanted to leave it all behind. Everything. She had rather a lot to think about. Later that night, as the stars climbed into the sky and black clouds blotted out the moon, most of the suburbs were settled and quiet, the inhabitants sleeping soundly and securely in their homes. One house, however, still had the lights on and heated voices yelled over the top of each other, disturbing the cool silence outside. \"How come you are such a jerk sometimes?\" \"You're calling ME a jerk?\" \"Yes, I am! You seem to be nothing better, anyway!\" Charisma crashed her hand down on the table. \"You got no right to call me a jerk, sister! If anything, you're the jerk around here!\" Calley snarled, \"Who was the one called my uncle's car a pile of junk –\" \"Oh please!\" \"- AND completely disregarded my feelings, not only by saying that the car was junk, but also by saying that we agreed you'd drive me home when we'd never agreed such a thing AND when maybe I wanted some time alone, you have to prowl around in other people's business like a damn FBI detective? Who was the one who did that, Charisma? Tell me that!\" Charisma scoffed and inspected her nails before turning back to glare hard at Calley, who was nearly at breaking point. \"And who's the one acting like an immature little girl that needs to learn how to grow up now that Uncle Jim isn't here anymore, huh? No more Uncle Jim, Calley, just good ol' Charisma here now, so I suggest you DEAL WITH IT.\" Calley's tears spilled over as she stood stock still in horror before dashing from the room, tearing a blanket from the airing cupboard and rushing outside, tripping on the stone gravel driveway and falling to her knees. Her jaws locked as she sniffed and let the tears fall. Her arms then awkwardly lowered her to the ground and she lay there, sniffling and sobbing quietly. The cold breeze chilled her skin and made her wrap up tightly. Why her? There were so many other people with more desperate situations than hers so why her? Why did it have to be her heart breaking, her disasters piling up? Why hers? It wasn't fair... Why didn't that suicide attempt work? Calley lay sprawled out on the gravel for what seemed an eternity – passersby would've thought she was dead. She didn't care about the cold and she didn't care about the bruises and small cuts on her arm or legs. She didn't care about the goose bumps on her skin or the tears that streamed down her face. Her heart was near to breaking point and she didn't know how long she would last. She felt completely, hopelessly miserable. There wasn't even a word to describe it, she felt so low. She abruptly scrabbled to her feet and threw the blanket over her. Her wild eyes scanned for a safer place to sleep and her teeth were grinding each other down in her sudden, frightened state. Then, she saw the Beetle parked outside the garage. Her uncle's most prized possession... the last of what remained of him. Calley stumbled to the door and fumbled it open, collapsing in a sob across the front seats. She snivelled loudly and hugged the blanket to her chin as she felt the car's door gently click shut. A deathly shiver coursed through her, chilling her spine and prompting another sob to escape her lips. She then heard some clacking sounds on the dash, followed by a soft warm rush of air blowing in her face. It stung at first, but after a while she became accustomed to it and sat up properly in the driver's seat. The whole car now felt warm and inviting. Calley pulled the back of her hand across her face and sniffed. \"Thanks...\" ' Wait, did I just say 'thanks' to a car? What's with me?' Calley's thoughts were interrupted by the car seeming to dip down on its front suspension and the metal sighing. Her eyes popped slightly. \"... He... Hello?\" The car gave a questioning squeak back to her. Calley had to clap her hands on her mouth to stop her screaming. Was the car possessed? No... Calley lowered her hands and shakily placed them in her lap. \"Her-Herbie?\" The car gave a small, happy whine and bounced on its front wheels. Calley grasped the steering wheel as she was thrown forward, nearly hitting the dash with her head. The car immediately stopped, waiting for a response and feeling a little sorry as he'd nearly hurt his new owner. The breath Calley took burned her lungs. \"So... you... you are Herbie?\" The car dipped again, like he was nodding. \"And... you are alive?\" Another dip. Calley's voice grew soft but confident. \"Okay... that's that then.\" She suddenly slumped back. \"Great. I have a possessed car that – \" She stopped, instantly hating herself for berating her uncle's car after he'd passed it to her on the basis that she looked after him. She took the note out from the glove box again and opened it up. \"You... You might want to listen to this, He-Herbie.\" Calley read the note out slowly and steadily, her voice faltering every so often as the morning flooded back. She felt the frames of the car sigh and then run cold - she hesitated for a fraction of a second before carrying on. When she'd finished, she folded up the note and clicked the glove box shut before resting her head on her arms on the wheel. The car then did something she didn't expected: he gave a soft, mournful beep as his windscreen washers started up, spraying water on his windscreen. The wipers then dragged themselves across the glass, squeaking as they did, and the car sagged down until its bumper touched the gravel beneath it. A number of these wailing beeps brought a stunned Calley out of her trance. Was Herbie crying? A car... crying? Flustered, Calley took a different approach to what she'd normally do: she stroked the car's dash and her eyes stung as she spoke. \"H-Hey Herbie... shh, shh, it's okay, Herbie... I know how you feel...\" A tear spilled down her face but she didn't care. \"Easy Herbie... shh... don't cry, Herbie. It's okay... hush, Herbie, hush...\" Eventually, she was able to calm Herbie down. An uncomfortable silence passed between them before Calley decided to tell Herbie about the times they'd had with her Uncle Jim and how he was the best uncle and owner a niece and car could ever hope to have. This talk soothed both girl and machine and coaxed a bond to develop between the two. Calley then told Herbie how she'd loved him as a child and dreamed he was alive, only making the small spark of hope they had grow stronger. As Calley began to feel better about herself, she slowly became more talkative and, in turn, Herbie became more responsive, squeaking here or sighing there and dipping or rising on his suspension. Finally, midnight drew nearer and Calley and Herbie became drowsy with sleep. Calley wrapped the blanket around her and snuggled sideways into the seat. Her voice was slurred as she spoke for the final time in the conversation: \"Y'know, Herbie? I loved you as a kid and now isn't any different. I still love you. You meant everything to me then and no doubt you meant something to Uncle Jim too. I'm sure he was a fantastic owner to you, so I hope I can follow on in his stead. Hopefully, we can help each other, Herbie, I dunno. But hopefully we can. I'll be there for you and you could be there for me; I really need someone Herbie – human or car, I need someone to talk to, to share my troubles with. And we're kind of in the same rough patch at the moment so we can help each other out of this, with a little luck.\" Her eyelids drooped. \"And y'know what, Herbie? If I could, I'd keep you forever. You're all I have to remind me of Uncle Jim: I've got you and stories and you've got memories. Right now, you mean more to me than anything on this earth – heck, you're even worth more to me than my own life is right now. I'll never leave you Herbie, okay? I'll never leave...\" Calley couldn't finish the sentence; comforting drowsiness had carried her away to the first peaceful, fulfilled sleep she'd had for over a month. Well, there we go. Like I said last chapter, I want to incorporate events or references to all the Herbie films and Herbie the Matchmaker - only done through actions here but hey, maybe I'll be more successful next chapter. Please review and enjoy! ^^ PS - Who do you think is the villain out of CJ, JJ or Charisma? :)[Chapter 3] Well, here we are - another chapter. I hope this one's good. Next one is sure to crop up soon. Enjoy! ^^ The morning light swam in the room and a soft breeze blew. Charisma stood in front of the mirror, perfecting her hair then applying her usual amount of heavy make-up, batting her eyes and smooching to make sure it was okay. She then ran her fingers through her hair once more before walking to Calley's bedroom door. She rapped on the wood four clear times. \"Hey Calley, wake up, girl.\" No response. Charisma knocked again, bemused. \"Calley?\" Again, nothing. Charisma shrugged; she knew Calley could be a heavy sleeper at times. As she strode to the top of the stairs, she saw the opened airing cupboard and a couple of blankets which had corners pulled out. That made her mind tick: had Calley run off again? Panicking, Charisma darted down the stairs and out the door. \"Calley? Calley, where are you?\" Charisma's eyes zipped here and there. Finally she turned and saw the Beetle. Calley couldn't have run off without taking the Bug, surely... Charisma headed towards the car, hoping that Calley would be inside. Herbie had been startled a little bit by the front door banging open; he opened a headlight and saw Charisma calling. A twinge of anger flared in him as he'd remembered what she'd called him and hadn't forgiven her but he'd guessed that she was in charge of Calley's safety and, considering what she'd said to him last night, he'd better wake her up. Herbie rocked smoothly, stirring Calley as gently as he could. Then, he stood stock still. The teen grumbled and stretched with a yawn and sat up in the driver's seat to see Charisma walking over. She rubbed her eyes and felt for the door handle. Herbie opened the door for her but Calley had no time to thank him before Charisma pulled her out and kicked the door shut. Herbie winced, then growled – he didn't like this one at all. Not one bit. \"Oh my god, Calley, are you okay?\" \"Charisma, I'm – \" \"Why d'you run out here? You got me all panicked that you'd, like, run off or something.\" \"Charis, I'm okay. Calm down, okay? Just chill.\" \"You sure?\" \"Yeah, sure.\" The two faced each other for a moment. Calley stared at Charisma, who scrutinised her with a piercing look that would probably scare a small child back home. Calley flicked an eyebrow at her and Charisma sighed. \"Okay. Just don't do that again, 'kay?\" \"'Kay.\" Charisma pulled Calley into a hug, squeezing her so tightly that Calley thought her head would pop off like a champagne cork. She stood patiently and rolled her eyes as Charisma set about fussing over her, throwing the blanket on the gravel and patting her down as if she were covered in dust. This went on for 5 minutes before Charisma finally said: \"You hungry?\" Calley folded her arms and gave a smirk. \"Gee, you think?\" \"Well, come on doll! Don't just stand there, let's go in,\" Charisma turned and led Calley inside, who just had time to shrug at Herbie in apology before the door clunked shut. Herbie pulled his front tyres out in a shrug before sighing and sagging to the ground again. He thought it would be tough to be Calley; he was only glad he wasn't the one who was being berated then instantly molly-coddled at every glance. But then again, he did feel sorry for her somewhat. After some breakfast, fresh clothes and a clear head, Calley felt a bit more positive. She then headed back outside to see Herbie, who perked up when he saw her. Calley gave a contented sigh and set herself on Herbie's hood, tracing the 53 with her finger. Her thoughts suddenly went back to something: how did Herbie win over JJ's Sedan? It still seemed so crazy to her. She turned back to the car. \"How, Herbie? How'd you win over that Sedan?\" Herbie looked up and squeaked at her. \"Oh boy, this is going to be difficult...\" Calley commented in a long sigh. \"I've been thinking, see... I'm not doubting you or anything, but how can a car that has trouble doing 60 whoop something that does twice that and more? It doesn't make sense.\" Herbie revved his engine in indignation and Calley patted his fender. \"Hey easy, Herbie! I'm not insulting you, I just said that.\" Calley crouched down in front of him. \"Look, it just seems... I dunno... unheard of. It's the sort of trick a one-of-a-kind car would pull. But then again, you are a one-of-a-kind car.\" Herbie wriggled in happiness at the compliment. Calley smiled then sat on his hood again, feeling the wind flick her hair back and hearing it rustle through the trees. She felt more than contented, now that she thought about it – she felt satisfied. Satisfied that this was the most peaceful she'd felt for over a month. Maybe things would look up after all... Harsh tyre squealing shattered her peaceful thinking as both Calley and Herbie saw a bright red Triumph Spitfire Mk. 4 charge along the roads and shudder to a stop on the gravel. 'What's going on?' Calley wondered as she stepped off of Herbie to find CJ jump out, slam the Spitfire's door and march towards her. \"Calley Stancheck! You've got some explaining to do!\" Calley felt her heart and stomach plummet. Herbie went cold. \"What have you done to that car?\" \"What are you talking about?\" \"There's no way – absolutely NO way at all - that a Volkswagen Bug has the performance or the horsepower to smoke a BMW M3 Sedan. Now, I don't know what you've done to this car, but I'm gonna find out. So, you mind giving me some answers?\" \"CJ, I haven't done anything to this car. What happened yesterday was crazy, I'll admit it, but I had no part in it, apart from racing.\" \"Likely story,\" CJ fumed. \"No, you've meddled with this car and tarnished our reputation of being the fastest drivers at Western Medley High. I'm gonna find out what you've done to this car even if I have to tear it apart!\" \"Aww, who has an ego problem? And if you so much as lay a finger on my car -\" \"Hey, what's going on?\" Both teens turned to see Charisma walk out to see what the commotion was all about. \"You get back in the house, lady – this doesn't concern you,\" CJ snarled. Charisma chuckled. \"C'mon, sport – why don't you join me?\" \"Nice try, but I have other things to worry about.\" \"Aww, c'mon – don't give a girl the cold shoulder, babe.\" CJ stormed over to Charisma and hissed right in her face. \"Listen girl, I ain't interested in your prissy advances, okay? In any case, you need some work. Besides, I wanna figure out how that Bug works, so you just back off, got it? Or is that failing to get through your thick head?\" \"Ooh...\" Calley sucked air in through her teeth at that remark – this was gonna end in tears. Next thing she knew, CJ was writhing on the gravel with a pouring nosebleed and Charisma stood over him with her fist raised to slug him again. She glared at him. \"Get off my property, punk. NOW!\" CJ scrabbled to his feet and drove off before you could make yourself an espresso. Charisma stomped after him. \"Yeah, get outta here! And swivel on it!\" she yelled, flipping one off at him before coming back to Calley, huffing in anger. \"Go Charisma!\" Calley remarked in approval. \"I need a shower now.\" Calley burst into hysterics at that point. She collapsed onto Herbie's hood and lay there laughing for a minute or so. Herbie giggled underneath her, his frames shaking and his engine purring. Calley finally stood up and took a few breaths to calm her down. \"Oh boy, that was fun... We'll go on a drive later, okay Herbie?\" Herbie nodded, showing his approval by bouncing on his tyres and wriggling. Calley tittered and went back inside, leaving Herbie to settle himself down then drift off into a doze. \"Don't you see it? She's a freak and so is that car!\" \"Chill out, CJ – you don't want that nosebleed to come back, do you?\" CJ grumbled, leaning against the wall of his garage with JJ standing in front of him. CJ also held a large wad of tissue paper against his nose with his head down. He'd been trying to make JJ see that Calley and Herbie had cheated in that race somehow and that revenge was needed. That or they could steal Herbie and tear him apart to see how he worked. Whilst JJ was curious about how Herbie had managed to win, he didn't want to go as far as cutting him up or stealing him at all. To make CJ even more riled, JJ wasn't even concerned that their reputation had been tarnished – it was almost like he wanted Calley to beat him. \"I thought so,\" JJ said flatly when CJ didn't answer. \"Your problem is you ain't got pride.\" \"Really? Is this what it comes down to? A sense of pride?\" JJ couldn't quite get it. \"What is it about that car that winds you up so much? It's nothing, okay? So what if we got beaten by a VW Bug, so what? Just let it go, okay?\" CJ felt his skin flush with anger. \"Let it go. 'Let it go?' You are asking me – to let it go?\" \"Yeah – no point crying over spilt milk.\" \"The damn milk wasn't meant to be damn spilt! The damn car shouldn't have beat you – why can you not see that? Are you thick or something?\" \"No... I'm just not an attention hog like you.\" \"You're calling me an attention hog?\" \"Absolutely.\" CJ stood still for a moment, trying to make sense over what his brother was saying. He finally managed to grumble out: \"Don't you enjoy it – the thrill, the drama – heh, the chicks – don't you enjoy that?\" \"No – I'm in it for the passion. You've gotta love driving if you want to race – you've gotta feel the power behind the wheel You gotta feel the energy in the car.\" \"Oh please, don't make me laugh.\" \"You have. Otherwise you're no better than an amateur.\" JJ then strode over to the Sedan, got in and turned the engine over. CJ looked round. \"Where're you going?\" \"Outta here.\" JJ looked up with deadly seriousness clear in his eyes. \"I'm not going to be driving with you if you just want attention, that's not how I roll.\" \"You what? C'mon JJ, you aren't serious -\" \"I am. I've had enough. All this time, we've been soaking up the limelight, craving attention from girls and fans. And I can't stand the way you rub your face in it. That car made me realize something: either drive for love or don't drive at all. I've made up my mind, what about yours?\" CJ watched as JJ drove the Sedan away into the street to line up with the house before calling back to him: \"And by the way – it ain't JJ Falcon anymore, it's Jeremy Falcon, like it ought to be!\" With that said, the Sedan powered away, tyres screaming and engine roaring into the distance. CJ stood dumbfounded for a second before growling to himself as he stomped back to the garage. 'Well, fine!' he thought. 'If JJ's gonna go then he can just as well go – I don't need that loser! I can do just fine without him. And I'll get that car too. ...Yeah. I'll get it. Somehow. Watch out, Calley Stancheck. You'll pay for this... in more ways than one...' Okay, seems like CJ is a butthurt crybaby... There's a reference to ' Herbie Goes Bananas' in there too. Comedy on Charisma's part too - I loved writing that! XD Am I getting Herbie's mannerisms okay? I ask as I want him to be a mix of, in Michelle Lee's words: the kid who wants to be adopted and, in my own: proud of who he is. Not smug, just modestly proud. How'd you like that oxymoron? XD Please keep reviewing so I can make Chapter 4 even better - thanks for reading! :)[Chapter 4] Hello, everyone! I'm so sorry I've been away for such a long time - A - levels tend to make you lack in attention. ^^; Try not to worry; after finally getting off my fat ass, I read the reviews and people were eager for me to post Chapter 4. So I got off my ass again and posted it. Again, I'm so sorry for the delay! Enjoy! :) The sky was white with a touch of overcast clouds mixing with the blank colour. Calley wasn't able to tell if it would rain or not as she and Herbie smoothly cruised through the streets around her neighbourhood. The trees only added a meagre speck of life to the otherwise dull, boring roads and houses. Everywhere was quiet too – no kids were playing outside, no ordinary folk were out walking their dogs along the sidewalk or bantering over anything that concerned them and no wind breezed through the avenue. Calley found it all a little eerie; usually, the estate was full of noise and colour. She wasn't used to everything being so... lifeless. Lifeless... Herbie was nervous too – he was used to Jim Douglas making conversation and hearing a constant, warm babble behind the wheel. Now, everything seemed alien without him. He still hurt too. Ever since Calley told him that Jim was gone, Herbie felt like a little hole was gnawing away inside him, gradually getting bigger. He was doing his best to live through it but it wasn't easy. At least he had Calley and at least they could live through it together. \"Oh Herbie...\" Calley sighed heftily. She just didn't understand anything anymore. It was all just a jumbled, tangled mess of thoughts clumped together. Herbie groaned softly; he completely understood how it felt for thoughts to feel like a pulsing tumour on someone's conscience. BANG! Something exploded beside them. Herbie went berserk, rearing up in a hasty wheelie and dashing off, with engine screaming and smoke billowing. Calley grasped the wheel and tried to stop the sudden frightened rampage. \"Herbie! Herbie!\" Calley felt her lungs deflate sharply and her heart pound so hard she thought her ribcage couldn't take it. \"Herbie, slow down! Wait!\" Herbie swerved wildly and his tyres screeched as Calley fought with the brakes. But he was totally overcome with fear – he could barely feel her wrestling at the gears, clutch and everything else she could find to make him stop. Calley finally managed to bring Herbie under control and slow him to a stop by the side of the road. She collapsed back into the seat with her hand on her head, panting hard and sweat sticking her hair to the back of her neck. Herbie shook violently and sagged on the suspension – he felt very grateful that his engine was air-cooled or something worse could've happened. He tried to calm himself as his mind immediately went out for Calley, hoping she was okay. Why did he have to be so reckless like that? Calley's head turned shakily as the window was tapped. Her blood ran icy cold and her heart stopped then sank. A man in black uniform rapped on the glass again. She twisted round, spotting the red and blue lights behind her swirling and flashing. After a while, she wound the window down. \"'Ullo, miss.\" \"H-Hi.\" \"You, er – were going a tad fast, weren't you?\" \"Something happened.\" \"I'll bet it did.\" \"No, n-no, you d-don't understand – \" The officer motioned for her to explain. Calley took two raspy breaths. \"I – I was just d-driving along, s-see? And – well, something exploded be-behind me. I-I got startled and I... I'm so sorry, I just didn't think.\" \"Too right you didn't think, sweetheart. Let's see your licence.\" \"Hu-Huh?\" \"I said, let's see your licence.\" Calley's blood temperature dropped another couple of degrees. She felt like lead as she fumbled into her back pocket for her licence card and gave it to the officer. He inspected it closely, his eyebrows making his eyes seem like beady black dots as they furrowed together. He turned to look at Calley then back at the licence a few times before asking her: \"How old are you, miss?\" \"17. 17 and a quarter, to be precise.\" The officer handed it back and eyed her suspiciously. Calley didn't like this – she desperately hoped he didn't say what she thought he would. \"I'm going to have to ask you to come with me please, miss.\" \"Where?\" She cursed herself for being so pedantic. \"The candy store. Where d'ya think?\" The officer tried to pull open the door but it stayed firmly shut. He tried again. Nothing. Calley felt that glance burn into her. Her veins had turned to ice. ' Herbie, please. Not now!' Herbie felt Calley's fear and obediently opened the door. He watched from the rear view mirror as Calley was escorted to the black and white police car behind him and driven away. He felt upset but it quickly turned to frustration. Annoyance. Anger. How dare that guy take Calley away like that, how dare he! It wasn't fair – she hadn't done anything. It was him, he'd completely over-reacted. It was his fault. Herbie squirmed in his guilt. He felt terrible for dropping Calley into this situation – he also felt that he was now responsible to put it right. He had to help her. After all, they'd agreed to look out for each other. Herbie saw the car drive out of sight and determination swelled in his tiny engine as he started himself, turned round and headed off after the police car. He'd help her; he'd stick right by her. He'd save her. \"What the hell do you mean 'you can't help me'?!\" Calley was screaming down the phone in outrage. She'd arrived at the station and was accused of speeding and reckless driving. She'd gotten off lightly and a fine of $200 was required. The cops had asked for her parents' numbers and she said that her parents had split up and that she was in care. They'd then asked for her carer's number and passed her the phone after a few minutes. At the rate she was going, Calley would have to pay for property damage too. \"I mean, I can't help you,\" Charisma buzzed over the static. \"I'm late.\" \"For what? What could possibly be more important than helping me out of this goddamn mess?!\" \"My manicure appointment, of course. It's gonna cost, like, $500.\" Calley felt her heart drop, her brows furrow and her teeth grind. Her knuckles cracked around the plastic payphone. \"A manicure...? A goddamn, fu – What in the name of everything sane is WRONG WITH YOU?! You'd rather go to your precious little manicure than help to bail me out of jail? Why do I have such a mindless, senseless, prissy old HAG of a carer?!\" \"Suck it up, bitch, you've got no-one else and just pay for it yourself!\" A raging grin spilt Calley's face like a walnut shell under a nutcracker. \"Yes, you are all I have because my mother's a dithering alcoholic, my father's either eloped or doing time and my uncle is goddamn dead. And did I also mention you work as a secretary for a telecommunications company? No, which begs the question as to why you'd rather go for a flaming manicure quite comfortably instead of, let's see, send me to school, bail me out of prison or even put food on the goddamn table?! Besides you never give me money to pay for anything,\" she added in a hot whisper. \"You're on your own, Calley. Bye.\" Click. Booooop, booooop... Now Calley was in trouble... ' Gee, sure is quiet around here,' JJ mused to himself as he cruised around. He too had noticed how grey and mundane everything seemed and, while it didn't seem eerie in his mind, it did seem peculiar. The Sedan responded quietly and willingly as he rounded the corner into one of the quieter roads leading out of town. JJ sighed and shook his head before focusing on the road once more. Then, out of the blue, something whizzed by, shaking the BMW with some considerable force – JJ recognized the car as the Beetle that won in the street race yesterday. Without hesitating, the teen swung his car around and gave chase, soon being able to pull the car over whilst he parked the Sedan in a nearby car park. ' Rotten crazy driver... has Calley gone nuts or something?' Herbie screeched up the road as fast as he dared, desperately hoping that Calley wasn't in too much trouble. They'd promised to stick out for each other through thick and thin and the little car wasn't about to back down on this promise. Calley, despite her fragility, was a kind and spirited driver; thoroughly reminding him of Jim Douglas when they'd first met. Suddenly, almost too late, Herbie saw a car cruising right towards him and realized that because he was in such a hurry, he was on the wrong side of the road! Paint was nearly traded as he swerved to avoid the oncoming vehicle and when he realized the car was following him, poor Herbie nearly bounced off the kerb in a flustered attempt to stop. His frames shook again as he tried to cool his hot engine; he shook even more when he saw the driver of the car walk towards him. He needed to calm down, stop being so jumpy. Everything was too fast for Herbie: too new, too hasty, and too confusing. In that single, frightened instant before he froze, Herbie wished more than ever that Jim Douglas' lullaby voice was there to console him. JJ inspected the car all over; it was in good shape. The tyres were fine, no damage had been done to the bodywork of the Beetle but two things concerned him: the engine was very warm, much warmer than it should have been for a '63 Bug travelling at 60mph – he thought a regular servicing would fix that easily – and the driver's seat was vacant. Wait, vacant? JJ shut his eyes and turned his head away, pinching the bridge of his nose before turning back to look. No, he was not seeing things. This car had nearly just clipped him with no driver in the seat. He was stunned – there was not another word for it: stunned. JJ also saw that there was no radio-controlling equipment rigged to, inside or under the car, eliminating the only reasonable idea he had as to why the car could drive itself. This was just... completely insane. JJ stepped back from the car and simply stared at it, dumbfounded, crossing his arms over his broad chest. \"How in the name of sanity do you work?\" he asked himself. Raised voices turned the attention to the building on the other side of the road: the police station. JJ turned his head at the noise – a fierce argument was brewing and JJ instantly knew one of the voices was Calley. Herbie heard the voices too and, as this human walked away across the tarmac, he could hear the heat from the shouts and protests billow into the air, making the whole atmosphere seem stormy and electric. Why couldn't everything just be simple and silent for once? Why? \"Oh come on! Please, this isn't fair at all!\" \"Never mind 'fair' sweetheart, we have the legal power to do this.\" Calley drew her fingers across her head and dug her thumb into her temple, propping her elbow on the counter in the small, dank reception area. She was near to totally losing it; after the call with Charisma, Calley had said to the receptionist that her carer was, in simple and polite terms, unwilling to pay the fine. As a response, the receptionist had stated that she had to sign a ticket and, since Calley was so young, if the $200 wasn't paid in the next 24 hours, she would have to appear in court. Now, Calley was frantically trying to save her bacon. \"Can't you do something? C-Call up my carer yourself, or – or – o-or even lower the fine a touch?! Then I may be able to pay!\" The receptionist, a wasted and tanned stick woman in her late forties, sorted some files and leant patronisingly over the desk. \"And what do you suggest then, darlin'? $20? $2? Not very likely.\" Calley sank into a chair in defeat. She was done for now. Totally and absolutely done for. She just wanted to cry. Why couldn't everything just be simple and silent for once? Why? \"Anything wrong in here?\" Both heads looked up at the sound of the voice: JJ strode casually in, his voice gentle, dissipating the entire atmosphere and melting it away. Calley got up and nervously but gratefully shuffled over to his side whilst the receptionist explained what happened. JJ nodded on occasion to show he understood and after all was out in the open, he smiled. Calley felt her feet inching her body closer to him. \"Don't worry, ladies: I think I can help you here.\" \"Oh JJ, you have no idea how much I owe you.\" \"Please Calley, it's perfectly fine – you don't owe me anything.\" Calley snorted. \"Yes I do – wake up, JJ. It's not every day a boy just randomly decides to throw a cheque for $200 dollars at you.\" JJ shook his head again, patiently. \"Calley. I'm honest here, you don't have to do anything for me and you don't owe me anything. OK?\" Calley nodded but her knees knocked together from the relief. A shiver ran through her body – the sky had become greyer and darker, with smoky black clouds looming overhead and she'd forgotten how chilly it had gotten. Just then, Her phone buzzed in her pocket, prompting her to take it out and press the answer button. \"Sorry, JJ – hello?\" \" Oh my gosh, oh my gosh, Calley, where the hell are you?! I've been so worried!\" \"Charis, sl – slow down, will ya? Geez, I'm barely out of town and you go biting my head off about where I am. Just chill.\" \" It's getting late out – you should come home. I would come and get you but I don't know where you are and my car's – Oh. My. God. You have to listen to this, right? I was coming back from my manicure, and this little road-hog jerk on a motorcycle? He totally scratched my car. He made a scratch. On. My. Car! I do not believe it – Can you believe it? What kind of douche bag would make a scratch on MY car? Totally stupid, I know, right?\" Calley clicked the cell phone shut and mentally cursed herself for listening to Charisma rant. She also gave herself a reminder to beat Charisma down into the floor for not bailing her out before turning apologetically to JJ. \"Sorry about that.\" \"It's fine, fine.\" \"...Well, I guess I'd better get going, JJ.\" \"Okay.\" JJ turned towards his Sedan and watched Calley walk carefully towards the Beetle. His mind said she would be okay but his heart didn't. \"Hey, Calley!\" She looked back. \"If you, uh... need anything... let me know, 'kay?\" Calley felt a strange sensation in her chest, almost a fluttering before nodding and climbing into her car. Herbie clicked on the heat as soon as she sat down and, as she watched the Sedan pull away, she couldn't help but wonder. What did she feel just now? Security? Compassion? Or was it something more, some thing like... friendship? Herbie crooned at her. \"Herbie... I think something wonderful is happening...\" Herbie's crooning lowered a key and his headlights seemed to lower like eyelids. He then twisted up the front bumper in a smile and shook himself gently, but very suggestively. He kept up that soft, low crooning and eventually, Calley caught on. \"Herbie... just - no. I'm not even gonna answer that. No.\" The Beetle giggled childishly to himself as Calley started him up and the two set off for home. Welp, there we go - there's Chapter 4. I hope it satisfies the needs of the hungry readers and reviewers out there. *giggle* I'll try my hardest to get on here a little more often if I can. Oh, I also discovered a while ago that I'd been on FanFiction for a little over a year or two now. Go me. ^^ ","Summary":" Hello, all - I've decide that \"Hoshi no Senshi: A New Beginning\" is officially on hiatus/hold unt"},{"Movie":"While You Were Sleeping","Title":"After the wedding","Author":"BritishAlien","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7682254","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Jack's eyes traced the steps of the woman he loved as she ran from the room and out of sight. The family had watched as Peter was left at the altar and then turned to stare at him. In a very short space of time, the rest of his family had jumped from their seats and swarmed the altar. In that moment, he simply could not think about how this was affecting Peter and the rest of his family. There would be time to assess the damage when the dust settled. Time would tell as it always did with these things. He could only think about the woman who'd fled. Jack had to push his way through the crowd to reach the door. She was nowhere to be seen. Maybe she had run. Heck, he'd have run! The question was where had she run to? He alternated between running his fingers through his hair and resting his hands on his hips as he tried to think clearly. Then he had it. There was only one place Lucy would go.[Chapter 2] Lucy was running. She didn't dare to look behind her. The family she had wanted for so many years were back there, and she had hurt them so much. She had to get out now to minimise the pain she was causing those good people. It was a hard decision, but the right choice. She was running through the busy Chicago streets trying to thread her way through the post-New Year savings crowds. After running what felt like a marathon, she reached her block and slowed as she neared her block of flats. And there it was! Firmly nestled between the surrounding floors, the mere sight of her flat eased her fluttering heart. 'Hey, Lucy!' came a familiar voice. Lucy came to a stop, slipping slightly on the melted snow as she did so. She looked down at her feet, composing herself, before turning to see the friendly face of Joe Fusco Junior. 'Joe. Hi.' 'You okay? You look a little…er…upset.' He intimated. 'What 'appened? 'As that pretty guy been nasty to ya?' He sidled over, swaggering in his usual chilled out manner. His shirt front was wide open even during the midst of winter and it was so very Joe. 'No. No, it wasn't him. I'll be fine. It'll blow over in a week or two.' She smiled, but the wind chill was starting to creep into her system as the adrenalin of her run home began to calm down. She wanted to get inside and away from the world just for a while. 'Um…It's getting kinda cold, Joe. I'm gonna head on in, if that's okay?' 'Lucy, anythin's okay with me. An' if you need anythin' sortin' out, rememba I know karate.' He held his arms out as if to welcome coming applause. Lucy stifled a laugh as she knew that Joe was being completely sincere. She thanked him and headed to the door which led up to her flat. Every step closer was one away from the consequences of her actions. Lucy yanked the door open, aware that Joe Jr had turned away and was sauntering back to whatever business her unexpected arrival had interrupted. She ran up the stairs as fast as her steadily freezing legs would carry her. She rummaged around in her coat pocket to find the key to her flat, fumbled the lock of the door and stepped in to her sanctuary. She kicked her shoes from her tired feet, not caring where they landed; only hoping that they hadn't hit anything like a vase or the cat. She made her way carefully through the darkness towards the sofa. She fell back into the seat, feeling like she wanted to fall through it and into another world. A place where she could be free of the guilt of causing such pain to that dear family. To Peter, Ox, Midge, Mary, Elsie, Saul and… *KNOCK KNOCK* It was Joe, wasn't it? Just when Lucy didn't need someone encroaching on her struggle to deal with what she had just done and certainly not anybody wanting to try on her shoes wherever they were. Lucy picked up one of the couch pillows and screamed into it before composing whatever inner strength she had remaining to sit upright on the sofa. 'It's going to be fine. Just get over this and it'll be fine. Remember…keep cool and calm and try not to bite his head off. Right…calm…' She repeated this to herself as she neared the door. Her hand lingered on the door handle as she composed herself to fend off any of Joe's deductions. Right. Three, two, one… Lucy flung the door open. 'Joe, like I said…' But her voice gave out. Her hand dropped from the door handle and she stared into the eyes of the man in front of her. He was leaning against the doorframe with his hair flopping down in front of his face, like she had always liked it to do. His eyes sparkled in the cold and her heart warmed to him. Who else could it have been but Jack? The man she had wanted to be with since she ran from the wedding to his brother, but this wasn't the right time. She was still reeling from what she had done today and over the last few weeks. It was too soon. He should have stayed with his family and left her alone, but she was so glad that he was here, and she wanted him to stay. 'I thought I'd…' Jack stuttered. Now that he was stood in front of her, he realised that he didn't know what he was going to say. All he knew was that his overriding thought was that she loved him, and he needed to know what that meant. 'Wanted to make sure you'd gotten home safely.' Lucy suddenly realised that she'd been gaping at him since she'd laid eyes on him stood at her door. 'Can I come in?' he finally asked. After processing what he had just said, she stepped back and ushered him in. 'And why wouldn't I get home safely?' She enquired trying to project a sense of confidence that she simply didn't have. She watched his every step as he cautiously stepped in to her flat. 'Maybe you should be more concerned for Peter. Your brother.' 'Peter wasn't the one who ran from his own wedding and through the streets of Chicago in mid-winter…in a wedding dress.' He added. Lucy suddenly remembered that she was still in the dress. A memory of the day that would haunt her forever. 'Or at least I hope he didn't. Not again.' Jack joked, trying to lighten the mood. He watched as Lucy smirked a little and in that smile, he saw the woman he loved. 'So, what are you really doing here, Jack Callaghan?' Lucy asked accusingly, turning on Jack. He stood in the centre of the living room and felt like he was standing in a line up where no one else had bothered turning up. 'I wanted to give you the reason not to marry my brother.' Jack smiled shyly, thinking of the words she had used only a few evenings previously. He couldn't have given her an answer back then. He respected and loved his brother and the situation as it had been then. But now he could tell her the truth. He could tell her he loved her and had done since they met at the family home so long ago. 'No, Jack.' A silence fell. Jack stood somewhat taken aback. He hadn't expected much of a reply, but the sharpness of her response had caught him unaware. 'What?' Jack questioned. 'Why do you have to do this now? If you loved me, why couldn't you have told me a few nights ago before this whole thing blew up in my face?' Lucy's voice was rising. She didn't mean for it to do so. It was just the fact that she was standing in her wedding dress, listening to the brother of the man she was meant to marry tell her that he loved her less than an hour after she'd ran away. 'Because you were engaged to my brother.' 'Why did you think that?' 'I had no reason not to.' An excuse he'd used only days before when Mary had declared that Lucy had been pregnant. Of course, it had all turned out to be a lie. 'Lucy, what matters is that now I know the truth and I still love you for it.' Jack stared at Lucy. He did love her, more than he'd ever loved anybody before. He couldn't quite explain it. All he knew was that it felt wonderful and he knew that she would need some time. It was just that rejection always hurt, no matter the parameters. 'Don't do this.' Lucy looked down to the floor, anywhere but Jack's eyes which drew her in like a moth to a flame. 'If you loved me you wouldn't swoop in like this. I love you, but I can't let you do this and lose your family in the process. They're too precious! God Jack, we've talked about it often enough. You know what this could do to your family and I can't be responsible for that. Please, don't let me be the reason for tearing your family apart. I've hurt them enough already. ' Jack looked at her. She was right of course. Up until now, Jack hadn't focused on what would happen to his family, but in all the times he had spent with Lucy, he had discovered that family was the most precious thing in the world. He loved his family more than words could permit, but recently he'd been focussed on Lucy. He knew how much his family meant to Lucy. But now wasn't the time to ruminate. Jack looked once more into Lucy's eyes. They sparkled like diamonds even in her distressed state. He walked forward, leaning in, took her hand and kissed it. Then, not turning back, he left the apartment and walked back to his family, completely unaware that Lucy watched him until he stepped around the corner and out of sight. She loved him. She did so very much, but it couldn't happen like this. Not after the wedding. Now she wasn't sure if she'd ever see him again. Had the man she loved just walked out of her life forever? She'd never know. ","Summary":" Jack's eyes traced the steps of the woman he loved as she ran from the room and out of sight. The f"},{"Movie":"Aquamarine","Title":"Claire's wish","Author":"SurfandSnowRider","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4656384","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AQUAMARINE: WHATnHAPPENED WHEN CLAIRE GETS HER WISH Oknso those of you out there who haven't seen the movie, I suggest younwatch it before you read this, otherwise you'll be totally lostnand it will spoil it for you. (this is my first post and anyncriticism is welcome.) *n* * Itnwas the end of summer, me and Claire had met a mermaid namednAquamarine and she promised us a wish in three days if she foundnlove. Well now we just watched as Aquamarine was pushed into thenocean right in front of her boyfriend, right as he totally crushed nAqua. we rushed out to the bayou that she was desperately holding onnto, she had apparently not found love and her father was furious, andnto her, he was right. It seemed as if we weren't going to get ournwish after all, it seemed as though I really was moving away. Aquancried as she went over what happed and how she was unable to findnlove, it seemed like she had it, but it was to far out of her reach.nShe was about to leave when I thought of something, I lover her as anfriend, both me and Claire did, and as soon as I said that, Aqua'snfather stopped the storm and Clair was given her wish. I couldnfinally stay and we wouldn't have to move, we could all be friends,nme Claire and Aqua. \"SonClaire what's your wish? It could be anything you want. You name itnand ill grant it.\" said Aqua. Clairenhanging on to the bayou sat their going over everything she couldnwish for. \"Inwish for…a wish for both me and Hailey to have a wish.\" Aquanhad to think that one over, you could tell nobody ever wished thatnbefore. \"fine,nyou wish is my command though I'm not entirely sure ifntransposable, but you can try it out and see if it worked.\" Anwish of my very own! I had to think real hard on what I was going tonwish for, something all of us could enjoy, something that could keepnus together even if she didn't wish me to stay. \"wellnI wish that Hailey would stay here and live on the beach with us, andnthat her mom still got a marine biologists dream job here.\" Clairensaid as she closed her eyes real tight, \"Ok.nYou wished it I'll grant it.\" said Aqua. Inwas so happy, I just went up and hugged Claire. \"Nownyou and me can really be friends forever.\" I whispered into hernear. \"Haileynyou still have your wish.\" Aqua said swimming up to us. Inleaned in close to Claire and whispered in her ear. \"whatnif you and I were able to go and visit Aqua, what if we becamenmermaids that wouldn't grow tails when the sun set, what if wencould swim in the ocean with her. Now that you have overcome you fearnof water how cool would it be if you could never drown or worry aboutnsinking.\" Clairengave a worried look and whispered back: \"yeah,nbut wouldn't it be dangerous if anyone found out. What would happennif we were caught, we're dead meat then.\" \"nonone has to know, we'll only go out every once in a while, besidesnwe can wish that only when we want tonbecome mermaids will we turn into them, that way no one will evernfind out, and we can still go swimming, everything works out, and itnallows us to visit her.\" \"fine,nbut it's not my fault if we end up on one of your moms next bigndissection platters.\" Inturned to Aqua, as excited as ever and made the wish. \"Inwish that me and Claire were mermaids that only grew tails when wenwant and no time else, that means no growing tails after the sunsetsnor when we touch water.\" I said proud that I had made my wish downnto the last syllable \"yournwish is my command, though I have to warn you, the only time younhave no control is on the night of the full moon, I can't stop itnthere, and all the regular rules will apply.\" Bothnme and Claire looked at each other a little worried and not knowingnwhat to do. I had already made the wish so now we were stuck with it. Alrightnso this isn't the best, but if I get enough good responses, I'llncontinue into the next chapter.[Chapter 2] AQUAMARINE : WHATnHAPPENS WHAN CLAIRE GETS HER WISH: CHAPTER 2 Ifnyou haven't read chapter 1 I suggest you do so. It'll help unfollow the story, and if its off line tell me and I'll post itnagain. *n* * Oknso my wish wasn't the greatest, but hey, we had the power to becomenmermaids and to visit Aquamarine whenever we wanted. Me and Clairenwould also get to go to high school together, so in the end it wasnpretty much a win, win, lose situation. So ok there was only onendown to it, we grow tails when the full moon hits it, as far as I'mnconserved its no big deal, but Claire on the other hand wasn't asncontent. \"Incan't believe you made such a dumb wish!\" she said as she pacednback and forth in the rec. room. \"younneed to learn to lighten up. Come on its not that bad, once a month,nwe have the most amazing powers and your freaking out because of anonce a moth thing, seriously, chill.\" Obviouslynmy words had no effect on her what so ever, she continued on in herntizzy fit over the matter. \"whatnif I have something important going on, during the full moon, we'llnbe exposed!\" Nownshe was getting on my nerves. \"thenmoon usually doesn't rise till night, giving you enough time to getnhome, and it sets in the morning, we can practically sleep itnthrough. Seriously, chill.\" Clairenfinely stopped pacing, reliving me of my worry that she would wear anhole in the floor straight to china. \"allnright so it isn't that bad.\" she said \"yeah,nits awesome.\" Shenlooked at the calendar and gave a sad look. \"wenonly have two days of summer left. Than back to school\"\"*uhh* younjust ruined the moment, why do you always have to do that.\" shengave a warm smile, then looked up at the painting of the setting sun. \"Member,nyou said that the night Aqua came in, the night of that big storm.\" \"yeahnand as I recall your grandma scared us half to death.\" Intoo looked at the small picture, remembering that in the three daysnaqua was here our lives had changed for the better, she made life sonmuch more fun to live in the small Florida town. I thought of allnkinds of things we could do, then I came up with one. \"Inknow what we're going to do tomorrow.\" I said excited to go outnand try our new powers. \"what?\"nshe asked, a curios smile on her face. \"we'rengoing down to Aqua's home.\" Clairenjust looked at me as if was crazy. \"what?nOh no, your not dragging me down there, besides you don't knownwhere it is.\" she said proud that she was able to find a way outnof things. \" ohncome on, its close by, I'm sure of it.\" Inlooked out the window at the dark world outside, tomorrow I was goingndown there and no one was going to tell me other wise, I had my mindnmade up and nothing else was going to stop me. \"I'mngoing down there, but you don't have to come.\" I said slyly,nknowing she would probably come. \"fine,nbut your not going alone, I'm coming with you.\" she said. Wencradled in our sleeping bags and drifted off to sleep, excited of thennext days plans and seeing Aquamarine again. Se had helped change ournlives, and she proved to her under water world that love exists,nbesides, how bad could seeing an underwater place be. That wasnmistake number one. Ingo by responses so if I get more good ones then I'll continue.[Chapter 3] AQUAMARINE: WHATnHAPPENES WHEN CLAIRE GETS HER WISH: CHAPTER3 Dawnnbroke on the second to last day of summer, sending a ray of crimsonnacross the sky, and awaking me before my usual time. I sleepily wokenup to a snoring Claire, and a beautiful sun rise, but all beauty wasnmomentarily forgotten by the thought of seeing the underwaternAtlantis. I nudged Claire who was half sprawled across the bed. \"Claire!nWake up!\" I whispered Shenmoved a bit but was still fast asleep. \"Comenon we're going to go see Aqua today!\" I whispered even morenfiercely. Innudged her harder. \"Claire!…Yournhopeless.\" I shoved her, apparently too hard, and she fell rightnoff the bed. I rushed to the edge and looked over. \"Claire?\"nI called \"Arenyou still alive?\" Shengave a thumbs up from under an array of covers and bed sheets. \"ouch.\"nshe said in a muffled tone Shenslowly sat up and pushed the covers away. \"whatntime is it?\" she asked half asleep. \"5:45\"nI said Shengrabbed her pillow and put the covers over her head. \"Inthink your grandparents moved us back into your house.\" I saidntaking a full view of my surroundings. \"figuresnthey never like me to sleep in the rec. room.\" Shengot up and put all the covers back on the bed in one big heap. \"tellnme again why we're up so early?\" Claire asked yawning. \"Aquamarine?nAtlantis? Ring a bell?\" \"ohnyeah! So when are we going?\" \"Now.nWe'll leave a note for your grandparents saying we went out for thenday.\" Wenquickly dressed and ran outside straight toward the ocean . Our feetnin the water, we looked at each other not sure of ourselves. \"Maybenwe should practice in the pool first.\" Claire said. Inwas a worried about the whole thing, but agreed with her. \"fine,nthe pool first.\" Wenran over, and I dove in, with Claire slowly walking her way in, stillnshaky about the whole water thing. \"oknso just think about the tail and it will appear.\" I said, shuttingnmy eyes tight and thinking as hard as I could. Suddenly I submergednunder water, I opened my eyes and saw everything crystal clear, itnwas like I was wearing invisible goggles, but without the pressure ofnthem. I slowly began swimming around the pool, clumsily at first, butngradually getting better. My tail was like Aqua's except a richerndarker blue, it shone in the pool, and for a minute I forgot I wasnhuman, but Claire brought me back to reality. I popped my head out ofnthe pool and looked toward Claire who was closing her eyes andnsaying: \"comenon grow. grow tail.\" Shenwas trying her hardest but for some reason it wasn't working.nSuddenly her legs changed into a pinkish white tail. It was almostnpeach, yet it had a pinkish tone. \"Indid it!\" she said swimming around the pool. I submerged with her,nand together we swam around. \"heynClaire!\" I said as clear as if I was above water \"wencan talk!\" she said surprised \"ofncourse, how do you think Aqua talks to her dad? Really, your hearingnme through your mind\" I said \"wellnare we going to go?\" she said \"yeah,nlets go now.\" Wenthough of getting rid of our tails and instantly they disappeared. \"letsngo find Aqua.\" I said as we stood at the edged of the ocean. Wenheld hands and walked into the waves, then brought out our tails asnwe got deeper. Together we swam in the warm Florida ocean. Looking atnall the different fish and sea creatures. Together we swam deeper andndeeper, almost as fast as a speed boat. I looked out for Atlantis,nbut could not spot it. \"maybenI got to excited.\" I said to Claire. Suddenly,nI saw a large tall formation of what appeared to just be a shadow,nbut when I looked closer, I saw a huge castle like housing. It hadntwo perfectly round towers, and a large wall around it. It was a deepnblue, but turned the colors of the rainbow in the light. \"therenit is Claire. Atlantis.\" whennwe got closer, we saw small houses, kind of like the ones on land,nexcept these had flat tops, were mer-people sat lounging, orngardening, or mer-children played in the deep warm ocean. There werenlarge business buildings, and small shops, but none came close thenglory of the castle. Each building was also a pastel color. So thenwhole city shone in the caressing sun. the only problem was the largenbubble enclosing the whole city, and the two mean guards at thenentrance. I slowly swam up and greeted the two guards who were eyeingnus suspiciously. \"hi.nI'm Hailey and this is Claire, and if you don't mind, we'renhere to see…\" BeforenI could get anything else out, the guards handcuffed me and Claire,nand dragged us inside without a word. \"Haileynwhat's going to happen to us?\" Claire said Indidn't know what to say. We appeared to be going to be going tonunderwater jail and even I didn't know why. Talking to the guardsnwas mistake number two. Me and Claire were stuck in a foreign place,nwith no way out. Tellnme how this is, and the more you respond the more I'll Wright[Chapter 4] AQUAMARINE: WHAT HAPPENED WHEN CLAIRE GOT HER WISH: CHAPTER: 4 Alright everyone I'm so sorry I didn't get this story out sooner,nI've been busy with so many other one's that its hard tonconcentrate on this one, and I kind of forgot about it, but yournresponses sure did keep me going, so thanks to all you out there whonkept responding as I kept writing -Izzy Cooper Ps: try my poll and vote on what you think I should write next, thatnand you can now E-mail me directly I made my address availablentimeteam77 at yahoo * * * Inawoke to the small hint of light showing through the cracked door tonthe right of us. Claire was out cold, sleeping on the hard stonenfloor. That was the thing about her, she could sleep anywhere at justnabout anytime but dinner. I watched as she slowly stirred and begannto float in the water around her. \"MorningnClaire.\" Insaid as she slowly opened her eyes and took in her surroundings.nSuddenly she backed up against the bars to the left, and cried out innfear. \"Werenam I!?! What's going on?!?\" Shensaid pressed even harder against the wall. \"ChillnClairedy-cat, were still in the jail cell.\" Against the wall my words sounded dull and bland, but I really didnfeel bad for Claire. She sat down and lay against the hard stonenwall, a frown on her already worried face. \"WhatnIf we're stuck here for a long time? What if they forget we'reneven here and we live the rest of our lives under water?\" The through raced through my mind as I imagined us mermaids forever. \"Claire,nyou worry way too much. Don't forget Aqua is up there, and as soonnas she finds out we're down here, I'm sure we'll leave andneverything will be okay.\" Evennthough I tried to sound encouraging my words seemed to echo empty andnhopeless as if for some reason I knew we weren't getting out ofnhere. I tried to encourage myself with happy thoughts but no matternhow hard I tried I just couldn't seem to get the thought ofnoverhanging doom out of my mind. Suddenlynthe large steel door that led way into the dark narrow jail creakednopen as several rays of light shot into the dimness of the cell. Antall young merman with a sharp looking spear, and a face of utterngrimness came swimming into the hall. He took out a ring of shinynsilver keys and began to unlock the door. We both jumped up innexcitement and quickly hurried to the door thrilled that we werenfinally getting out of the terrible dump they called jail. \"thenone called Hailey is to proceed, the one called Claire is to staynhere.\" The merman's rough and almost enforcing voice rangnthroughout the walls. I looked up directly into his face. \"listen,nI know that only I am supposed to go, but I don't leave my friend,nno matter what. Besides, she'll freak out. You should've seennwhat she did at my pool party in 6th grade, when I wentnunderwater, and hid under a pile of inertubes.\" Thenmerman just looked confused as if he didn't know what to think ofnthis strange person. That and Claire was really steamed that Inactually told some one about the pool party accident, but hey, we'renat the bottom of the ocean, I doubt that this merman even understoodnhalf of what I was talking about. \"Inhave direct orders from the king himself. I am to only bring Hailey.\" Instood there hands folded and face dead set there was no way I wasnleaving this cell without Claire, that and who knows what wouldnhappen to either of us once we were separated. \"Listennshark boy, I told you it's double or nothing.\" Thenmerman turned bright red, and stamped his spear down. A ripple ofngold shone from it them crossed over me, in an instant, I turned backnto my human form, catching me off guard, and filling my mouth withnwater. I panicked and clawed forward. \"Hailey!\"nClaire sprang forward and tried to grab at the merman. \"Turnnher back!\" she yelled Inknew that if it was possible to show tears underwater, Clare'sncheeks would be streaming with them. How could this so called guardnbe so cruller, Claire was worried enough, why did he have to tormentnher more. \"fine!\"nI coughed through the water \"I'llngo.\" Instantly I changed back, and stood there gaping for breath my handnclutching my neck as I regained my position. The merman opened thendoor, and slowly, I followed him, leaving behind Claire, and goingninto an unknown world. On that now terrified me. Alrightnsend your responses in and tell me how your like this one, if younlike it I'll write on, but if you don't tell me and I'll changenit.[Chapter 5] AQUAMARIME: WHAT WOULD HAPPEN IF CLAIRE GOT HER WISH: CHAPTER:n5 Asnsoon as we had come out of the jail cell, the bright light of thennoon day sun had blinded me. We climb a few steps, and as soon as Ingot my vision back, I could see a magnificent courtyard entrance tonthe main palace. Large white columns almost twenty feet stoodnsupporting the sea colored roof top. In the center stood a largenstatue of what I assumed to be the king. He stood tall with his broadnshoulders and heavily muscled arms. In his right hand he held anbeautifully decorated spear, and in the other he held a large scrollnthat he seemed to be crushing with his large fingers. On his head henwore a coral crow, and the whole statue seemed to say 'I am king.nListen to my orders or perish.' I now knew why Aqua was sondetermined to prove him wrong. Behind me were two large golden gatesnthat seemed to tower above the whole town stretched below them. Wenswam up the snow white steps that led into the main greeting area.nThis room was filled with red seaweed carpets, and golden couchesnpadded with sea sponge. As the guard led me on we walked down a largenhallway, filled with fishing hooks, nets, and other human items.nFinally we came to the kings thrown room. It was a large marblednroom, with deep red seaweed carpets, crossed swords and spears, andnharpoons. There on the golden thrown sat the king. His blonde hairnresembled Aqua's, but instead of blue eyes, his were dark brown. Henseemed at least 6'5 if not bigger, and in his right hand was thenspear that I had seen in the statue before. \"Thengreat king, Oceanus the third.\" The young guard said giving a largenbow. Injust stood there, not exactly knowing what I should do. \"umm…nhi, I'm Hailey, is Aqua here?\" I said I a faint voice. As Inlistened to myself, I began to sound like Claire. I could hear herncalling me the Clairdy-cat \"SILENCE!\"nThe king's loud voice boomed as I echoed off the walls andnresounded in my ears. \"Inknow very well who you are! You are the one who helped my daughter innher rebellion! You filled her mid with senseless ideas and caused hernto fall in love with a blasted human! Then you have the audacity tonwish to become on of her own kind! You broke so many rules I don'tnknow were to start with your punishment!\" I was glad that I was behind the young guard. The kings eyes seemednto turn a bright crimson as he yelled at me. \"Wait just a minute. I helped your daughter not marry someone shendidn't even love. And we helped a mermaid, so we rightfully got anwish, and as far as I know, it's not against your rules. Me and mynbest friend Claire made friends with your daughter, and all we wantednwas for some way to visit her.\" My blood seemed to rise as I went on, but along with mine, so alsondid the kings rise. \"Fool!nHow dare you speak against me in my own palace for that you shallnpay! I will strip you of everything you hold dear, as by mermaid law!nBut before I make my final decree bring in the one called Claire.\" Withinna flash the young guard was gone, and soon he returned wit Claire,nwho after seeing the king didn't leave my side. \"Letnit be know, these two are to be stripped of all their humannabilities, made a permanent resident of the ocean, and Atlantis. Theynare to never see my daughter again, and they are to never be known asnfriends again. I shall take the one thing away from you that you twontreasurer the most, your friendship. Guards!\" he called in a loudnbooming voice and two other older guards came rushing in. \"seento it that these two never see each other again.\" Andnwith a wave of his spear, Oceanus removed our human powers, andnmotioned for the guards to take us away. \"Claire!\"nI called out as the young guard and an older one pulled me away fromnmy best friend. \"Hailey!nDon't let them do this! Please. Hailey!\" Claire called out as thendragged her through the door. \"Claire!\"nI called as the young guard pulled me through another door and outninto the court yard. I struggled and kicked as soon as the oldernguard left us alone. \"youncan't take me away!\" I said as I got free. I swam as fast as Incould but was no match. Soon the guard caught me, and handcuffed me.nWe swam through the streets of the town, farther and farther from thenpalace, down ally's and side streets until we came to a row ofnhouses, each with an ocean colored roof. He led me inside one ofnthem, and uncuffed me. \"Welcomento your new home. I am Sam, and will be making sure you stay put andnonly wander only within a 1 mile radius. Is there anything younrequest of.\" He said with a bow. \"Yeah.ntell your king I will find Hailey, and Aqua, and I'm going to leavenhere with my human powers. Got that shark boy.\" Allnhe did was bow and swim out of the house. Inbowed my head and buried it in my dark blue table. How could I havenbeen so dumb? I tried to keep our friendship, but instead, I did thenopposite. Some way I had to find Claire, but first I had to findnAqua, and tell her of all that happened. I was going to get out ofnhere, and I was going to be human again. No matter what. Tell me what you think. The more you respond, the more I write, alsonlook up my e-mail on chptr 4. it's a dot com address by the way[Chapter 6] AQUAMRINE: WHAT WOULD HAPPEN IF CLAIRE GOT HER WISH: CHAPTER:n6 Bynthe time I awoke, the bright full moon that reflected in the waternwas well over head, shinning down on the small part of town, andngiving a false sense of peace through out. \"Allnright Hailey, find Aqua, find Claire.\" I whispered under my breathnas I crept out of the measly shack the king dared call a suitablenliving space. Down the small street I went, getting closer and closernto the ever looming castle above. Down hidden alleys and through thennarrowest of streets, several feet away two mean looking guards pacednin the warm water. It really did look like the king was serious aboutnhaving her stay within the certain radius of her so called house. \"Incan do this.\" I said taking in a big gulp of air. Slowly I swam tonthe top of the white plastered house, and rested on the roof. Inpeeked over at the guards slowly pacing up and own the street. Rightnas both of them had their backs turned, I swam across to the othernroof top then back down to the semi worn cobble stone road. With onlynthe moon to guide me, I went strait to the castle gates, which Inswam over, and right into the main court yard. Up above in one of thentowers, a single light, broke the moon light waters. Up I swam to thenopen window, were Aquamarine sat on seaweed woven bed, combing outnher hair. \"Aqua.\"nI whispered through the window \"Aquamarine.\" Shenlooked up, and startled to see me, shot toward the window. \"Hailey?nWhat are you doing here?\" she asked curiously \"It'snClaire, we came to visit you, and you dad separated us. He called itna punishment, and I was lucky enough to even get this far.\" Angerednaqua grabbed her necklace, slipped it on, and went through thenwindow, right next to me. \"Inknew my dad was up to something, he's been acting really strangenlately, come on, I know were Claire is.\" She said swimming over thengate, and out into the town. I followed her through street afternstreet, until we came to an identical shack like house. Aqua openednthe door, and reveled a scared Claire, hunched in a corner. \"Claire!\"nI said swimming up to her. \"Letsngo home Claire. I said as she got up.\" Shenlooked up at me and smiled. \"Hailey,nI thought I was never going to see you again.\" Aquanled us through the door, after we had all properly greeted eachnother. \"Okay,nhere's your human powers back\" Aqua said as too out a smallntrident and pointed it at each of us. \"Aqua,nthanks.\" I said as I hugged her \"Yeah,nI don't know what we'd do without you.\" Claire said as she saidngood bye. \"I'mnsorry about my dad, and from now on, I'll be the one to visit younguys.\" She said handing each of us a mermaid necklace. \"Anytimenyou hold this, I'll come to you guys, so long as you're nearnwater, and the same goes for me. Their mermaid pagers kind of. Onlynreal mermaids get to wear them.\" Wenhugged aqua on last time, and said our goodbyes as we headed backntoward the main land. \"heynHails.\" Claire said as we reached the shore \"Yeah,nClaire.\" I said \"letsnstick with calling Aqua, instead of visiting her.\" She said a faintnsmile on her face. Fornthe first time, in what seemed like so long, I touched the cool wetnsand with my feet as we walked up to Clare's beach house. \"Yeah,nthe only adventure I'll ever take again is Co-Ed P.E. with you.\"nI said a faint laugh on my lips. \"Inagree.\" She said as we reached the Beach Club stairs. \"Hownare we going to explained this to our parents?\" She said. Great,none more adventure I had to deal with. \"Indon't know, all I want to do is lay in a dry bed for once.\" Clairenagreed as we went inside. Boy was it good to be home, and if therenwas one thing I knew, it was that I would be sticking to land for nownon, I had had enough excitement of the time. Besides, why go back,nwhen I had everything I could ask for on land. I was finally home,nand no one was going to stop me from staying there, not even the Kingnhimself. Tellnme what you think, and write me some reviews. I pretty much thinknthis is the ending at least for now ","Summary":" AQUAMARINE: WHATnHAPPENED WHEN CLAIRE GETS HER WISH Oknso those of you out there who haven't seen t"},{"Movie":"Herbie series","Title":"What happened?","Author":"Burnbee","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9852009","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Kevin we've got a problem.\" Maggie said standing in front of her bedroom. Kevin raised an eyebrow and maggie opened the door. Kevins jaw dropped. a boy was on Maggie's bed he looked about thirteen. he had white hair with blue and red streaks in it and the number 53 in it. he also had what looked to be a tattoo that said Herbie like Herbie's front license plate. he was shorter then Maggie and Kevin he went up to about Maggie's sholders. \"who is that?!\" Kevin ask. \"it's Herbie. his license plate turned into a tattoo.\" Maggie replied. the boy looked up from his lap and smiled waiving. he clicked his tongue once the closest thing he had to his horn. \"Maggie thats a person. must I remind you that Herbie is a hunk of junk car?\" Kevin ask. the boy got up and hit him with Maggie's bedroom door sending Maggie into fits of laughter. \"ouch!\" Kevin shouted. \"you shouldn't insult him. he's still the same Herbie but a different body.\" Maggie giggled. \"ok do you know who this happened?\" Kevin ask. Herbie shook his head. \"he's mute and he doesn't know how to spell.\" Maggie sighed. at her tone Herbie lowered his eye's and his smile fell. Maggie instantly felt bad but said nothing. yup. same old Herbie. Maggie thought. \"alright i know someone who can help us. doesn't live to far. we can walk.\" Kevin smiled. they started walking out. \"and Herbie?\" Kevin ask. Herbie looked up. \"sorry about the insult.\" Kevin added. Herbie smiled and nodded. \"so where are we going?\" Maggie ask. \"to my friend who's real name is Max.\" Kevin snickered. \"he knows sign language and if we ask i bet he'd teach Herbie.\" Kevin added. \"so we could talk to him?\" Maggie ask and Kevin nodded. Herbie cartwheeled in happiness causing the other two to laugh. they got to the door and Kevin knocked. \"hey Max!\" Kevin shouted. the door opened. \"MAX!WHO IS IT?!\" someone shouted. \"SHUT UP GRANDMA!hey Kev.\" Max smiled. \"you must be Maggie.\" Max said he and Maggie shook hands. \"why don't yall come in.\" Max said moving so the three could walk in. they sat on a couch. \"whats up?\" Max ask. \"you remember that beetle i race with right?\" Maggie ask. Max nodded. \"last night in the storms he changed.\" Maggie said pointing to Herbie. Max's jaw dropped. \"he's mute so we wondered if you would teach him sign language.\" Kevin added. Max nodded. \"yes of course!\" Max said. \"to my basement!\" Max announced. \"MAX!\" his grandma shouted. \"GRANDMA TAKE A NAP!\" Max shouted back. they got to the basement. \"alright you can leave him here and go home if you want.\" Max said. Herbie turned to Maggie with a begging look in his eye's. \"I have nothing else to do.\" Maggie said sitting down. Kevin shrugged and sat down beside her. \"techically we need to learn some too.\" Kevin said. Maggie agreed and they became silent. Herbie's POV I woke up this morning feeling strange. I looked around and realized i wasn't outside anymore. since when does Maggie's dad let me sleep inside? when did they get enough room for me to sleep inside? Maggie came down stairs and screamed. I was in clothing so i didn't know why she screamed. she grabed the lamp off the table beside her. \"who are you?!\" Maggie shouted. I opened my mouth to speak but nothing came out. she paused. \"can you speak?\" Maggie ask. I shook my head. \"whats your name?write it out.\" Maggie said pointing to a notebook and pencil on the table. I stared at them. \"you can spell right?\" Maggie ask. I shook my head. \"is there anyway for you to tell me your name?\" Maggie ask. I thought a moment. \"whats that on your arm?\" Maggie ask. she got closer and moved the white baggy t-shirt out of the way. her eye's widened. \"Herbie?\" Maggie ask. I nodded. she quickly ran over to the window and noticed I was telling the truth. what do we do now? I thought. \"Herbie?\" Maggie ask. I nodded again. \"but, how?! when?!\" Maggie exclaimed. I shrugged. Maggie sighed. \"alright come on.\" Maggie said. I tried to stand and almost fell over, but Maggie caught me. I smiled in thanks as she helpped me balance and walk. woah. she's got picture's of our races and my past. I thought in amazment. I wobbled over to her wall of picture's to look at them better while she called someone. when she hung up she walked over. \"hope you don't mind, i did a little research on you a while ago.\" Maggie said. I smiled and grabed a picture. it was me, , and her neice looked at. \"she was the one who had you last right?\" Maggie ask. I couldn't really remember so I shrugged. next thing i knew Kevin was taking us to a Max. No one's POV a few hours later Max had taught Herbie some sign language and now the three were waiting at Maggie's house for her father and brother to get home. \"Kevin stay here and wait.\" Maggie said. \"ok.\" Kevin replied. Maggied grabed Herbie's hand and led him to the hallway. \"stay here untill i come and get you.\" Maggie said. Herbie nodded and sat on the floor. Maggie walked back to Kevin just intime for the door to open. \"dad, Ray, Sally, we need to talk and don't worry it's probably not what you think.\" Maggie said. they all sat in the living room. \"Maggs, where's Herbie?\" Ray Jr. ask. Maggie sighed and she and Kevin began explaining. Ray Sr., her father, stared in shock. \"well where is he now?\" Sally ask. Maggie left the room and came back with Herbie. Herbie signed to them. \"he says hi.\" Maggie translated. \"he can't speak?\" Ray Jr. ask. Herbie shook his head no. \"where'd he learn sign language?\" Ray Sr. ask. \"from Kevins real friend named Max.\" Maggie snorted. Sally hugged Herbie. \"you are so adorable!\" Sally exclaimed. she let him go and Herbie blinked once. he then turned to Maggie and signed to her. Maggie and Kevin both burst out into laughter and Herbie giggled. \"what? what'd he say?\" Ray Sr. ask. \"nothing dad just, nothing.\" Maggie giggled. \"ok either you need to teach him to write or we need to learn sign language.\" Ray Jr. sighed. \"i planned on teaching him to read, write, and spell but sign language comes first.\" Maggie replied. Herbie turned toward her and clicked his tongue in question. \"well I figured sign language is more important but if you think you can handle it.\" Maggie shrugged. Herbie smirked signing and clicking his tongue. \"fine we start tomorrow.\" Maggie nodded. \"whats with the tongue clicking?\" Sally ask. \"we figure it's sort of like talking through his horn.\" Kevin replied. Herbie nodded. \"so how do we fix him?\" Sally ask. they all looked at Maggie. \"i did some searches and we need to find his previous owner.\" Maggie said. they all looked confused. \"who?\" Kevin ask. \"Mrs. Steinmetz.\" Maggie replied. Herbie nodded knowing if anyone could fix him, it was that sweet old lady. \"there's just one problem.\" Kevin said. \"where does she live?\" Kevin ask. Maggie sagged. Herbie thought a moment before jumping up and down and clicking his tongue. \"you know where she lives?\" Maggie ask. Herbie nodded yes. he begain signing to her. \"S-a-n, San, F-r-a-n-c-i-s-c-o, Francisco?\" Maggie ask. Herbie nodded. \"San Francisco?!\" Sally exclaimed. \"oh great he'll never get fixed now!\" Ray Jr. shouted. Maggie huffed and took off her hat. she swatted her brother with it and put it back on. \"stop being so negative!\" Maggie exclaimed. she looked to her dad and instantly he shook his head. \"no. it's not worth it Maggs.\" Ray Sr. stated. \"come on dad!\" Maggie shouted. \"your telling me that you don't want to help?\" Maggie ask. \"thats not what I said. I said it's not worth it.\" Ray Sr. replied pointing in Herbie's direction. Herbie's face instantly dropped and Ray Sr. realized his mistake. \"Herbie i didn't mean it like that.\" Ray Sr. said but he was already out the door. Ray Sr. went to go after him. \"no dad. you've done enough by calling him worthless and taking away his choice.\" Maggie said then went after Herbie. Herbie's POV I knew he didn't mean it the way he said it, but it stung. just because i'm a little car i've heard words like that most my life, but coming from one of the people from my family, it's worse. alot worse, you know that horrible feeling you get when you get a flat and your driver yells at you? yeah same feeling. \"Herbie!\" Maggie shouted. I looked up from where i was sitting on the ground by the garage. Maggie tackled me in a hug and i smiled slightly. she let me go then sat on the ground beside me. \"you do want to be a car again don't you?\" Maggie ask. I froze. all my life i've been a car and recently I found one of the best drivers in the world. now she's giving me a chance to stay like this of be myself? hmm...race or be normal...no thank you i'll stick with racing! I nodded my head and with a sigh shoved my face into her shoulder. she smiled and then messed my hair with her hand. I made a sound that, if i had been a car still, would have sounded like an irritated beep. Maggie laughed and i tackled her. \"Herbie!\" Maggie laughed as we went sprawling into the mud. if I were a car right now i would have used my back tires to fling mud on her but since i'm not i used my hands. i picked up a bunch and put it in her hair. the sound of a car pulling up caught our attention. Trip got out and walked towards us. I grawled while Maggie scold. we stood up from the mud. \"so just when i thought you couldn't prove how much more of a loser you are, you prove me wrong.\" Trip smirked. I grawled from deep in my chest, if i were a car right now it would have sounded like an angery engine rev. \"what happened to that bucket of bolts car of yours? did Bozo finally put out that APB?\" Trip ask. this time it was Maggie who grawled. Maggie's family came outside to see what was with all the noise. depending on vote's this maybe either Maggie x Kevin or Human Herbie x Maggie please vote in a PM.[Chapter 2] \"leave Herbie out of this jerk!\" Maggie huffed. Trip laughed and shoved her. Maggie fell backwards into the mud. I scold in anger and marched up to him. \"whats he gonna do? bite me?\" Trip laughed pointing to me. I pulled back my fist and punched him square in the nose. a satisfying crack letting me know I did it right. Trip grunted in pain holding his nose. \"that all you got shrimp?\" Trip ask. I smirked. I remembered something from a movie once. I flipped him off and the kicked my leg out and kicked him hard in the stomich. I grawled standing over him for effect, letting him know who was dominate here. before I could do anything else Maggie's dad and brother ran up. seeing that they had Trip taken care of I turned around and reached a hand out to Maggie. she smiled and took it. Maggie then begain to wipe the mud off her clothes. Kevin walked over and gave her a towel to wype the mud off her face with. we had almost forgotten Trip was there untill his next comment hit too close to home plate. \"stupid bug wasn't good for anything but scrape metal.\" Trip muttered. I froze breifly then grabed the water hose next to me and turned it on full blast. I sprayed Trip right in the face. then turned it down to spray me and Maggie off. I sprayed the mud off her as they took Trip away. then Maggie sprayed me down. my white hair flopped over my face as i was sprayed down and i grunted at it. once we were all clean of mud though, we were soaked and ice cold. Maggie had clothing to change into but I used to be car. good thing it's summer though! I dried pretty quickly. \"alright Herbie! i got some basic books and you are going to learn how to read and write!\" Maggie smiled. I smiled back. we sat down in her room on the floor and begain working. after a while i finally learned the 'alphabet' better then i knew it before! \"first things first. the most important thing to know how to spell is your name.\" Maggie said. she took a peice of paper and a pencil. \"H-e-r-b-i-e.\" Maggie said as she wrote the letters out. I tried but i couldn't hold the pencil right. Maggie laughed and took my hand over hers. she wote my name out letting me feel how it was done. then she helpped me hold it the right way. I slowly started to spell my name. \"thats it Herbie!\" Maggie smiled. a knock on the door drew both of our attention. her father stepped in. \"hows it going?\" Ray Sr. ask. \"great! he learns quick! he's learned the alphabet and how to spell his name!\" Maggie smiled. Ray Sr. smiled and put down two slices of pepperoni pizza. \"good luck.\" Ray Sr. said then left us to our work. by the time we were done I could spell all the words in a dictionary and make full sentences, but i was tired. I remember curling up on the couch. when i was almost asleep i felt someone lay a blanket over me and i curled up tighter. \"good night Herb.\" Maggie said and walked upstairs. *hours later* I was awakened by a loud noise. \"dude!don't throw a rock to break a window! what if they're home?\" someone hissed in a whisper. I got up quietly and grabed the bat Maggie had told me was hidden just incase. I wrote a message quickly and took it to Maggie's room. I woke her quietly and gave her the note. I put a finger to my lips and hefted the bat onto my shoulder while she called the police. being mute helpped me be as quiet as possible. I stood on a chair and dropped the bat hard on the first one's head. the second attacked me. he punched my jaw and hit me with a gun but this is nothing compared to getting the crap rammed out of you by cars. I had blood dripping from my nose and forehead. he hit me again and I stumbled I almost fell untill Maggie came down stairs. the guy grabbed her around the neck and put the gun to her head. I signed to Maggie. \"hey! stop that what are you saying?!\" the man shouted pointing the gun at me. I pointed to my throat. \"he can't speak. he's saying don't hurt me.\" Maggie said. the man grunted not really believing. he's smart, but i'm smarter. I signed to Maggie again. \"what's he saying now?!\" the man ordered. \"he's asking what you want.\" Maggie said. \"that true?\" the man hissed. I nodded and Maggie took the signal. she elbowed him in the stomich and bit his hand. he dropped the gun and i hit him hard with the bat. he dropped and I wyped some blood from my nose. I saw flashing sirens and grunt as i picked up the criminals. I dropped them outside infront of the cops. \"ON YOUR KNEE'S NOW! PUT YOUR HANDS BEHIND YOUR HEAD!\" a cop shouted. I was surprized but I did as told. \"whats your name?\" another cop shouted. I didn't anwser I couldn't. \"whats your name?!\" he shouted again. Maggie ran out. \"stop! he's mute! \" Maggie shouted running. \"stop! stop it! he lives here!\" Maggie shouted. she stood infront of me. i'd protected her now she was protecting me. my hands twitched and I flinched. \"lower you weapons!\" the first cop shouted. everyone lowered their guns. \"Herbs, you can get up now.\" Maggie told me, but I didn't move. \"Herbie you can get up now.\" Maggie repeated. I stayed on my knee's looking at the cops looking unsure, scared even. I flinched again as a cop walked closer. \"kid you can get up. come on.\" a new cop said. he reached a hand down to help me up. I looked at it a moment but took it and he pulled me to my feet. \"take him over there to get check out.\" he told Maggie. she nodded and led me towards the ambulance. Maggie's dad and brother came out. \"Maggs! is everyone ok?\" Ray Sr. ask. Maggie nodded and explained what happened. they cast a glance over to me while the paramedics tried to stop the bleeding. my nose wasn't broken just bleeding and i had a huge gash on my head thanks to the butt of the gun. Maggie walked back over. \"is he ok?\" Maggie ask. the woman nodded turning around. the name Kady on her name tag. \"he'll be just fine.\" Kady smiled at Maggie. then turned to me. \"but next time kid, leave it to the cops.\" Kady joked. I smiled sheepishly and nodded. soon everyone cleared and we went back inside to sleep. Maggie sat beside me on the couch \"thank you Herbie.\" Maggie said. I turned to her giving her a questioning click of my tongue. \"you saved me and my family.\" Maggie replied. she hugged me briefly then went up to bed. I smiled and curled up on the couch again. *next morning* we got up, they packed some of their things, we loaded up, and left. me, Maggie, and Maggie's father were all in his truck. Maggie's brother, Kevin, and Sally were in her car. I sat quietly in the backseat not intirely comfortable about being in a car for once instead of being the car. Maggie turned around in her seat to look at me. her smile slid from her face and was replaced with worry. \"Herbs, you ok?\" Maggie ask. Ray Sr. looked up in the mirror. \"yeah you don't look all that good.\" Ray Sr. said. Maggie thought something. \"thats right! dad roll down the window!\" Maggie exclaimed. Ray Sr. did so but he was confused. \"he's never been in a car.\" Maggie answered the unask question. the green color slowly faded after a while and i leand back in my seat. we pulled over for gas. \"alright i'll get gas. you two get out and stretch.\" Ray Sr. said. I got out and wabbled. I instantly braced my hands on my knee's and threw up. \"i'll go get him a sprite.\" Kevin said. Maggie helpped me back into the truck. I grunted and Maggie looked at me. I took her hand and wrote letters on it. \"uh, how far is it?\" Maggie ask. I nodded. \"well from Texas to San Francisco is about 23 hours or so we'll say a day. you'll probably want to sleep most of the time to keep from getting sick.\" Maggie said. Kevin came up and brought her a sprite. \"here this should help.\" Kevin said. Maggie nodded and took it. \"thanks Kev. here Herbie.\" Maggie said. I took the green bottle but didn't drink the liquid. I remember one time some little kid had this drink in me and spilt it. it was sticky! took Nicole three weeks to get it out. Maggie smiled at me and closed the door. \"whats up with Herbie?\" Kevin ask. \"he's car sick.\" Maggie said. *3 hours later* \"Herbie. Herbie wake up.\" Maggie said. I slowly sat up and half glared at her. Maggie laughed. \"here we stopped for food. didn't know what you'd eat so we got you some fries.\" Maggie said handing them to me. they smelt revolting and i wasn't really hungry so i left them in their box and set them by my drink. I took a drink of the sprite and sat it back down. I looked out the window and pulled out my notebook. I tapped Maggie on the shoulder. this place looks familar where are we? \"um, dad where are we?\" Maggie ask. \"Ciudad Juarez.\" Ray Sr. replied. Maggie raised an eye brow. \"where's that?\" Maggie ask.[Chapter 3] \"New Mexico.\" Ray Sr. replied. I took my notebook back and nodded. I curled up in the backseat ready to go back to sleep when Ray Sr. slammed on his brakes. I slammed into his seat then fell on the ground I groaned. Maggie and her father were jerked back by their seat belts. Maggie hissed and her dad grunted. \"dad you ok?\" Maggie ask. \"yeah. just fine. you?\" Ray Sr. ask. \"i'm good.\" Maggie said. she turned to face me. \"Herbie you ok?\" Maggie ask. I grabed my note book. I wrote in it and handed it to her. who's the wise guy who didn't put seat belts in the back? Maggie laughed as I climbed back into my seat. \"i don't know buddy, but dad why did you stop?\" Maggie ask as she gave me my notebook back. \"some jerk pulled out in front of me.\" Ray Sr. replied. Maggie nodded. \"how you feeling Herbie?\" Ray Sr. ask. I gave him a thumbs up. I curled up again to sleep. *hours later* I woke up and it was dark. Maggie was asleep in the passanger seat but Ray Sr. wasn't in the car. I looked around for what had woken me up and found nothing. Maggie rolled over in her sleep and mumbled something. one of my favorite things to do as a car, have Maggie sleep in my backseat. to feel Maggie curl up and cuddle into my backseat, to know Maggie's close and not out there by herself, just makes me feel great! important almost. then something flashed outside and an explosion? I jumped and looked around scared as rain poured outside. Maggie would spend countless time with me when it stormed. i'm afraid of the thunder and lightning I believe Maggie called it. another loud crash had me jumping and falling backwards causing a loud noise. I groaned and whimpered slightly. \"huh what?\" Maggie ask jumping awake. she rubbed her eye's and looked around. \"Herbs?\" Maggie ask. I shaklie peaked over the backseats. Maggie smiled softly and climbed into the backseat. \"oh, Herbie. come on Herb, it's ok.\" Maggie said softly. she took my hand and helpped me climb back over the seats. I whimpered pathetically when it thundered again and scrambled closer to Maggie when the lightning flashed. So much for I protect her... if there was anything I am more afraid of then a junk yard or used car lot, i'd have to be thunder. Maggie pulled me into a hug, running her fingers through my hair comfortingly. I curled closer to her I shaklie took my hand and wrote on her leg with my finger. \"where are we?\" Maggie ask. I nodded. \"outside a hotel. We didn't want to wake you and I knew it was going to storm so the others are in a hotel room.\" Maggie replied. I smiled at Maggie. I jumped and clung to Maggie digging my face into her clothing shaking badly. \"shhh. it's ok Herbie. it's just a little thunder.\" Maggie cooed. I curled up tighter. I'd told Maggie the story of why i was afraid of storms before the best i could, and she understood completely-ish. when I had just got my first owner, he left me outside in a storm where i was struck by the lightning. thunder just scared me because it was like a warning for lightning. I haven't liked storms since. \"it's alright Herbie, come on lets get some sleep.\" Maggie smiled. I nodded and she adjusted herself so we could both sleep in the backseat. I wrote on her leg and heard her chuckle. \"and good night to you Herbie.\" Maggie giggled. we snuggled closer together and went to sleep. *next morning* we woke early and Maggie went back to her seat. we rested for a little while longer before the others came out. \"oh! California!\" Maggie exclaimed. I quickly wrote it down. \"how many plates is that Herbie?\" Ray Sr. ask. I showed Maggie. \"35 so far.\" Maggie said. I took a bite of my chocolate bar Maggie got me for breakfast. I am not a fan of chocolate, but it was this or raisins. for some reason the chocolate tasted good, of course not eating since that peice of pizza while learning to spell probably has something to do with this. I snapped my fingers and wrote down another plate as a car passed by quickly. \"did you really see that plate?\" Ray Sr. ask surprized. \"dad he's a human turned race car, of course he can see it.\" Maggie laughed. she turned to face me. \"what did you get Herbs?\" Maggie ask. I signed to her. \"Ohio thats a good one.\" Maggie added. I nodded. my eye's widened as a car passed by going way over the speed limit but i still caught the plate. I wrote it down and tapped Maggie. \"whoa! New York!\" Maggie exclaimed. Ray Sr. laughed. \"alright i'm stopping here for gas, you guy's get out an streach.\" Ray Sr. said. Maggie and I got out and stood aside where Kevin and Ray Jr met up with us. \"so how many did you guys get?\" Ray Jr. ask. \"37 and you?\" Maggie ask. \"15.\" Kevin frowned. \"somebody wouldn't stop try to put my pencil up his nose.\" Kevin huffed glaring at Ray Jr. I made a disgusted face. \"hey I wanted to know how far up my brain was.\" Ray Jr. shrugged. I wrote down in my notebook and gave it to Maggie. He has a brain? Maggie started laughing. \"Herbie thats mean!\" Maggie laughed. I started laughing too. we ended up leaning on each other we were laughing so hard. once we calmed down Kevin and Ray Jr. were staring at us. Maggie giggled and I awkwardly cleared my throat looking anywhere but them. \"whats that all about?\" Kevin ask. I snorted and showed him he laughed. Ray Jr. blankly stared at us. \"what was it?\" Ray Jr. ask. we all instantly split up and walked off. \"hey! come on what was it?\" Ray Jr. ask again. \"alright everyone load up!\" Sally shouted. we climbed back into the cars we belonged in and we took off again. Maggie plugged up her Ipod and turned on some music. California... knows how to party California... knows how to party In the citaaay of L.A. In the citaaay of good ol' Watts In the citaaay, the city of Compton We keep it rockin! We keep it rockin! \"no Maggie no rap.\" Ray Sr. replied. \"awe common dad.\" Maggie huffed. she grumbled and changed the song. These tricks that I'll attempt will blow your mind Pick a verse, any verse, I'll hypnotise you with every line I'll need a volunteer, how about you, with the eyes? Come on down to the front, and stand right here and don't be shy I'll have you time-travellin', have your mind babblin' Maggie started singing it. I rolled my eye's and tapped my foot to the beat happy to enjoy a song I know. \"I got the magic in me, Every time I touch that track it turns into gold. Everybody knows I've got the magic in me! When I hit the floor the girls come snappin' at me! Now everybody wants some presto!\" Maggie laughed. Ray Sr. leaned over and turned the radio off. I smiled and started thinking about a secret I was keeping. I have a secret but it's stupid. I want to show Maggie because I know she would freak. besides how does one tell another a secret like mine if they can't talk? but what if I could talk, but my brain just doesn't know how? it takes small children years to learn to talk but i only have a few days, maybe if i work at i could talk. I'll try later . I smiled to myself and relaxed into the seat. I looked at Maggie when she tapped my leg and remembered another secret I was keeping. I cleared my throat and looked at her. \"I said, what do you think about this town?\" Maggie laughed. I looked around and slowly a smile crept over my face. I wrote something down and gave my notebook to Maggie. year 1972, Tennessee Steinmetz! I still don't remember much about that year, but in 1973 Tennessee gave me over to his grandmother Mrs. Steinmetz! \"whoa really?\" Maggie ask. I nodded a huge grin on my face. \"your really happy to see her again arn't you?\" Maggie ask. I nodded and handed her my notebook. It's been years! 1977 to 2013! i've missed her! \"well i'm sure she's missed you too, but don't be put out if she doesn't believe it's you at first.\" Maggie said. I nodded. this means I get to repay Mr. Willoughby for that kick in the tire! with a kick in the knee! Maggie and Mrs. Steinmetz wont approve but Nicole would laugh! \"so can you tell us anything about Mrs. Steinmetz?\" Ray Sr. ask. I wrote down in the notebook and gave it to Maggie. \"Mrs. Steinmetz got me from her nephew Tennessee Steinmetz in 1973. in 1974 destroyed the town for a mall or other shoping center. he needed her firehouse gone but her neice Nicole wouldn't allow it. Nicole moved in after Hawk destroyed the place where she lived. Hawk sent his nephew Willoughby Whitfield to talk her out but Nicole punched him. he didn't believe me about being alive so Nicole and I took him for a drive. he insulted me and then apologuised but insulted Nicole. Nicole let him drive where he insulted me again and not even an apology stopped me. long story short Nicole married Willoughby and Hawk was never heard from again.\" Maggie read. \"thats impressive, but i sence a chunk missing.\" Ray Sr. said. I took the notebook back and wrote in it. \"Nicole, Willoughby and Mrs. Steinmetz can explain the rest. I forgot most of it.\" Maggie read. \"alright then. does Hawk have a first name?\" Ray Sr. ask. I shrugged and wrote in the notebook. \"he stole me once, but I threw him out and drove home.\" Maggie replied. she giggled and gave me my notebook back. I smiled and leaned back in my seat. *a day later fire house* we finally arrived at the fire house. I instantly opened the door to the back seat and got out. I got out to quickly and fell on my face. \"good job Herbie.\" Maggie laughed helpping me up. I rolled my eye's and wiped myself off. \"you two go on. i'll be right here.\" Ray Sr. said. we walked up to the door but before Maggie could knock I ran over and hugged old 22 then walked over and knocked on the door. the wind blew my red and blue striped white t-shirt, we'd painted a 53 on. Nicole answered the door and I hugged her tightly. \"excuse me, who are you?\" Nicole ask. Maggie sighed. \"you don't know me, but i'm Maggie and this, this is Herbie.\" Maggie replied. I stepped back and smiled at her. Nicole cleared her throat and moved away from the door. \"perhaps you should come in and explain.\" Nicole said. \"ok but first, is Mrs. Steinmetz home?\" Maggie ask. \"yes she is.\" Nicole replied as we walked in. we sat down and they talked. \"Nicole, who's here?\" Mrs. Steinmetz ask. I didn't instantly jump up to hug her, I didn't want to hurt her. \"grandma come here please!\" Nicole replied. she walked into the room. \"visitors?\" Mrs. Steinmetz ask. Maggie and I stood. \"hello ma'am. i'm Maggie.\" Maggie said shaking her hand. \" and this is-\"Maggie started. \"Herbie?\" Mrs. Steinmetz ask. I decided to try and speak. Kevin had helpped me learn a few words but we told no one. \"yes.\"I replied. Maggie and Nicole stared.[Chapter 4] \"I thought he was mute.\" Nicole said. \"so did we. I guess he just didn't know how to talk, so thats where Kev went.\" Maggie smiled. I nodded and hugged Mrs. Steinmetz. everyone went silent as I stepped back. I opened my mouth. \"time to explain?\" I ask. ok that was not what I was trying to say! thank you very much! \"I agree Herbie.\" Maggie said. we sat down and Maggie explained most of it. I said a few things here and there but I don't know how to say many words. \"well Herbie have you tried thinking hard about being a car again? maybe it's just a simple mind over matter.\" Mrs. Steinmetz said. I thought a moment. \"no, havent.\" I replied. I closed my eyes and started thinking about being a race car again. when I opened them again I was me again! \"Herbie! your normal again!\" Maggie laughed. I beeped twice before I turned human again. I looked at my hands then to Nicole and Mrs. Steinmetz. I hugged them both and then Mr. Willoughby walked in. before he could say anything I kicked him in the knee. \"aw!\" Willoughby shouted. I laughed and so did Nicole. \"what?\" Willoughby ask. \"who are you?\" Willoughby ask. \"Herbie!\" I replied. I shifted to car form to prove it. \"ha! it really is you! but why did you kick me?\" Willoughby ask. I shifted back to human form. \"that for kick my tire!\" I replied. Willoughby thought for a moment then remembered. \"alright fair enough I guess.\" Willoughby huffed. \"Herbie we really must get going to the hotel.\" Maggie said. I nodded. \"we'll come back tomorrow.\" I said happy I got a complete sentence out. we left for the hotel. *hotel* we pulled up and got out of Ray's truck. we checked into their rooms and found the others. we gathered in Maggie and Sally's room. \"so Herbie how'd you like seeing them again?\" Sally ask. instead of useing a notebook I broke the news to everyone. \"I loved it!\" I said. Kevin smirked happy to be of help. \"he started doing that earlier.\" Maggie said. \"so you can talk now?\" Ray Jr. ask. I made a so-so motion with my hand. \"he's learning to talk. he knows alot of words but not all words.\" Kevin spoke. \"Kevin help.\" I said. I hated how much I sounded like a four year old some times but I couldn't help it. \"thats great! so do we get to meet them?\" Ray Sr. ask. I nodded. \"tomorrow at park.\" I replied. \"great what time?\" Sally ask. I made a half grunt half whine and looked at Maggie. \"about 10 o'clock.\" Maggie said. \"so do they know how to fix you Herbie?\" Sally ask. I smiled the moment i've been waiting for. \"already did.\" I replied. I stepped back and shifted back into a car then back into a human. \"so thats why we didn't need an extra room.\" Ray Sr. mused. I nodded. \"I sleep out side.\" I agreed. I waived at them all befor Maggie and I walked outside. \" will park side truck. easy to find me.\" I said. Maggie nodded understanding my strange childish talk. I transformed back into my car form and settled in. \"good night Herbie.\" Maggie said. I lifted my front bumper in a smile and beeped. she laughed patted my hood and walked back inside. I watched her untill she was in the room. I didn't sleep untill the lights in both rooms were out. I settled in and fell asleep. *hours later* I was awakened by someone jerking my door opened. I saw it wasn's Maggie and instantly started beeping my horn. their room lights went on and Maggie ran out. \"hey! thats my car!\" Maggie shouted. who ever it was didn't listen he just got in and tried to drive off. I let him back up but when he went to turn I flung open my door and turned sharply flinging him out. I slammed my door and drove back up to Maggie and her family. all but Maggie were still sleepy. I drove silently to cover and went back into human form. I grawled and went back over. I stood protectively infront of the family. \"what do you want?\" I ask. who ever it was grunted and stood but said nothing. bracing a hand against Ray's truck. Maggie caught a look in my eye. \"whats wrong?\" Maggie whispered. \"his form... is familer.\" I replied. \"how?\" Maggie ask. \"like,\" I started. after a moment I remembered. \"like Hawk.\" I gasp. \"Hawk?!\" Maggie gasp softly. I nodded and stepped closer. \"Hawk! speak now! what do you want?!\" I shouted. the man I assumed to be Hawk let out a chuckle and ran off. I knew I could cetch him but I let him go. \"Herbie are you ok?\" Maggie ask. I shook my head. \"call police. I need to go check on Mrs. Steinmetz.\" I said. \"well need you in car form here.\" Ray Sr. replied. \"then call police when I get back. must go see Mrs. Steinmetz is fine.\" I said. I turned back into a car. \"i'm calling the police. he touched the truck.\" Kevin said. \"Herbie i'm coming with you.\" Maggie said. instead of arguing I popped my driver seat door open and waited for her to get in. the moment she buckled up I took off. *firehouse* when we arrived Maggie got out and I quickly changed back into a human. I ran over and knocked on the door. Nicole answered and I tackled her in a hug. \"Herbie?! Maggie?! what's wrong?!\" Nicole exclaimed hugging me back. \"Hawk! he tried to steal Herbie in his car form!\" Maggie exclaimed. \"had to make sure safe!\" I shouted. \"alright it's ok. we are all safe.\" Nicole said. *next morning* I hadn't slept a wink last night I couldn't. I stayed up and watched for Hawk. what caught my attention was Kevin and Maggie kissing the next morning. \"not something I wanted to see...\" I muttered looking away. Kevin and Maggie laughed and Kevin messed with my hair. I huffed and slapped his hand away. \"alright whose riding with who?\" Sally ask. \"i'm driving.\" I said. \"i'll ride with Herbie.\" Maggie said. \"i'm riding with dad.\" Ray Jr. said. \"well, i'll ride with Sally then.\" Kevin said. we ate breakfast and left. *park* on the way to the park I blew a tire and we ended up riding with Ray Sr. in his truck. once we all got to the park we waited a bit but Maggie, Kevin, and I decided to go get my tire fixed. *autoshop* we got across the road and almost to the building. I was just about to change into my car form when Maggie stopped walking. \"damn it my keys to the truck are in dads truck!\"Maggie shouted. Kevin laughed. \"i'll get them!\"Kevin said. he went to cross the street and I gasp. \"KEVIN!\"I shouted, but Trip had already hit him. it was an accident. I know it, Trip knows it, Maggie knows it but we all paniced. Maggie called 911 while I ran over to Kevin and check for a pulse. I could feel a small one and I instantly started to panic more. this would be the first real death i've ever seen and it had me scared. \"i don't know!Herbie is he still breathing?!\"Maggie shouted. \"barley!\"I replied. I turned to Trip.\"go get Maggie's dad. he's down the street at the park. go now!\"I shouted. Trip took off running quickly. \"just send help!\"Maggie shouted into the phone. \"please send help!\" Maggie begged. \"Kevin! Kevin! open your eye's Kevin! look at me! just stay awake!\"I shouted. Kevin wouldn't say awake. I tried everything I could. I knew his blood was on me. my shirt wasn't white anymore is was dripping red. my hands were covered trying to stop the bleeding. *hospital* we sat on a bench. Maggie in between us both and Trip of to the side. Maggie was looking down at her lap leaning into my side. my arm was around her in a half hug. we thought we were prepared for anything, but when the doctor came out and shook his head everything was slow motion. \"no!\"Maggie shouted jumping up. she ran over to Trip and slapped him.\"you killed him! you bastard! you killed him!\"Maggie shouted in his face. I calmly and carefully pulled her away from Trip. she punched me a few times in the chest but eventually started sobbing into it. \"it was an accident! I swear! I didn't see him untill i'd hit him!\" Trip exclaimed. I glared at him. \"don't even think of going any where. the police are going to question you.\" I growled. he quietly nodded and sat back down. he didn't say another word untill the police talked to him. once they were done they walked over to me and Maggie. we told them our part of the story and they were just about to leave when they noticed my clothes. Kady was there apparently she saw it on tv and was flown over. \"your coved in blood.\" Kady said. I nodded. \"was trying to save him.\" I said. Kady smiled. \"so you can speak now?\" Kady ask. I nodded again. \"this is going to be a little awkward but we, uh, need your shirt.\" Kady said. I stepped away from Maggie and took off my shirt. I handed it to her. \"thats not awkward. it's only awkward if you need my pants because i'm keeping these.\" I replied. I heard Maggie choke of her laughter. Kady laughed too.[Chapter 5] \"then this is awkward because those have his blood on them.\" Kady said. I looked down and frowned she was right. \"I don't have clothes to change into.\" I said awkwardly. Kady made a face while I heard Maggie giggle softly. \"if you've got a few minutes I'll go get some clothes for him.\" Sally said. Kady nodded and they checked the tags on my clothes. I stood stalk still untill they were finished. \"alright i'll be back in at least twenty minutes.\" Sally nodded. she walked off. I sat down beside Maggie I could see her still crying. the doctor came back out. Dj written clearly on his nametag. \"I'm sorry to say this, but you should all be happy that car accident killed him.\" Dj said. Maggie and I glared at him and he signed. \" so I guess you didn't know so he probably didn't know.\" Dj sighed. \"what?\" I ask. \"the boy-\" Dj started. \"Kevin.\" Maggie snarled. Dj nodded. \"Kevin, was dying of occupational lung disease. most likely from working in a car garage or textile factory can expose a person to hazardous chemicals, dusts, and fibers.\" Dj said. \"he was dying because of his favorite thing in the world? not to mention his job?\" Maggie ask. \"indeed.\" Dj said. \"it's a slow and very painful death, even though this sped up killing him, he doesn't suffer the undeniable pain of the disease.\" Dj said. \"how can you say it's better?\" I ask. the doctor looked at me he gave me a funny look and sighed. \"my brother died of occupational lung disease. I was only eight the year he acually died. he begged for someone to kill him and get it over with.\" the doctor replied. I made in 'oh' face and looked at the ground. \"uh, sorry.\" I said. he flashed a small smile and turned to Maggie's dad. I looked at Maggie and she looked to upset for my liking. \"is it just me or is it cold in here?\" I ask Maggie. Maggie looked at me from the corner of her eye and snorted. \"it's just you Herbie.\" Maggie replied. \"why is it cold?\" I ask. \"couldn't have anything to do with the fact you don't have a shirt on could it?\" Maggie ask slightly annoyed. \"oh, right.\" I replied. I looked at the ground and didn't say anything untill Sally brought me some clothes. I changed and gave my ruined clothing to Kady. I had black and white tennis shoe's, a baggy dark blue superman shirt, and some baggy camo pants. I had to hold my pants up so I prefured to sit. \"oh! I also got a belt. for those. your not the easiest person to by clothing for.\" Sally said raising an eyebrow. I shrugged as she gave me the belt. I rolled my eye's when I saw the 53 on the belt in blue, red, and black while the belt itself was white. *a week later* we went back home thought it didn't feel like home now, more like a prison. Maggie didn't talk to anyone. she slept in my car form. I made sure to leave my heater on. she cried a lot and honestly when she was gone for hours at a time, I myself, would cry because seeing her in so much pain caused me more pain then ever. I'd tried to race with her yesterday but she screamed and shouted and cried. I stopped and she got out she kicked my door hard and it dented. she kicked my tires and screamed at me, then she ran home. I didn't go back I transformed into my human form. I stayed at Kevin's shop and didn the one thing I never had been able or allowed to do. I sobbed, I screamed at the walls and cars, and I punched the walls. my fists were bleeding so I screamed and shouted more. it started raining but I didn't care. I stood dripping wet hair in my face looking at myself in an old car window. \"this is all your fault!\" I screamed at myself. \"your an idiot! she and Kevin used to race and you tried to race with her! ARE YOU STUPID?!\" I shouted. I glared angerly at myself then punched the window. my fist went straight through. I pulled my fist back and screamed in agony and grief. I jumped when a hand landed on my shoulder. I turned around. Maggie looked at my hand and dragged my into Kevin's shop. she grabed a first aid kit off a shelf and started bandage my hand. when she finished I stared at the ground and went to get up but she stopped me. \"Herbie, i'm sorry.\" Maggie said. I shook my head. \"like Nicole always says, the female is always right and whenever she acts violently the person probably deserved it.\" I replied. I scrambled for other things to say. I stuttered and stumbled for something to say. I apologuised and everything I stopped when Maggie hugged me tightly. I slowly wrapped my arms around her in a hug. when we stepped back Maggie grabed my shoulders. \"i'll make a deal. we help each other get over Kevins death. we get someone to get that dent out of your door and we try to kick ass in the race we qualified for a month ago.\" Maggie said. I nodded. \"whens the race?\" I ask. \"two days.\" Maggie replied. I nodded. \"ok.\" I said. *race day* \"it's Trip against Maggie and Herbie in the head to head folks!\" the announcer shouted. Trip suddenly jerked to the left giving Maggie and Herbie the room to get by. \" I don't believe it! whether car trouble of driver trouble Trip has just let Maggie and Herbie pass him!\" the announcer shouted. \"Herbie and Maggie win!\" the announcer screamed. \"Herbie! we did it! if only Kevin were here to see this he'd be happy too!\" Maggie shouted. I bounced on my tires as if I was nodding. she opened my door and jumped out. we won but why did Trip let us win? was it pity? pity for killing our friend? I reved my engine slightly as a growl and I felt Maggie pat my side gently. I jerked slightly. ok ouch! thats where the 88 car hit me! Dale Jarette i believe! I thought. Maggie, upon feeling me jerk, looked at the spot she patted and gently rubbed her thumb over the spot. normally getting hit was just part of the fun but he's hit a little too hard there. he'd accidently hit hard enough I flipped three times and had to lock my doors to make sure Maggie didn't fall out. then I remembered and gently bumped her. her head was bleeding. \"Maggie!\" Ray Sr. shouted. he ran up and whiped some blood from her face. \"dad, it's- i'm fine just some broken glass, we need to see if Ke-\" Maggie trailed. she stared into the distance, cleared her throat, and took a deep breath. \"we need to replace one of Herbie's windows.\" Maggie corrected herself. \"alright you go get checked out i'll get Herbie to repair shop.\" Ray Jr. said. \"no.\" Maggie replied. \"Herbie first then me. I've lost one of my best friends, not to mention the fact i was dating him, I don't care if it's just a broken window. Herbie first then me.\" Maggie said. I bumped my door against her gently, not like I normally do for Kevin, and bumped her toward her family. I beeped softly and hit her with my door again when she glared at me. it was that same connection as our first race together, that telepathic connection and suddenly it was like we were arguing. \"no Herbie.\" Maggie said. \"common Maggie.\" Ray Jr. said. we continued talking through the connection. Maggie grawled and my engine revved in warning. her dad and brother watched in confused amusement. Maggie crossed her arms and sighed. \"stubborn car.\" Maggie muttered. I beeped at her. she stepped out of the way and I flung my door open for Ray Jr. to get in. Ray hopped in and we drove off, but not before I saw the parametics taking care of Maggie. *later* Maggie and I were out in the garage. I sat in my human form on a stack of boxes. my eye's on something Maggie was holding out to me. \"what is it?\" I ask. Maggie laughed and pushed the cube shaped object into my hands. ","Summary":" \"Kevin we've got a problem.\" Maggie said standing in front of her bedroom. Kevin raised an eyebro"},{"Movie":"Herbie series","Title":"Herbie Fully Loaded Novelized","Author":"Mellygal","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6733465","Passage":"[Chapter 1] As I was being carried off, away from my nice, warm home, I looked back on my memories of racing and winning. And even the times I had been literally cut in half. I could even remember escaping Mr. Thorndyke. I still sort of felt bad for getting Jim Douglas in trouble, but he had forgiven me and we both had chased our racing dreams. One day, I never saw him again and the new owners didn't really take me in to well. I never really warmed up to them before I never saw them again either! I have always been pearl white, scarlet red, and ocean blue, but now I was sort of rusted and not so caught up to my pride. I had become somewhat pessimistic. I honestly felt that no one cared. I finally snapped out of my thoughts when the truck I rode on came to a wobbly stop. I opened my headlights, err, eyes, to get a look around. First thing I noticed, I was the only bug I could see. Secondly, there was a car being tortured by an ugly machine. She screamed for help in a secret way that only we cars know of, then the next time I saw her, she was hushed and crushed. I was immedeately saddened and frightened. esspecially because that was a much bigger, nicer looking car than me. I wimpered a little as a man who sort of looked like Hitler walked out. I listened to their conversation once I buried my cowering. \"I saw all kinds of old trophies! I think this used to be a race car!\", the man who brought me here said. \"What, did it win the really ugly Grand Prix?\", the guy who looked like Hitler laughed. I didn't find it funny. I had pride! I threw my hubcap at him and made sure it hit him in the back of the head! What a jerk! He then seemed angry, and did something to me, which I regaurded by putting tailpipe smoke into his face! He came back, his face soiled. I inwardly chuckled at him. The two men then tried to get me off of the truck. I started my engine and struggled against their force. They had almost pulled me off when I swung my doors open to get some time to look for a way of escaping. I found it. The exit! I dashed, making \"Hitler\" , as I like to call him, fall under me. He still didn't let go of my chain leash. I dragged him around knowing he would probably give up and let go eventually. I had almost become free from this when I did'nt see the debris writhing in front of me and it smashed my tire! Oooohhhh, that HURT! Herbie had just epically failed yet again! Ugh. And I just happened to be Herbie. I frowned, enraged and sad. Hitler said something to me, telling me that he was actually called Crazy Dave. I already didn't like the sound of it. Later on, they propped my wheel up, and it still really hurt. That night was cold and dust blew into my headlights. I knew tht it wasnt the worst it had been before, but it felt like it. I had almost always had at least a garage to block the wind, or just having someone who accepted me and loved me would help me feel better.. I remember Jim would even bring me a blanket or two to snuggle up in on really cold nights! (I'll admit, Jim kind of spoiled me.) I looked at the car across from me. He had been sitting there, mocking me all day long. We where the only two that werent inanimate other than the crusher, but I could feel the life escaping him. He was very beat up. I was probably one of the top three when it came to the condition I was in compared to all of the other cars. And I was intimidated by the crusher, until he spoke to me in the secret way that I could understand but couldn't speak in. I had to beep to get my speech out, which the others could do too, but it was hard to make a human not be intimidated. \"Psst!\", he called to me. I shuddered. I just knew he was going to try to eat me!, \"Hey, little fella. Crazy Dave wants me to crush you tomorrow, but I don't want to! I hate crushing the other cars and trucks! Esspecially smaller- no offence, but little ones.\" I looked up at him. His lights shined down on me, and I was just intimidated by his size. I had to admit, he was right. I always was small. \"I'm gonna take control and refuse to grab you, but its gonna be hard. I was going to tell him the strategy of will that I used, but the sun was rising and I didn't want to wake anyone with my loud beeping. I looked at him with a face of thanks for his attempts to save me. As the sun rose, it got warmer, I let my thoughts drift and I fell into a doze, which soon became a nap. I awoke when I heard a man in the crusher arguing with the machine. That bully in front of me had done just as I thought he would. All the abuse he went through defeated him. I felt sad. I heard the shuffling of feet as a pretty young woman walked past me. I wanted her to be my owner! I sensed the love from her! I revved my engine, in a hope to get her attention. Being a bug, though, my engine is pretty quiet and she was lost in her thoughts. I began to follow her, but my new case of immobility came into place. I fell onto the ground, sharp pain seizing me.[Chapter 2] Oh, ow... That hurt... ooooohhhh...! She didn't notice me, but I saw her. She was off in a daydream about racing. Thing is, I love racing. But nobody believes me. Maybe because I'm smaller than most cars? Or just because most Beetles are kind of just meant for cruising around... She sat in the black car until I heard a man call out, \"Hey, Maggie, did you find anything yet?\" Well, now I knew her name...! I saw her get out, \"Nothing yet, Dad! Still looking!\" I began to wonder who \"Dad\" was. I could tell he was the one in charge, though. As I found myself being picked up and carried, I passed by Maggie and \"Dad\". They began to have a conversation with Crazy Dave AKA Hitler. \"Oh, please, I'm sure there's a winner out there somewhere.\", Hitler said, in a voice that mocked me. As I saw the big claw coming near me from above, I began to call out, \"Maggie! Dad! Maggie! Dad! Help! Help me please!\", now if that was in human language, Maggie and Dad would have noticed me for sure. Maggie came near me and my hopes soared, my wheel still killing me from that drop. \"Dad, its perfect. If that horn didn't go off, I wouldn't have noticed...\", My hopes got higher, \"This Nissan!\", she ran past me and I wimpered. Dad approached me, \"Hey, Mags, what about this guy? These are great, you know, you take care of them, they run forever!\", Dad said, patting me on the roof. Some affection I hadn't had in awhile. \"Well, Dad, its cute... But Dad...!\", she said, just as I was picked up. I felt the crusher struggle with the claw, telling her to drop me and fast! So! Another living one! As I explained before, a living vehicle is about three out of every three hundred. She began to try to loosen her grip, and just as Crazy Dave/Hitler was saying, \"I think I can make you a deal!\" I was dropped right on top of that Nissan. Now, if it where one that was alive, I would feel guilty! Maggie sighed, \"I'll give you fifty for the Bug...!\" Oh, cummon, I knew I was worth more than that! Hitler started making excuses, but Maggie shook her head. \"Seventy five?\" \"Oh, sold!\", Hitler cried, \"I'll go get the papers!\" As he left, Dad approached me again, \"Well at least we know the horn works...\" Later on, I daydreamed in the sunshine that was suddenly much cozier and more comfortable. It made me sleepy and hyper at the same time. I watched Maggie skate on a board as Dad fixed my wheel, which also felt good. I rocked along with how the board tilted, but I made sure Dad didn't notice. Dad got up and I felt glad to be back on all four wheels again. I smiled a bit in releif. I listened, \"Okay, brakes are good, gas is good... Hey, look at that! The speedometer goes over two hundred...!\", I heard Dad say. Maggie chuckled a bit. \"Somebody has a sense of humor!\" \"Alright, Mags.\" \"Thank you, Dad!\" Maggie got inside of me. Just as she did that, I decided to clue her in. I opened up my glove box, revealing a note from my previous owner. Maggie curiously took it and I smiled a little. \"Please take care of Herbie. Whatever your problem, He'll help you find the answer... Great! Fortune cookie on wheels!\" That was sort of a letdown that it didn't mean anything to her. So once she put the key in, I decided to run wild and prove who I was! I was not just some car! \"What? Car! CAR! You're a car, I drive!\", she screamed. I inwardly cracked up, laughing. I suddenly came to a halt realizing that I'd dashed into an auto shop and almost ran over someone! I would apoligize, but I kind of can't. The guy came out and fell back onto the floor. tsk, tsk, tsk...! He and Maggie had a conversation and I found out the mechanic's name was Kevin. Okay. Kevin. Well met! I'm Herbie!... I hope Maggie tells you that... But, will you believe, or will I have to show you? I didn't really listen to much of their conversation until I heard the words \"Test Drive\". Sure, why not? I'll be sure to do a wheely or two! I drove along, pretending to be a hunk of junk, just to show them what a real hunk of Junk was. I was doing fine until Maggie called me a bucket of bolts, then I decided it was time. I did a big fat wheely down the street, scaring the daylights out of the two! When I stopped at a red light, I felt Kein pop up against my windsheild. Maggie pulled out my key, hoping I would stop it. Hah! Fat chance! \"Well, its got more horsepower than I expected...\" \"Are you kidding me? He just took off!\" \"He?\" \"Yeah. Herbie!\", Maggie cried. \"Okay, so the car's name is Herbie?\" \"Not my first choice, the name came with the car.\" \"Oh, okay. Take it easy, Mags... Herbie...\", Kevin seemed to think she was nuts! Cummon, make him drive! Make him drive! I drove myself, ignoring the two's cries, and I stopped at a place where I had the feeling that there was trouble. I heard alot of laughing and snickering. People pointed at me and whispered to eachother. I revved my engine, but Crap! There was something in one of my tail pipes that made a popping noise...! Great... That was embarrassing. Almost like the time I accidentally farted in public...! As Maggie got out, I watched her, silently begging her to come back and hang out with me. I heard her and her friends joking about me being ugly. Erm, excuse me? At least I don't look like I carry prostitutes and gangsters in me like alot of those fancy pants sports cars! I actually look friendly and not like I'm trying to run over you! Maggie later approached me, pulling the board out of my backseat. Please don't tell me you're gonna spank me! \"Tell Crazy Dave he can keep his cash, I'll stick with my board.\", she said. I didn't really get what she meant. \"Wait, what about the car?\", Kevin asked. Now I listened closely, trying to get an answer. \"Hello, look around! Somebody will take this thing off my hands!\", she said. As she left, I began beeping. Maggie! Maggie, no! I didn't mean to be a bad car! I won't do it again! I promise! Please! Stay! Stay! I just want to be loved! please! Stay! Maggie- I was muted by her unplugging my horn. I had a feeling she had forgiven me! \"What is with this car? Its like it's trying to embarrass me and-\" I'll show you embarrasing! SPLAT! I put oil all over her shirt. I did NOT want to be walked all over! Kevin had opened my trunk and I hardly realized it. It had the old racing outfit from my owner in it! He came up to Maggie, who had just put my horn back on. \"Someone left these in the tru-uuhhh, you look great! There's a tiny little bit of oil on you but- hey-? Hey, what happened?\", Kevin said \"Stand gaurd, no peeking\", said Maggie. I shut my own trunk. \"Don't fire up yourself!... No peeking...!\", Kevin said, just as he rotated my mirror to peek. Grossed out I pulled it back. Aw, cummon! Give a lady her privacy! I fought with Kevin over the mirror, hoping he would get the hint. He seemed to be denying that yes, in fact, he did beleive! Maggie got out and put her board back in, deciding to keep me. I smiled at this. She started to look around inside of me, \"Hey, where are the keys?\", she asked. I reminded her not to forget the helmet by pushing her with my door. She fell into the helmet and bumped into the man who had been showing off on stage a few minutes ago. His name was Trip Murphy. I knew he wasn't evil like Simon or Horace, but I could sense that we where NOT going to get along well. I would give him a chance, incase my senses where wrong. I waited and listened. \"Woah, guy. All you gotta do is ask.\", Trip said as he signed the helmet. He patted it. \"Yeah, I would wear a helmet too if my ride looked like that.\" I frowned at this. Please tell me he was just teasing! I really don't want another enemy! Kevin bumped into trip. \"Oh, whoops!\", he said. He opened my door, \"Cummon, lets get outta here.\" \"Yeah, good idea, loser.\", Trip called out, \"You better get this thing back to the circus before Bozo puts out an APB!\" The crowd laughed. Thats it! I'm pissed off now! Hah! What do ya think of this! I ran up and used my mirror to scratch his fancy car. I knew it was a huge car, but I had to do something for revenge. I stopped afterwards, as I heard people calling for a race. I heard Kevin as he got out. \"Yeah, I'm glad I have to do this! Sure!\" I locked Maggie in, not allowing her to crawl out of the window. She cried for Kevin as she placed her hands on my windows, struggling to get out. \"What have I got to lose? Its a bug!\", Trip said. I was ready for this.[Chapter 3] This guy… this, err, Trip. He's an amateur. Or, at least, Compared to me he is... Get prepared to be humiliated! Ready… Get set… GO! Look, Maggie, if you don't want to drive, just stop screaming! I've already taken over, you irrational human! Damn! Ha! Gullible! You think I'm behind you… Heh, look to your left! Nya- Nya! OOF! OW! Whoa… whoa! Eep! Oh great. Yikes! Hey! Let go of that! Woooah! Okay! Not a fan of this! Maggie! He's going to bash into you again! Gotcha! Ow, ow! Bumper sparks! Owwww! Yipe! Maggie! Noooo, you're making us fall behind! Here we go! Huh? I'm sensing something… The board… it can rail slide… Maggie wishes to rail slide past Trip! Gotcha, chief! I hope to make a pal out of Maggie. I really hope so! I stopped, realizing I had won. Kevin opened my door. \"I thought you hadn't been racing in a while! That was UNBELIEVABLE!\" he cried. \"I know! Unbelievable!\" Later on, I was back at the shop. I was lying down, relaxing, and watching my human talk to Kevin. I sensed a mutual crush between them. Kevin peeked inside my window. Um, what are you doing to me? I didn't understand much of what he said except for \"car\" which usually meant me. I sensed he had devised a plan to fix me up. \"With this...\" Kevin patted my door, \"Hunk of junk!\" I sensed he didn't mean it personally. I whacked him with my door, getting up. He talked to Maggie as I let her in. \"That's what I thought\" Kevin chuckled sending me and Maggie off. I let Maggie show me the way home, where Dad and a person I sensed was a friend of his, confirmed that I was in outstandingly respectable shape. After their observation, I fell into a doze in the sun, but this time, without sand blowing in my, err, front. I slept in until late afternoon the next day, when I saw her. She was a newer beetle. I sensed that in her past life as a human, she died at a young age, like maybe 12 or 13. And she was only recently resurrected. Maybe only about a year or so ago. I could sense nothing about a past life when it came to me, though. All I could find is that I was a little mute kid of maybe 8 or so. But hey… It's cool! I personally am having a blast! All this racing stuff is actually really fun! I really like her headlights… you know what she kind of makes me think of? Pikachu. The little mouse thing I saw on a shiny card somebody dropped. The headlights would look like his cheeks if they were red… Heh, she's cute! Hm? Maggie? Dad? Am I In trouble? Maggie? \"No more racing!\" I caught from Dad's speech. I looked up. \"Dad… I wasn't even driving!\" \"Who was driving?\" \"It was Kevin's friend Maxx… who was driving!\" Maggie lied. \"Car…. Race… One shot deal…\" I couldn't comprehend everything. Dad sooner or later left and Maggie sat on my hood. Right on the 53. I watched the other beetle leave. She mostly let her pretty owner take control. Not the most active chick, but hey…! She's cute! I sighed and Maggie patted my hood affectionately. I looked up. She got off and sat in front of me. \"Herbie,\" she said. I knew my name. But not much else of what she said. \"Help me … my cover…okay?\" I think she wanted me to help make sure Dad didn't find out. I sensed it. The next morning, after a good meal, we headed to go see Kevin. He discussed something with Maggie and something flew in front of me. I inched closer. \"Race\". That was all I needed to know. Maggie got in and I refused to start. Instead, I opened my hood and shut it, placing the weird flying thing on my windshield. Maggie yelped. I soon found myself in an extremely cold bath. BRRR! MAGGIE! KEVIN! THAT'S COLD! STOP IT! THAT'S IT! I shook, throwing the cold water on everyone. Maggie, Kevin, and myself. I'm sorry, but even a car deserves a little warmth! Brr! Huh? Okay… I think I had better stay still! I do NOT want to plummet from this lifty- thingy! Umm… Yipe! Do you know just how much I hate welding torches? That's where Tenisee Steinmetz welded me back together back in the day! Even later.. Hehehehehheheehhehehehe! Stop that, Maggie! That's my ticklish spot! Thank you. BWAHAHAHHAHHAHAHHAHAA! Not again! Well, now I know to expect some tickle torture from now on! Yeeee! Okay? Coming down… Holy crap, not another bath! Oh. Okay, you made it warmer this time. Maybe I can enjoy this! AAH! You just dumped the bucket of water on me! Woah, I'd better shut my sunroof! Hey! Well, soap back at ya, Kevin! I used my door to fling it back at him. Ha! Sud- face! Huh? We're going to a movie? Can it be a funny one? Later… W-WAAAHHH! N-NEVER MAKE ME SEE THAT DEAD THING AGAIN! That lady was creepy, too! Ohh! Test drive! You guys wanna go fast? Alright then! Buckle up! Wooooo hooooo![Chapter 4] Zzzz… Zzzz…. Whu- Whut? Hey. Okay, what on earth is THIS crap? Why am I all covered up? It's plenty warm out! Overheating, here! WOAH! Dude! … Wait, since when does a car get to ride? I wondered that way back when those Chinese guys carried me off to help me, too... That was a long time ago. I think it's time the bug got to take a peek. Let's see… HOLY SH- Oh, erm, excuse me. Bad word! That's a lot of people…! And… they're… all… crowding… around me… What? Huh? I see Trip. He's talking to Maggie. She seems sort of mocking and he looks over at me just as I feel my cover come off. Then again, it was quite cozy under there! Warning next time, Kevin? I heard, \"Junkyard, Maggie...Junkyard out of the car… Maxx…?\" Human words are so weird. Well, we cars are weird in our own way. Some learn human words all the way. Some, like me, never really can absorb much. I try, though. So you can't call me lazy. Hey? Huh? They're pushing me off of the trailer. I rolled back and people began to look at me inside and out. Hey! Whoa, dude! That's sensitive! Don't touch the spark plugs! Those are sensitive! Hey! Quit pushing me! That's enough, Kevin! Quit it! Oh? \"Maggie… Place at… Starting line.\" I understood! This was the starting line! I looked over at the mustang next to me. No life in it. What about this car… (I have no idea what it is.) ? Nothing? I feel so lonely! I got a glance and a snicker from the car next to the mustang, though. You know what, Bit-? Oops, sorry. I flapped my hood at her. But only ever so slightly, saying I bet I can win. She telepathically communicated back, \"I'll tell ya what, Bug. If you can beat me, I won't doubt you ever again. Do we have a Deal?\" I nodded a little. She slightly smirked. Yes, I'm telepathic, but for some reason, I couldn't communicate with others using my powers. Maybe it's because I was mute in my past life. Oh well. Maggie got into my driver seat. I moved my steering wheel a bit to greet her. She patted it, not wanting to reveal to the others that she wasn't Maxx. I revved, waiting for the green flag… Alright, let's go! I zoomed past every car with ease, including the one from before. I competed in every race I could stand! Wow! What a day! In a pit stop, the car came up to me, smiling. She was a little older than me but I still didn't know what she was. \"Good race! Hope to see ya again!\" she told me as her owner gave her gasoline. I nodded and smiled back, but when her owner looked, I put on my \"Bug Face\". Later on, I pulled up to Kevin with Maggie after a nice, cool (But thank god, not cold) bath. That felt good! Kevin and Maggie talked for a little. Really all I got was \"My hand is numb!\" I saw her again. That newer beetle from before. She looked like she had just been washed, too. I looked at her for a few seconds, wondering if she noticed me or not. I could sense life in her. I knew that. I slowly approached her, noticing that the newer beetles where a lot bigger than me. I didn't care. She looked me in the headlights. A little awkwardly at first, but then she said, \"Heyy, you're a cute little fella! What's your name?\" I didn't know how to tell her until I had a flashback… \"Know how… Crazy artist knows… Car has a name!\" my owner yelled \"He told me.\", his friend said, \"Inscribed… Plate… Hood.\" My owner and his friend began to argue. And my owner's girlfriend came around front. I flashed my lights, begging her to split them up. And she did so. Then later, I was at an art show, on display and my newest enemy at the time had gotten my owner's friend distracted and came closer to me. I quietly cried out in fear. The man got into me, and my owner's friend came back. \"Criticized…. Installations… Interactive…!\" \"Deal with the critics! … Get out! Hank?\" the friend called out. Then I felt Simon, my enemy reach into a compartment. I quickly shut it, hoping to catch his fingers. But then I felt a familiar slipping. My key being taken out. The next thing I knew, Simon was ripped out of me and I was glad about that. He was saying something and then stepped in front of me. \"Oh, I'm quaking in my boots!\" he mocked. I hit him with my hood. He was down for a few seconds and then he read off of the plate under my hood… That's it! The plate under my hood! I lifted up my hood just a bit for her to see. \"Oh, alright! Herbie! Cute!\" she responded, just as I noticed Maggie pat my hood, \"Too… You….\" she chuckled. ….. Huh…? Whatever. I didn't get it. The other beetle talked to me again, \"My name is Daisy.\" She said. I very lightly smiled. She sure was nice! \"You're kind of shy, aren't you?\" She pointed out. Okay, yeah, that's a little flaw about me sometimes. Other times, I'm outgoing. I was a little scared of my very first owner, but I learned that some humans are very nice others, not so much. She looked into my headlights. \"And your eyes are really blue, too.\" I smiled again. Suddenly, though, I saw Trip. I gave my new friend a look that told her to stay there. Trip was talking to Maggie. \"Why you're not behind the wheel… Hardwired into your DNA… Just one person to blaze a trail… Behind the wheel of a real car?\" I looked. A Chevy racecar stood there. No life, no heart, and no soul. Maggie and trip where walking towards it. Maggie ran her hand along it. I glared. Monster… As she got in, Trip said, \"Try to keep it under 300!\" and she zoomed off. I wasn't happy. Once Trip noticed Maggie was out of sight, He grabbed a toolbox. I sensed his intentions where to see what's under my hood. He went around to the back of me and opened it. \"Bug… Makes you Tick.\" Well, touch my spark plugs and I'll show you what makes me tick! This isn't fair! Not without Maggie or Kevin here! Maybe if you'd asked permission, I would have been nicer! \"No way you could beat me with this engine….!\" he muttered. Oh, really, now? Hmm, How about a squirt? Heh. Jerk. \"YOU WANT A PIECE OF ME?\" Trip screamed at me. I felt a hard WHACK! Oww, WH-what was that for? OW! OW! QUIT IT! … I'm gonna cry…! \"Who's laughing now?\" Trip asked me. I am! I hit him with my trunk. He shook his head and looked at me. I had a slight glare on me. When he turned around, I… Well, yeah. I exploded! There! That's the word for it! I was done before he turned back around. Maggie came back in the racecar. \"Unbelievable!\" She said…. Wait? What about me? Bug, here! \"Pretty sweet ride... Nobody's gonna take you seriously in that thing!\" He pointed at me and continued, \"Stock car… Dad… idiot not to put you on the team! My car for your car… for pinks!\" \"Herbie's special… alright…\" Maggie replied. ALRIGHT? Are you kidding! You freaking jerk! Don't even come near me! I said get away! Never ever, EVER talk to me again! I hate you, Trip Murphy! I don't hate you, though, Maggie! Why do you hate me! Fine. I'll hate you back if you want but I don't like it![Chapter 5] As I get driven home, I don't really listen to, or pay mind to Maggie. I'm happy for her and all, but…. I'm not happy. First I'm special to her, but then I'm… Something to just pawn off? I suppose I should be used to it, but that doesn't mean I have to be happy about it. Not one bit. Jealous? Yes, Yes I am. Overthinking? Yes, probably. I'm bad about that. Jim always got on my case about it. It's one of my bigger flaws. I'm not perfect. Is it so bad that I just want a home and an owner who loves me? I love racing. It's my favorite thing. I adore it beyond words… But I know the value of home- A place to rest my gears, and stay safe… Now, though, I don't feel safe. I'm parked and I don't even know if Maggie said anything or not. I watch her go in the house, and realize… I should get some rest. The thing is, I just can't get comfortable. I'm restless. Ugh. Come on, Herbie…! It almost feels like there's a giant weight on my fenders. I'm too hot, but I'm too cold. Maybe I should lay down? I lower myself to my frame, but still can't get comfortable…. Ugh. It's going to be a long night. I wake up to noise all around me. Huh…? Am I…? When did they…? I'm looking around and realize… I'm at the racetrack… Kevin is wiping my windshield. But where is Maggie? As I look around, I become more frustrated… And I don't know if it's at her, or at myself! As I begin restlessly wiggling, Kevin seems a bit shocked, \"Wha- Whoa, Herbie, Herbie…! Easy…!\" He says as he takes the cool rag to my hood. I get that you're trying to comfort me, but… Stop! I grunt and wriggle away a bit. This continues for about an hour until Maggie finally comes. Kevin goes to my rear and lifts my hood… \"Herbie, what is it? Hey!\" I don't want it! I narrowly miss pinning his fingers. Kevin tries to tell Maggie something when she says something about a 'living nightmare'…. Yeah. I know how that feels. But if you know so much about it, how come you put me through one? \"Dad, brother, and best friend from college all decided to show up\"… Maybe if I can prove to them I'm- \"...Up with Herbie… STOP IT!\" Kevin snips at me. I didn't even realize I was getting so… Fidgety, I guess. \"Did you by chance leave him alone with Trip last nigh-\" \"MAG-WHEELS!\" a girl interrupted Kevin. My own mind felt like it was spinning again, as I didn't even pay attention to the humans' conversation. As soon as I snap back into reality, Maggie is kneeling in front of me, \"Hey, Herbie, what's wrong?\" she asks me… Well, honestly… I huff a little and turn a wheel. She watches… Am I getting through? My question is: It… Or me? It isn't really answered… But alternatively, I begin to get shouted at. \"Get a grip!\" she tells me, after saying she didn't have time for this… As she goes away, I'm steaming, and I'm not positive if it's myself or her… I've been through too blasted much of this… I fight with myself… Well, if she gets that stock car… She keeps me. Maybe she just wants it to prove something to her dad… Then again, it appears to me, that Dad doesn't know it's her behind my wheel… Would she race me again after? As soon as it seems she left, she's back, putting on her helmet, and stuffing her hair in… I need to have a little faith… It didn't seem like getting rid of me was anything she said last night, if she won… I let her open the door, \"Remember- I drive.\" she firmly tells me… Okay, I get it… We come to the line, and I act as normal as I can… The sleek, black car makes me look and feel so very tiny. It shows no sign of life. It's inanimate as can be. The green flag waves and Maggie hits the gas, shifting up, up, and up… When in the middle, she mentions he's getting ahead, my own determination kicks in… \"That's it, Herbie.\" she says with what sounds like a smile. I zip ahead of Trip, but he is definitely on-par with Maggie… Just with more experience. I'm about to finish first anyway, but Maggie triggers me… \"Come on, I want that stock car!\" she screams. I slam on the brakes. I don't fully know why. My headlights are as big as hubcaps when I fall into flashbacks… Bad owners… \"I want...\" And then I became trash. A few times, I nearly ended up… In situations that would have ended me. Or with terrible owners… I almost felt like Simon's helmet was flying at my trunk all over again. But it wasn't. I felt the kick of Thorndyke… Everything. I stood still as Maggie screamed at me, \"You stupid car!… On purpose!\" Trip smoothly approached, \"Your voice…. I expected… Who you really are!\" Maggie turned to him, quickly ripping off the helmet, and gasps were heard from the crowd… Maggie occasionally glares at me… but each time, it softens… It doesn't matter, Maggie… You don't want me… Do you? Trip… I don't know. He seems to want me… Did I just do something stupid?… I suppose you both probably hate me. As Dad comes forward, I feel a hook grab my frame. Pain. That's all hooks are… I jolt, whimpering as I'm lifted. But I don't fight it… I'm done fighting. I'm done trying to convince anyone of myself. Maybe that's why other sentient… 'objects'… stay so hidden… I hear Kevin, asking about me… I see his feet, as I stare at the ground. \"Maggie didn't tell you?…. Pinks… Deal… race my car...\" Kevin sounded upset… \"… You didn't…\" he begs of Maggie, who sounds equally upset.. \"...Sorry!\" Kevin freaks out, \"Don't apologize to me! Apologize to Herbie!… He's the one you Stabbed in the back!\" Maggie doesn't say anything for a while, except for when I jolt and suppress my cry. \"Don't hurt him!\" she cries. \"It's a car!\" a man mocks back. Maggie is stuck, it seems, as Trip whispers, patting my roof, \"Payback time, Bug… Payback.\" I don't want this payback, whatever it is… There's a slight chance it's racing for him, but… I doubt it… Either way, I blame myself. I let past traumas get in the way… I take one last glance at Maggie, and give a grunt and one small struggle, but… After, I just watch as she fades into the distance. I'm sorry, Maggie. You deserve a big, strong car… Not one bogged down by his own personal thoughts and memories…. ","Summary":" As I was being carried off, away from my nice, warm home, I looked back on my memories of racing an"},{"Movie":"While You Were Sleeping","Title":"Dark Shadows","Author":"trueblondechick14","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7797333","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author Note: Okay, I know this might be confusing at first, but Clairissa starts out as a five year old in my story, okay? Just wanted to clear up and confusion that might come along…hope everyone likes! Clairissa ran off the bus like she was on a sugar high. She couldn't wait to get home and tell mommy and daddy about her first day of kinder-what's-it! Clairissa bounded up the patio stairs almost tripping from her speed. She scrambled in her pockets until she found the key mommy had given her. She stood on her tippy toes, like the ballerina she had always dreamed of being, and slid the key into the lock. What was that rhyme again? \"Righty tighty, lefty loosey!\" she giggled. Clairissa pushed open the door, smiling at her success. She ran into the living room where her mommy and daddy would be sitting there playing with her new born baby brother on the couch. But all Clairissa saw were the scattered toys she saw before she left that morning. No mommy, daddy or baby brother to greet… \"Mommy?\" she screamed \"Daddy?\" no response. She looked out the back door to find an empty back yard with only a few tables. She ran upstairs to her parent's room. The thoughts like 'Were they okay?' and 'Where were they' flashed through her head over and over. She bursted through the door into her parents room without knocking (which she would never do at night ANYMORE) and found her mom lying on the bed and her baby brother Conner, cooing in the crib next to her. Clairissa felt happiness swell up in her again to know her mommy was okay. She went over to her brother's crib and peeked in. Conner looked over and giggled his cute baby giggle, like she was funny looking to him. Clairissa couldn't help but laugh with him. She looked up back at mommy, expecting her eyes to be closed. Mommy stared up at the ceiling like the time when Clairissa had drawn on the wall with Sharpie, her eyes wide and her mouth open. Clairissa didn't understand this but thought that she should help her mommy with whatever she was dealing with. She went to the bathroom and got the stool she used to reach the sink. Her small still kinda chubby hands wrapped around the stool, but after dropping it three times, she decided to drag it by the edge. When she finally got the stool back to the bedroom, she placed it by the bed. Clairissa had forgotten how hard it was to get up on her parent's bed. She giggled as she imagined the bed as a mountain, and she was the daring climber. When she got to the top of the bed she gave her own little cheer, fueling her imagination. But what she saw next cut her cheer short… The bed spread was coved in blood. Mommy's right arm laid half-way on the pillow next to her, detached from her body. Four scratches crossed moms face, one eye was cut open. And what scared Clairissa the most...mommy's tummy was cut open, blood and organs spilled out. Before Clairissa could cry, she heard a load growl come from her left. Clairissa turned her head to see three gray silhouettes baring what looked like teeth at her. These things looked extremely evil to Clairissa. She grabbed the pillow with mommies arm on it and threw it at the…things. \"They\" dodged the pillow with ease and slithered up onto the window sill. Before they left, they looked at Clairissa with eyes that reminded her of black holes, that burned into Clairissa's mind. Two hours later, daddy turned Clairissa away when they stated to zip mommy up into a black bag. Okay…I know it's short but actually I did a lot of revising to this so it's a lot longer than what it was, haha! Review please![Chapter 2] Okay, the 'point of view' has changed its Clairissa telling the story now so yea. Hope you like, here's Ch.1! The sound of the alarm from my phone was an irritating intrusion into the comfortable haze of sleep that wrapped itself around me. My hand crept out from underneath the warm flannel bed spread, onto the cold desk of where my phone would have sat. I felt around the empty spot. Then, giving up on that part of the desk I peeked out enough to be able to look over on my desk. Just my luck...in the middle of the desk…just out of my reach. Thank you, Conner I thought wouldn't want to miss school now would I? I propped up on one elbow and reached for my phone, feeling the pull of my newly pierced corset piercing. After I turned the alarm on my phone off I didn't even bother to go back to bed, all that movement had damaged my sleepy haze, and I was awake. Conner peeked in, without knocking, in to my room. \"Morning big sister!\" he said, WAY to cheerfully \"ready for the first day of school?\" I was about to answer when my phone chimed indicating that I had text from my boyfriend; Kayleb. 'Ready for the first day of school, my love?' I couldn't help but giggle and roll my eyes, at the fact the two guys I loved the most were making sure I was okay, I turned to Conner. \"Yeah I'm ready…mostly because I get to see my friends again. Now are YOU ready for the first day of seventh grade Conner?\" Conner smiled and nodded so fast, I was worried that his head might pop off or he might break his neck by doing so. He was gone in a flash to get breakfast waiting for him downstairs. How is everyone but my in my life a morning person? I thought to myself. I giggled, yes they were morning people but I love them all for it. I folded out the keyboard on my phone and stated typing my reply back to Kayleb. Yeah I guess you could say that…can't wait to see you, summer was WAY too long 3 I sent the last text and got in the shower in my bathroom. After my shower, I went downstairs and forgot to put a towel on my head…I forgot what would happen if I didn't dry my hair or put a towel on my head. I entered the kitchen… \"CLAIRISSA! Go back upstairs and dry that mop of hair, on your head before you get the floors wet!\" screamed Lucy…my step-mother. I didn't want to but I had to, so I went up stairs and started the long process of drying my hair. I had always thought that my dad deserved better than her. She screamed at everyone if they didn't do what she wanted. I rolled my eyes at that thought. After finishing up drying my hair I put my hair up in a messy ponytail. I had always hated my curls, all the other girls in my school had been gifted with strait glossy, perfect hair. Kayleb's reply appeared on my phone: Well you know I'll be there for you today, right? I picked up the phone: Yeah I know gtg I grabbed a small bag of Cherrios to eat on the bus and ran outside to catch the bus and couldn't help but feel like there was someone or something watching me for some reason… Okay, that's Ch.1, hopefully that will be enough to make you guys like it a little more…bye![Chapter 3] I stared out the window of the bus. As I ate my Cheerios, I couldn't help but think of my Uncle Jonathan. I remembered how he had ignored the kid he had to babysit, and just watched static. I just found it wrong, when my parents first told me, and when I got over my anger, I came back into the room, realizing that they had said static. As in from a TV, or as Conner would put it \"TV snow\" I remembered how sad I felt when his wife Anna had died of driving off the road into a river. I had sent him a card for it but, like three months after that he had gone nuts... My thoughts were distracted by the sight of Kayleb. I could feel my heart arm. Lucy might not approve of him like most things (that's actually why I got the corset piercing, with my favorite color, that she despises, purple, ribbon) I didn't care. Like one of my favorite poem writers wrote \"…but you can't stop love…\". I giggled at how stupid that thought was. Kayleb and I had known each other since the first grade. He had \"saved\" me from a group of bullies that were beating me up…which were some of his old friends. I had always felt bad for being the cause of him losing his friends but I never mention it to him. He and I had started out as friends…but at the beginning of sixth grade he had nervously asked me out. We had been together ever since. Our anniversary was in two weeks and everyone kept congratulating me for some reason…what? It's not like Kayleb and I are the only couple in the world who have been boyfriend/girlfriend for five years. Not that big of a deal anyway people, mind your own business I thought I ran off the bus like I was five again, every thought of Uncle Jonathan gone and ran to Kayleb. He automatically wrapped me in his arms, the safest place I thought I could ever be. I closed my eyes over his shoulder from his safe presence. Then taking me by surprise, he lifted me off the ground and spun me, making me scream a little. When he put me down back to solid ground I couldn't help but laugh with him. As Kayleb talked I realized that his voice had gotten a little deeper over the summer. \"I have something for you\" he said digging into his pocket\"I couldn't wait two more weeks to give it to you\" Kayleb pulled out a small box and opened it. In the box sat a beautiful necklace that had the shape of a heart but had a small swirl at the top that the silver chain wove through. I almost cried at its beauty. \"Oh my gosh, Kayleb…I love it' I said so quietly that I was surprised he heard it \"it's so beautiful!\" \"That's why I got it, it reminded me of you and all your beauty\" he said putting a finger under my chin so I could see him…with a cocky sideways grin. I played pushed him in the chest. He knew how I felt about that look, I had always found it a little annoying. But he knew that I wouldn't hate him for it so every once in a while he had a little fun and showed it to me knowing my reaction to it. \"Here, turn around\" Kayleb said, laughing at me. He took out the necklace from the box and put it around my neck. It fell on the curved part of my collar bone. It felt cold against my pale skin. I turned and gave Kayleb a kiss as the bell rang for first period warning. Third period I had science. It took me three tries before I found the right class. It's freshman year all over again! I thought. Mr. Franklin looked over is small glasses at me indicating that I almost been late/or was late. I looked at the clock…almost late, but not, good. Mr. Franklin started class by telling us what we were going to do this semester. Then we got to work on today's assignment. \"Today, we're going to watch a video on how some diseases are transferred through bugs, like the mosquito…\" Mr. Franklin rambled on. Wait mosquitoes? As in bugs that suck your…blood? I thought to myself Well maybe it's not that bad, I mean it's not like they'll show us a REAL close up of a mosquito… I had always had a problem with blood, my blood I was fine with (I was so accident prone I got used to it coming out of my body), but if I saw blood on another person I had always either passed out or vomited. So hopefully this video had no real blood in it. I was wrong, seven minutes into the video they showed a real mosquito sucking the blood out of a person. I raised my hand and explained everything to Mr. Franklin. He let me go to the bathroom. I ran down the hall so I wouldn't puck in the middle of the hallway. I did slow down for a moment to open the girls bathroom door. I ran after that again, found an empty stall, locked it turned and vomited… ","Summary":" Author Note: Okay, I know this might be confusing at first, but Clairissa starts out as a five year"},{"Movie":"While You Were Sleeping","Title":"The Highest Card","Author":"classicdisneyFTW","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10545872","Passage":"[Chapter 1] So I was cleaning out some files on my computer and came across this. An old story that I had started writing a couple years back... and only half finished. I'm finishing it as we speak, but I thought I would put it up here for all to see. I absolutely ADORE this movie with all my being! It is, and forever will be, in my top 5 favorite movies of all time! I've always wondered, though, what on earth must be going through Jack's mind during this whole ordeal? I mean, seriously. He's got to be having some pretty heavy duty inner turmoil going on, right? I'm pretty sure that's why I decided to write this fic. Hope you enjoy! :) XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX It was late. Well past midnight, even though I did promise to be home for my family's belated Christmas celebration. A promise now broken. I had called ahead and informed them that work was going to keep me late and I wouldn't make it to the gathering, so they couldn't be too mad at me. (Not that they ever got really mad about things like that anyway). Now I just had to stop by and leave the results of today's work for my father to go over. I pulled the large moving truck up in front of the house with a squeaking halt. I really needed to get those brakes looked at. The Christmas lights were still on all around the house, but the interior lights were shut off. Everyone was asleep. I shut off the truck and stepped out. The brisk winter night air hit my face as I marched up to the front door. I shoved my hands into my pockets, but kept my pace even. I soon reached the door and quickly unlocked it, stepping into the warmth of the entryway. It had been a while since I had been home. My parents's home, I should say. It had been nearly a month since I had a proper visit. I was practically running the family business now. Ever since Peter left a few years back and my father started getting on in years, it was up to me to keep it running. So, I was barely home. I probably wouldn't even have attempted coming home now if it wasn't for Christmas. Technically it was not Christmas. It was the day after. No one in my family got to celebrate it on account of my older brother, Peter, falling into a coma after being pushed onto some train tracks on his way to work. (I'm not the only one who's always working). I had been on the other side of the city when I got the blubbering phone call from my mother. I wasn't able to make out most of what she said, but I did manage to understand that they were at the hospital and that Peter was in a coma because he fell on the tracks, so Christmas was cancelled. She said several other things, but I have no idea what they were. I couldn't make them out through all her sobbing and hysterics. So because of Peter's coma, my family was celebrating Christmas a day late. I was supposed to be there, but I had missed it on account of Mr. Himmelstein's nephews refusing to sell anything in their uncle's house for a reasonable price. But my father had insisted that I get a hold of all the furniture in that house, because what were those nephews going to do with that big empty house, really? So now I was returning to my parents' home around 1:00 in the morning. I quietly shut the door behind me and continued into the house. I briefly glanced into the living room at the tree. All the presents were gone and unwrapped. They must have had a great time, all unwrapping presents simultaneously while drinking wine and Grandma's homemade eggnog (which, to be honest, I'd much rather drink the wine). \"Jack!\" I looked up at the stairs and saw my younger sister, Mary, garbed up in her pajamas and bathrobe, standing at the top. I grinned at her. \"Hey!\" I said quietly. \"Hey, buddy!\" she cried, also quietly, but enthusiastically. She ran down the stairs and threw her arms around me. Like I said, it had been a while since I had been home. I could have sworn Mary had grown since I last saw her, even at sixteen years old and only in a month. We both laughed quietly as we embraced, but she suddenly pushed me back, shushing me. \"Don't wake Lucy!\" she scolded me. She gestured into the living room. Who? What? When? Where? I looked into the living room to the sofa. There I saw the huddled form of a woman asleep under one of my mother's homemade quilts. How had I missed her when I originally looked into the living room? Her back was to us, so all I could really tell was that she had dark brown hair. I really had been away for a while. I had no idea who this woman was. \"Who's Lucy?\" I asked. \"Lucy is Peter's fiancee,\" Mary told me. That caught me off guard. Even though I had been away, surely someone would have at least called and told me that Peter was getting married! How long? The last I heard, hadn't he been dating a blonde. Something... Bacon? Wasn't it? That hadn't been that long ago had it? I stared harder at the sleeping form on the couch. \"No. That's not Peter's fiancee?\" I half inquired, half stated. \"You haven't met her?\" Mary asked. \"No,\" I replied. Since when do I meet any of Peter's girlfriends? \"Well she's great,\" Mary said, \"You're going to love her.\" I nodded, processing. I would have to be the judge of that, wouldn't I? My family always had been too trusting and loving. Not that that was a particularly bad thing, it's just... Peter's fiancee? I couldn't put my finger on it, but something seemed off. In that moment, I changed my mind about merely dropping off the day's work results for my father. \"You know what, kid?\" I said to Mary, \"Maybe I'll stay the night.\" \"Don't eat my cereal in the morning,\" Mary warned me, turning to go back up the stairs. \"Oh, so it's Mary's special cereal?\" I teased, beginning to follow. \"Last time you took the toy surprise, remember?\" Mary said. I threw one more glance into the living room at Peter's sleeping fiancee before following Mary up the stairs. Mary immediately headed to her own room, but not before giving me a goodnight hug. After she was gone, I went to my own room. I used my old bedroom that I used all the way through high school. As I walked down the hallway, I passed Peter's old room as well. The door was shut. If you thought I had not been home in long time, I could not even remember the last time Peter came home. My room was just next to his. I opened the door and entered. Some of my old posters still hung on the wall and my comic books, cassette tapes, even records were still messily \"organized\" all over the room. My mother had made sure the bed was always made, just in case I ever did return. It was never made when I did actually live there. The large laundry hamper in the corner had never been empty like it was now. It had always been overflowing and clothes had always been strewn across the floor. I sat on the striped sheets that covered the bed. Freshly washed, I could tell. My mother always did like to keep up appearances. I instantly felt a bit of remorse. Who knew how long she waited just to have me come home to visit? She probably washed my bedding that morning, expecting me to be there for Christmas, but then I didn't show. I knew how much work meant to my father, but was it really worth it to disappoint my mother? Luckily, I was home enough that I left a little bit of my clothes behind in case of an extended visit. I quickly changed and climbed into bed. As I closed my eyes, my mind drifted to the sleeping figure downstairs. One thing was for certain... we were going to have to meet face to face. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX I awoke early the next morning. I had always been an early riser. Only my father was as well, everyone else in my family liked to sleep late. I quickly pulled on jeans and a sweater before going downstairs to make myself a cup of coffee. I briefly glanced into the living room once again as I passed. Peter's fiancee, Lucy I guess, was still asleep. I headed into the kitchen and began making myself some coffee. I found myself wondering about Lucy once again. Who was she? What did she do? Where did she live? How did she and Peter meet? I poured my coffee into a mug, grabbed a newspaper from off the table and headed back into the front to sit on the stairs. They were a surprisingly comfortable place to sit and read the paper. I got rather wrapped up in what I was reading and only some rustling and thumping from the other room snapped me out of it. I tried to peer down from the stairwell into the living room, but could not see what was happening. However, the only logical conclusion I could come to was that Lucy had awaken. I wondered if I should go down and say something to her, finally introduce myself. But I decided against it and merely went back to reading the paper and sipping my coffee. After several moments, I heard quiet footsteps coming towards me, or at least towards the stairs. Soon, Lucy's back came into view, slowly and quietly approaching the door, coat in hand. She did not even notice me, too preoccupied with getting to the door. Now I decided to say something. \"Good morning,\" I said. She gasped, and probably would have screamed had she not covered her mouth. She whipped around to face me, putting a hand to her chest. She relaxed, taking even breaths, as she looked up at me smiling. \"Oh! Oh, you scared me,\" she said. I shrugged. \"Sorry.\" She cleared her throat. \"Good morning, Jack.\" So she knew who I was already. Of course she did! I'm sure if Peter already hadn't, my family had told her everything. I stared at her, finally getting a look at her face. She was rather pretty. Not in the traditional supermodel-type way like Peter usually went for, but in a more sweet, demure way. I put my paper aside. So she knew who I was, but I really did not know who she was. \"Um, I guess I don't remember meeting you,\" I said. She smiled up at me again. \"Well, that's probably because we've never met.\" I nodded. \"That might have something to do with it,\" I agreed. Then smiled back at her. Then there was silence. Albeit, a rather awkward silence. I just stared at her, trying to figure her out, and she looked around wondering what to do next. Eventually the silence was broken by a car horn honking outside. \"Ooh, cab,\" she said, pointing to the door, \"I have to go. I'm really late. Because I have to... go. But it was nice to meet you, Jack.\" She turned to leave. I stood up. \"Lucy,\" I called after her. She turned back, suddenly looking rather stressed. \"OK, look. I know that-\" \"Hey,\" I cut her off. \"Hmm?\" What to say? Something to tell her that I didn't think badly of her. Something that said I accepted her just as much as the rest of my family. \"...welcome to the family,\" I said. She stared at me for a moment. \"Oh, thank you,\" she said. Then with a final \"bye\", she turned to leave once more.[Chapter 2] Just some clarification, there is going to be a lot of reiteration of the movie since it is WYWS from Jack's perspective, but I will throw in a couple of my own original stuff here and there too. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX My family was all thrilled to see me and, of course, none of them held any hard feelings towards me for missing the previous night's party. But now, today was Sunday and everyone was heading off to church. I suppose you could consider my family faithful church attenders, at least three times a month. They were very keen to attend this Sunday though since Peter was in the hospital. He would need extra prayers, according to my mother. So I found the nicest shirt I had out of the few I had tucked away in my closet (which, I admit, was not very quality. Flannel? Ehh... But really, flannel was pretty much all I owned. It was either that or my suit. But that was for very special occasions). Then I borrowed one of my father's ties. In church, I discovered that the priest already knew about Peter's condition since he blessed him during one of the prayers (along with a few choice others). I guessed my family had at some point given his name for a special blessing. Once Peter was blessed for healing, I noticed my family slowly began to lose interest slightly. I took the opportunity to finally ask a question that had been lingering in my mind since the previous night. I leaned over to my father who sat beside me. \"So who's this Lucy?\" I wondered softly. \"She's your brother's fiancee,\" he replied. Yes, I got that part, but there was something that just didn't quite make sense to me. Surely we would have gotten some sort of inkling, some sort of hint that he was at least close to getting engaged before it actually happened. It wasn't like Peter to keep things like this to himself. He definitely liked attention. \"You'd think if Peter were getting married, he would have announced it in the Tribune?\" I asked. \"We read the Sun Times,\" my father replied. \"Amen!\" everyone said with the priest. Music began to play on the organ. I was not going to let this go so easily. My family had always been so welcoming, so trusting. And not that that was exactly a bad thing, it was just... \"So why did she sneak out this morning?\" I asked. \"She has a job,\" my father replied without question. \"I like mass better in Latin,\" my grandmother spoke up from down the pew, \"It's nicer when you don't know what they're saying.\" My father decided that he was tired of discussing this mysterious fiancee and turned the conversation in a different direction, namely business. I had not given him my report yet after all. \"Did you get the Borbeau estate?\" he asked. \"Got it,\" I replied, relenting. \"What about Downey's?\" he asked. \"Got it,\" I told him. \"Himmelsteins?\" \"Yep.\" \"Did you get Van Allen?\" That was the only one I did not get to. With Himmelstein's stubborn nephews keeping me around all day, I did not have time to move on to any other houses. I didn't even get to go to my own family's Christmas party for crying out loud! \"Himmelstein's took too long,\" I replied simply. \"Ah for goodness' sake, Jack!\" my father exclaimed as the priest gestured for everyone to stand, \"You're running the business now.\" Yeah, about that... \"That's something I'd like to talk to you about,\" I said. \"Talk about it later, okay?\" my mother said sternly. \"Talk about it now. He can't kill you in church,\" Mary spoke up from my other side. \"Will you please pipe down?\" a man behind us asked, annoyed. My father turned and glared at him. \"Hey, be nice, pally. We're in church.\" \"You're disrupting the mass!\" the man declared. \"Who made you the pope?\" my father demanded, turning back forward. \"Ox!\" my mother reprimanded. \"How did Joe Kelly get to be a lector? He takes marijuana,\" my grandmother wondered. \"Amen!\" everyone chorused. I guess I should clarify my working situation. I work a lot, but not because I enjoy it. I do it to please my father. Like I said before, my brother left the business first, leaving just my father and me. If Peter had not left first, I probably would have done it. I know the business means the world to my father and if I were to leave now, it would crumble and fail. Several times I came close to telling my father I wanted to leave, but always chickened out. I'm a pleaser. If you were to summarize me into one word, it would be \"pleaser\". I just want people to be happy, no matter what (but not to the point of being ridiculous and unreasonable. I'm not that stupid). We sat through the rest of church, reasonably silent, except for a couple more random remarks from my grandmother. After church, we headed home. I found my mind wandering back to the Peter situation again. As much as my family did not seem to think so, something did not seem right and I could not get it out of my head. Maybe I would just have to meet the fiancee again. But I did not know when she would come around here again. Maybe never. Maybe she was as unsociable with family as Peter. How do I find her then? She probably would visit Peter at the hospital if she truly did care about him. But then what was I supposed to do? Just go and sit in his room and wait for her to show up? It could be hours. Days, even. Maybe my family knew where she lived. I could pop by, say hello. Yeah, it was impossible for my family to meet her without getting her contact information. It was not in their nature. I went into the kitchen and scanned the papers, Christmas cards, shopping lists, etc. stuck to the refrigerator. Sure enough, I came across a small piece of paper that looked like it had been torn out of my father's pocket book with \"Lucy Moderatz\" written smoothly at the top in blue ink, followed by a phone number and address. \"What are you doing?\" I turned around and found Mary standing in the doorway. \"What? Oh, I was just... wondering about Peter's fiancee,\" I said, \"How did you meet her?\" \"Oh we met her at the hospital,\" Mary replied, \"She was already there when we got there to see Peter. I guess she saved his life.\" \"She did?\" I asked. \"Yeah. Crazy, right?\" Mary said, \"She works at the train station and saw Peter get pushed onto the tracks.\" Hmm, that was something. Maybe that was how the two of them met in the first place. I mean Peter did take the train to work, she worked at the station. It made sense... except for how oblivious Peter could be sometimes. But what did I know? Maybe they didn't even meet there in the first place. I would have to find out from a first-hand source. I pulled the paper off the fridge, grabbed a set of keys off the rack, and headed out the door. I took my old red pick-up truck. I didn't have to drive my giant moving truck everywhere I went, especially if I wasn't transporting something. That was just ridiculous. I found the address in good time. It was not very far especially considering how massive Chicago was. So Lucy lived in an small, simple apartment complex. I was actually a little surprised by how humble it was. Not that it was run-down or squalor or anything. It's just... I always thought that Peter went for the more classy, upper-class type that lived in big fancy apartments and stuff. This only fed my sprouting suspicions further that something seemed off about the whole situation. I found a spot to park right in front of the complex. I glanced at the paper in my hand. Room 201. Shouldn't be too hard to find. I hopped out of the truck and started to walk towards the building. However, I noticed someone working on the car parked in front of my truck, head buried under the hood. Maybe they could give me some direction. Or better yet, maybe I could even get some information about this fiancee of Peter's. Outside eye could be very insightful. I approached the person leaning over the car. \"Excuse me. Do you live here?\" I asked. The person looked up from what they were doing. It was a younger man, probably around my age. He was a bit pudgy and his entire appearance screamed grunge and white trash. But I looked beyond that while he took in my appearance as well. I liked to consider myself a normal looking guy by society's standards, but who knows what this guy was thinking. He finally answered me. \"Live here? I own this place.\" Hmm. I looked him over once more. Yeah. I would bet my life's earnings that the grunge of a man standing before me didn't own squat. But whether he did or not, I was still determined to get information on my potential sister-in-law. \"Oh, great,\" I said, nodding, \"So then you would know the woman that lives in 201?\" He smirked. \"Know her? I'm dating her,\" he replied. I stared at him. What? But she was engaged to Peter. But if she was dating this guy, then that would mean... oh. Oh! I knew something was up! I knew something had not seemed right about this whole situation! \"Wait. You're dating her?\" I asked, just to confirm. \"Yeah,\" he said, resting his thumbs on his pants and puffing out his chest. \"You are dating...\" I glanced at the paper in my hand, \"...Lucy Moderatz?\" \"Yeah,\" he said again, \"We've got a really deep connection, you know? Intimate.\" He leaned forward slightly and winked, \"If you know what I mean.\" I just stared at him for a moment, then nodded. \"Hmm,\" I said simply. Well. Something would have to be done about this, wouldn't it? I decided to still stick to my original plan of seeing Lucy in order to make a judgement call. I turned to head up to her apartment, but then I realized I might need to know this man's name for future reference. \"I'm sorry, I didn't catch your name.\" \"Joe,\" he replied, \"Joe Fusco.\" I nodded again. \"Thanks,\" I said, then I headed towards the complex.[Chapter 3] I discovered that Lucy was not home when I found her apartment. I decided I would try again later. To pass the time, since I was in that part of town, I decided to visit Peter's apartment to see if I could pick up on any clues about his relationship with Lucy. Peter's apartment was surprisingly close to Lucy's. Within walking distance, really. Well... maybe a very long walk, but still. If you wanted to get your exercise fill for the day, you could definitely walk it. But I drove. The contrast between Lucy's complex and Peter's was amazing. While Lucy's had only been three or four stories high, Peter's stretched at least fifty stories high. There were bellboys and doormen running around in the lobby of Peter's. I don't think Lucy's even had a lobby. It made me wonder again, how had these two come together? I took the elevator up to Peter's room. Room 57G. When I reached it, I found that the door was slightly open already. My first thought was that maybe the complex had a cleaning service. It wouldn't have surprised me, but if that were the case, wouldn't there be a cart outside with cleaning supplies or maybe a sign on the door or something? Then my mind immediately jumped to a burglar. But how could they have gotten a key to simply walk in? I decided, spur of the moment, to enter the apartment. As I did, I could hear a distant voice within the apartment. A woman's voice. I couldn't quite make out what she was saying, but she seemed to be calling for something. I silently shut the door behind me. I slowly followed the voice inside. It seemed to be coming from the kitchen. I stood behind the door and put my ear to it, listening. The voice seemed familiar somehow. How did I know it? \"Come here! Come here! Come on, honey! Where are you-?\" Suddenly, the door opened and slammed right into my face. I let out a loud grunt of pain. Whoever had opened the door immediately released it and it shut once more. I groaned, recovering, face throbbing. The door slowly opened once more and I came face to face with none other than Lucy Moderatz, Peter's fiancee, herself. She looked at me, very concerned, and put a hand to her mouth. \"Oh! I am so sorry,\" she said. \"Nice shot,\" I told her. She ran to the freezer, opening it and grabbing ice out of the dispenser. \"Oh, uh... I'll get you some ice,\" she said nervously, shoving the ice into my hands, \"I'm sorry. I wasn't expecting anybody.\" \"Hey, how'd you get in here?\" I wondered. Though, as soon as I asked it I felt like an idiot since the answer was obvious. \"Oh, uh...\" she stammered, picking up fallen pieces of ice and putting them in my hand, \"...key?\" Okay, point for Lucy. She had a key to Peter's apartment. \"Key? So you stay here a lot, huh?\" I asked. I suddenly realized that the ice was melting in my hand. I looked around for a place to set it, since I most certainly wasn't going to put it on my still slightly throbbing face. I set it on the counter. \"Oh, you know. Feed the cat...\" she said. Wait, what? I looked at her confused. As long as I had known Peter (my entire life), Peter had hated cats. Absolutely despised them! And last I visited, there had been no cat around. Although, to be fair, that had been almost a year ago. \"Peter doesn't have a cat,\" I stated. Just as I was ready to award myself a point, I heard a soft \"meow\" from behind us. Both of us turned to see a cat peering into the kitchen. Now I was more confused than ever. Since when did Peter start liking cats? Since when did Peter start liking cats enough to actually go out and get one for himself? I watched in confusion as Lucy went to go pick the cat up. \"Oh, hello,\" she cooed at it, picking it up, \"Hello, honey. Fluffy. Hello, Fluffy. You must be so hungry.\" Okay so two points for Lucy. She set the cat on the counter, pushing a can of cat food towards it. Just then, the phone rang. Lucy looked towards it, but then back at the cat, ignoring it. I raised an eyebrow. This could be my chance to gain a point. \"Are you going to get that?\" I wondered. She looked at me for a moment before answering. \"Oh no, I'm going to let the machine get it,\" she said casually, stroking the cat. Hmm. Why would she not want to answer the phone in her own fiancee's apartment? Where, apparently, she visited a lot. I walked over and answered it myself. \"Hello?\" \"Hello? This is Northwestern Memorial Hospital. I am looking for a Lucy Moderatz, please?\" the voice on the other line said. Well. So much for my point. Three for Lucy. I turned towards her, holding out the phone. \"It's for you,\" I said. She raised her eyebrows, but then smiled and took the phone from me. I continued watching her as she put it to her ear. \"Hello?\" she said, there was a pause as she listened to the person on the other line \"...OK. Bye.\" She hung up and turned to me. \"Um, that was the hospital,\" she said, \"They say it's customary for friends and family to come down and give blood.\" Maybe I could catch her in something else if I just stuck around her a bit longer. I gave her a smile and shrugged. \"Let's go together,\" I suggested. I quickly found some keys hanging on a hook next to the kitchen door. I held them out to Lucy. \"I'll let you do the honors,\" I said. She took them from me reluctantly. \"But, didn't you bring your own car?\" \"Yeah, I have a truck,\" I said, as we walked out of the apartment, \"But Peter's car is a much better ride, we can't waste the opportunity.\" The apartment was a no go. I figured maybe I could catch her in something about the car. We headed down to the parking garage. It was enormous! And every spot was taken. And we were only on the first level. As soon as we entered, I saw Lucy tense up slightly. What was wrong? Maybe I finally had her. \"You know what?\" she said uneasily, looking around, \"I think maybe we should take your truck.\" \"Oh no, we ought to take Peter's car,\" I insisted. \"Hmm. Okay,\" Lucy replied, still sounding slightly uneasy. \"You know where it's parked, don't you?\" I asked. \"Huh? Oh yeah. Yeah,\" she replied almost too confidently, \"Um, yeah.\" A car unlocked nearby, lights flashing. I recognized it as Peter's car. Lucy must have pressed the unlock button on the remote. I looked back at her. \"Hmm,\" I said simply. \"Hmm,\" she said back. We both headed for the car. I cannot quite be sure whose point that was. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX At the hospital, we sat on gurneys beside each other as our blood was taken. I was feeling a little lightheaded, my eyes swimming in and out of focus. I looked at Lucy beside me. She just sat there completely at ease. It was probably the first time I had seen her relaxed since I met her. What was it that made her so tense? I decided to make conversation with her to try to get some reaction out of her again. \"Hey, we'll have to get your picture for the mantel,\" I said. \"Of me?\" she asked uncomfortably. \"No. Of you and Peter,\" I replied. She laughed lightly. \"I'm not that photogenic,\" she said. I looked her once over as she laughed. I asserted once again that she was quite pretty, especially while she smiled. I muttered to myself, \"I doubt that.\" A nurse suddenly approached Lucy with a cup of water. \"Now I want you to sit here and sip this or you'll get woozy,\" she instructed sternly. \"When did you start seeing Peter?\" I asked. \"September 17,\" Lucy replied. But it was only December. Well, nearly January, but still. Bit quick to be getting married wasn't it? I mean I had heard that whole \"when you know, you know\" before, but all that was ridiculous, wasn't it? I told her so. \"Three months. That's quick,\" I asserted. \"You have no idea,\" she muttered. She quickly gulped down the cup of water and then stood up. Hold on. Where was she going? What did she mean? I still had questions. I wasn't done with her yet. I think I had just hit a tender spot. I was getting closer to unraveling this mystery! But she was still walking away. \"That's fast. That's a fast engagement!\" I tried saying in order to keep her back, but she continued walking. \"Miss!\" the nurse protested. \"I'm fine,\" Lucy said. I started to get up to follow her. \"Wait, I'm not finished with you!\" the nurse told me. \"I've got it,\" I said, grabbing my coat and then standing up. However, as soon as I was on my feet, the light-headness began to takeover and everything became hazy, and my legs turned to Jell-O. The next thing I knew, I was opening my eyes, lying back on the gurney. Apparently I had fainted. This time, I let the nurse finish up with me before trying to stand again. As soon as I got permission to go, I hurried out of the room to Peter's room. Fortunately for me, I caught up with Lucy who was still waiting by the elevator. I glanced at her as we traveled to Peter's room. I was going to have to stop being so subtle with her. There was only one way to find out if she was really as devoted to my brother as she appeared to be. Time to break out the big guns. We finally reached Peter's room in the ICU. My family was already there. Apparently they had come straight there after church. As we entered, my father immediately addressed Lucy with, \"Maybe Lucy knows his favorite song?\" There was a short silence before my mother began to answer. \"Puff the Magic...\" \"Dragon,\" Lucy finished confidently. She looked at me and repeated it, \"Dragon.\" I nodded. Okay, so she could probably already sense what I had been trying to do. I guessed now was as good as any time to break out the big guns. I stepped around so that I was facing her. \"Which one of the Three Stooges was Peter's favorite?\" I asked. She hesitated just for a second before answering, \"Curly.\" \"Curly. Ha!\" I repeated loudly. I noticed everyone staring at me and added quietly, \"He's everybody's favorite.\" \"I like Shemp,\" I heard our next door neighbor, mine and Peter's godfather, Saul, mutter from nearby. That hadn't been a very good question. Something else. How about... \"Favorite ice cream?\" \"Baskin Robbins,\" Lucy replied confidently. \"Favorite... baseball team?\" \"...Chicago.\" Ooh. There had been some hesitation there. Maybe I had her now. \"Cubs or White Sox?\" I asked smugly. Before she could answer, my father spoke up, confused. \"What the heck is going on?\" \"Why are you asking her all these questions?\" my mother asked, approaching us. Well, time to reveal all. Time for the confrontation. \"Don't ask me,\" I replied, \"Ask her boyfriend.\" Lucy glared at me. My mother looked offended and pointed to the comatose Peter lying behind us. \"That isn't very funny, you know,\" she said. \"No, no. Not this boyfriend,\" I said, pointing to Peter. Then I turned back to Lucy, narrowing my eyes, ready for her reaction. \"Joe Fusco,\" I said. She snorted in laughter. It took her a moment before she could speak clearly. \"Joe Jr.?\" she asked. But I was not going to be fooled. She could try to cover it up, try to play it off, but it would take more than just a laugh to convince me that there was not something going on between the two of them. \"Mm-hmm, that's right,\" I said confident, \"Mr. Joe Fusco Jr. He said that you were intimate.\" Lucy looked at me incredulously. \"Yeah, well he also said he invented aluminum foil,\" she said, hands on her hips, \"He's delusional.\" \"He was very lusive when I talked to him,\" I said. \"Oh dear,\" I suddenly heard my grandmother fretting in the corner, \"Oh dear.\" \"Ma, are you okay?\" my mother asked her, concerned. \"You see what you did?\" my father said to me in an accusatory tone, approaching my grandmother and holding her hand. \"What did I do?\" I asked innocently, because really all I had done was bring up a valid concern. \"Well, if she wanted to prove it... she'd prove it,\" my grandmother said, looking at Lucy. Ah, so my grandmother had caught onto my scheme. I, along with everyone else in the room slowly turned to look at Lucy, waiting for her verdict. She looked at us, speechless. I just watched her, raising my eyebrows. Well? Anything to say? She opened her mouth slightly, but then closed it again, looking extremely nervous. I knew it, she could not prove anything! Finally a point for me- \"P-Peter... h-has one... testicle,\" Lucy suddenly said. Everyone in the room started and looked at Peter, stunned. No. That... couldn't... She did not just say what I thought she said... did she? Oh good gosh. I was the first to look back at Lucy, completely shocked. \"No way,\" I said. \"Way,\" she replied, hands on her hips again, \"About a month ago, there was an accident and he was playing basketball and his friend had a pencil in his... back pocket.\" \"Ew,\" Mary groaned. Oh sweet Moses! I frowned in disgust. I saw that everyone else was as well. There was only one way to find out if she was telling the truth or not. I looked at my father. \"Um, maybe uh...\" I left the statement open, gesturing to Peter on the bed. My father shook his head, eyes wide with horror and disgust. \"No.\" Everyone looked around at each other, hoping someone else would volunteer. \"Well, somebody's got to look!\" my father said finally after a moment of awkward glances. \"Don't look at me,\" Mary said. Lucy just stood off to the side, waiting while the rest of us uncomfortably tried to figure out what to do. \"Okay. I'm his mother!\" my mother finally said, resigned. She stepped forward and pulled up Peter's blanket. \"Oh, mom! Ew!\" Mary cried, covering her face and turning away. I just looked back at Lucy as she bit her lip, looking away from us uneasily. So if this proved to be right... I guess she would win. I narrowed my eyes slightly. My mother set Peter's blankets back in place, her face solemn and grave. She just looked at us and gave a slight nod. Everyone cringed. A thousand points to Lucy then. And we have a winner.[Chapter 4] We all headed home shortly after the little... episode in the the hospital. As soon as we got home, my father brought me into the backyard. It was just getting dark when he brought me over to a line of furniture. \"Jack,\" he said, \"I need you to deliver this sofa.\" It was a traditional, green and white flower print sofa. It didn't look brand new, probably from one of the houses we cleared out, but it was in pretty good shape... and it was one of the ugliest pieces I had ever seen. \"Where to?\" I asked. \"Lucy,\" my father replied, \"It's an engagement present from me and your mother.\" I stuck my hands into my pockets. So once again I was to be thrown into this woman's path today. Although, I suppose I did sort of seek her out before. Who knew how she felt about me after what I had done today. I had made a complete fool of myself. Would she even want to see me? I allowed a sigh to escape my lips. Well, really all I had to do was drop off a sofa. Surely she would accept that? Especially if she knew it was from my parents. So I took the sofa, packed it into the back of my moving truck, and drove to Lucy's apartment for the second time that day. Just as I was parking, I could have sworn I saw a man walking out of the complex who looked a lot like Saul. Strange. Why would he be visiting her? I headed up the stairs to her apartment and knocked. \"Who is it!?\" I heard her cry from inside. She sounded almost... exasperated? She couldn't have known I was coming already, right? \"It's me. Jack Callaghan,\" I answered. I had to wait a minute before she finally opened the door, but not enough to admit me. She was still wearing her coat and scarf. It seemed she had just got home from the hospital. \"Hi,\" she greeted me, \"So, more questions?\" Well she couldn't have been too mad at me if she was willing to joke about our little hospital misadventure. I just smiled sheepishly. \"No. I have an engagement present for you,\" I said. She relaxed slightly. \"Oh. You really shouldn't have,\" she said, suddenly avoiding my gaze. \"I didn't. It's from my parents,\" I confessed. The comment suddenly reminded me that I would probably have to get them something eventually. The thought sort of irked me for some reason. \"Oh,\" she said. \"It's furniture. Do you want me to bring it up?\" I asked. Then I suddenly remembered seeing Saul on my way in. \"Hey, was that Saul I saw leaving?\" A loud thump suddenly emanated from inside her apartment. \"What's that?\" I asked. She hesitated before answering. \"Cat.\" Her cat made that loud of a noise? What was her cat a mountain lion or something? \"Big cat?\" I wondered, suspiciously. She changed the subjected back to the sofa. \"You know, I think you should bring it to... bring it to uh... bring it Peter's apartment!\" the idea suddenly dawning on her like a light in the dark. \"You don't know what it is,\" I pointed out. \"Well, you know, anything would look nicer in Peter's apartment,\" she said with a smile so wide I almost felt butterflies in my stomach. Another thump sounded from inside her apartment. \"And you know what? I'll come with you,\" she said quickly. She simply walked out the door with me, closing it behind her since she was already dressed in her coat and scarf. Nothing very eventful happened on the ride over to Peter's apartment. Like I said, his complex was surprisingly close. We mostly sat in silence. I really wanted to say something about earlier events and apologize for what a jerk I had been, but the opportunity never really presented itself. She did not seem very angry with me, so at least there was no tension in the air about us. Fortunately, when we arrived, there was a large open space right in front of of the complex which I parked in. I moved as close as possible to the car in front so as to make as much room as possible in the back for unloading. I turned off the truck and both of us hopped out. I headed around to the back and began to unlock it. Lucy soon followed. \"I think you parked too close to the other car,\" she said. \"I had to,\" I explained, \"We've got to unload the furniture.\" She just raised her eyebrows at me. I placed my hand on the handle, ready to open it. \"Are you ready for your surprise?\" I asked. With one swift movement, I pulled the door up, revealing the back of the truck. I stepped inside, towards the sofa. \"Ta-da!\" I said. Lucy looked inside in awe. \"Oh, that is great,\" she said, sounding completely genuine and awestruck. Really? I mean, the sofa was pretty nice and all, but I certainly would not call it great. It definitely did not have a great pattern. But to each his own I guess. Or her own. I helped her get inside, expecting her to head straight for the sofa, but to my surprise, she went towards the rocking chair I had built that was sitting right next to it. She rested her hand on it in wonder. \"That is so great,\" she said, still in awe. Well, it was always nice to have your work appreciated. I couldn't help smiling for a moment before breaking the news that it was not her engagement present. \"Like that?\" I asked. \"Yeah,\" she replied. \"Too bad,\" I said, and pointed to the sofa, \"Ox got you the love seat.\" Lucy suddenly noticed the sofa. \"Oh I'm sorry.\" \"Don't be. I made this,\" I said tentatively, nodding. Lucy looked at me, then back at the chair, shocked. \"What? This? No you didn't!\" I smirked. \"Shocking, isn't it?\" Lucy was staring and admiring the chair once again. \"Can I sit in it?\" she asked. I nodded, stepping back from it. \"Rock out.\" She gave smile at my choice of words and I felt a small sense of accomplishment. She was one of the few people who found my stupid little jokes actually funny. And it was gratifying. She slowly lowered herself into the chair and rocked slightly. She rubbed her hand against the wood, smiling. \"Wow, this is perfect,\" she said, \"You should go into business or something.\" Remember when I said that I had on more than one occasion tried to leave the family business, but then chickened out? This was why. This was what I really loved doing. Now it was really just a side thing that I did if I ever had any free time (which was rare). I sat down on the sofa beside her. \"Well,\" I said, \"That gets tricky.\" She immediately understood. \"Oh yeah. Working with your dad and everything, right?\" I nodded. \"The business used to be called Callaghan and Sons , but then when Peter went off to law school, it became Callaghan and Son . If I were to leave... it would just be Callaghan .\" She nodded, understanding my predicament. I cleared my throat, \"So, ready to move this up to Peter's?\" \"Okay,\" she replied. She stood and I began to remove the harnesses from around the sofa. She helped me lower it to the ground and we both pushed it towards the large glass doors of the complex, Lucy pulling in front and me pushing in the back. \"Just take a second here to unlock the doors,\" I said, beginning to move towards the doors. \"No, no, no. I got it,\" Lucy said. She rushed to the doors, holding one open with her hands and the other open with her legs, creating a sort of underpass with her body. \"See?\" she said proudly. \"Oh this technique?\" I said, amused, beginning to push the sofa under her and through the doors as she giggled, \"It's always very... very modern...\" I managed to get the sofa through, but just then a doorman approached me. The doors shut and Lucy took over taking care of the sofa. \"Excuse me, sir! What apartment?\" the doorman asked me. \"57G,\" I replied. \"Uh... well, sir, I'm sorry. Guests have to be announced,\" the doorman said. \"Well I'm with her. I'm helping her,\" I said pointing to Lucy inside. She gave a little wave before beginning to try and push the sofa on her own. I waved back. The doorman looked at her then back at me, unfazed. \"So?\" \"You don't know her?\" I asked, my old suspicions beginning to rise up once again. The doorman looked at her again. She accidentally crashed the sofa into the wall. \"No...\" he said hesitantly. Hmm, now why would a doorman not recognize a supposed regular visitor? Before I could say anything, the doorman quickly added, \"But I'm new here!\" Ah! Well, that explained it then. \"Oh, well she's Peter Callaghan's fiancee in 57G,\" I told him. \"Oh!\" the doorman exclaimed. He quickly opened the door for me. \"They told me about her, sir... She's scary.\" I smirked. \"Tell me about it.\" I entered and followed after Lucy. I found her at the elevator, trying to figure out what to do. She seemed to be comparing the width of the elevator to the width sofa, then deciding if it would fit if she were to turn it on its back. I chuckled slightly and approached her. \"You turn it vertical,\" I informed her. \"Oh, right,\" she said, grabbing a hold of one end to steady it as I took the other and pushed upwards until it sat on its side. It was a bit of a task to fit it into the elevator (I swear Peter's elevators are smaller than normal elevators), but after some maneuvering and a bit of sniggering, we managed. We took it upstairs to Peter's floor. After Lucy unlocked the apartment, we began to attempt to fit it through the door. Just as it was halfway through, it suddenly jammed and stopped. Maybe my original theory that Peter's elevators were smaller than normal. Now that it was stuck in the doorframe too, it seemed that this sofa was just larger than your average sofa! \"Ooh! Be careful,\" Lucy said. \"Uh, maybe we should angle it a little,\" I suggested. Lucy began to inspect the sofa and the doorframe. \"Umm... I think it's wedged.\" Well, I did move furniture for living. I knew all the ins and outs to it. I began to crouch down behind my side. \"Why don't you step back for a minute? I'm going to try an old trick,\" I said. Lucy did so. She watched me, curiously. \"What's the trick?\" she wondered. I gave her my most deadpan expression. \"Push it really hard,\" I said. She chuckled, but let me have at it. \"Okay.\" It was actually just pushing really hard in the right spot. It found it and gave it all I got. Nothing happened. \"Okay, push,\" Lucy said. \"I did,\" I replied. I stood up, resigned. It really was stuck. I saw Lucy, watching me, amused. \"Do you want me to help you now?\" she asked gingerly. \"Alright. A little help would be good,\" I said, defeated. \"Okay,\" she said, smiling. She stretched her hands then bent down, grabbing the sofa, ready to pull. I did the same on my end, ready to push. \"Ready? One, two... three!\" I said. We both gave it all we had. The sofa suddenly broke free, along with part of the doorframe. Lucy stumbled backwards into the apartment. She disappeared from my sight momentarily and I suddenly heard a loud crash of glass breaking. Uh-oh. I came around the corner to see the damage. I found Lucy sprawled out over a small desk and a broken vase on the ground in front of her not too far off, clearly knocked off when she fell on top of the desk. The broken vase was not the worst of it though. What was bad was that the vase had been filled with blue-stained water, which was now soaking into the white carpet. Lucy slowly stood up, cringing. I stared at the mess for a moment, considering. Then I smiled. \"I think the sofa should go right there,\" I said. Lucy giggled nervously. And so, after we cleared up the glass and soaked up most of the water, we moved the sofa over the big blue stain.[Chapter 5] After we covered our little mess in the apartment, we left and went back outside to go home. However, as we approached the truck, I saw that another car had parked directly behind it... extremely close. That would not have been a problem had I not already parked extremely close to the car in front of me. I was trapped! I ran to the truck. \"Oh no, no, no! Look at this! This idiot has blocked me in!\" I cried. \"Well I told you not to park that close,\" Lucy said. I shook my head in exasperation. What can happen in just a few short minutes! But we were by the meters. Maybe the owner of the car wouldn't be too long. \"Hey, check the meter, see what time,\" I said to Lucy. \"Oh it's 6:00. They could pretty much stay here all night if they wanted,\" she said. I nodded. Alright then. I didn't have any money for a cab and I was pretty sure she didn't either. \"All night, huh?\" There was always the option of heading back up into Peter's apartment. It wasn't like it was being occupied by anybody else anyways. Besides, it was pretty nice up there, even if it was a bit bleak. Shame to let it go to waste. We could easily just go up there, maybe test out the new sofa. Side by side, just me and her... Whoa! Where were these thoughts coming from? \"Umm... goodnight,\" Lucy said. I looked at her, her farewell suddenly breaking me out of my thoughts. Was she really going to walk home at this time, in this temperature, by herself? \"You're just going to leave me here with the truck?\" I asked. \"Basically. Yeah,\" she replied simply. Well, if she wasn't going to stay, I was not comfortable with the idea of her walking home alone at night. This was Chicago after all. \"Well maybe I ought to walk you back,\" I suggested, shuffling my foot. \"What for?\" she wondered. \"For protection,\" I replied. \"Oh no, I'm fine. I'm okay,\" she said. I was sure she would be, for the short amount of time I had known her, she seemed a very capable women. But despite my flaws, I was still a gentleman, and it would put my mind at ease if I knew she was safe. I gave her a slight smile. \"For me,\" I said, \"I don't want to be here by myself. This is Chicago.\" She smiled, amused, but she gave a gesture implying that I could come along. I hurried along after her, pleased. As we walked, I noticed her huddled up inside her coat, shivering. \"You look cold,\" I remarked. \"Hmm?\" she asked. \"You look cold,\" I repeated. \"Probably because I am cold,\" she said with a laugh, \"How about you?\" \"This jacket's reversible. I'm wearing the warm side now,\" I replied. \"Oh I see,\" she said, giggling. I looked at her again, still huddled up under her coat. Although large around her small figure, it looked old and not very warm. \"You need a better coat,\" I said. She looked at me. \"This was my dad's,\" she said. \"Oh, then he's probably freezing,\" I quipped. \"He passed away,\" Lucy said. Oh, whoops. I looked at my feet. \"Sorry.\" \"It's not your fault,\" Lucy said warmly, \"He passed away last year. I don't even remember my mom.\" I was not sure whether I was treading in dangerous waters by discussing dead family members, but she had seemed casual and pleasant about it thus far, so in attempt to make conversation, I decided to dig a little deeper. \"What was he like?\" I wondered. \"Oh he was a lot like me. Dark hair, flat chest.\" I let out a laugh. She did as well. I shook my head slightly, smiling. That had sounded like a joke I would have made. Suddenly all the previous times she had laughed at my stupid jokes were making a lot more sense. \"I meant what do you remember most about him?\" I said. \"Oh that! Well...\" she thought for a moment, \"He liked maps.\" I nodded. \"Yeah, I live by maps. My truck's filled with them.\" \"We used to hear about a place on the TV, he would pull out the atlas, and we would route out this like little way to get there.\" As she was talking, I thought about all the questioning I had done earlier. I decided to use this time we had now to begin asking questions to actually get to know her rather than to interrogate her. Hey, if we were going to be brother and sister-in-laws, we should know some stuff about each other. This talk about maps, sparked a new question. \"If there were on place in the world where you could go, where-?\" \"Florence!\" she answered before I even finished the question. I smiled slightly at her enthusiasm and she returned it. \"Italy? Ooh! I haven't delivered any furniture to Florence yet. But I'm told it's nice,\" I said. \"Yeah,\" she agreed. \"I take it you've never been there?\" \"Well, you know, the El doesn't exactly make it all the way to Florence. So you know,\" she said sounding slightly dejected. She suddenly began digging around in her small purse. \"Oh, but I do have...\" She pulled out a small booklet. A passport of all things. \"My passport,\" she said, smiling. I took it from her, laughing slightly. \"You have your passport?\" I asked in amazement. \"Yes I do.\" \"With you?\" \"Well just in case I need to quickly leave the country,\" she explained. \"That's perfect. It's great,\" I said, flipping through it. I came across her picture. It was clearly taken a few years ago since her hair was a bit shorter, but she looked exactly the same. Once again, I asserted that she was very pretty. Hmm... that thought was popping into my head more and more often. \"Oh, you're right. You're not photogenic at all,\" I said. She snatched the passport back from me and I grinned. \"Just joking,\" I told her. Then as she stuffed it back into her bag, I had to point out something I had noticed, \"There aren't any stamps in that.\" \"Yeah, well I haven't gone anywhere yet,\" Lucy replied, suddenly avoiding my eyes, \"But you know, I'm planning a trip to Florence really soon so... you know, I'll go.\" I watched her as she fidgeted with her hands for a moment. Something was telling me she had been planning this trip for an undisclosed amount of time. And that made me sad. I noticed we had stopped walking all while were were inspecting her passport. I began walking once more and she followed my lead. I could tell she had a deep connection to her father and an urge to travel, but something was holding her back. I decided not to bring up the fact that I had noticed the fact that she could easily go to Florence, but would not, so I stayed in safer waters by saying something vague in regards to her father, \"That'll make your dad very proud.\" \"Yeah,\" she said. There was a pause. \"You know, in a very small way, you kind of remind me of him a little bit,\" she said after a moment. I looked at her in surprise. Then I nodded, accepting it. She clearly admired her father, so I would take that as a complement. \"I see,\" I said, \"So he was a classy guy, always a gentleman. And a working man who-\" \"Who just stepped in doggie poopie,\" Lucy interrupted me, pointing to my foot. I looked down and sure enough, I had indeed stepped right into some dog poop. \"Oh!\" I cried and began to laugh. She laughed as well. \"Now that's classy!\" Lucy said as I tried wiping it off, \"That's classy!\" I continued asking more questions as we continued to walk, finding out more and more about her. She finally pointed out how much I was talking when we reached her block and I made my excuse that talking kept my face from freezing. The truth was though, I found her perpetually fascinating. The more I found out about her, the more I wanted to know. I couldn't help it. There was something... almost drawing me to her. It was strange. We finally reached her complex. She smiled at me. \"Well, thank you. I had a good time,\" she said. I looked ahead. There was an icy patch right in our path. \"Oh, it's slippery here,\" I pointed out. I gestured for her to step onto it. \"Come on,\" I encouraged, then stepped onto it myself, \"Got this far. I'll take you the rest of the way.\" \"But watch out, it's a little icy,\" Lucy said as we both began to carefully move forward over the ice. \"So umm... are you going to go see Peter tomorrow? she asked, but before I could say anything, she suddenly began to lose her balance. I caught her arm, stabilizing her. However, as soon as she was steady, my feet all of a sudden slipped out from beneath me and I was suddenly falling down towards the ice myself. Lucy caught me. \"Whoa!\" I gasped, clinging onto her. \"Do not take me with you!\" Lucy warned, beginning to laugh. I managed to find footing and started to straighten up. \"It's alright,\" I said, still holding onto Lucy just in case. \"You got it?\" she asked. \"Yeah,\" I said, just about to release her. But it was a good thing I didn't because her feet suddenly slipped out from beneath her. I clutched her tightly as she struggled to find traction. She giggled incessantly and grabbed my shoulder, struggling to pull herself up. I helped her turn around so she could grab both my shoulders to help pull herself up. I was laughing now too. \"Oh this is... this is bad,\" I said through my laughs, grabbing her under her arms and trying to pull her up while she attempted to climb up by my shoulders. It took several moments before she was finally upright. She managed to pull herself up, with some assistance from me and she came face to face with me. As I looked into her eyes, with her this close to me I suddenly felt this strange thrill surge through me. It was like an intense warmth spread all through my body and I suddenly wasn't aware of the cold around me anymore. I gave her a slight smile. She slipped slightly again and she suddenly looked away from me to fix her footing. As soon as that eye contact was broken, reality came crashing down on me like a cinder block. Whoa, whoa! Where had all that come from? No, no, no. No pleasure whatsoever in holding her like this, no matter how beautiful she looked in the glow of the surrounding Christmas lights. She continued to try and steady her feet against the icy ground. \"You alright?\" I asked. \"Yeah,\" she replied. \"I think we're alright now,\" I said, shifting my hold on her. She began to very slowly and cautiously move towards the side. \"Over this way?\" I asked. \"This way,\" she said. I began to follow her. However, I felt my feet begin to slip once again. I grabbed Lucy for support, but she had not been prepared for me that time. We both went down and crashed hard on our faces onto the ground. A loud ripping sound split the air. Lucy looked over at me, cracking up. \"What was that?\" she asked through her laughter. I reached back to my tender buttocks. That fall had been brutal. Something had ripped back there. Probably my pants, but maybe something else based on the pain I was now experiencing. \"Was that my pants or my muscles?\" I groaned. Lucy managed to get herself off the ice patch. She reached out to me. \"Give me your hand,\" she instructed. I grabbed her hand and she pulled me to safety, still giggling. I stood up and we both began brushing ourselves off as we slowly made our way towards Lucy's apartment. I looked back at the seat of my pants. There was a gaping hole where the entire back pocket had almost completely ripped off. \"Oh man!\" I laughed, \"Do you have an extra pair of pants in your apartment?\" \"If you fit into my pants, I will kill myself,\" Lucy said. I chuckled. \"You don't have to follow me,\" she added, noticing I was still trailing along behind her. \"You block the wind,\" I replied. She laughed again and I chuckled myself. We both stopped in front of the door leading to her apartment. She cleared her throat. \"I'll wait until you get inside,\" I said. \"Well, goodnight,\" she said. I smiled. \"Goodnight.\" \"I'll see you when I see you?\" she said, shrugging. I nodded. \"Yeah.\" She giggled and turned to go inside. She gave me a wave from the doorway. I returned it, then I watched her disappear inside. Once she was gone, I let out a breath I hadn't realized I had been holding. I finally turned to leave. Wow, that was something. ","Summary":" So I was cleaning out some files on my computer and came across this. An old story that I had start"},{"Movie":"Aquamarine","Title":"Aquamarine: Untitled Because I Suck At Titles","Author":"MISTER MacUpdatesTooRarely","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4684473","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 It's never easy being the new girl. Doing it more than once was no guarantee that it would be. Even after a whole year had passed, Hailey still didn't have anyone she'd call a real friend. True, there were the girls who let her sit with them during lunch and sometimes asked if she'd like to go with them to the mall after school, but she'd never taken them up on the offer, always making up some excuse about her mom wanting her home early. Maybe she just wasn't ready to make new best friends. Not like she and Claire weren't still in touch or anything. They'd been e-mailing each other nearly every day since Hailey'd arrived in Australia, but it just wasn't the same as being able to hang out together. Though she'd never dropped hints or anything, Hailey could tell that Claire wasn't doing that much better than her. Dealing with bully Cecilia Banks was easier thanks to Cecilia's father Mr Banks, and the dreamy lifeguard Raymond had managed to convince his dad that college could wait another year. It just wasn't the same, though. There was no good substitute for a friend you could tell everything to and have sleepovers with. Not even the tall handsome blonde lifeguard did the trick, though it did ease the pain. On the bright side, now that classes had ended, Claire was coming to Australia to spend the summer with Hailey and her mom at their house. It was Tuesday today; Claire's flight left tomorrow morning, Stateside time. And on a very bright note, there was Aquamarine, the bubbly blonde mermaid she and Claire had helped in her quest for love. The mermaid had last visited Hailey a month ago, but like Claire, she was also on her way over. Because of the distance she had to cross, Aqua's trip via swimming would take much longer than Claire's plane ride. According to Claire's last e-mail, Aqua had left for Australia three days ago. Judging by the length of the mermaid's previous trips, she'd probably arrive a day or two after Claire. Hailey couldn't wait for her best friends in the world. Unfortunately, she had to, though only for a short while. In the mean time, here she was strolling down the beach and just wishing time would go by faster. Not many people ventured this far from the pier, and the few that did, aside from her, were asleep on the sand under beach umbrellas. The area of the beach she walked down happened to be at the foot of a fairly high elevation with a few houses several meters back. Trees were scattered along the ridge, providing some measure of shade from the sun. Hailey reached up and adjusted her sunglasses so that they sat more comfortably on the bridge of her nose. Her mom had said to bring a hat; Hailey, of course, hadn't listened, deciding that the sunglasses were enough. Aside from the shades, she wore a pair of cargo shorts over a bathing suit, a shawl draped around her shoulders and tied at the front. A pair of flipflops protected her feet from the hot sand. Behind the shades, her eyes were half closed from boredom. For a place with so many ways to kill time, there sure wasn't a lot to do. She pushed the big toe of one foot under a seashell on the sand and kicked it up into the air, catching it in the palm of her hand. Why couldn't distractions just drop in like that? That was when a distraction in the form of a person did drop right in. A boy hit the sand right in front of her, flowing into a shoulder roll and coming up twisting so that he was facing her when he stood. \"Hey Hailey.\" She recognized him instantly; Ryan Hardy was in most of her classes at school. He didn't have a lot of friends, but he was well-known as someone who refused to let anything get boring when he was around. He was a bit below average height and fairly good-looking, with his wavy dark brown hair and equally dark eyes. Ryan had also been one of the first people in Australia to talk to her; at first he'd spoken in a very convincing Aussie accent, but dropped it after admitting that he wasn't from the Land Down Under either. \"Hey Ryan. Um, what was with the…\" She let her voice trail off and nodded towards the ridge. \"Oh, that. Well, you know, I just wanted to try climbing a tree,\" he indicated the one growing right on the edge, \"and I sorta fell out of the branches.\" As if to make a point, there was a snap from above, and a tree branch about as thick as Hailey's arm dropped right between them. Ryan stared at it for a few seconds before suggesting that they move the conversation, \"somewhere less prone to accidental whackage.\" He led her closer to the water, stopping along the way to pick up a couple of flat skipping stones. \"So what're you doing all the way out here?\" he asked, cocking back his arm to throw a stone. \"I could ask you the same question,\" she replied. \"You could, but I wouldn't answer, least not until you do. I asked first.\" Hailey lifted one corner of her mouth in a half grin. \"Just going for a walk.\" \"Nothing to do?\" he asked with a sidelong look, mimicking her amused expression. \"Never is.\" \"Oh, I wouldn't say that,\" he said as his arm whipped forward, sending the stone over the ocean. Hailey counted four skips. \"So long as you're alive, there's always something to do.\" \"Then dig a hole and bury me in it,\" she said, turning to continue her walk. He caught up with her after she'd gone ten steps, probably having finished his stones first. \"Come on, Hail.\" He was the only one so far to have given her any kind of nickname. Not counting \"new girl,\" \"newbie,\" or anything else of the sort, of course. \"There's tons to do.\" \"Oh yeah?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Okay. Name one thing.\" Ryan laughed. \"Ever been on a jet ski?\" Hailey smiled. \"No.\" \"There's a first time for everything, wouldn't you say?\" Hailey screamed, her eyes squeezed tight and her arms locked around Ryan's chest. He didn't seem to mind; on the contrary, he was laughing his head off. The jet ski sent sprays of water up behind it, roaring along at high speed. Ryan turned sharply, almost putting the vehicle on its side. \"Still think there's nothing to do around here?\" he shouted. Hailey opened her eyes when she felt the jet ski slow down. \"Should we be out this far?\" she asked; the people on the beach were barely distinguishable. \"I've been farther,\" he replied in a tone that sounded reassuring, but the words really didn't help much. \"Can we please head back?\" \"Fine,\" he muttered, turning the jet ski around. They sped back to the small boathouse hidden behind some rocks. The structure and jet ski technically belonged to Ryan's parents, but they used neither one and so let him take the jet ski out whenever he wanted so long as he kept it maintained. He pulled into the boathouse and killed the engine, then waited for Hailey to dismount before getting off himself. He knelt and chained the jet ski to the wooden dock, then pulled the boathouse water gate shut. \"Let's go get something to eat.\" \"It's always food and fun with boys, isn't it?\" \"Occasionally we take to beating each other senseless for no good reason. So, food?\" \"Sounds good to me.\" Over chili-n-steak sandwiches and lemonade, Hailey was finally able to learn more about the enigmatic Ryan Hardy. It was a well-known – but never publicly admitted – that nobody really knew anything about him; no one had ever even seen where he lived. Rumor had it that he'd never asked a girl out since arriving in Australia. Not that he didn't show interest in girls; his relatively close friends said that when pressed, he gave them names of girls he found attractive. Hailey couldn't help but wonder if her name had ever come up. \"So you've been here nearly a year,\" he said, taking a sip of his drink, \"and you still haven't made any friends?\" \"I've made friends ,\" she retorted defensively. \"Just not, you know, no close ones. No one I'd miss.\" \"No one you'd miss if they died, or no one you'd miss if they left?\" Hailey pretended to think that one over. \"Either one.\" \"Still miss your old town, huh?\" \"Well, how long did it take you to make new best friends?\" The speed with which he answered surprised her almost as much as the answer itself. \"Not long. A day, maybe two.\" \"Really?\" she asked skeptically. \"Don't believe me?\" \"Well,\" she said slowly, gathering her words. \"It just doesn't seem like you have any really close friends. I mean, the guys who sit at the same table as you at lunch are probably the closest, and I've never seen you hang around them after school.\" \"That just means I don't have any best friends at school. It doesn't mean I have no best friends at all.\" \"So who're your friends outside of school?\" \"Everyone's entitled to their secrets,\" he said mysteriously. \"Come on,\" she prodded. He just shook his head and took another bite of his sandwich. Hailey woke up extra early the next morning. On a whim, she grabbed a pair of binoculars before leaving the house, along with a bag of gummy worms for some semblance of breakfast. Something in her gut told her that if she could find Ryan, she'd learn exactly what he meant by not having any best friends in school. Claire's flight was leaving today – well, tonight for Hailey, morning for Claire – and for the simple reason that they were best friends, Hailey wanted to tell Claire about Ryan before she came over. To do that, however, Hailey would have to find out Ryan's secret. She walked for several minutes, popping a gummy worm into her mouth every three or so, before she saw Ryan. Like yesterday – and every other time she'd seen him, come to think of it – he wasn't dressed for the beach, wearing a pair of dark denim pants and a white t-shirt, with black shoes on his feet. She noticed that he had a bulging satchel over his shoulder; the shape of the bulge told her nothing about what might be inside. His pace was unhurried, but still gave the impression of trying to get somewhere as soon as possible. Hailey was careful to fall behind enough that she could duck behind a tree while some still lined the beach. It took a few more minutes of trailing before she realized that he was heading towards the boathouse. Clearly he intended to take the jet ski somewhere; the only other vehicle in the derelict structure was a motorboat that had definitely seen better days. But why the satchel and the secrecy if he was just going for a ride? Answer: he wasn't. Ryan suddenly stopped and turned around. Hailey threw herself sideways behind a fallen log before he saw her. That proved it; he didn't want to be followed. She waited ten seconds, then slowly got to her knees and peered through one of the log's still-leafy branches. Ryan had resumed walking, though at a faster pace. He hadn't seen her, but his suspicion had still been heightened. Hailey waited until he was quite a distance away before getting up to follow, this time sticking to the tree line. She remembered the route to the boathouse, most of it, and decided to risk letting him get out of sight, then running through the trees. It would take him a few minutes to prep the jet ski, enough time for her to catch up and find a place from which to watch. Once he had disappeared around the large rock that hid the boathouse, Hailey stood and sprinted down the path between the trees, occasionally leaping over large roots, though these were few and far in between. Finally, she came in view of the boathouse and quickly dropped behind a boulder. The back door was open; through it, she could see Ryan opening the watergate, satchel still over his shoulder. Once he'd done that, he knelt by a small trunk in the corner that she hadn't noticed the other day. From the trunk he took a length of chain with a small-ish hook on one end. He coiled the chain around one arm and pushed it up so that it hung on his shoulder. She watched with growing interest as he mounted the jet ski and fired it to life. He roared out of the boathouse. Hailey jumped to her feet and sped down the beach, keeping him in sight. She noticed that he wasn't going far from the shoreline, though she couldn't figure out where he was going. She was so focused on him that she didn't notice when the beach ended until she tripped over a rock. \"Ow!\" Hailey looked up; the sandy beach sloped upwards, turning into a slightly steep cliff. She realized that wherever Ryan was going on the jet ski, the only way to find out would be to get to the top of the precipice. It was a much easier climb than she expected, even with her flipflops. Once atop the rock face, she stopped to take in what she was seeing. The cliff overlooked a magnificent cove; the emerald seawater sparkled in the sunlight, and a large rock shaped vaguely like an oversized armchair sat in the center of the circular bay. The cliff narrowed to a rock wall roughly a meter thick that curved around and left only one entrance to the secret bay. It was through this access that Ryan came on his jet ski. Hailey snapped back to her senses and dropped to lie on her belly, bringing the binoculars to bear on Ryan. The high elevation made her hard to see, and the camo-painted binocs blended in with the shrub she had taken refuge behind. Ryan rode the jet ski to the armchair-rock, bringing it so close that it was touching the edge. He shrugged the chain from his shoulders. She noticed suddenly that a stone ring, just wide enough for the hook on the edge of the chain, sat right above the water level. Ryan hooked the jet ski to the rock; clearly he intended to stay for a while. He climbed onto the part of the rock that would be the backrest and made himself comfortable, apparently waiting for something. \"What are you doing?\" she silently asked. Minutes passed, and still nothing happened. Hailey was about to get up and leave when she saw movement in the water. Something was making a beeline for the rock, and whatever it was was moving fast. Ryan noticed it too, but reacted very differently. Through the binoculars, Hailey saw him smile. A dark spot under the water grew rapidly; whatever the thing was, it was coming to the surface, and fast. Hailey held her breath: finally, some answers! A figure burst from the water, splashing the rock, though not Ryan, who was mostly shielded by the rock's high side. Sunlight glinted briefly off bright green scales, though Hailey had a quick view of what looked like hair. Whatever it was dove again so quickly that Hailey hadn't gotten more than a glimpse – but she already had a good idea of what it was. She pressed the binoculars so hard to her eyes that she felt the skin around them being stretched, but she didn't care; she had to know. Was that what she thought it was? \"Come on, come on,\" she quietly willed…whatever it was. Ryan, she saw, wasn't the least bit surprised. He was expecting it! Five seconds later, it resurfaced, this time at the edge of the rock. Hailey's heart leapt into her throat. It was a mermaid . Not Aquamarine, that was for sure. This mermaid's flowing hair was a deep brown, almost black even in the sunlight. Her tail was an emerald green. She wasn't as slender as Aqua, but she was incredibly beautiful. She was saying something to Ryan, probably a hello. She was strong; she didn't need Ryan's help to pull herself into a sitting position next to him, the tip of her tail still in the water. Ryan put one arm around her shoulders, opening the satchel with the other and talking all the while. From it, he took two wrapped sandwiches, a bunch of grapes, and a thermos. Hailey desperately wished she could hear what they were saying. It occurred to her that the mermaid was probably the first friend Ryan had made, the best friend outside school that he'd mentioned. It was probably why he maintained the aura of passive mystery around him; people who may have wanted to dig deeper couldn't really find any reason to do so. The mermaid's hair began to shimmer, starting at the the tip and quickly moving up to her scalp. When the shine faded, Hailey saw that the mermaid's hair was now dry. \"Neat trick,\" she whispered. Either she had more powers than Aqua, or Aqua just never saw a reason to show Hailey and Claire that particular one. Now that it was dry, Hailey saw that the mermaid's hair was quite lush and wavy, not forgetting extremely long; it fell to her hips, or where they would be if she had them. Some of it fell diagonally across most of her face, hiding one eye and continuing over the side of her nose and pale red lips until it reached the base of her neck. Her mouth was perpetually turned up slightly at the corners – well, the corner that wasn't hidden by her hair – giving the impression that she was about to smile. So this was Ryan Hardy's best friend in Australia. Interesting secret. Ryan handed his friend one of the sandwiches, and she unwrapped it eagerly. Looked like she was a fan of landlubber food. Hailey focused the binoculars on the food; the sandwiches were filled with greens and some kind of meat, plus what was probably mustard. Ryan unwrapped his own snack as his friend bit into hers. Judging by her facial expression, the mermaid loved it. She chewed slowly and with gusto, a small smile on her face, the kind little kids put on when their moms buy them ice cream. Maybe Ryan didn't visit her everyday; it wasn't hard to believe that there were times he was too busy to come. Or maybe he just didn't make her that kind of sandwich very often. Hailey's stomach grumbled, and she suddenly realized how hungry she was. Gummy worms, no matter how tasty, did not make a good breakfast. She was torn between her need to eat and her desire to stay and watch. How did she know that Ryan would still be there when she finished eating? She bit her lip, thinking hard. It was possible that Ryan meant to spend the whole day with the mermaid, in which case Hailey could leave, have breakfast, and come back to the same scene. While she tried to decide what to do, Ryan raised the grapes to his friend's mouth and let her bite one off the bunch. Hailey's stomach grumbled again, only louder, and she made up her mind. She took the binoculars from around her neck and stashed them under the bush she'd been hiding behind. It was pretty unlikely that anyone else was going to show up anyway. Taking one last look at the scene below, she carefully made her way back down the slope, then ran for the food stores back at the pier. Hailey took extra care not to drop her food as she dashed back to the cliff. It was a long run, and a bit difficult because of her having to carry a can of iced tea in one hand and a packaged meal and small sandwich in the other arm. She tripped twice along the way, though she managed to hold on to the food. \"Please let them still be there,\" she whispered, then stopped to catch her breath. The cliff was already in sight, and it didn't look that much farther. Hopefully Ryan and his half-fish friend had stayed. The sand hadn't changed since she took off down the beach fifteen minutes earlier; there were only two sets of footprints, both hers. The boathouse water gate had still been open when she passed it earlier; it was a very good chance that Ryan was still at the cove. She scrambled up the slope, then dropped to a crouch and made her way to the bush. Her binoculars were still there. She set the food to one side and picked up the binocs, pressing them to her eyes. Yep, they were still there. The sandwiches were finished, and only a couple of grapes remained on the bunch. She noticed that he'd brought out two plastic mugs and was sharing something from the thermos with his friend, who was leaning against him, cradling her mug in one hand. The fingers of her other hand were twirling Ryan's hair. Interesting. Not that she'd ever really had any close pals who were guys, but Hailey couldn't remember when she'd ever run her hands through the hair of a boy who was just a friend. They weren't just friends, then. That was even more interesting. How did that work out? Sure, Aqua and Raymond had a budding romance, but that was different. Wasn't it? Well, whatever. Hailey dialed up the magnification, trying to read their lips. The mermaid took a deep drink, then set the mug down on the rock. Whatever she said next must've been something real mushy, 'cause Ryan grinned the kinda grin people only put on when that someone special says something sappy. He reached up and brushed the hair from her eyes, saying something that was probably as sentimental as whatever she had said. Then he leaned over and kissed her. Hailey's jaw dropped and banged against a rock, but she didn't notice. The mermaid threw her arms around Ryan's neck and pulled him closer, a smile on her lips. Well, the part that wasn't busy otherwise. One thought entered and stuck in Hailey's mind. \"Gotta tell Claire.\" Her food forgotten, she dropped the binocs and raced for her house, almost falling all the way down the slope. This had definitely gone up on the Unbelievable Things That Happen During Summer scale, from Pretty Cool to OMG. It was a long run, and she felt like she was about to die when she finally staggered up her front steps. She could barely get the door open before she collapsed on the floor. It took five minutes for her to catch her breath, another ten before the stitch in her side went away. When it did, she quickly got to her feet and lurched into the kitchen, taking a pitcher of cold water from the fridge and quickly drinking it down, though some splashed onto her shirt. After that, she grabbed the phone from its hook on the wall. Her mom only let her call Claire in the States if it was urgent, but this definitely counted as urgent. Despite it being around 10:30 in the evening over there, she knew Claire would still be awake; Hailey herself hadn't slept at all the night before flying to Australia. The phone rang thrice before Claire answered. She didn't sound the least bit sleepy. \"Hello?\" \"Claire, it's Hailey. I've got big news.\" She heard something moving around; maybe Claire was pulling up a seat. \"Shoot.\" \"Okay, you remember that guy I told you about before? Ryan?\" \"Oh yeah, the one you said was kinda cute and really mysterious and you'd totally say yes if he ever asked you—\" \"Yeah, that one,\" Hailey cut her friend off. \"Anyway, I found out why he doesn't have any close friends at school.\" \"Really? Why?\" \"Because he has a very special friend outside school.\" \"Oh, Hailey, I'm so sorry.\" Huh ? \"Now he's never gonna ask you out.\" \"Wait, what are you talking about?!\" There was an awkward pause. \"That's not what you meant, was it?\" \"NO!\" \"Oops. Sorry. So what did you mean?\" Hailey shook her head, though Claire couldn't see the gesture of annoyance. \"I got up early this morning and followed him to this cove really far down the beach. I don't think I'd've gotten there even if I was really bored and took a long walk.\" \"And?\" \"It was really well hidden, too. You'd think something the size of a cove would be hard to hide, but not this one. It was surrounded by really high walls and it only had one entrance from the sea, and I think that was a pretty complicated entrance too, 'cause it looked like it was sort of spiraly and—\" \"Get to the point already!\" \"He has a girlfriend.\" \"So? That's nothing big. Sad for you, but otherwise—\" \"A girlfriend with fins.\" It took a minute for the words to sink into Claire. \"No way.\" \"Way.\" Hailey looked around and spotted a carton of juice sitting by the fridge. She tucked the phone between her ear and shoulder, then grabbed the carton and drank deeply. \"A mermaid?! \" \"Bullseye, Claire-dy Cat,\" Hailey replied, wiping her mouth on the back of her hand. \"That's definitely a big secret,\" Claire said. \"You sure about what's going on between them?\" Claire didn't even ask whether Hailey was certain of what she'd seen. That was what Hailey really missed: the absolute trust one put in her best friend. She didn't have that now because, well, she didn't have a best friend anywhere nearby. \"It's not Aqua, though, is it?\" \"Nope, definitely not.\" \"And you've never seen her before?\" \"I've only ever met one mermaid, Claire.\" \"Look, you know how Aqua can have legs during the day? Maybe this girl goes around in daylight looking normal.\" Hailey had forgotten that little tidbit of information. She thought hard, trying to place the mermaid's pretty face somewhere aside from the cove. If she went around as a human, she'd probably stick close to Ryan. She'd never seen him anywhere but school, though. Well, school and the beach. She realized that she didn't even know where he lived. \"Don't think so, Claire. I don't see the guy around much, though, so I wouldn't really know.\" \"Hmmm. That's interesting.\" \"And we're going to find out more when you get here.\" \"If this involves more breaking into beach clubs after closing hours…\" \"Don't be such a scaredy-cat, Claire-dy Cat. And no, no beach clubs.\" She heard a sigh of relief from Claire, which prompted her to add, \"Probably his house.\" \"Hailey, if I get arrested—\" \"Then I will personally break you out of whatever state penitentiary or dingo pen they put you in, okay? Relax. I'll think of something.\" \"That's why I can't relax.\" \"See ya in a few hours, Claire-bear.\" \"See ya, Hail-whale.\" \"If that was a comment on—\" Click. Beep. \"I'll get you for that,\" Hailey muttered as she put the phone back on the hook.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 \"Hail-Whale my butt,\" Hailey grumbled as she took a bite out of the chocolate cupcake she'd bought on her way to where she now lay hidden underneath a pile of leaves. \"I need the sugar. I need the energy.\" She wanted to think that she'd kept fit, but it seemed that all there was to do in this place was eat, something she'd lamented to Claire about. She closed one eye and looked through the telescope perched on a rock in front of her. Still no Ryan. She felt a sudden panic; what if Ryan didn't use the same path back? Something about him told her that he read enough spy novels to know a few tricks. Taking the same route every time didn't seem smart even to someone like Hailey who knew next to nothing about the world of espionage. After a while, she reasoned that a smart way to keep a secret would be to act like there was no secret to be kept. He'd stick to the trail because that way, no one would think he was trying to avoid being followed or something. Maybe she'd guessed wrong at how long he'd hang out with his girl. It'd been close to four hours since she'd seen Ryan at the cove, and she'd thought he'd at least leave to go buy lunch for himself and his friend. The bag he'd had with him wasn't big enough to hold two meals for two people. It made sense to her, but she'd been lying in the same place for nearly fifteen minutes and her body was starting to ache. Patience was not something she had in spades. She slowly rotated the telescope, panning her view up and down the beach. Her hiding spot was a little past the tree Ryan had fallen out of the day before, six or seven meters from a well-worn path leading to the beach from somewhere too far for her to see or want to. It struck her then that it probably led to Ryan's house, and she felt a momentary urge to get up and follow it to find out exactly where he lived. The moment passed, however, as she took another look and saw Ryan coming down the beach. And he wasn't alone. Hailey looked closely and saw that it was indeed the mermaid, though her hair seemed shorter. And she had legs, of course. Ryan had probably brought her the clothes; she wore a loose white long-sleeved shirt, a pair of cargo shorts, and sandals. She was definitely good-looking enough that someone would've noticed her, which made Hailey wonder where they were going. If they hung out in public, people would talk. It took her a few seconds to realize that he was probably bringing her to his place. Hailey waited until the two were far enough down the path that they wouldn't hear her scramble out from under the leaves, which she did with no small amount of relief. She moved as fast as she could without making much noise until she saw the pair, at which point she slowed to a crawl. She tried to remember all the jungle warfare movies she'd watched, not that the list was particularly long. \"I bet a 'Nam sniper wouldn't have a hard time with this,\" she muttered, being extra careful not to step on the leaves and twigs that carpeted the ground. Then again, a 'Nam sniper would've been considerably better trained and in all likelihood wouldn't be stalking a guy and his half-human girlfriend through the Australian wildern—wait, sniper? The telescope! Hailey spun around, realizing that she hadn't picked up the telescope when she'd gotten up to follow Ryan. While the chances were pretty high that it'd still be there when she came back, she wasn't sure that she'd be able to find it if she waited until then, and it was worth fifteen bucks too much for her to risk losing. On the other hand, there was an even lower possibility of her being able to pick up Ryan's trail if she let him out of sight. \"If this were a cartoon, now would be a really good time for those two shoulder guys to pop up,\" she mumbled. No such luck; she'd have to make the decision on her own. After a few minutes' thinking, Hailey bit her lip and made up her mind. The choice wasn't all hers, though; by then, Ryan had vanished already, so her only option was to go back for the telescope and either try to catch up or just give up; no way was she going to stake out the path again. Fortunately, the telescope was still right where she'd left it, balanced precariously on a rock. She picked it up, muttering profanities that would've gotten her grounded for a week. Each. She sprinted back up the path; Ryan was probably too far to hear her running, so no sense worrying about it. \"Aw, monkey nuts.\" The dirt path merged into a larger gravel one, along which sat the backyards of five oldish but well-maintained houses. Ryan's and the mermaid's footprints were clearly visible in the dirt, but vanished into the tiny rocks and pebbles that made up the bigger trail. The pathway went around the side of the house at the end of the row; it was probably meant to be used for dropping stuff off. Right then, however, its purpose couldn't mean less to Hailey. She stamped her foot angrily and bit her lip. Unless she actually wanted to go door-to-door and ask whether Ryan lived in that house—which she certainly didn't—this was a dead end. If she had insanely powerful eyesight, she could find their trail by following the extra dirt that had to be on the gravel, but while she was wishing, she might as well have wished to be back in the States. She nibbled on the telescope's brass eyepiece when she abruptly hatched an idea. Each cream-colored house had two stories, plus what seemed to be an attic in each pointed roof. The first story of each house had one back door and a large window, three of which had the curtains drawn. All the second floors had three rectangular windows each; two big ones that were probably room windows and a small one that was probably at the end of the corridor between the rooms. There was a circular window at the very top of each house. Admittedly most houses had windows in such areas purely as decoration, but a quick peek through the telescope told Hailey that there was indeed a room behind each round pane of glass. She used the telescope to carefully scan each window for any sign of teenage habitation: stale pizza, pants thrown over everything, stuff like that. It suddenly occurred to her that she had no idea what to do once she found out which house was Ryan's, unless she actually wanted to sit in the bushes and watch it through the scope all day. Crazy though her friends thought she was, she wasn't quite that crazy. When a better idea refused to present itself, Hailey shrugged and headed back down the dirt trail with more than a small amount of irritation. She definitely had to start thinking things through. Not surprisingly, her mom wasn't at home when Hailey walked in through the back door. She dropped the telescope on a table by the door and headed up to her room, not sure what to do for the rest of the day. The two-story house she and her mom lived in was similar enough to their old one that Hailey didn't feel like she was just visiting, but different enough that she didn't feel quite as welcome as she should. Even after nearly a year, the place still didn't have that comforting feeling that made a house a home. What it lacked was history ; her home back in Florida had so many memories of her and Claire that it'd seemed like the only place she could ever really feel at home. True, she'd lived there for much longer than she'd been in Australia, but the point remained. She couldn't even remember what it'd been like when she first moved to Florida, which had been close to ten years ago. Hailey flopped onto her bed, kicking off her sandals with a sigh. She looked around and sighed again. The room had been decorated in a fashion close enough to her old one that she felt more than a twinge of nostalgia. Sunlight and a cool sea breeze streamed through the two open windows, rustling the straw hat that hung on a coat rack by her door, upon which also hung her—no, she realized with a start. Her binoculars weren't hanging there. They were still sitting atop the ridge from where she'd first espied Ryan's girlfriend. \"Oh shishkamonkeys.\" Hailey rolled off her bed and ran down the stairs while trying to pull on her sandals. That wasn't such a good idea; she tripped and fell down the last three steps, but was up and out the door within seconds. Those binoculars belonged to her mother, and she was dead if they weren't there for her mom to see when she got home at five. Hailey tore down the beach at a speed that amazed even her, not once stopping to consider that five o'clock was at least an hour away. Sudden panic tended to override rational thought; it certainly was the case right at that moment. A stitch formed in her chest as she neared the boathouse. She clutched at her side, but didn't slow down, though she squeezed her eyes shut as she took gasping breaths. Then she collided with someone who was carrying something that splashed the both of them. She went sprawling on the sand. For a few seconds, Hailey was too winded to do much more than stare up into the sky and pant. She didn't think about checking to see whom she had slammed into, but she didn't need to. \"Not that I'm qualified to give sports advice or anything,\" Ryan's somewhat amused voice said, \"but when practicing for a marathon, it's generally a good idea to keep your eyes open.\" Ryan, his hair and shirt sopping wet, appeared in her field of vision. \"You okay?\" Hailey nodded, still gasping for air, though not quite as desperately. Ryan held out his hand. \"Up you get.\" She took it and he hauled her to her feet. \"That's it, deep breaths,\" he said, offering her his arm to keep her steady. \"I'm fine, thanks,\" she answered, noting that he seemed to be alone. On the ground behind him, however, there was an upturned bucket near a patch of wet, disturbed sand where he must've fallen. Ryan let go of her and wrung part of his dripping shirt, squeezing out some of whatever had spilled on him. From the footprints on the sand, Hailey could guess what had happened. Ryan had been coming from the boathouse, had stepped out from behind the rock right into Hailey's path. She wasn't sure, but Hailey thought there were only enough footprints for Ryan; where was his merfriend? \"Track meet jokes aside, what were you doing running out here like your house was on fire?\" \"Would you believe me if I told you that it was?\" \"If your house was on fire, you wouldn't be taking the time to talk to me about it.\" \"Point. I, uh,\" she paused, thinking hard. \"I was—\" \"Ryan, I think you left—oh, hello.\" Both Hailey and Ryan turned to look at who had spoken. Hailey's stomach leapt; it was the mermaid. She had Ryan's brown satchel in one hand and an expression of slight surprise on her face. \"I saw that you left your bag behind, and I thought I'd bring it to you.\" \"Thanks,\" Ryan said, taking the bag from her. She had a very pleasant liquid voice, as smooth and soothing as a calm sea. Now that she was up close, Hailey saw that she had deep green eyes, almost hypnotically so, and that she was slightly taller than Hailey. Well, on legs at least. There was a streak of emerald green in her hair that Hailey hadn't noticed through the binoculars. \"Hailey, this is Jade,\" Ryan introduced them. \"Jade, Hailey.\" Jade flashed a very pretty smile, and held out her hand. Hailey took and shook it. \"Jade is, ah, a—\" \"A friend,\" Jade provided. \"Oh. I don't think I've seen you around school,\" Hailey probed, trying to see how Ryan would excuse the girl's mysterious nature. Hailey wondered if 'Jade' was even her name, though it was certainly more than possible. \"Home-schooled,\" Ryan answered, though it was delayed enough that Hailey knew he'd had to think it over, no matter how quickly he had done so. \"Oh, okay.\" Ryan seemed to have forgotten that he'd asked Hailey why she'd been sprinting down the beach. \"Hey, would you excuse me for a sec? I've got a spare shirt in here, and I don't think I should let this one dry 'cause then I'd pneumonia, linger in the hospital for a few months, and die miserably.\" Both girls raised an eyebrow. \"I mean, I'd better change.\" Hailey nodded her consent, a little excited at the prospect of being alone with the mermaid. Ryan disappeared behind the large boulder that hid the boathouse. Hailey almost asked how long Jade and Ryan had been together, but caught herself; it was too early in the game to reveal that she knew who—or more, precisely, what Jade really was. \"So, how long have you and Ryan known each other?\" Hailey inquired, having suddenly found a way to learn out more about the mysterious Ryan Hardy. Provided the mermaid answered truthfully, of course, though Hailey had no way to check the veracity of the answers. \"Well, he moved over here about three years ago. I met him the day he arrived, and we've been friends ever since.\" \"D'you live next door to him or something?\" \"Pretty much, yeah.\" Jade spoke accentless English, which Hailey found slightly odd. If Jade wanted Hailey to believe that she was a born-and-raised Australian, she had to know that there was no way she could sell it without the accent. Maybe she'd never been around anyone but Ryan and so had never even heard an Aussie speak. Hailey doubted that Australian merpeople—or merpeople of any nationality, for that matter—actually had accents. Before she could ask any more questions, Ryan reappeared wearing a new, dry shirt, his bag slung over one shoulder. \"Hey, what say we head back up the beach and get something to eat?\" Hailey almost did a double-take; was he actually expecting Jade to go with them and blow his secret? \"Actually, I should be getting back home,\" Jade replied, glancing at her wrist. Hailey saw she had a watch on, something she hadn't noticed earlier. Probably Ryan's; it was too small to be a diver's watch, so it'd be useless at the depths Jade probably lived. \"My mom wanted me back by four,\" the mermaid finished. Ryan nodded, but his face didn't change. Hailey understood; Ryan's invitation was perfectly ordinary, meaning Hailey couldn't turn it down without making either him or his girl suspicious. While Hailey was away with Ryan, Jade could return to the sea. Her excuse made perfect sense, so questioning it would get Hailey nowhere. Left with no other option, Hailey nodded as well. \"Hailey, it was nice to meet you. I'll see you later, Ryan.\" Jade headed back into the treeline. Hailey suppressed a sigh; she'd been hoping to find out more about Jade, but that clearly wasn't in the cards. She followed Ryan as he headed down the way she'd come, her mom's binoculars forgotten. \"I swear, you must have a bottomless pit for a stomach.\" Ryan swallowed the last of his fourth steak sandwich and took a swig of cola before answering, \"Hey, I spend most of every day walking on the beach. I get hungry a lot.\" \"No, I get hungry a lot. You are a certified Sarlacc.\" Ryan blinked twice, then leaned back in his seat and laughed. \"I can't believe I've found someone who actually calls it something other than 'the big snake pit thing,'\" he remarked, wiping away tears of mirth. Hailey smiled and sipped her soda; most guys who were into Star Wars didn't expect girls to know more than the names of the main characters. She hadn't pegged Ryan for a fanboy, but then again, there were a lot of things she hadn't pegged him for that had wound up being tossed into the trash. \"Well, a guy's gotta eat,\" Ryan said as he stood up. \"Gonna go get some fries to wash down the sandwich?\" Ryan paused. \"Actually, I was just gonna get more soda, but fries sound like a good idea.\" It was Hailey's turn to laugh. Ryan grinned, then headed down the boardwalk to buy more food. Hailey tilted her wooden chair backwards and put her feet up on the extra seat at their table. She sat facing the sea, her back to the path that led to the residential areas. She raised her soda can to her mouth and took another drink. When she put it down, she saw someone very familiar heading up the sand towards where she sat. \"Aqua!\" Hailey practically jumped out of her seat and ran to give her friend a big hug. Aquamarine, the mermaid who'd changed Hailey's and Claire's lives the previous summer, returned the hug with enthusiasm. \"You have no idea how glad I am to see you,\" Hailey told her friend as she let go. \"Believe me, the feeling's mutual,\" Aqua answered, tossing her blonde hair over one shoulder. \"You have no idea how boring some fish can get.\" Hailey nodded, a half grin on her face. \"When did you get here?\" \"Oh, five minutes ago. Literally.\" Hailey led her back to the table and gave her the extra seat, noting that Ryan wasn't back yet. She only realized that Aqua was actually wearing clothes—a cream-colored summer dress with a knee-length skirt—when they were both seated. \"Hey, where'd you get the threads?\" \"Florida.\" \"You swam all the way here in that?\" Aqua smiled. \"Didn't you ever wonder what I did with your sweater when I wasn't wearing it, back when you and Claire were helping me with Raymond?\" It had been a point of mystery which Hailey had eventually put aside, but now her curiosity was back. \"You gonna tell me?\" she asked hopefully. To her annoyance, the mermaid laughed and said, \"You know how magicians never reveal their secrets? Mermaids are worse.\" Hailey pouted and gave her friend a playful shove. \"You're mean.\" \"And you ask too many questions.\" \"And you should answer them.\" \"Then I'd be an enabler.\" \"Since when did you study psychology?\" \"I'm sorry, I don't believe we've met,\" Ryan's voice cut into their mock-argument. He had come up behind Aqua without Hailey noticing, no mean feat considering the food he'd brought back. She couldn't understand how he was still hungry, but at least she knew what'd taken him so long. \"Ryan, this is my friend Aquamarine. From Florida,\" she added. Ryan set down his food and held his hand out to Aqua. \"Pleasure to meet you,\" Aquamarine told him as she stood and shook his hand. She was nearly as tall as he was, probably the same height considering that she was wearing sandals and he had on what Hailey suspected to be combat boots. \"Pleasure's all mine, actually,\" came Ryan's courteous response. It probably was, too; Aqua was definitely pretty, with her sparkling blue eyes, long blonde hair, and charmingly innocent smile. Her willowy figure, accentuated by the slightly form-hugging dress, contributed as well. Not that Ryan was unused to gorgeous ladies; Jade was, after all, one of the best-looking girls Hailey had ever seen, whether in person or on TV. Even so, Aqua was nothing to ignore. Hailey felt a slight twinge of uncertainty, wondering if Ryan would even notice her with Jade—and now Aqua—around. Both Aqua and Ryan sat, and Ryan, being the gentleman Hailey now knew for sure that he was, offered the girls some of the french fries from his ridiculously large bucket. If Hailey ever wound up taking physics as a college major, she'd be sure to write her thesis on boy's digestive systems and the incredible similarity to black holes. \"Have you been in town long?\" Ryan queried Aqua. She shook her head. \"Just arrived. Dropped by Hailey's, and her mom said she'd probably be down at the beach, so here I am.\" \"First time in Australia?\" It occurred to Hailey that Ryan sounded like he was investigating Aqua; she had a sneaking suspicion that he'd seen her before on one of her visits, which were sporadic enough that they couldn't be excused as vacations. Maybe she was being paranoid, but there was a fair chance Ryan would find out who—or what—Aqua really was. It wasn't like he was unaware of merpeople's existence. \"I've been here once or twice,\" Aqua deflected his probing. \"Never for very long, though; you know, college and all that.\" \"Right. I take it you haven't seen all the sights, then.\" \"Well, I've seen the GBR.\" She probably had; the Great Barrier Reef was definitely easily accessible to water-folk. \"How long'll you be in town?\" Ryan pushed. \"Oh, a while. Haven't made any definite plans yet.\" \"Live for the moment type, eh?\" \"More or less.\" Hailey decided to let Aqua do most of the talking; the mermaid's people skills had improved considerably since she and Raymond had started dating. Still, Hailey made sure to keep one ear peeled in case Aqua let something slip. \"Well, here's hoping you enjoy our island paradise,\" Ryan declared as he raised his Coke. Hailey realized with a start that he'd been speaking in his Australian accent, though he'd tuned it down a bunch from when she'd first heard it. It was still pretty convincing, though. \"You live here?\" It was Aqua's turn to ask the questions. \"Guess you could call it that,\" came Ryan's somewhat cryptic response. \"Not a native?\" \"Assuming your definition of 'native' doesn't include someone whose ancestors were exiled here hundreds of years ago, no, I'm not native.\" Both girls snorted, which hurt Hailey since she had been sipping her soda. Ryan definitely had a very quick wit. He'd also done it without dropping the accent, for which Hailey gave him kudos. If he weren't so obviously crazy about Jade, Hailey would've seriously considered going after him. She glanced at her watch and saw that it was almost five; her mom would be home soon, contrary to Aqua's little lie. She grabbed her friend's hand and stood. \"Sorry Ryan, but mom wanted me back by five. Chores to do and all that,\" she excused them. Ryan simply nodded. \"It was nice to meet you,\" Aqua told him as Hailey pulled her away. \"The feeling's mutual,\" he called after them before going back to his food. \"So I'm assuming you really did just arrive,\" Hailey said to her friend as they walked down the path to Hailey's house. \"That's what I said, wasn't it?\" \"And I'm assuming you didn't just come from my house, since my mom doesn't get home until ten past five.\" \"No, that part was true.\" Hailey stopped abruptly and spun to face Aqua. \"You're kidding.\" \"Nope. She was there, and she did say you were probably down at the beach.\" Suddenly a wave of horror washed through Hailey's mind; the binoculars were still at the cove, the house was still mostly a mess, and…well, there were probably about a hundred other things Hailey hadn't taken care of that had slipped her mind. \"Crudcrudcrudcrud! We gotta get back, NOW!\" \"What?\" Without bothering to explain, Hailey tore off down the path, leaving Aqua standing alone with a bewildered expression on her face. \"Humans,\" she muttered.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 \"What'd you tell your mom?\" Aqua asked as Hailey emerged from the back door. The girl shrugged and dropped into one of the porch seats. \"I just said I lent the binoculars to someone and that they'll give it back. And that you're in town again. Which she already knows, but whatever.\" \"Out of curiosity, how did you explain my frequent and somewhat random visits?\" \"Pre-grad school backpacking around the world.\" \"Very nice. She bought it, I assume?\" Hailey laughed. \"Well, considering that she did it after college, it's not too hard to believe that you're doing it too.\" \"Really?\" \"Yes, really.\" Aqua slid off the railing she'd been sitting on and straightened the hem of her dress. \"Mom was always a little adventurous,\" Hailey added, almost to herself. \"Probably why she got up and jumped over here so quickly.\" Aqua sat down on the chair next to Hailey's. \"You still haven't forgiven her for picking up and moving without even asking you.\" It wasn't a question. Hailey sighed and leaned back, which was enough of an answer in its own way. \"Anything I can say to help?\" \"You could change the topic.\" \"Fine. Your life. So, am I gonna stay in the guest bedroom or—\" \"You know she didn't even ask me when she decided to make the move? I mean, she gave me a few months' warning and all, but it would've been nice to think that I had a say in something like this.\" The mermaid let out a breath and relaxed her posture. She'd long since learned that ranting humans were best left to say whatever was on their minds, though she couldn't understand why they had to get started in the first place. \"It's like I don't even matter compared to her job, you know? She just comes home one day, tells me that we're moving across the planet and does she even care enough to ask what I think? And then she says she can't understand why I was acting the way I was? I…\" Aqua zoned back in when she detected that Hailey had finally run out of steam. She didn't even catch the girl's last words, and frankly, that was just fine with her. She took a deep breath and prepared to deliver one of the many answers to such a rant that she'd prepared on the long trip over. \"Hailey, I—\" The back door swung open and Hailey's mother emerged with a tray of buttery-looking biscuits and a pitcher of what looked like orange juice, plus two empty glasses. She wore a black dress and make-up, which struck Aqua as odd, though Hailey didn't seem to notice. \"Hello, Aqua.\" \"Hi Mrs Rogers.\" She set the tray down on table in front of Hailey and poured each girl a drink. \"Hailey tells me you're backpacking around the world,\" Mrs Rogers said as she straightened up. \"Oh yeah. There's just so much to see, and I want to experience a lot more in the world before going for my masters degree.\" \"Well, that sounds fantastic. I went backpacking myself, but I didn't really go around as much as I planned. Where've you been?\" \"Actually, I just got off a very long flight from France. I was exploring Normandy; the coastal cities, that kind of stuff.\" Hailey's mom leaned against the faded white wall; she was clearly enjoying the conversation. \"Wow. I've never even been to France, though I've always wanted to see Saint-Malo.\" \"Oh, Saint-Malo is just gorgeous,\" Aqua answered, ignoring Hailey's partly-disguised look of awe. \"It's just so full of things to see. Walking along the walls is really an experience, and then there's the piscine de Bon-Secour .\" \"Oh yes, the swimming pool of the sea. I would love to see that one day.\" \"You really should.\" Mrs Rogers sighed, probably wishing she were still young and free enough to go traveling around the world. \"Anyway, I've fixed up the guest bedroom for you, but you'll have to share it with Claire when she arrives.\" \"That's alright; I've never enjoyed sleeping alone anyway.\" \"Okay. Well,\" Hailey's mother continued, glancing at her watch, \"I'll leave you girls to yourselves. I have a dinner to attend, so I won't be home until close to midnight.\" That explained the dress. \"See you later,\" Mrs Rogers said as she went back into the house. \"Bye mom. Have a good time,\" Hailey called after her mother. A few minutes later they heard the sound of the car revving and backing out of the drive. Hailey downed the rest of her juice and stood up. \"Let's head inside. We have a lot to talk about.\" She waved Aqua in ahead of her, then paused to grab the tray of refreshments. Hey, a girl had to eat. They'd headed inside to the kitchen; Aqua sat at the counter sipping orange juice while Hailey stood at the stove, having volunteered to cook them dinner. The smell of frying garlic filled the room and wafted out the windows. Since the other rooms were accessible through doorless arches, the smell probably filled the rest of the house too. It wasn't a particularly large kitchen, but it held about everything one would need in such a place. The large cream-colored refrigerator stood beside the opening to the dining room. Next to it stood a white-tiled counter that ran to the opposite wall, interrupted only by the black cooking range. Glass-windowed cabinets under the counter held the things one would need to have a meal; neatly stacked plates and bowls stood next to drawers of silverware, spices, and condiments. Pots, pans, and the like hung from pegs in the wall, and a small collection of cookbooks sat in the corner. A chopping board lay on the stretch of counter next to the range, and two pork chops were on top of that. Aqua had offered to help prepare the food, but Hailey claimed to know exactly what she was doing. Not that it was very comforting. \"A mermaid, eh?\" \"Yep. The whole package, with the fins and the ridiculously long hair and the seashell bra…okay, she didn't have the seashell bra,\" Hailey amended hastily when Aqua opened her mouth to interrupt. \"But yes, a mermaid.\" \"Now that's very interesting…\" Aqua trailed off, thinking hard. \"You know, for such a secretive species, there's an awful lot of you hanging around with humans,\" Hailey commented, taking a bite out of a cookie. \"And for a species as concerned with their weight as yours, you sure eat an awful lot,\" came the mermaid's retort. \"Geez, sorry. Talk about sensitive.\" \"It's called quick wit. You might want to try it out.\" \"Haha, very funny,\" Hailey muttered as she rolled her eyes. \"Let's get back to the issue at hand.\" \"Right. Ryan's mermaid. What do you know about her?\" \"Aside from what I've already told you? Pretty much nothing. She's as much of a mystery as Ryan.\" \"Well then, we're gonna have to see if we can find out more, huh?\" \"Guess so,\" Hailey replied, finishing off the cookie and picking up another one. Aqua took a long drink from her glass as Hailey started speaking again. \"Claire's flight probably just left, so she's not arriving for over a day. When she gets here, we'd better have something good to tell her.\" \"Because…?\" \"Because she'll know what to do about it. She always was the smart one.\" \"I thought you were the smart one.\" \"No, I'm the gutsy one.\" \"Does that make you—\" \"No, it does not make me stupid.\" \"Just had to clarify that.\" Hailey used the stainless steel spatula to pick up the pork chops and drop them into the frying pan. There was a hiss, and a cloud of steam filled the room. \"I don't think it was supposed to do that,\" Hailey muttered, almost too softly for Aqua to hear. \"You know, Hail, I'm starting to feel not so good about this,\" Aqua said, a slight quiver in her voice. \"Look, relax, I know what I'm doing,\" Hailey reassured her. \"Sorry. It's just that dying in a fire seems like a really weird way for a mermaid to go. And I'd feel better if you didn't keep eating while you're doing that,\" she added, taking the tray of cookies from its position next to the stove. Hailey made a face, but went on with her work, tossing in a dash of pepper. \"What're you making, by the way?\" Aqua asked. \"Heck if I know, but it'll probably be good,\" came the not-quite-helpful answer. \"Look, forget about the food for a second,\" Hailey told her. \"Right, forget about my impending death by food poisoning due to the incompetence of one of my best friends.\" \"Come on. Just trust me.\" \"Fine.\" \"Okay, I was thinking that we get up real early and head out to the cove before Ryan gets there.\" \"What makes you so sure he'll head to the cove?\" \"He can't take her to eat on the boardwalk; people would notice.\" \"No, I mean, why're you so sure the first thing he'll do is head out to meet his secret girlfriend?\" \"Because she's his ultra-hot secret girlfriend. Meeting up with ultra-hot secret girlfriends is always first on every teenage guy's to-do list.\" \"That actually makes sense.\" \"Of course it does. Hand me a couple of plates, will you?\" After finishing dinner and cleaning up, the two girls had headed out to the beach. Aquamarine would lose her legs at sunset, which made it a bad idea for her to actually spend the night in Hailey's house, unless she slept in the bathtub. \"In hindsight, you probably should've told your mom that I'd found a place in town,\" Aqua said as she lazily drifted in circles not far from the shore. Hailey leaned back and closed her eyes, almost wishing she could fall asleep and spend the night where she lay underneath a rocky outcropping that jutted out over the water. It was a little risky to be relaxing in such an open place a few hundred meters from the boardwalk, but it was their hang-out every time Aqua dropped in. So far, they had yet to be seen by anyone. \"Nah, she wouldn't let you spend half a cent if you could stay with us,\" Hailey replied sleepily. \"'Sides, it's not like she'd find out you weren't there anyway. So long as you get back into the house by breakfast, the charade survives.\" The sound of the waves softly washing onto the sand was a hypnotic lullaby; she was already fighting to keep her eyes open. \"Just lock the door, you climb in through my window come morning, and…\" The next thing she knew, she was wide awake, soaking wet, and her heart rate had jumped to match the speed of a sports car in high gear. \"What did you do?\" she demanded, fixing Aquamarine with an angry look. The mermaid shrugged and said, \"You fell asleep.\" \"So what, you splashed half the ocean on me?\" Hailey tugged off her shirt, thankful that she'd worn her bathing suit underneath. \"I just figured that your mom would find it really weird if you were discovered asleep out here,\" was the sarcastic response. Hailey wrung her shirt, squeezing as much seawater out as she could. \"Thanks for waking me up, then,\" she grumbled. \"I actually find that kind of weird,\" Aqua commented, leisurely floating on her back as the waves carried her close to the sand. \"Your kind has the weirdest reactions to water. I mean, it wakes you up? I couldn't sleep a wink without it.\" \"You literally can't sleep without it, Aqua, unless you don't mind having your tail dry up and die. That'd be the mermaid version of drowning, I assume.\" \"And it's not just the wake-up with a shock thing,\" Aqua went on as though she hadn't heard Hailey's comeback. \"You can't live without it, but you'd die if you were stuck in it too long. If someone had told me that before I'd met you and Claire, I'd call it utter bullshark.\" That drew a laugh and a retort from Hailey; \"Yes, being one-hundred percent human is on the universe's Top Ten list of weird stuff. It's right above being one-hundred percent fish, as I recall.\" \"Ah, there's that wit we were talking about earlier. Glad to see you've got it after all.\" \"Out of curiosity, how'd you get here so fast?\" Hailey asked, changing the subject while she continued to twist as much seawater out of her shirt as she could. \"I took a shortcut,\" Aqua replied. \"A shortcut?\" \"Even if I told you, it wouldn't matter much,\" the mermaid replied before submerging headfirst, her tail making no more than a ripple as it slid beneath the waves. \"Nobody ever tells me anything,\" Hailey grumbled as she tugged her mostly-dry top back on. \"Read 20, 000 Leagues Under the Sea ,\" Aqua said as she resurfaced. \"It'll give you a fairly good idea as well as a better sense of literary appreciation.\" Hailey laughed; this from the mermaid who'd learned to interact with boys from tabloids and magazines! \"Well, I'm gonna head back home. Don't forget, you've got to be back by dawn.\" \"Righty-oh. See you in the morning.\" Hailey waved and started towards the houses a kilometer or so away. Behind her, she heard a splash as Aqua dropped underwater. Hailey had grown up loving the water, and she spent a lot of time wondering what it was like to be a mermaid. As she walked back towards home, she thought for the millionth time how amazing it was just to be friends with Aqua. There were so many questions she had that she'd wanted to find the answers to long before that fateful storm a little less than a year ago, when Aquamarine had suddenly dove into their lives. Things like how they slept, what they ate, what they watched on TV; heck, did they even have anything like TV? Meeting Aqua had only added to the pile, and the mermaid answered fewer questions than she created, whether unwittingly or on purpose. Did their special powers vary from merperson to merperson? Did they actually live in undersea kingdoms and go to crustaceans for advice? They did listen to starfish, and that wasn't exactly something one could just take in stride. Hailey reached the back door and unlocked it, her mind switching from the mermaid-related musings to musing once more about Ryan Hardy. Aside from finding the general area in which he lived, Hailey still knew nothing about him. While learning that he was seeing a mermaid answered the question of what he did in his spare time, it sprouted several more. She made sure to lock the guest bedroom before heading to her own, though she left the window open in case Aqua decided to climb in there instead. Out of curiosity, Hailey had spent a couple of nights in the extra bedroom, but it didn't feel as good as her own. Her bedroom was in the part of the house facing the ocean; she had a fairly good view in the morning. The single bed—which she'd been trying to convince her mom to replace with a queen-sized one, or a bunk—was against one corner. Across it sat her desk on which stood the fishbowl containing her pet fish. A dresser was placed at the foot of her bed, on top of which was the makeup kit she never used. Her small collection of footwear occupied a wooden rack next to her desk. She actually liked her room here in Australia much more than the one back in Baybridge, though she would never admit that to her mom. The wooden walls were painted a soothing caramel color, with simple yet beautiful carved decorations that added a touch of sophistication. She didn't have a ceiling light; instead, floor lamps stood in the three unoccupied corners of the room, and a fluorescent reading light sat on her desk and the side table next to her bed. A glance at her watch told her that it was still too early to go to bed, so she plonked down at her desk and poked at the fishbowl. Though Martin was a good fish, at least as far as fish went, he just wasn't Roby. That sounded weird even in her head, since fish pretty much just swam around and ate, which didn't leave much to compare. Still, she missed Roby. It seemed Martin wasn't in a sociable mood, judging by his refusal to come out of his coral castle, so Hailey got up and went to change into her bedclothes. Afterwards, she killed the light and flopped down on her bed, though she still wasn't ready to fall asleep. She reached over and turned on the lamp that stood on the bedside table, then picked up a magazine from the many dozens that were under her bed. After ten minutes of flipping through the pages without reading anything, she gave up and tossed it to the floor, then turned the lamp back off. She'd never been able to get to sleep very easily, at least in her own bed, and it had only gotten worse since the intercontinental move. It was too hot, too cold, the mattress was too stiff, the pillow needed fluffing; any of a hundred different things could bother her for hours. With some luck, tonight wouldn't be one of those nights. All around her, the city burned in shadow. She was looking for something, but she had no idea what. Or who. There was nobody but her on the streets except for a lone dog that scavenged the open dumpsters. \"What are you looking for?\" a voice behind her whispered. Hailey whirled around only to find that nobody stood there. \"Are you looking for me?\" the voice said again, this time from her left. She spun, but again found no one. They started coming in droves; \"How about me?\" \"Do you know what you're looking for?\" \"Are you lost?\" \"Did you lose something?\" \"Where is the cake?\" She grew dizzy from spinning around and around, trying to see who was talking to her. Suddenly the voices stopped. All was silent for a few minutes. Hailey held her breath, listening intently for the slightest sound. Even the dog had disappeared into the darkness. Just as she started to finally calm down, someone behind her said, \"Maybe it's me.\" She whirled and found herself face-to-face with a grinning opera mask. \"You were expecting someone else?\" the voice said from behind the mask and the robes that cloaked the figure. In a flash, she reached up and grabbed the mask, yanking it away to expose the face that wore it. Only there was nothing there; the robes fell to the ground, empty. Hailey stood holding the mask, a look of confusion on her face. The cityscape was absolutely silent. There came a loud noise from behind her, and she spun and threw the mask as hard as she could at Aqua, who nimbly dodged the pocket book that Hailey flung at her. The mermaid had one foot in the room, the other still outside the window, which had woken Hailey when Aqua opened it from the outside and made a not-quite-loud but still startling noise. It took Hailey a minute to process what she was seeing, her brain still groggy. \"What time is it?\" she mumbled. \"Ten past six,\" Aqua answered as she completed her entrance and shut the window behind her. \"As I recall, your mom gets up around seven, and it takes at least ten minutes to make the guest bed look like someone actually slept in it.\" \"Right, right,\" Hailey muttered, trying to shake off her sleepiness as she climbed out of bed. She staggered to the door and opened it, grabbing the key to the guest room from her desk as she did so. Aqua silently followed her into the hall and waited as Hailey unlocked the room opposite hers. She pushed the door open and shuffled into the room, beckoning Aqua inside. The mermaid came in and flopped down on the bed; Hailey's mom had to believe that someone had actually used it. Hailey shut the door behind her and dropped on the couch that occupied half of one wall. She'd thrown off most of her drowsiness, but she still had to fight to stay awake. \"Aqua,\" she called. \"Go back over the plan; I'm starting to fall asleep.\" \"And discussing your weird strategy to stalk a boy and his mermaid girlfriend is going to keep you awake because…?\" \"I need something to focus on until I wake up.\" Hailey could barely keep her eyes open; she was definitely not a morning person. \"Just needs to—\" Her last words were cut off by the cold water Aqua doused her with. It was not a welcome surprise. \"What was that for?\" \"Again, you humans have really weird reactions to water.\" Hailey glowered at her, then stood up. At least she was wide awake now. \"You lie down on that bed, I'm gonna go change.\" \"Sounds like a plan,\" Aqua replied with a smile as she returned to the bed. \"So I figure Ryan plans to spend the whole day with his girl, hopefully at the cove.\" \"Yes, you said that already.\" \"Right.\" Hailey took a bite out of the apple in her right hand. Her left twirled the telescope, which she'd brought along in case the binoculars were either gone from the cliff or damaged beyond use from their night there. \"Anyways, our first stop is the boathouse where he keeps his jet ski. If it's there, we'll know that he either hasn't left to meet her yet or they're meeting up somewhere else.\" \"How do we know which one to go with?\" Hailey shrugged. \"Best bet is to wait and see whether he shows up. If he's not there by eight, we'll know that they're meeting somewhere else.\" \"And then what do we do?\" Hailey stopped and faced her. \"Look, I'm making this up as I go. I don't do specific plans. I get an idea, I roll with it.\" \"That would actually explain a lot.\" Hailey sighed and said, \"There's a reason I needed Claire around.\" \"As I recall, you're the one who usually comes up with the plans. You were certainly the reason the two of you met me.\" Hailey laughed. \"I'm guessing Claire told you who pushed her into going back to the pool that night.\" She was referring to the girls' first encounter back in Baybridge. Hailey and Claire had been standing in the pool area of the local beach club one morning after a terrible storm that had deposited what seemed like the contents of the entire ocean on the shore. Claire had stood too close to the pool, and a section of the wall – presumably weakened by the torrents of water that had spent most of the previous night trying to smash the club into nonexistence – gave way and dropped her into the murky water. After Raymond, then merely an impossibly handsome lifeguard, had pulled her out, Claire had confessed to Hailey that she'd seen something unnatural in the water. It'd been Hailey's idea to go back later that night. The result was that they'd met their very first mermaid, and Aquamarine had in turn seen humans up close for the first time. \"It was Claire's idea,\" Hailey told Aqua. \"She just didn't want to say it.\" It was true; Claire's natural curiosity had been obvious, but the fear of water she'd developed after her parents drowned had overridden it. She'd needed a little push, and Hailey had been there to give it. That's my side of the friendship,\" Hailey explained as the two continued down the beach. \"Claire's the brain, I'm the brawn. Such as it is.\" Aqua laughed her bubbly laugh and said, \"Well then, brawn, don't get us killed with your brainlessness.\"[Chapter 4] Chapter Four \"This is a lot less exciting than those movies you and Claire show me make it out to be,\" Aqua commented from where she sat against a tree stump. Hailey ignored her and zoomed in on Ryan. She'd been right; he and Jade once more occupied the rocky islet in the middle of the cove. To be perfectly honest, she really didn't know what to do next, and the mermaid's complaining wasn't helping. She held her tongue through three or four more sentences, then dropped the binoculars and turned around. \"Look, I already told you, I'm not the one who makes up plans,\" she hissed at Aqua. \"Claire is, but Claire's not here. I don't know what to do other than sit here and try to learn something new, so unless you have a better idea, just shut it.\" She expected some sort of angry reply, but to her surprise the mermaid smiled, stood, and strode to the edge of the cliff on the side not facing the cove. Hailey was about to ask what Aqua planned, but then the mermaid stepped forward and leaped into thin air – which Hailey certainly did not count as a better idea. Hailey gasped and ran to the ledge just in time to watch Aqua splash into the turquoise water. The mermaid's immediately-restored tail surfaced once, then Hailey lost sight of her. \"Little warning would've been nice,\" she muttered, then headed back to her position to wait for something to happen. It didn't take long for Aquamarine to find the entrance to the cove. It really was a pretty inaccessible place, at least by sea. By land it was fairly easy to get a view, but the hike up the steep incline probably put most people off. Unless you were ready and properly trained to make a hundred-foot dive off a cliff – doing it improperly was probably the last thing you'd do – the place probably wasn't accessible by the rock wall either. Mind on the job, she mentally reminded herself as she swam through the surprisingly narrow passage. Within seconds the passage opened up into the secluded inlet. She knew that she had to be very careful to avoid being seen by either Ryan or his merfriend. Thankfully the water was quite deep, maybe seven fathoms, or forty-two feet if you didn't know what a fathom was. The rock formation on which Ryan and Jade – Hailey had at least mentioned her name – rested was an unusual pillar that Aqua was fairly certain could not be a natural creation. She thought she could see carvings near the base of the pillar and considered going down to investigate; underwater, merfolk could create their own golden light. It seemed sort of like the hokey fairy tales she'd found in Claire's bedroom, but then again, mermaids didn't need the glow to seem like something out of a kid's book. She was pretty sure that the light would attract the attention of either Ryan or Jade, though, so she decided not to investigate. With all the care she could muster, Her plan suddenly hit a snag – albeit one she probably should've expected – when she realized that getting close enough to hear anything the odd couple were saying without making some sort of noise to alert them would be extremely difficult. She moved slowly towards the surface and and concentrated, but whatever gift of nature allowed mermaids to hear perfectly well under and out of the water didn't help cross the barrier enough for her to clearly understand the conversation taking place a mere meter or so away. It was a simple choice; give up and head back to the open water and eventually meet up with Hailey, or suck it up and risk detection by sticking enough of her head out of the water to hear what the two were saying. After a moment's reflection, she carefully broke the surface, just enough that her ears were above water level. Ryan's back was to her, but he wouldn't see her unless he turned around and looked down at the right angle. It would take some bad luck for that to happen, and thus far in her life Aqua had been fairly lucky. She didn't expect to hear anything world-shattering; while that would definitely be interesting, it was equally unlikely. Until recently, Aqua had been the only member of the merfolk she knew of to interact directly with humans. The two species weren't exactly encouraged to mingle, which is why merfolk were usually nothing but myths and fantasy movie characters to humans. Amusingly, it was also occasionally true vice versa. Eavesdropping on Ryan and Jade might unearth how they met, which would certainly be an interesting story. That they were apparently a couple made it all the more fascinating. \"There's still something about that Hailey,\" Jade was saying. \"Don't worry about her,\" Ryan replied, leaning back. \"She can be curious, but I don't think she's particularly bright.\" Ouch. Not that Hailey could have heard it. Jade laughed the bubbly laugh that most mermaids possessed, though Aqua admitted to herself that few could make it sound as beautiful. \"You don't pull your punches, do you?\" \"I'm not insulting her or anything. I just know she's no CIA field agent,\" Ryan corrected her. \"Curiosity is still a dangerous trait.\" \"I can deal with her,\" Ryan said reassuringly. \"But if—\" \"Even if she does find out,\" he interrupted, \"I doubt she'd stand on a mountain with a bullhorn and proclaim it to the world. While I'd rather not have to stoop to blackmail, that's a card I can play if I need to. I know she has a little secret of her own, too.\" That got Aquamarine's attention. She took the risk of pulling herself almost half out of the water in an attempt to better hear what Jade and Ryan were discussing; now this was interesting – and more than a bit worrying. \"A secret of her own?\" Judging by Jade's tone, she was completely unaware of whatever Ryan was talking about. \"Put it this way,\" Ryan said with a trace of smugness in his voice. \"I'm not the only one in Australia with a friend with fins.\" Uh oh. Aqua quickly submerged and made for the exit of the cove, not realizing how much noise she made while doing so. Thanks to her elevated position and the binoculars, Hailey was at least able to see the disturbance in the water that indicated where Aqua was eavesdropping from. Must be nice to have fins , Hailey silently mused. She'd been in love with water all her life, and in a twist less literature-savvy people might call ironic – it wasn't, not by the dictionary definition of the word – stumbling upon Aquamarine in a storm-thrashed beach club had made her wish she could trade her legs in for a tail. Her fascination went beyond the idea of being able to breathe underwater and being part fish; more so now than ever before, she knew there was a whole new world underneath the waves that she knew next to nothing about. She felt like the opposite of Disney's Ariel; there was almost nothing she wouldn't give to be a mer – \"Hailey!\" The surprise made Hailey jump so far she almost fell off the cliff. Fortunately, she didn't let go of the binoculars. Even more fortunately, she didn't scream, which would've alerted the two lovebirds down below. \"Geez, Aqua, you scared the cheesecake out of me,\" Hailey gasped as she turned to face her amazingly dry friend. The mermaid's face wore a look of confusion, probably due to Hailey's odd expression of surprise, but she shook it off and grabbed the girl by the shoulder. \"There's something extremely important you have to know.\" \"How did you dry off so fast?\" \"That is not extremely important,\" Aqua replied as she grabbed Hailey's hand and began dragging her away from the ledge. \"Where're we going?\" \"Again, that is not extremely important.\" \"It is if you don't want to have to drag me along on my butt.\" \"You could stand to knock some mass from it.\" \"Okay, now I really am going to make you drag me along on my butt.\" As if to follow through on her threat – knowing Hailey as Aqua did, it was very likely – Hailey sat down in the dirt and crossed her arms, pouting. Aqua rolled her eyes and dropped to her knees so she was face-to-face with her obstinate friend. \"Ryan knows about me.\" Hailey's eyes snapped wider than Aqua had ever seen them – though she didn't make any move to get up. \"How is that even possible?\" she demanded. Interestingly, she skipped the expected \"Are you sure?\" query. Doubt, it seemed, was no longer a part of Hailey Rogers' life. \"I don't know,\" Aqua answered, mentally running through the last few days. \"I haven't even been in the country for twenty-four hours.\" \"Could he have seen you some time last night?\" Hailey was obviously racking her brain as well. Aqua shook her head as she said, \"Not unless he can hold his breath indefinitely and has really really good underwater night vision.\" A thought suddenly struck her. \"What if he's a merman?\" \"I don't think so,\" Hailey replied after some uncharacteristically brief consideration. \"I was on that jet ski with him yesterday, and he definitely got his legs wet. They should've turned into a tail right then and there. Besides,\" she added, \"he wouldn't have needed to take the hard way into the cove.\" It hadn't been a very good theory from the start, but it was better than the nothing they had wound up with. \"Let's head back to the house,\" Hailey suggested, gathering up her stuff. \"We've got some thinking to do.\"[Chapter 5] CHAPTER FIVE \"What we need is a list,\" Hailey said as she struggled to uncap a particularly uncooperative whiteboard marker. The marker, and the board on which Hailey intended to write with it, belonged to her mother. They seemed like anachronisms in an age where pretty much everyone owned a laptop and every office a projector, but Mrs Rodgers occasionally preferred a more traditional approach. Besides, it was easier to wipe a whiteboard clean than to repeatedly press backspace on a keyboard. Hailey finally got the cover off and wrote, \"WHAT WE KNOW\" near the top of the board, then dotted a single bullet point underneath it. \"That is not going to be a long list,\" Aqua commented from where she lay on Hailey's bed, munching cookies from a jar. Although she was always poking fun at Hailey's habit of overeating, Aqua spent a lot of time snacking on whatever was close at hand. Chocolate chip cookies, potato chips, and gummy worms probably weren't very common fare underwater, so it was somewhat understandable that the mermaid enjoyed them so much. Judging by the pleasure with which Jade had attacked her sandwich a day or two earlier, it could be a common thing among the merfolk – or Jade just had some weird thing against meat. What was infuriating was that Aqua remained quite slender even after all the junk food she ate, and Jade was by no reasonable standards unsightly. It was probably all the swimming that did it. \"A list of things we don't know might be longer,\" Hailey countered, \"were it not oxymoronic and kind of impossible to compile such a list.\" Aqua laughed off the sarcasm and told her friend, \"Then we start with the questions.\" Hailey opened her mouth for another retort, but nothing came out as the merit of the suggestion hit her. She worked her jaw around for a few seconds before shutting her trap and turning back to the whiteboard, which she wiped clean with one hand. \"Okay then,\" she muttered, scribbling, \"THINGS WE NEED TO FIND OUT\". Under it, she wrote, \"1. WHY\" before capping the marker. \"Specifically,\" she said as she turned back to face Aqua, who was finishing the last of the cookies, \"why is he hiding his fishy femme from us?\" \"Excellent question,\" Aqua commented. She set down the glass jar with a forlorn look on her face. \"D'you have any gummy worms up here?\" she asked. Hailey sighed exasperatedly and said, \"Cripes, do you ever stop eating?\" \"Not when the food's this good. As you can imagine, underwater cuisine tends to be very soggy.\" \"Right. No, I don't have gummy worms up here.\" \"I very much doubt that, seeing as how you spend half your time – \" \"Can we get back to the matter at hand now?\" \"Okay, sure. Ryan's secrecy.\" Hailey dropped onto her chair, thoughftully twirling one of her brown locks. \"Is there some kind of rule about all this? Something about human-mermaid relationships staying secret even to others?\" she wondered aloud. Aqua shook her head as she told Hailey, \"If there is, I haven't heard of it. And I'm pretty sure it wouldn't prevent fellow merfolk-friendly humans from speaking to each other, considering there isn't a law against mermaids interacting with humans in the first place.\" \"As far as you know.\" \"I'm assuming a merpeople death squad would've come after me by now if I was wrong.\" Hailey gave an okay-if-you-say-so shrug and got up to walk back to the board. \"So there's no rule against it,\" she muttered, tapping the marker against the whiteboard's wooden rim. \"He certainly doesn't seem like thej ealous secret-keeping type,\" Aqua contributed from where she still lay on the bed, bright blue eyes fixed on the ceiling. \"No, he isn't,\" Hailey confirmed, staring intently at the board as though an answer would magically appear on its surface. No dice; they'd have to do some detective work of their own. Hailey decided to move on with the list of questions and wrote, \"2. HOW\" under \"WHY\". \"I'm guessing you mean how he found out about me,\" Aqua spoke up, \"because trying to figure out how to find out the why would lead to a serious headache.\" \"Of course I mean how he found out about you,\" Hailey responded, still staring at the board. \"And I think the question of 'when' should be included there,\" she added, writing, \"WHEN\" next to the \"HOW\", separating the two with a dash. \"We've got two possibilities here,\" Hailey said, counting on her fingers. \"And what would those be?\" Aqua asked. \"One would be that he saw you alone somewhere, then saw you and I together.\" \"I don't know when he might have seen me alone,\" Aqua stated, \"but I'm fairly certain that yesterday was the first time he ever saw you and I together.\" \"What makes you say that?\" \"The way he asked about my being here in Australia. Something told me he was trying to make some kind of connection.\" Hailey nodded in agreement; she'd picked up on Ryan's investigative tone too, though at the time she hadn't been nearly suspicious enough to realize that something was up. \"For that matter,\" Aqua continued, steepling her fingers, \"I'm pretty sure that wasn't the first time he'd seen me.\" \"I'd ask why you think that, but you have an irritating habit of being right, so we'll just go with it. When do you think he first saw you?\" After a moment's reflection, Aqua shook herh ead. \"I don't know, but something tells me getting to the bottom of this is going to have to be our number one priority.\" \"Yeah, well, without Claire we're one detective short of – well, of a decent invesigation party,\" Hailey said with a shrug. \"We'll just have to make do, then, won't we?\" Aqua declared, swinging herself up off Hailey's bed and taking over the whiteboard and marker. \"Let's review the facts as we know them.\" \"I think I was already trying to do that.\" \"Number one,\" Aqua continued, ignoring Hailey's irritated protest, \"Ryan knows who – and more importantly what – I really am.\" \"I'm going to keep talking nonsense just to see if you're even still acknowledging my existence,\" Hailey stated, then immediately began doing so. Of course, her friend ignored her. \"Number two, Ryan's hiding something, something he's willing to use blackmail to protect.\" \"Did you know that in his earliest incarnations, Batman used guns and actually killed people?\" \"Number three, we don't know how or why he knows number one.\" \"Then again, you don't know who Batman is, so that doesn't matter to you.\" \"Number four, and this is a pretty safe assumption, whatever Ryan's hiding is somehow related to Jade and I. And I do know who Batman is,\" Aqua added as she finished writing on the board. \"In the original version of Char – wait, you're not supposed to acknowledge me. And since when do you know who Batman…\" Hailey's voice trailed off as Aqua stared at her pointedly. \"Okay, okay already. I'll get serious.\" \"Good.\" \"So. We have the facts as we know them, plus one likely –\" \"More than likely.\" \"— more than likely assumption. Normal espionage procedure at this point would be to begin more aggressive intelligence-gathering, but neither of us is a trained spy, and – \" \"And neither of us is Claire, who'd probably be able to think of something we could do that would actually produce results,\" Aqua finished. Right then, Hailey missed Claire more than she ever had in the last year. Claire wouldn't have had such a hard time thinking things through – which sounded pretty insulting to Hailey and Aqua, but the truth was rarely easy to swallow and completely unoffensive. Friendship didn't have to be built around mysteries like this, but it was good when they came around. Hailey imagined it was similar to the bond soldiers formed in war – with less horrific violence, though. The fact was that though Claire was less than twenty-four hours away – point-of-fact, total flight time was a little less than eighteen hours – it still felt like summer had just ended and Claire had just left. She missed her best friend. There wasn't much else to say. Aqua didn't say anything to break Hailey's pensive mood, either because she was sensitive enough to detect moments of reflection or because she'd found Hailey's stash of M&M;'s. \"Tell you what,\" Hailey finally said with a sigh, \"let's drop all the sleuthing for now and wait until Claire gets here.\" \"Sounds good to me,\" Aqua replied with a shrug, her voice startlingly clear considering the amount of candy-coated chocolate she had in her mouth.[Chapter 6] CHAPTER SIX \"In hindsight, Reverse Strip Battleship was probably not the best idea,\" Hailey admittedly thickly through the two scarves wrapped around her head. The pair sat in the middle of Hailey's bedroom, an unusually large Battleship board open between them. Aqua leaned back on her arms and cocked an eyebrow, and Hailey could almost hear her thinking, In hindsight? Instead, the mermaid contented herself with a particularly sassy, \"It's better than the original concept, and safer than the exploding variation.\" \"You always say exploding things are too dangerous to play. Exploding makes things exciting. Don't you like explosions?\" \"Not in real life, at least nowhere near as much as that guy on TV with a walrus mustache. C7.\" \"Aaaand there goes my submarine,\" Hailey sighed as she reached for a sweater to pull over the five layers of clothing she already had on. \"You'd be doing better if you didn't keep putting it in the same place every game,\" Aqua muttered; winning was fun, but what she was doing was Sylvester Stallone competing in the Special Olympics. \"It's like you're not even trying to win, Hail-fail.\" \"Dr Seuss could probably write a new book around my name, if not for the whole being dead thing,\" Hailey chuckled or tried to through the wool around her head. \"I could go work for the post office and be Hail Mail.\" Aqua laughed and joined in, the Battleship board forgotten. \"If you were bread, you'd become Hail-Stale.\" \"Hit me with a hammer, 'cause I'm Hail-Nail.\" \"If you married the star of American Psycho , you'd be Hail Bale.\" \"I don't know when or why you watched that, but if I panicked, I'd Hail-Flail.\" \"Claire said it was a good movie, and you take forever getting out of bed because you're the Hail Snail.\" \"If I were a sheriff, I'd send people to the Hail-Jail.\" \"If someone shot you, you'd be dead.\" Silence, then, \"You just couldn't think of any more words that rhyme with Hail, could you? You can be such a curmudgeon sometimes. I don't know why you have – \" Beep beep. Aqua and Hailey looked up as the car horn sounded again. Their enthusiastic rhyme-off had apparently masked the noise of the vehicle pulling into the driveway, helped slightly by the music eminating from Hailey's iPod dock. Aqua stood up and went to check the window while Hailey started pulling the excess garments off her body. \"I thought your mom was supposed to be out until five,\" Aqua commented, glancing at the (funnily enough) mermaid-themed wall clock, which read a quarter to twelve noon. \"Ah, she probably forgot her slouch hat or something,\" Hailey replied as she struggled to get a too-tight cardigan off her. \"I can't believe how fat I've gotten. Help me out of this, will you?\" Aquamarine sighed as she vacated the window and went to kneel next to Hailey. \"You really need to ease off the Vegemite and meat pies,\" she playfully scolded as she tugged at the cardigan. \"It's doing terrible things to your figure, and you weren't exactly svelte to begin with.\" \"First, Vegemite is gross. Second, I'll thank you to stop making comments on my physical fitness level. Third, shut up, I'm not fat.\" \"Don't worry, Claire and I accept you in spite of,\" Aqua waved vaguely at Hailey's body, \"all this.\" \"I. Am. Not. Fat.\" \"That's the spirit.\" They went on bickering loudly enough that neither of them heard the door open. Some things never changed. Places and times did, but people…people usually stayed the same. Though they were great friends, Hailey and Aquamarine tended to have very noisy squabbles that they apparently found so engrossing, they'd even fail to notice the entrance of their little band's third – and arguably smartest – member. Claire carefully lowered her backpack to the floor and leaned against the doorframe, a big smile on her face. The scene was something she actually missed – not because she didn't have new friends who bickered, but because those people were just fillers for the pair that sat not ten feet from her. Though she was loathe to kill the fun, there were other things to get to. Claire raised one hand to her mouth and coughed loudly. The pair turned and stood immediately, though their reactions were very different; Aqua simply smiled, but Hailey cleared the distance between her and Claire in a heartbeat. Claire tried to say hi, but suddenly Hailey's arms were so tightly wrapped around her that she could barely breathe. She could see Aqua grinning like mad over Hailey's shoulder, but to her annoyance the mermaid did nothing to release her from Hailey's bear grip. \"You're early!\" Hailey screamed as she finally let Claire go. \"Why didn't call ahead?\" \"I wanted it to be a surprise,\" Claire panted as she took in deep breaths. \"I'll go help your mom with the bags,\" Aqua told Hailey as she walked out the door, leaving the two best friends to catch up. \"How was your flight? Did you get a window seat? Were there any cute guys? Did you bring me chocolate?\" Though it cost her precious oxygen that she had yet to fully enjoy, Claire was forced to laugh at Hailey's stream of interrogation, particularly the last part. \"The last thing you need is more chocolate,\" she told her friend. It was only partially true; thought Hailey wasn't as slim as Claire or Aqua, her fuller figure looked quite good on her. It may have been simple teenage insecurity, but Claire often felt like the odd one out in the group next to Aqua's model good looks and Hailey's…well, curvaceousness. It didn't help that they were both taller than her, too. As it happened, though, she had bought an extra-large bar of chocolate when she landed at Sydney. This she produced from a side pocket of her cargo pants, much to Hailey's delight. \"I knew you didn't think I was fat,\" Hailey said as she excitedly tore the wrapping. \"Actually, I just figured that if you're going to die of stupidity and/or obesity, you may as well die happy,\" Claire laughed. Hailey stuck out a chocolate-coated tongue and went back to her candy bar without comment. \"So you're not going to take the extra layers off, then?\" Aqua asked Hailey as she re-entered the room, having left Claire's luggage in the guest bedroom. \"Oh, right,\" Hailey mumbled through a mouth full of chocolate. Keeping the near-footlong candy bar clenched between her teeth, shebegan trying to pull off the two cardigans, three pullovers, and lone jacket she'd had to done by losing her ships. \"Actually, I meant the chubby-chubchub,\" Aqua said as she gave Claire a welcoming embrace. The two almost fell to the floor when Hailey whacked the mermaid hard on the back of the head. \"Well, now that we've got the mandatory mushy greetings out of the way,\" Claire said once she and Aqua had stopped laughing, \"I think we have some serious business to get down to.\" \"So mermaids make boys serious business?\" Aqua asked, cocking an eybrow. \"Aqua,\" Hailey responded in her most serious voice, \"boys are always serious business.\" \"So this mysterious boy suddenly has a mysterious girlfriend. Somehow the boy has found out about our mysterious friend, and he's ready to use this secret to keep us from either finding something out or telling people about something he thinks we know. For some reason, he didn't tell his mer-girl about it at first, but now she knows and she's in on it too because she also knows what he either thinks we know or knows we don't know but doesn't want us to know. Anything to add?\" Hailey and Aqua simply stared blankly at Claire, whose accurate yet confusing summary had left them fairly speechless. She let the silence stand for a few minutes before turning to Hailey's whiteboard. She'd changed from her traveling clothes to a more casual – and comfortable –summer dress in shades of yellow, but the look on her face was completely serious. It hadn't taken much for her to automatically switch back into her role as the de facto brains of the operation. Not that Aqua and Hailey were stupid, but the latter tended to let her excitement defeat logic, and the former had a very strong impulsive streak that she rarely bothered to control. \"I think we should start with what we know – \" Claire began, but Hailey cut her off. \"We already did that. It's not a lot.\" \"Yes, you told me,\" Claire replied, \"but I didn't mean what we know about the situation itself. I was thinking more along the lines of biology and socio-cultural information.\" Hailey groaned, which elicited a laugh from the other two girls. \"You mean mermaids,\" Aqua stated. It wasn't a guess. Claire nodded and uncapped the marker. \"I mean mermaids,\" she said as she wrote 'MERFOLK' on the top of the board. \"I think whatever Ryan's guarding has something to do with our mutual quirk of – \" \"Unusually high sex appeal,\" Hailey finished without missing a beat, drawing more laughter from Aqua and Claire. \"That probably isn't what Ryan's worried about,\" Claire told Hailey. \"I meant our acquaintance with fictional –\" Aqua cleared her throat, \" seemingly fictional but actually very discreet sea creatures. Hailey, let's start with a rundown of what you and I know without having to ask Aqua.\" \"Why?\" \"Because chances are, every item on that list will be too ordinary to be worth hiding, which means we can eliminate them from the bigger list of possible reasons. There might also be something in there that'll give us a clue about how he found out about Aqua withouthis girlfriend's help.\" \"Okay. That makes sense.\" \"You start.\" \"There's the tail.\" \"Fingernails change color.\" \"Toenails do too.\" \"They can have legs on land from sunrise to sunset, but they can't get them wet.\" \"Actually, they can, but it's a bad idea if you're in public.\" \"They have power over water.\" \"They can talk to fish.\" \"Hair length changes when they transform.\" \"They have nice abs.\" \"That's not mer-specific.\" \"Sorry. They, um, have highlights in their hair?\" \"Okay, yes they do.\" \"You're forgetting one very important thing.\" Claire and Hailey turned to Aqua, who had gotten up and walked over to Hailey's desk. She had been doing something to a folded sheet of paper with a pair of scissors, and now she put the scissors down. \"Mermaids,\" she continued, \"don't do love.\" She pulled on the edges of the paper to reveal multiple heart shapes cut into it. The other two were silent for a minute. \"Somehow, I don't think that's too ordinary to bother hiding,\" Hailey commented. \"Could that have something to do with what Ryan's so worried about?\" Claire mused. Of course Aqua had been the one to remember that bit of information. Her first adventure with the girls had been trying to win a bet with her father about the existence of love, after all. Merfolk culture apparently didn't believe in love, dismissing it as an insipid fantasy. Aqua had only come to consider the possibility of falling in love when she saw two humans on a boat who clearly exhibited every sign of the supposedly non-existent emotion. Perhaps it was fate that Claire and Hailey were the ones who helped Aqua definitively prove to herself and her father the truth and power of love – Claire's parents were the humans who'd unknowingly started the mermaid down that path in the first place. Claire wrote the word 'LOVE' on the whiteboard, right under 'MERMAID'. \"I think we have a clue.\"[Chapter 7] In the long history of espionage and through thousands of years of technological advancement, human intelligence – the gathering of information through traditional manpower – remained the most reliable method if one wished to find something out. HUMINT remained the number one weapon of intelligence agencies all over the world, from the American CIA to the British SIS. It was hardly a secret that every government maintained a large force of agents across the globe for those times when nothing could beat a thinking human being with good old-fashioned eyes and ears. HUMINT could win wars almost as surely as guns and tanks, and it certainly was better at preventing them. Whatever one might say about it, its success rate could hardly be denied. Or at least that's what Claire had said. Whether or not it was all true, it was why the three girls were braving the early afternoon sun among the stalls on the boardwalk near Hailey's house. Each of the trio had a large beverage cup in hand and a wide-brimmed hat on her head, all the better to try to stay relatively cool. \"I know you're the de facto brains of the operation,\" Hailey told Claire, \"but I'm gonna need you to remind me why you think Ryan will be walking around here, let alone with Jade.\" \"I'm pretty sure sitting on a rock all day is not the most romantic date,\" was Claire's vague reply. \"Maybe, but if they're trying to keep their relationship on the down low, they are not going to be walking around a crowded area. Come on, I must have seen three people from school here already.\" \"Crowds are a great place to hide,\" Claire explained as she stopped at a stall to purchase a sausage sizzle. She blew on the sandwich to cool it down, then continued, \"You'd be amazed at how hard it is to spot someone unless you're really on the lookout for them. It's how loads of criminals get around in broad daylight; unless they do something really stupid to draw attention, they're pretty much invisible.\" \"When did you become Miss CIA?\" Hailey asked with a laugh as she too bought a sandwich. \"Long flights and nine dollar Tom Clancy paperbacks,\" Claire replied before taking a bite out of her food. \"Pretty good combination, actually.\" \"And why would he rather be here than at home?\" It was Aqua who answered this time: \"Not he. She .\" Hailey immediately caught on; \"I guess staying at home watching soap opera reruns isn't everyone's idea of an ideal date.\" \"Exactly.\" The conversation turned to more mundane topics as the trio continued to explore the boardwalk. Other things began to occupy their attention; Hailey got her hands on a cup of shrimp cocktail, for which she was again called fat by Aqua. Hailey retaliated by calling the mermaid \"fish-breath\", which Aqua said wasn't true and wouldn't even be an insult in mer-society. This somehow eventually led to Hailey apologizing to Claire for eating the giant Toblerone bar in her luggage, which confused Claire since none of the three hadn't been out of each other's sight for more than a couple of minutes since she'd arrived. It wasn't the most effective way to search for a face in the crowd, but it hardly mattered after a while; fifteen minutes after they arrived on-scene, they'd already forgotten why they were there. Friends – close friends – could have that effect on you; one minute you're just there to buy a Coke and the next thing you know, it's seven the next morning and you're finishing the last slice from the sixth box of pizza while someone puts on another horror flick. It was this effect that found the three sitting outside a café not far from the boardwalk a couple of hours later, the search for Ryan abandoned. \"And I know starfish do not shut up with the compliments, but these guys were seriously going over the top,\" Aqua was saying. \"I mean, seriously, who says nice things about the roots of your hair?\" \"Starfish, apparently,\" Claire replied as she took a sip of juice. \"Y'know,\" Hailey chimed in, \"the thing about them is, they do not stop talking! I wore a pair of them to school once, and I was getting stuff from my locker when this guy came up to me. The thing is, the starfish – \" \"Waitwaitwait,\" Claire interrupted. \"A guy? As in, not someone whose name you knew?\" \"Well,\" Hailey said, \"he was in one of my classes, so I sort of knew him.\" \"But you didn't know his name.\" \"Um...no?\" \"So some guy came up to you in the hall, started to ask you out, and you never told me ?\" \"I didn't know he was going to ask me out!\" Hailey sputtered, surprised at Claire's tone. \"But why didn't you tell me ?\" \"Do I have to tell you everything that goes on in my life?\" \"Everything important ,\" Claire huffed, crossing her arms. \"Come on, Claire, I didn't know it was important,\" Hailey said apologetically. \"You could have mentioned it,\" Claire grumbled. \"I mean, I thought we were best frie–\" \"Hold that thought,\" Hailey interrupted, suddenly focused on a spot behind Claire. \"Mermaid at my eleven o'clock.\" Aqua immediately began to turn her head, but Claire's hand shot out and grabbed the mermaid's hair, holding her in place. \"Is she looking at us?\" Claire asked Hailey, now all cold business. Aqua wisely refrained from trying to shake Claire off, instead focusing her attention on Hailey. \"No. She just came out of a shop. Hasn't looked this way yet.\" Claire released her handful of blonde hair, allowing Aqua to turn. Claire took a deep breath before twisting in her seat to get her first glance of the famous – or infamous – Jade. Though Claire had never seen her before, she did have Hailey's description to go by – and there was only one person on that side of the street anyway. The girl wore a sleeveless mint green dress that fell to her knees, displaying toned arms and legs. Her lush black hair was in a ponytail that was slung over one shoulder. This same shoulder also carried the weight of a messenger bag slung diagonally across the girl's body. Curiously, she seemed to be alone. \"Where's Ryan?\" Aqua whispered. Claire just shook her head, and the three continued to watch as Jade mounted a bicycle that had been leaning against the brick wall of the building she'd just come out of. She pedaled off at an easy pace, giving no indication that she'd noticed her observers. \"Shouldn't we follow her or something?\" Hailey murmured. \"Not while she's on that bike. We'd be too obvious,\" Claire vetoed. \"Unless you've become a parkour expert all of a sudden.\" \"Well, I have been playing a lot of Assassin ' s Creed in the last year…\" The trio could only watch until Jade rounded a corner and was lost from sight. As Claire let out a breath she didn't realize she'd been holding, Hailey mused, \"Somehow, I don't think she's on her way to Ryan's place.\" The three finished their drinks and got up to begin the trip back to Hailey's house. They walked in silence until Hailey finally said, \"Claire, I'm sorry I didn't tell you about James, but I really didn't – \" \"I thought you didn't know his name,\" Claire cut her off. Aqua quietly fell behind the two, taking a sudden interest in the clouds. \"I didn't, until he told me it was James Donnelly. But that aside, I'm sorry I didn't tell you. It's just, I didn't know you'd react like this.\" For a moment it looked as though Claire was about to snap back, but then she took a deep breath and shook her head. \"No, Hailey, I'm the one who should be sorry. I have no right to make you tell me everything.\" Hailey threw an arm around Claire's waist and pulled her close. \"Sure you do. We're BFF's.\" Claire smiled and returned the hug. \"Sorry. I guess I'm just a bit…I dunno, lonely.\" \"Haven't you made any new friends since I left?\" \"A few, but…you know. Not really – \" \"Not really best buds for life,\" Hailey finished. \"I know what you mean.\" After a minute or so, Aqua finally joined in, changing the topic with, \"So this James. Was he cute, or a shrimp type?\" \"Shrimp type?\" \"You only want him for his body.\" Claire and Hailey roared with laughter as they neared the house. \"Mer-tradition dictates that children marry whoever their parents choose, correct?\" Aqua waited for Claire to finish dealing the cards before answering her with a, \"Correct.\" Part of what Hailey called Aqua's 'Continued Human Education' was learning how to play card games; right now, it was Texas Hold 'Em Poker. The pot – three red poker chips – already sat in the middle of the table, and each player now had her two hole cards. \"I'm no expert on mermaid psychology,\" Claire said as she took a peek at her cards, \"but I'm guessing the rationale behind that is that parents supposedly know so much more than their offspring that their decisions are considered unquestionable. Hailey, betting starts with you.\" \"Yeah yeah, I know how to play,\" Hailey muttered as she too glanced at her hand. She tossed a single red chip into the pot before saying, \"This might just be a wacky guess, but I think you think Ryan thinks what he's doing – whatever it is – is the smart thing.\" Aqua and Claire both matched Hailey's bet before Claire responded, \"Not quite. I'm guessing it's more of a 'stupid but right thing' situation.\" She finally dealt the flop – the first three community cards of the game – and there was another lull in the conversation as the three girls checked their hole cards again. \"I haven't actually met him, but I have a feeling that he's more likely to defend something 'right' instead of something 'smart'. Namely, it's the right thing to defend what his girlfriend thinks is smart.\" \"Then why's he playing it so close to his chest? Jade didn't even know about us and Aqua until he told her.\" Hailey increased the pot by two red chips, then continued, \"D'you think it's some kind of self-appointed hero deal?\" Aqua called her bet, then mused, \"It might explain why she felt the need to go off on her own. Besides, what exactly about Jade is he trying to protect? I know mermaids, and there's nothing about us that needs to be kept a secret like this.\" \"I'm not so sure,\" Claire replied as she too called the bet. \"If that's true, why do you guys feel the need to be so, ahem, discreet?\" She flipped out another card, making it four community cards on the table. \"As a people? Dunno. Personally, I'm actually about as good at it as shark trying to backflip,\" Aqua laughed as Hailey nibbled her lower lip, clearly wondering whether to fold or keep going. The cards on the table were hardly promising; it was difficult to make a winning hand out of a jack, an ace, a two, and a five, all of different suits. A single pair – two at the most – was the most likely hand that could be formed, but that was fairly easy to trump with a little luck. Hailey finally exhaled and upped the ante even more, throwing in a white chip – five points. They weren't playing for actual money; the amount won was how many slaps to the face the winner could give either or both of the losers in total. It was kind of a stupid bet, but still preferable to losing real cash. \"I sometimes wonder about that, actually,\" she commented. \"You guys live way out to sea, right? What were you doing so close to the beach that a wave knocked you into the Capri's pool?\" Aqua shrugged as she casually matched the bet. \"I've always been pretty curious about humans.\" \"And there's nothing wrong with that? As far as merpeople culture is concerned, I mean.\" Claire looked at her cards again before sighing and placing them face down on the table, signifying her withdrawal from the game. \"Fold.\" \"It's not exactly something they encourage, but it isn't illegal ,\" Aqua answered. Despite backing out, Claire was still performing the role of the dealer, and so she dealt the final card, which turned out to be another two. \"My dad only got cheesed off when I started going against the whole 'love doesn't exist' thing; he was okay with my, shall we say, expeditions into human territory. By the way, why is the phrase 'cheesed off' anyway? What does cheese have to do with being annoyed?\" Both Claire and Hailey snickered before Claire answered, \"It's just a weird piece of slang. It happens.\" There was a brief pause before Claire added, \"I think Ryan's afraid of something.\" \"What makes you say that?\" Hailey asked as she tossed another white chip into the pot. Aqua matched the bet with surprising speed. \"Mostly just a hunch. But normal people don't keep blackmail up their sleeves just for fun.\" \"I think it's important to note that he hasn't actually threatened us with anything,\" Aqua said. \"He told Jade he can and will use it if necessary, but he hasn't told us . I'm no expert at this, but I think you have to at least let people think you have a trump card.\" \"One trump card doesn't make a winning hand,\" Claire reminded her. \"Maybe he thinks we know something we actually don't.\" \"Or maybe he realizes that somehow, we do, in fact, hold all the cards,\" Hailey said before triumphantly laying down her hand face-up. A two and a five, which made three of the former and two of the latter – a full house, which was one of the highest hands in poker. She reached out to take the pot when, much to the surprise of both Hailey and Claire, Aquamarine grabbed her hand. \"Or,\" the mermaid said, \"he's waiting for us to make our move before he makes his .\" Her other hand was also outstretched to display the cards in her possession: a pair of twos. That made four of a kind – which, in fact, beat a full house. \"I think we need to be careful.\"[Chapter 8] Chapter Eight \"This is either a brilliant idea, or an extremely stupid one.\" \"That's how most geniuses do it.\" \"That's how idiots do it, too.\" \"At the risk of interrupting what seems to be a stunningly pointless yet oddly enlightening philosophical discussion,\" Aqua cut in, \"the biscuit is buttered, repeat, the biscuit is buttered.\" With little left to do but continue following Claire's ideas, the three were now staking out the row of houses Hailey had identified as being Ryan's neighborhood. Since all of the buildings had both front and rear entrances, the trio had spread out to cover all the possible avenues of approach. Aqua and Hailey were in the coppice between the homes and the beach – Aqua comfortably perched in the branches of a tree, Hailey once more lying prone underneath a pile of fallen leaves and branches. At Claire's suggestion, Hailey had brought along an olive-colored blanket and rubber mat from her mom's equipment stash; the latter was spread on the ground beneath her, while the former was draped over her to further hide her form. It was uncomfortably hot even with a battery-powered miniature fan, and Hailey's incessant complaining had provided most of the chatter over the short-range radios each of the girls carried. Even Aqua's pointed reminder that climbing trees in dresses wasn't exactly a cakewalk couldn't shut her up. Claire's position was perhaps the riskiest: she sat on a bench in a small park across the street from the houses, pretending to read a book while casting occasional side glances at the row of buildings. She'd explained that she was probably the one Ryan would be least familiar with, which meant she had a better chance of observing him without being recognized. She was probably also the least likely to recognize him in turn, which was admittedly a problem, but she was still fairly confident that she could correctly guess if he came along. Claire glanced around before reaching up to press the earpiece further in and commanding, \"Say again, Bluebird?\" \"I said, that's how idiots do it, too.\" \"Hailey, you're not Bluebird, you're Earthworm.\" \"Oh right. Sorry.\" Claire sighed in mock exasperation and repeated, \"Say again, Bluebird.\" Aqua laughed before replying, \"Tabby Cat, I say again, the biscuit is buttered.\" \"You fell out of the tree?\" Hailey asked, confused. \"No, it means I've found the right house.\" \"I thought that was, 'The peaches have been creamed'.\" There was a brief, awkward silence before Aqua said, \"I don't think that's actually one of the codes we agreed on.\" \"Really? Why does it sound like one?\" \"I think you're thinking of, 'The cream has spoiled.'\" \"What does that one mean?\" \"It means a snake got into your –\" \"Bluebird, confirm that the biscuit is buttered,\" Claire interrupted. \"I say again, confirm that biscuit is buttered, and identify the brand.\" \"Okay, what in the name of Niffenegger – \" \"She's asking which house,\" Aqua explained before telling Claire, \"Tabby Cat, it's the second house from my left. Green walls, gray roof. Windows and back door are white, might be different in front.\" Claire scanned the houses before her gaze settled on the house Aqua was indicating. The windows were white in front as well, as was the front door. There was nothing in the way of a clue as to who owned it, though – there wasn't even a number or a mailbox. She hit the button on the radio and asked, \"How do you know this is the one?\" \"Aren't you supposed to say 'Paint the popcorn', or someth – \" \"Tabby Cat, there's a very familiar pair of boots hanging in the hall.\" \"Copy that, Bluebird. I'll take your word for it.\" She didn't have much of a choice; it occurred to Claire that she had never actually seen Ryan in person, although both Hailey and Aqua had given her a description that included Ryan's penchant for beach-inappropriate footwear. More amazing was that even in the age of the all-knowing Internet, none of the girls had been able to find a picture of him online. Typing his name into Google returned over forty million results, and none of the links they'd examined led to the right person. Claire was someone who liked having a fair idea of the situation before taking any significant action, so the lack of hard information about Ryan was frustrating. It was why she'd finally decided to start being aggressive about their intelligence-gathering. Claire clicked the radio and commanded, \"Earthworm, acquire a visual on Bluebird's biscuit.\" There was a brief pause before Hailey asked, \"That means look at what Aqua's looking at, right?\" Claire stifled a laugh as she replied, \"Affirmative Earthworm. Confirm that you have a visual.\" \"Bluebird, this is Earthworm, confirming visual.\" \"Earthworm, reheat the biscuit.\" \"I don't remember what that means.\" \"It means, do you think it's the right house?\" Hailey fell silent, presumably examining the building in question. Claire wasn't sure how Hailey could actually confirm or contradict Aqua's identification, but she would just have to trust her. Among the three girls, Hailey was the one who knew Ryan the best – though that still wasn't saying much – and so hers would be the final word on whether they could go to the next part of the plan. \"Bluebird, this is Earthworm. The biscuit's hot, and I'm getting hungry.\" \"Copy that, Earthworm,\" Claire said over Aqua's laughter. \"And now I'm regretting my choice of code words. Moving on; Phase One of Operation: Minestrone is complete. Break out the notebooks and pens; we're proceeding to Phase Two.\" The first part of their little mission had been simply to identify Ryan's house – or at least which one was most likely to be his. Now they would be taking notes on everything about the house and what they could see through the windows, however seemingly insignificant. It would all make for an interesting analysis session later on. Claire pulled a pencil from her messenger bag and turned slightly so she was facing the house at an oblique angle. The book she'd been pretending to read was actually a particularly thick diary that she now began to fill with details. She noted the house's position, color scheme – anything and everything about it, including the lack of a house number. There was a brass mail slot about a quarter of the way up the door, but it wasn't really anything special either. What happened to the days when people had their names on the mailboxes? she wondered as she continued writing. \"Tabby Cat, this is Bluebird, we've got a salmon in the river.\" Claire's hand froze. \"Okay, that doesn't even sound remotely familiar. What – \" \"Hailey, shut up,\" Claire interrupted. \"Bluebird, confirm.\" \"She's coming up the path from the beach,\" Aqua replied. \"Oh right, it means Jade is coming,\" Hailey rejoined. \"I see her too.\" \"Is she alone?\" \"Oddly enough, yes. Wearing the same clothes, too.\" \"That's weird. Where the heck is Ryan?\" \"About two feet to your right.\" Claire almost managed to turn all the way around before a hand was clapped over her mouth to silence her scream. \"Tabby Cat, the salmon's up the fall, what do we do?\" Jade was almost at the door of what was definitely Ryan's house. She didn't seem to have noticed them, but that didn't mean she didn't know they were there. As the mermaid fumbled in her messenger bag, probably for the key to the door, Hailey's mind raced as she tried to think of what to do. Her first instinct was to break cover and tackle Jade so she could demand answers. That was definitely not a good idea, and it was quickly squashed as Hailey tried to think of something else. Meanwhile, Aqua continued to pester Claire over the radio. \"Tabby Cat, come in Tabby Cat.\" \"She's thinking. Give her a minute.\" \"She doesn't need that much time – she isn't you.\" \"Oh shut up.\" Jade seemed to have found the key and was in the process of unlocking the back door. Hailey knew that if they were going to do anything, they had minutes – maybe seconds – to act. She decided that Claire was taking too long and joined Aqua's pestering; \"Tabby Cat, this is Bug – Earthworm, I mean. What's the game plan? She's about to go inside.\" The door was open; it was now or never. \"Tabby Cat, I can still jump her.\" \"She's not answering, Hailey.\" \"Screw it,\" Hailey muttered as she pushed herself into a sprinter's starting stance. \"I'm going fo—\" \"Earthworm, this is Tabby Cat; cancel that right now. Repeat, Earthworm, do not move.\" Hailey froze in place, halfway through the motion of breaking cover and tackling Jade. It meant the mermaid had time to disappear into Ryan's house, shutting the door behind her. Aqua came back on the radio: \"Tabby Cat, what's going on?\" After another uncharacteristically long silence – though it was still markedly shorter – Claire answered, \"Earthworm, Bluebird, abandon positions and rendezvous at Mother Tree in thirty minutes. Confirm.\" Hailey finally rejoined the conversation; \"Fifteen minutes? My house is barely a five-minute walk from here, Claire.\" Her friend acted as though she hadn't heard; \"Repeat, abandon posts and rendezvous at Mother Tree in half an hour. Confirm, Bluebird and Earthworm.\" \"Copy that, Tabby Cat,\" was Aqua's unemotional response. Left with few other options, Hailey sighed and echoed Aqua's confirmation.. Once she and Aqua had met up on the beach, Hailey asked the mermaid, \"Are we seriously just going to head back to the house and ignore that distinctly un-Claire-like order?\" \"No,\" Aqua replied. \"We're going to go over to her and get some answers.\" \"Calm down and listen up, Claire.\" Claire was too terrified to even wonder why he knew her name. If his arm hadn't been pinning her against the bench, she would have already made a break for it. He's a lot stronger than he looks. That, or I'm a lot weaker than I thought . Funny thoughts for the moment, but they stuck in her head. \"I'm not going to hurt you,\" Ryan – it had to be Ryan – continued. He was a lot better-looking than Hailey had implied, which was weird – Hailey had a tendency to exaggerate that sort of thing. Funny thoughts again . \"I just want to talk. So here's what's going to happen: I'm going to release you. When I do, you're going to tell Hailey and Aquamarine to get out of whatever holes you stuck them in, go back to Hailey's place, and wait for you there. Got it?\" Though she was still on the verge of hyperventilating, Claire nodded as best she could. A half-smile tugged at Ryan's mouth as he took his hand off her mouth and let her go. Without taking her eyes off him, Claire pressed the 'Talk' button on her radio and ordered Hailey to stop whatever stupid idea she was about to carry out. Instead of responding to her friend's protests, Claire simply repeated what Ryan had told her. When she finished giving the two Ryan's instructions, Ryan reached over and plucked the bead from her ear. \"They're going to come looking for me,\" she told him, trying not to seem as scared as she was. He wasn't even supposed to know what she looked like, and yet here he was busting their entire operation with the ease of a practiced spy. What else did he know? \"Probably,\" he answered calmly, \"which is why we're going to go for a walk. There's a cheap little eatery about five minutes from here. Great shrimp. I figure you're not allergic to seafood, given that you live on the Tampa waterfront,\" he added as he stood up. \"I'm not going anywhere until you tell me what we –\" \"This is the plan. We're going to buy food, eat it, and have a chat. It's not a terribly complicated process. You want your answers, you play along. You decide they're not important, stay right here and pass up on some really good scampi.\" Claire took a deep breath before gathering her things and getting up. He obviously wasn't going to start explaining before he wanted to – or before he got some food in his stomach. She was willing – if not entirely able – to put aside her paranoia for the time being. She had a truckload of questions, and Ryan was probably the only one who could answer them. By the time Hailey and Aqua got to where Claire was supposed to have been, there was no trace of her, or what had happened to make her change the plan. \"She's not here.\" \"I never would've figured that out.\" \"Shut up, tuna-hugger.\" \"That's not even an insult. It's like calling someone a puppy-petter.\" Hailey ignored the comeback and started examining the benches. She didn't know which one Claire had sat on, and she could only hope there was some kind of clue as to where she'd gone. Meanwhile, Aqua got down on one knee and checked the dirt around the benches. The park's walkways were paved concrete, but there had to be something… There . \"Hailey!\" \"What?\" \"Get your blubbery butt over here.\" \"You could just say, 'Hey Hailey, come here.'\" \"Where's the fun in that?\" Nonetheless, Hailey appeared at Aqua's side in a second. \"What've you got?\" she asked, taking a knee. In response, Aqua simply pointed at the depressions in the dirt – depressions with roughly the same dimensions as a medium-sized boot. Aqua already had a good idea whose boot it was, but it was Hailey who voiced it aloud: \"Ryan.\" \"He wouldn't have killed her, would he?\" \"No,\" Hailey answered, now searching the pavement for traces of dirt to track, \"but that doesn't mean we don't need to worry about where he might have taken her.\" The mermaid had gone on to examine the bench in front of where she'd seen the footprints. There was a small collection of dirt on one side – had he sat down? If so, it was probably because Claire had been there first. Ryan could have said something to her – it explained why she'd been off the radio for so long. A question formed in Aqua's mind, and she decided to voice it out; \"Hailey, would Ryan have any way of knowing what Claire looks like?\" \"I'm almost a hundred percent sure he's never seen the two of us together, but it's not impossible that he's seen a picture of her online or something,\" Hailey replied after a moment's consideration. \"We just didn't think he was the kind of person who would have bothered looking up anyone with any connection to me until – \" \"Until you learned about his fishy femme.\" \"Right.\" Hailey straightened up, catching Aqua's attention. \"They went this way,\" she said, nodding in a direction before breaking into a light jog. Aqua caught up to her before asking, \"What about our stuff?\" Hailey froze mid-stride before slapping one hand to her forehead. \"Oh, how I wish I had a clean-up crew,\" she groaned. \"Tell you what,\" Aqua suggested, \"you go back and get the stuff while I track them down.\" \"Aqua, you're tall, pretty, and you've got blue in your hair. You are way too conspicuous,\" Hailey told her. \" You go get the stuff, and I will do the tracking.\" \"He knows your face too well,\" Aqua countered. \" You go get – \" Hailey suddenly threw her hand over Aqua's mouth, cutting off her reply. \"I've got an idea, but I'm gonna need your clothes.\" The restaurant had a nice home-style feel to it, and the food was surprisingly cheap. Aside from ordering, Ryan didn't speak until the first dish – a sizeable bowl of grilled shrimp – arrived. He took one by the tail and bit into it with relish, then nodded towards the bowl, indicating Claire should follow his lead. She did so with no small amount of caution – she was still pretty nervous about the whole situation – but the shrimp was as good as advertised. Ryan polished off nearly a dozen of the crustaceans before finally getting to the matter at hand. \"First off,\" he began, \"good call on the surveillance thing. Didn't see Aqua, not sure I saw Hailey, and I wouldn't have recognized you if Hailey had been smarter than to use her Tumblr screen name as her Facebook password. By the way, you might want to tell her to tone down the Christian Bale stuff – it's right on the border between fangirl-ism and sheer disturbing obsession, although I do admit that sometimes I have no idea what the difference is.\" When Claire didn't respond, Ryan shrugged and continued, \"Now, since the novelty of this cloak-and-dagger stuff has pretty much worn off, I think it's time you and I straightened some things out. It seems to me that the simplest way for us to reach some kind of understanding is for me to answer whatever questions you may have, at least where this is concerned.\" He paused to take a drink of water, then went on, \"I do reserve the right to refuse to answer when I think the information you want is irrelevant, so keep that in mind.\" He leaned back in his seat, crossing his arms across his chest. \"Shoot.\" A thousand things ran through Claire's mind, and she fought to identify the question that would start her down the right track. She was actually tempted to ask Ryan where he expected her to begin, but she had a feeling he wouldn't answer. Finally, she decided to start things off slowly; \"When did you find out about Aqua?\" \"A year ago. Right around this time, actually.\" He refrained from volunteering anything that didn't technically answer her question – which meant she'd have to work to draw some more out of him. \"How'd you know she was a mermaid?\" \"Well, if the highlights and starfish earrings hadn't given it away, the fact that she sprouts a tail when her feet get wet probably would've done the trick.\" Claire was about to challenge his vagueness when she realized he was joking; instead, she raised one eyebrow to show she wasn't amused. Ryan apparently was, though: he chuckled and downed some more water before explaining, \"It was in a restaurant about fifteen minutes from Hailey's place – the Sea Shack. I was in there having lunch when I saw Hailey Rogers walk in with a tall, leggy, very good-looking girl I knew I'd never seen before.\" \"Aqua does tend to draw attention,\" Claire remarked. \"She does,\" Ryan nodded. \"'Course, the fact that I didn't recognize her didn't really mean anything on its own. I would have brushed her off as just an old friend of Hailey's from the States and ignored her if not – \" \"Wait,\" Claire interrupted. \"Hailey walks in with some super-hot chick and your decision is to ignore them? You weren't even the least bit interested?\" \"Number one, I was already taken. Number two, if I'd gone up to them and introduced myself, Hailey would've thought I was some kind of girl-chasing hornball – which in itself wouldn't have been the worst thing, except that she also would have assumed I thought she was a fugly, given that I'd never paid her much attention before.\" \"So you don't think Hailey's unattractive?\" \"Do you want to hear my story, or do you want to gossip?\" Claire snorted; she hadn't even realized she'd asked the question. She took her drink in one hand and gestured for Ryan to continue with the other. Ryan shook his head in amusement. \"Girls. Anyway, the earrings, hair, and fingernails were already kind of weird, but not a big deal. I was ready to pass her off as some random hot chick until she dumped about half a shaker of salt in her water.\" Three things jumped out at Claire from Ryan's story. First, he had already been capable of identifying mermaids a year ago: the hair, the fingernails, and the salt were dead giveaways, but only to someone who knew enough to put all of them together. Anyone else would just think the girl was some kind of weirdo. This meant that, secondly, he had – perhaps inadvertently, though somehow she doubted it – given a time reference for his relationship with Jade; the odds that he'd been referring to anyone else were just too low. Claire didn't know how long Ryan had lived in Australia, and Hailey had never tried very hard to find out. It was something Claire intended to bring up the next time she saw her friend. Third, if Ryan had known Aqua was a mermaid for a year, why had he only bothered telling Jade a few days ago? Why had he kept that information from her, and why was he only starting with the espionage game now? Ryan seemed to have finished talking for the moment, so Claire decided to put the question to him. \"I figured you'd ask that,\" he said approvingly – was this some kind of test? \"A year ago,\" he continued, either not noticing or choosing to ignore the frown that flashed across Claire's face, \"Hailey was either too lazy or too homesick to try to get to know anyone, let alone me.\" Knowing Hailey, it was probably both , Claire mused silently, letting nothing else show on her face as Ryan went on. \"She wasn't looking in to me, so I didn't care what she did as long as she didn't go around telling people her friend was half-fish.\" \"Waitwaitwait,\" Claire burst out, having had a sudden epiphany. She paused as the lone waiter – who seemed to disappear when he wasn't attending to a customer – set a plate of assorted grilled fish and vegetables before each diner. When he'd vanished back into the kitchens, Claire fixed Ryan with an incredulous look. \"Is all of this cloak and dagger stuff because you don't trust Hailey with a secret she had before she even knew you existed ?!\" At first it seemed as if Ryan hadn't heard her; he calmly cut himself a piece of grilled tuna and swabbed it around in the pepper-specked oil underneath the fish before popping it in his mouth and chewing serenely. An annoyed Claire was about to repeat her query when – in a maddeningly calm voice – he simply said, \"Yes.\" It took almost all of Hailey's self-control to keep from picking at her borrowed dress. She knew she wasn't exactly svelte, but it was still fairly ridiculous that a summer dress could feel so suffocating. The disguise was probably working, though. Ryan didn't seem to have noticed her – and interestingly, neither had Claire. It was possible that they were both just too distracted to bother with someone sitting across the street, but it could also be that the dress and ribbon-adorned sun hat – which Aqua had somehow produced when Hailey explained her plan – were simply so far out of Hailey's normal wardrobe that she simply didn't register as someone either of the objects of her attention would recognize, let alone know personally. Unfortunately, from this distance Hailey had no idea what they were talking about, and she couldn't risk going any closer even if there'd been anywhere she could use as a listening post. All she could do was be ready to call the police – or at least Aqua, who was waiting back at the Rogers house – if it looked like Ryan was about to try something less than desirable. It was yet another one of her little plans that had been stonewalled by a lack of foresight, though admittedly the original version – braining Ryan with a rock and dragging Claire away – would probably have failed spectacularly on its own merits, or lack thereof. Her stomach began to grumble as the pair were served what looked like the main course. She wasn't sure whether she was actually hungry or just envious of what looked like a good lunch. Either way, it was a distraction she definitely didn't need. Why'd you have to grab Claire off the air? she wondered. And what are you two talking about? \"It's nothing personal,\" Ryan explained nonchalantly as Claire tried to control her outrage. \"There're loads of people I don't trust; this just happens to be a lot bigger than most things.\" \"Hailey and I can keep a secret,\" Claire stated firmly before adding, \"Probably a little better than you.\" She hadn't meant to sound so snippy, but she was genuinely upset that Ryan had made such a judgment call on two people he barely knew. \"Debatable,\" Ryan said with a wave of his hand. \" Very debatable. You're smart, but either you haven't read enough spy novels or you've been reading the wrong ones. What's important is that you and Hailey realize exactly how big a secret this is, and why it needs to stay that way.\" Claire raised an eyebrow. \"I think we know how big this is, Ryan.\" \"Do you?\" She had her mouth open to give a sassy comeback when a thought hit her: did she, really? Ryan waited a while longer. When he was sure she didn't have an answer, he continued: \"Humans aren't the most trustworthy species, but they're probably one of the most insensitive and definitely one of the most violent. If word somehow got around that a bunch of kids in Australia were hanging around with a new species, Aqua and Jade would find themselves in a science lab with a bunch of nutjobs poking around their insides.\" Claire shook her head. \"No, people wouldn't – \" \"Why doesn't Hailey's mom know about Aqua, then?\" The question caught Claire off-guard, throwing her completely off-track. She managed a couple of half-formed words before finally managing to say, \"What makes you think she doesn't?\" \"Actually, that was a hunch. You just confirmed it.\" Oh come on. \"Now, if Hailey's mom doesn't know, I'm guessing your grandparents don't know either.\" Claire didn't even remark on his knowledge of whom her legal guardians were. Instead, she asked, \"And why does it matter whether they know?\" \"It would make your lives a lot easier, which you probably know,\" Ryan told her. \"Now, your grandparents probably aren't an issue, but Hailey's mom is a scientist – which means you haven't told her because you don't want to deal with her questions. Heck, maybe deep down you're just as scared as I am that she'll want Aqua shipped off to the nearest marine laboratory.\" Claire was stunned into silence. She wanted to refute Ryan's words, but she couldn't figure out how to do it without being defensive. Worse, she couldn't completely deny his statements herself. Why didn't they trust Mrs. Rogers with the truth? Why did they just keep playing this ridiculously annoying game of pretend? As much as she wanted to deny it, Ryan was probably right. \"Humans aren't ready to know about mermaids,\" Ryan declared. \"They weren't ready last time, and if anything they're even less ready now, with the whole 'superior species' thing they – \" \"Wait,\" Claire interrupted, having just caught onto something in his sentence. \"What do you mean by 'last time'?\" \"Ask Aqua. She can tell you better than I can.\" Ryan had somehow finished his food while talking, and now he stood, apparently ready to leave. \"The spy game's over, Claire. If we keep this up, someone's going to start paying us attention that we don't want. Not for Jade, not for Aquamarine.\" He pulled out his wallet and counted out some bills. \"There's too much at stake for either of us.\" Ryan dropped the money on the table and started off down the street, leaving Claire lost in thought. Hailey was tempted to try following Ryan, but she decided against it. Instead, she folded up the newspaper she'd been reading and jogged over to her friend. Claire didn't seem to have noticed her, so she grabbed her by the shoulder. \"Claire!\" Her friend almost jumped out of her seat. \"Hailey?! Where'd you come from?\" Her eyes fell on the dress. \"Why are you wearing Aqua's dress?\" Hailey pulled Ryan's vacated chair over and sat down as she said, \"Never mind that. What'd he say? What'd you two talk about? Are you going to finish that fish?\" Claire rolled her eyes, but she still seemed somehow distant. \"Claire? What's up?\" After a few minutes, Claire fixed Hailey with a surprisingly dark look. \"We need to talk to Aqua.\"[Chapter 9] Author's Note: I said there'd been an update in April. I didn't mention the year. Just kidding. That's a bullshark excuse. The truth is simply that life suddenly jumped me in ways I did not expect. I won't list all the reasons - they don't excuse my not having made time - but suffice to say that this chapter was written over the course of two jobs and four countries. I don't feel comfortable making any more promises about uploads, given my track record. Rest assured, however, that I have not abandoned the girls or my dear readers. If you are still following this, thank you so much! Now read on, and as always, review! \"I have absolutely no idea what Ryan was talking about.\" Claire rolled her eyes. \"Come on, Aqua, think. There can't be anything he knows about mermaids that you don't.\" \"Actually, depending on how many bases they've rounded, he could know whether they grow – \" \"Oh my God,\" Claire snapped as she rounded on Hailey, who nearly dropped her chocolate bar in surprise, \"thank you for that incredible derailment! Now that you've gotten your mandatory stupid joke out of the way, can we please focus on figuring out what's got Ryan going CIA on us?!\" \"Geez, I'm sorry,\" Hailey muttered. \"I was just trying to lighten the mood.\" \"We don't need the mood lightened,\" Claire replied testily. \"If anything, we need to get even more serious.\" She turned back on Aqua, who had one eyebrow raised at the out-of-character outburst. \"Think, Aqua. Think long and hard. What could Ryan have possibly meant by 'last time'?\" The mermaid chewed her lip thoughtfully for a minute, then shrugged. \"I really have no idea.\" Claire opened her mouth to shout again, but Aqua held up a finger to head her off. \"This is probably where I should point out that I've never opened a history book in my life.\" \"You have books underwater?\" Hailey asked. \"So to speak.\" \"You don't have to have opened a history book,\" Claire said in exasperation. \"If humans and mermaids have ever met before, it would have been big enough to be common knowledge, right?\" \"Not if they wanted to keep people from getting nosy.\" Both Aqua and Claire turned to Hailey, curiosity on their faces. When she realized that they had no idea what she meant, Hailey almost laughed. \"Really? You don't know this? I thought you read spy novels.\" \"Enlighten us,\" Claire requested sarcastically. Hailey took another bite of chocolate before explaining, \"The best way to make sure mermaids try to interact with humans is to ban it. The next-best way is to tell them that it would be a good idea. So if you don't want anyone talking about it, let alone trying it – \" \"Then you just don't bring it up,\" Claire finished. \"No one gets interested, no one thinks about trying it. Sort of like how Ryan keeps his secret, the way you describe it,\" she added as an afterthought. Aqua shrugged. \"Makes sense. Dad's never told me to stay away from humans, but he doesn't talk about it even when I want to. He usually just says, 'I don't care what you do as long as it isn't stupid' and drops it.\" \"You need to start doing some history homework,\" Claire instructed Aqua. \"We need to know what happened the last time humans and mermaids had a pow wow if we're going to figure out why Ryan's so desperate to keep you and Jade a secret.\" The mermaid nodded her acquiescence. \"Gimme a day. It shouldn't be too hard to find in the archives.\" \"Archives?\" Hailey was being unusually inquisitive. \"D'you guys have a public library or something?\" \"Sort of.\" \"The culture lesson can wait,\" Claire cut in. \"Aqua, I don't mean to sound snippy, but you really need to get going. The sooner we know what Ryan knows, the sooner we can do something about it.\" The mermaid threw a mocking salute and vanished into the water. Claire sighed and pulled her toes from the waves that were gently lapping at the sand. She stood and turned to find Hailey giving her a slightly disapproving look. \"What?\" \"Any particular reason you don't want to know more about Mer-world?\" \"I do want to know more: specifically, the parts that are immediately useful to us.\" \"Hey, we don't know what might be useful,\" Hailey retorted, tossing a seashell at Claire. \"Betcha didn't think we'd have to do any history homework before this happened.\" \"I can't imagine why we'd ever need to know that they have underwater libraries. Besides, when did you turn into the human Ariel?\" \"Actually, by the end of the movie, Ariel's technically – \" \"Hailey.\" Hailey sighed as the two started walking back to her house. \"This whole thing with Ryan has made me realize how much we don't know – about him, about Aqua, or anything .\" \"That last one only really applies to you,\" Claire joked. \"I'm serious. We've been friends with Aqua for over a year now. We've taught her to play poker, use coupons at the mall, lie to cops, cook fried – \" \"Wait, what was that last one?\" \"That's not important,\" Hailey snapped, grabbing Claire by the shoulders and interrupting their progress towards the house. \"We are two of maybe three people on the planet who are friends with a new species, and all we know about them is that they can change their hair color! Aqua's spent the last year learning everything she possibly can about our world, and we don't have any idea what her house even looks like! Have you ever thought about that?! Have you ever thought about how much we – \" The look on Claire's face stopped Hailey's rant. She studied her friend's expression carefully. \"You have thought about it.\" \"A lot,\" Claire confirmed with a nod. Hailey let her hands drop. \"So why don't you want to know more about Mer-world?\" \"Is that really what we're calling it?\" \"Yes.\" Claire took a deep breath. \"Because I'm scared, Hailey.\" \"What? Scared of what?\" \"Of all of it. All of them – mermaids, mermen, whatever – and what they can do.\" \"Whaddya mean, 'what they can do'? All Aqua can do is change her hair color and talk to starfish – \" \"And her father can create thunderstorms big enough to flood a beach,\" Claire interrupted. \"Or have you forgotten that little incident, back when we first met Aqua?\" Hailey hadn't forgotten – she just hadn't thought of it in a while, and certainly hadn't bothered to look into it any deeper. When Aquamarine had first splashed into their lives, she'd been a runaway of sorts from her controlling father and the promise of a dull arranged marriage. Once the mermaid had taken refuge in Claire's house, her father managed to contact her through a seashell – a \"shell phone\", as Hailey had laughingly observed – and threatened to drag her back to the ocean. During the argument – which Claire and Hailey could hear even though they'd headed out to the balcony at Aqua's request – the sky had darkened as gray stormclouds gathered above the ocean, not a mile from where the girls watched in awe. The clouds vanished suddenly when Aqua managed to shout her father down, which meant it was no coincidence: Aqua's dad could control the weather just by getting upset. Claire knew Hailey had managed to come up with the question on her own, but she felt the need to voice it nonetheless: \"What else can they do, Hailey?\" \"Are you scared of Aqua?\" The question broke a silence that had lasted nearly half an hour. Hailey had spent nearly that entire time just trying to figure out how to phrase the question – helped by a pack of sour gummy worms, of course. Claire, on the other hand, had been busy: on Hailey's desk in front of her sat three sheets of ruled paper filled with pencilled notes on everything Google, Yahoo, and Bing – desperate times, desperate measures – had been able to tell her about mermaid mythology. A lot of it was ridiculous, useless, or proven false by Aquamarine – Claire knew Aqua's tail didn't change color underwater. Some of it, however, was scary: merfolk were supposedly able to cause not only storms, but maelstroms and tsunamis. Sometimes it was deliberate – a means of punishing an enemy, or a way to avenge a petty slight – but in some stories a mermaid just had to get angry to cause whirlpools big enough to swallow a ship. It was hardly a comforting thought, and Claire was almost glad that Hailey cut into it – although the question wasn't exactly a change of topic. \"Not of Aqua,\" Claire answered, swivelling her chair around to face Hailey, who lay on her bed staring up at the ceiling. \"Her dad.\" \"Her dad?\" \"And everyone like him. Everyone with powers we can't even imagine having, let alone controlling. And you really shouldn't be eating while lying down.\" Hailey sat up and swung her legs off the bed, one gummy worm still dangling out of the corner of her mouth. \"Claire, you can't be scared of something just because you don't completely understand it. We've never even met her dad, and I'm pretty sure he's not some kind of genocidal maniac.\" \"I'm not afraid of what he might do, Hailey. I'm afraid of what he might have already done .\" Hailey raised an eyebrow. \"Ryan really got to you, didn't he? I know he was being all spooky, but he doesn't – \" \"What about my parents?\" The question cut right through Hailey's confusion like a lighthouse on a foggy night. Suddenly Hailey knew exactly what had Claire so scared, and she genuinely felt stupid for not realizing it sooner. Mr and Mrs Brown had died in a storm at sea. They'd been aboard Claire's – apparently incorrectly spelled – namesake, the Claire de Lune , on one of the romantic sails they'd enjoyed taking, when a sudden squall had whipped up the ocean. The yacht had been found two days later, listing to one side. Everything aboard had clearly been tossed around in the storm – glasses were broken, some equipment was missing, and there was water everywhere. Claire's parents had never been found. Given the circumstances of their disappearance, it hadn't been difficult to have them legally declared dead. It wasn't that anyone wanted them that way, but at least it meant their stuff could go right to Claire, who was put in the care of her grandparents. Bob and Maggie were wonderful people, but they were still a long way from true parents. Nobody had ever been able to explain the suddenness of the storm, not that any specialists had been consulted. It was brushed off as one of those things that just happened at sea; every sailor knew the risks of open water, and some even lived for it. Now Hailey and Claire knew better: random storms didn't just happen out of the blue. There was an entire species out there that could create hurricanes and who-knew-what-else just by getting their blood pressure up. Wordlessly, Hailey stood up, crossed the room, and put her arms around Claire, who accepted the hug without saying anything. Hailey broke the embrace after a few minutes, then sat on the desk. \"You don't think Aqua's dad had something to do with – \" \"I don't think anyone had anything to do with anything,\" Claire said as she wiped away a tear. \"Not until I get some actual evidence. But I have a bad feeling about it.\" Hailey slurped up her gummy worm before answering, \"Well, hopefully you won't have to wait long. Aqua should – oh my God, can't I finish a sentence around here?!\" The interruption was courtesy of the coral-pink conch on her desk, which had suddenly begun to vibrate powerfully enough to shake the desk. Claire laughed and grabbed the shellphone from where it lay. \"Calm down, Hailey,\" she said as she lifted the shell to her ear. \"Nobody cares what you have to say anyway.\" \"I resent that.\" Claire rolled her eyes. \"Hello?\" \"It's Aqua.\" \"Oh, well, make it quick, 'cause I'm expecting a call from the other mermaid who had my shellphone number.\" \"Cute. Listen, you and Hailey meet me at the coffee shop down the road at ten in the morning. Hailey knows the place – the one with the strawberry doughnuts.\" \"If you checked out a book or something, it'd be better to look it over in – \" \"Got something better than a book. Ten a.m., sharp.\" \"Ten, coffee shop, got it.\" \"And bring money for food.\" \"Of course. Are we talking snacks and drinks, or a full doughnut buffet?\" But Aqua had hung up before Claire had even made it to 'we', her voice replaced by the sound of the sea. \"I hate it when Aqua gets all mysterious,\" Hailey grumbled as she rejoined Claire at their little table. She reached down to brush Claire's notes aside, making room for her coffee and Danish pastries. Claire snorted in annoyance – she'd spend five minutes arranging those papers – but otherwise didn't react. \"She could tell us all about mer-human relations back in my room,\" Hailey continued, \"and it would've saved me some money. Instead, we're sitting here waiting, and worrying that Ryan might walk in and wonder what we're up to.\" \"Number one, you're being paranoid,\" Claire finally replied, not taking her eyes off the notepad in front of her. \"Even if Ryan did walk in, there's nothing wrong with us hanging out in a coffee shop. Number two, Aqua isn't 'being mysterious'; she's probably just too lazy to tell us everything over the phone. Can't imagine she likes reading history books very much.\" \"Well, then I don't like Aqua being lazy.\" \"'Kettle, you're black', said the pot,\" Claire quipped. \"Haha.\" Hailey glanced at her watch. \"She's late.\" Claire looked towards the door. \"No, she isn't.\" Before Hailey could say anything, Claire tilted her head. \"And she's got someone with her.\" Hailey looked round so fast that she nearly gave herself whiplash. Aqua was just coming in through the doorway – and right behind her, holding the door open, was a very tall, very handsome guy. Hailey experienced a moment of panic as she tried to figure out where and when Aqua could've met someone new – but then she realized that what looked like stylishly applied streaks of dark red in otherwise-dirty blonde hair were actually natural streaks of dark red in otherwise-dirty blonde hair. Most people wouldn't have any reason to think so, but most people weren't friends with a mermaid whose human acquaintances could be counted on one's fingers. The wire-rimmed glasses were unusual, but she already knew exactly what this guy was. Claire had apparently come to the same conclusion: \"They're just crawling out of the woodwork, aren't they?\" \"Do they all look like fricking movie stars ?!\" Hailey hissed as she turned back to Claire. \"What is it about living underwater that – \" Claire hushed her into silence just as Aqua arrived at their table. \"Hey Aqua.\" \"Claire. Hailey.\" Aqua motioned behind her; the guy, who'd probably hung back while waiting to be introduced, stepped forward. \"This is Danny.\" \"Danny Mara,\" he supplied. \"Hi Danny,\" Claire said with a smile. Hailey just nodded; she and Claire both had their guard up, and suddenly they were very curious as to what Aqua had discovered. \"I'm gonna get us some coffee,\" Aqua said, \"and the three of you are going to start talking.\" She grabbed Hailey's wallet – Hailey didn't even bother protesting – and headed off in the direction of the counter as Danny pulled up a chair. \"So,\" he said as he sat down. \"Aqua tells me the two of you are interested in a little history lesson.\" His accent was Australian, but by now Hailey knew better than to take it for granted. It did make her briefly wonder why Aqua spoke with a distinctly American accent, though. \"No offense, but first I think I'd like to know why Aqua brought you, specifically,\" Claire said. \"Easy stuff first, then,\" Danny said, reaching for the plate of pastries. \"I'm an archivist. Not the most senior around, but knowledgeable enough.\" \"And Aqua's told you what it is we want to know?\" A smirk tugged at one corner of Danny's mouth. \"She may have mentioned something, yes.\" Claire wanted to roll her eyes. This guy was the opposite of Aquamarine: he may have volunteered – or been conscripted – to answer their questions, but he obviously didn't intend to hand out freebies. In a way, it reminded her of Ryan, which put her a little bit on edge. She and Hailey may have had secrets, but at least they weren't incredibly mysterious about it. She decided to go with the direct route: \"What happened the last time humans knew about merpeople?\" It didn't have the effect she wanted. Danny smiled as he said, \"You'd have to be a bit more specific about that. I'm pretty sure that technically speaking, the three of you could qualify for 'the last time'.\" \"Cut the shit,\" Hailey hissed. \"You know what we mean.\" Claire was only slightly surprised by Hailey's outburst; this was a somewhat stressful time. Danny's smile faded. \"The first thing you need to know is that I'm going to be compressing and generalizing quite a bit. There's quite a lot of politics, social economics, psychology, and such that I'm going to have to omit.\" His tone had become that of a teacher, one who was fully aware of how much work he had ahead of him. The two girls leaned in, knowing that they were finally going to get answers that actually made sense. \"We made first contact,\" Danny began as he reached up to adjust his glasses. \"It made a lot of people very angry, and was regarded as a very bad decision.\" The water-dwellers had been watching humans for a very long time. They knew that at some point, something had to be done for the two species to exist together in the world. However, they also knew that humans generally did not impress them: when their overall incompetence did not slow their progress, their warmongering did. They were not, however, without merit. It could not be denied that humans were intelligent and creative, and that they had certainly managed to produce something that could be called civilization. More important was the simple understanding that humans fully intended to spread across what part of the world they could inhabit, making contact inevitable unless merfolk either never ventured out of water or decided to commit genocide. At that point, the Grecian city-states were held to be the most advanced bastions of human civilization. They were far from representative of humanity as a whole, but they had developed a society that seemed worth speaking to – although some sea lords made decent arguments for going instead to certain Asiatic civilizations, especially because these were more dependent on the sea and thus more likely to be exposed to merfolk anyway. It was the lord of the Mediterranean who was delegated to approach the council of Athens. Despite the significance of the act, he was allowed almost complete autonomy in deciding what terms would be offered, so long as they would allow a peaceful co-existence. In hindsight, it might have been a good idea to set a few more rules. \"What did he offer them?\" Claire asked. Danny took a sip of coffee before answering, \"Too much, most think.\" He glanced over at the counter. \"I don't imagine the rest of this story is worth a doughnut or a slice of that apple pie?\" Hailey sniggered, Aqua snorted into her coffee, and Claire just raised an eyebrow. Danny shrugged. \"Had to try.\" He leaned forward onto his elbows. \"They reached a deal: merfolk would help the humans develop their civilization. In return, merfolk would have sovereignty over the sea – not that there was much your kind could do about it at that point in history.\" \"And by sovereignty you mean…?\" \"Control. The final say over where and how much humans could fish, where they could travel – everything to do with any body of water inhabited by merfolk.\" \"What did you do for them?\" Hailey asked. She blinked twice, then amended, \"For us, I mean.\" \"Helped them at the Battle of Salamis. Built the bridge that helped Alexander take Tyre. Designed the Acqua Appia. Made Greek fire. Shall I continue?\" \"You could explain what the Acqua Appia is, for those of us – \" \"Shut up, Hailey,\" Claire cut in. \"What happened to the deal? What trashed a thousand years of collaboration, and why don't we remember any of this?\" \"So absolutely no chance of that doughnut?\" \"I'll get it,\" Hailey said before Claire could make any kind of snippy comment. \"You and Aqua probably need to hear this more than I do right now.\" She stood up and headed for the counter. Danny shrugged and turned back to the other two girls. \"Long story short, humans got greedy. They started wondering what we had underwater that we didn't want them to see. Started trying to figure out how they could get down there and find out. Started actually coming up with things that could work.\" \"And we didn't like that?\" Aqua sounded just as apprehensive as Claire felt about what would come next. \"Well at first we didn't think much of it. Diving bells are fine for fishing and such, but they don't protect divers from pressure, and they are a pretty poor air supply. It wasn't until some very negative reports started coming in that we began looking at humans as a threat.\" \"Reports of what?\" Danny's mouth twitched. It almost looked like amusement – odd, given the gravity of the topic of discussion. But then again, maybe he finds something funny in how crappy we are as a species. Danny leaned forward even more, apparently trying to add gravitas to his words. \"Merfolk were being captured: soldiers were hauling them out of the sea, dragging them to…\" He paused, then rolled his eyes, \"…to what passed for scientists.\" Danny shook his head. \"There isn't a human scientist alive today who could safely operate on a mermaid, let alone a millennium ago. Dozens were dead before anything was done about it.\" Claire hadn't realized she'd closed her eyes, but she opened them as Danny finished speaking. \"How were they caught? There are hundreds of ways they could fight back if – \" He'd been anticipating the question. \"Well, the humans were smart about it. They didn't go after military officers or political leaders. That lot would've been trained, able to react quickly. Bad targets if you don't think you can take on water magic, and no one was stupid or deluded enough to believe otherwise. They went after – \" \"Merfolk like me,\" Aqua finished for Danny. The young. The curious. The incautious. Those were the ones the soldiers went after. Those were the ones who would react poorly when men with swords grabbed them by the arms. Their powers weren't mature enough to be activated by accident, and certainly not on a scale that would have made a difference. Out of and away from any significant body of water, they were worse than helpless. All they could do was scream and kick ineffectively, although some were too shocked to do even that. The disappearances would have been noticed sooner were it not fairly common for younger merfolk to sojourn inland for months on end. The early years of cooperation had seen considerable regulation of the admittedly lopsided travel between the two realms, but after centuries these regulations had been relaxed to mere formality. That merfolk were disappearing would have been noticed eventually, but kidnapping would not have been the first thought. Carelessness, however, meant things went far worse than they otherwise could have gone. The men in charge of guarding the captured merfolk grew lax. Most captives raged and screamed, but tired themselves out within days. The girls fell into quiet intermittent sobs, while the boys simply fell silent. Some tried to escape, but breaking out of a prison wasn't something commonly taught in schools. After eight months without incident, the number of soldiers assigned to guard duty was lowered. Gates and doors were left unlocked for convenience. Eventually they stopped bothering to drag their captives to castles and fortresses – many were simply kept in cages in cellars. Thus, when someone who actually could break out was captured, the circumstances were almost perfect. \"Wait, hold on,\" Hailey interrupted through a mouthful of doughnut. \"There was a teenage merperson who had been trained to break out of prison?!\" \"Not specifically to break out of prison,\" Danny explained. \"She was the daughter of a military officer, and he'd taught her to be very well prepared.\" \"And she was the only one in, what, a year , whose dad taught her to pick locks with hairpins?\" Danny shrugged. \"The humans were lucky. Also, if your father was paranoid enough to teach you to fight and bust out of captivity, he probably would have been too paranoid to let you explore much anyway. She could have snuck out on her own, just this once to get a taste of freedom. Wouldn't have been the first, and she definitely,\" here he threw Aqua a sly look, \"wasn't the last.\" Claire and Hailey exchanged a look. Hailey shrugged. \"Fair enough. So how'd she escape?\" \"Well for one she didn't even think about fighting her way out. After escaping the cage and sneaking past some guards, she stole some rags and walked out with a bunch of servants. No one even noticed she was missing until the next morning.\" \"That's…kind of sad.\" \"Like I said: carelessness. To be fair, I'm summarizing everything for the sake of convenience. It was a lot harder than I just made it sound. One doesn't simply walk out of an inland prison all the way to the sea without a worry.\" Claire finished the cup of coffee she'd been nursing throughout Danny's story. \"Alright. So this mermaid makes it all the way back to…wherever.\" \"The Mediterranean.\" \"Right, the Mediterranean. She tells her father what's been happening. Her dad passes it on. What happens next?\" \"Well, genocide was a not-entirely-uncalled-for solution that was heavily favored by the more aggressive factions. They argued that merfolk had nearly drowned the entire human race before – albeit by accident – and they could probably finish the job this time.\" \"Wait, you mean the whole Noah thing – \" \"Is not relevant right now,\" Claire hissed. Danny's mouth twitched in amusement. \"Cooler heads and softer hearts won out,\" he continued, \"although you're probably going to question that when I tell you what they decided to do instead.\" A key factor in deciding how to react to the humans was the knowledge that there were parts of the world in which human and merfolk co-existed fairly well. The Americas – then undiscovered by Europeans – were largely unaffected by their aquatic neighbors, and many Pacific islands were actually engaged in active trade and mutual learning. Murdering the entirety of humanity was therefore deemed unjust. That didn't mean the merfolk weren't going to kill anyone – just that they would be more selective about it. They were not above wrathful vengeance. It started with small-scale attacks. Cyclones appeared out of nowhere, sinking ships before disappearing as suddenly as they came. Sudden and very powerful undertows sucked swimmers into the depths, allowing them to reappear only after days of being thrown about underwater and nibbled on by aquatic scavengers. Sometimes the enraged mermen didn't even bother with any kind of subtlety: corpses would be found by the shore, bled dry from massive puncture wounds in their chests. It was a horrifyingly one-sided war, and yet it wasn't enough. \"If you wanted to kill a million people,\" Danny explained, \"tridents and currents would take an awfully long time and a lot of effort. You want it done faster, you need something that doesn't rely on you guiding it the entire time. Something easy to spread, hard to stop, and ultimately just as deadly as a blade in the heart. What you want is – \" \"An epidemic,\" Hailey finished for him. Aqua and Claire turned to her in surprise. She ignored their apparent astonishment at her having reached that conclusion before them; what she said next was the real kicker. \"A plague.\" Danny nodded. \"A plague. Originally a village-killer in Central Asia that we helped along.\" He held up a hand to pre-empt Claire's next question. \"Don't ask me about the science – not my forte. All I can say is that whatever they did made it far more contagious. The original strain would have died out within weeks – the new one…well, you know what it did.\" They did. Even Aqua, who was familiar at best with human history, had heard of the epidemic that had claimed a quarter of the world's population in the 14th century. Two hundred million people died over the course of four years, a death toll from which Europe had needed a century and a half to recover from. Even hundreds of years later, no one was sure exactly what had caused it. Until now. It was certainly a terrifying punishment, except for one thing. \"As far as anyone knows,\" Claire said, \"the Black Death was caused by rat fleas. Shouldn't we remember that merfolk caused it if it was meant to be some kind of retribution?\" \"Believe me, at the time everyone knew exactly who did it,\" Danny answered, glancing at the pastry display. Hailey took the hint and stood to get them another round of food. \"For a hundred years, there wasn't a human who would go near water unless he absolutely had to. Then we decided that the best thing to do was just get away from you all.\" \"How'd you do that?\" \"With no small degree of difficulty.\" He stopped talking to stretch out his back. Claire found the interruption surprisingly welcome; part of her was still trying to process the thought of mermaids being responsible for what was, despite what Danny said, very much a case of genocide. The silence lasted until Hailey returned with fresh coffee and muffins. Danny thanked her before starting on a chocolate muffin. \"Anyways,\" he resumed after a particularly noisy swallow, \"there's no exact translation in extra-aquatic languages for what they did, but I personally like the phrase 'mass memory charm'.\" \"'Mass memory charm,'\" Claire repeated. \"As in, they made humans forget about merpeople?\" \"Not exactly. You'd still heard of us, hadn't you?\" The three girls had the same realization at the same time, but it was Aqua who voiced it: \"They made us into myths.\" There hadn't been much more to say after the revelation of what Hailey had begun calling The Great Mermaid Conspiracy. More accurately, Danny didn't have much more in the way of answers. \"How did they create the memory charm?\" \"Not a scientist. No idea.\" \"How many merfolk know about this?\" \"Not many. Other than that, no idea.\" \"Could Ryan have found out from Jade?\" \"Don't know them. No idea.\" \"What's the square root of one hundred sixty-nine?\" \"Thirteen.\" After a beat, Hailey looked at Claire. \"Is that right?\" The other girl just rolled her eyes. Danny had been able to give them a bit more information on the spell, though. The way he explained it, it was a one-time solution that no one was sure would ever be doable again due to its sheer scale. They had managed to simultaneously tap into the subconscious mind of every human being on the planet at once, altering just enough to reclassify merfolk as fiction rather than fact. What once were memories were now flights of fancy, the gaps filled in by side effects of the charm. Even hard evidence of the merfolk existence – treaties, paintings, sculptures – became no more than decoration. Even then there was some work that had to be handled physically. Some documents were simply too detailed to leave alone – the charm obviously didn't guarantee that humans would never believe in the existence of merpeople, else the girls wouldn't be in their current situation. Merfolk had a very strong edge in infiltration, subterfuge, and occasionally knocking someone unconscious. After the atrocities committed by humans became public knowledge, it was easy to find willing volunteers who wanted to do something – anything – to fight back. It was actually harder to restrain them than to get anyone to do the job. The campaign to fictionalize the children of the sea took five years. The results had lasted over a millennium. It was a very impressive account. If it were true – and the girls had no reason to doubt it – it would nicely explain Ryan's pessimistic outlook. Hailey herself almost felt guilty for things with which she had absolutely nothing to do. \"Best guess is that Jade knows the story,\" Claire said. \"Maybe her dad was a librarian or something. She tells Ryan, Ryan panics and goes CIA cover-up on everything.\" \"Sounds right,\" Hailey agreed with a shrug. \"What now?\" They were back in Hailey's bedroom, the electric fans on full blast. Danny had left not long after the memory charm bombshell (Aqua figured Danny had headed back into the sea; Hailey decided he'd gone to the gym to continue \"getting swole\") and the girls had decided to head somewhere they could carry on their discussion in private. Neither Aqua nor Claire had an answer for Hailey. They now knew why Ryan was so protective, but there wasn't really anything to be done about it. They couldn't exactly go up to him and say, \"Hey, sucks about that whole mermaid torture thing – want to talk about it over a cup of coffee?\" For a few minutes, the white noise of the fans was joined only by the sound of Hailey opening up and starting on a pack of Tim Tams. Once she had two of the chocolate biscuits in her mouth, she tossed the pack to Aqua. \"Why didn't he do anything sooner?\" The two girls fixed on Claire, who was staring up at the ceiling from where she lay on the floor. \"Ryan said he found out about us a year ago,\" she continued. \"Why didn't he move then instead of the other day?\" \"Maybe he didn't know the story yet,\" Hailey tried. \"Why hadn't Jade told him?\" \"Maybe she didn't know the story yet.\" \"Then when did she find out? And why?\" \"The, um, mermaid equivalent of the Wikipedia game?\" \"Unless he only heard the story the day before he jumped Claire,\" Aqua interrupted, \"it still doesn't explain why he waited so long to do anything. He goes to school with Hailey; he's had plenty of chances to corner her and get the point across.\" \"It would have been very disappointing if he'd pulled me into a closet just for that,\" Hailey muttered. Claire snorted. \"What would explain his timing,\" Aqua continued, \"is if he'd needed time to figure out what he was going to do and who he was going to approach. He had time to go to Hailey, but he didn't. He went to Claire, which means – \" \"He decided Claire was the best person to talk to,\" Hailey finished. Claire sat up and spun to face Aqua. \"But how would he have made that decision? We'd never even met face to face a week ago.\" Aqua shrugged and said, \"Well, the alternative was Hailey, and we can all guess why he'd think she wasn't smart enough to – \" Her sentence was cut short as she was forced to dodge a thrown book, but the joke had made it in. Once she'd sat back up, she resumed, \"But I can think of one reason he'd think a mermaid sob story might resonate more with you than with Hailey.\" Claire sighed. \"My parents.\" \"Okay, that makes sense, but again, how would he have even known about that?\" Hailey demanded. \"It happened years ago, and it didn't even make international news!\" The three girls fell silent, trying to come up with a reasonable explanation. When none of them could manage to do so, Aqua offered the only course of action that could provide an answer: \"We need to talk to Ryan again.\" ","Summary":" Chapter 1 It's never easy being the new girl. Doing it more than once was no guarantee that it woul"},{"Movie":"Herbie series","Title":"The Love Bug of Los Angeles","Author":"Conan Fleming","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12195467","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Gloved hands gripped the leather-bound carbon fiber steering wheel, as steely eyes stared straight ahead at the rain-soaked dirt road. Anticipation built inside his system as the rain came down hard, obscuring his view heavily if not for the car's windshield wipers. Outside his field of view, a muffled voice echoed above the wail of an excited crowd that lined both sides of the rally stage. Umbrellas and signs waved high in the air, their owners unaffected by the torrent unleashed upon them. The sleek, little rally four-door, a blue Subaru Impreza, stood at the start line as it revved its four-cylinder engine loudly over the din of the cheers and the rain. The car's bright rally lights illuminated the route ahead, only hampered by the immense downpour and light fog. The driver gave a cocky grin to the race announcer as the man with the microphone nodded, turning to the gleeful spectators. \"And now…\" crackled the race announcers voice over the wind and rain, \"In his championship-winning Subaru, World Rally Championship Rookie of the Year, Roddy Gomez!\" Roddy gave another rev of the car's engine, lifting his helmet to push his glasses higher against his face. His grip on the steering wheel tightened, left foot pushing the clutch in as far as it went as his right foot hovered over the gas pedal. He could feel the rain soaking the ground below his wheels, making the tires sink deeper as the car sagged into the mud. The race official then stepped into view, flag in hand as the clouds above got darker and darker still. \"About time…\" Roddy grinned, shifting the Impreza into first gear as his eyes watched the man's arm go into the air. All of time seemed to slow down for Roddy, the rain and crowds melting away as the flag swung down at a snail's pace. With the motion of the wave completed, the race official leapt away and cleared the track. In a millisecond, all of time suddenly caught up with Roddy as his eyes opened. His foot relieved the clutch and stomped on the gas, as all four wheels found purchase in the mud. The little four-cylinder turbo roared to life as mud sprayed everywhere and Roddy found himself launched downhill into the rally stage. His right hand was a blur on the shifter as the Subaru sped up the first hill, nearly jumping at the crest as his left hand kept a grip on the rapidly-jiggling steering wheel. The rally car seemed to glide like a cloud over the rough terrain, absorbing every bump and dip in the road as Roddy whipped it around a corner like a bobsled. While he was roaring down the stage, a helicopter was flying overhead, braving the stormy weather to document his run. \"...And we are now following Roddy Gomez as he attempts to set a new record here in…\" The suit-and-tie sports reporter paused, checking his clipboard as the helicopter dived and chased after the wildly-fishtailing Subaru, then stammered, \"P-powis… Powys, Wales! There ya go, I got it!\" After looking to his crew for approval, the sports reporter looked down below as Roddy cautiously navigated his way through a farm gate, the Subaru going like a stabbed rat as it bounced down on the muddy road again. \"We're being told that Gomez is doing this without a navigator,\" The reporter continued, \"We have been told by the FIA that doing so is completely dangerous since most of the drivers under their roster don't know the route too well by memory. Well, Roddy Gomez is now attempting a record time independent of the FIA, merely, it seems, for bragging rights.\" Roddy chewed on the side of his cheek as he put the brakes hard on, whipping the Subaru into a tight left-hand curve that went downhill. The little sedan hugged the blind curve's inside like a go-kart, roaring out of the curve and down a long, flat straight that jumped Roddy's speed to double what it once was. The driver grinned, fistpumping the air with his right fist as he shifted into overdrive, the flat-four engine's turbo whining in protest as the rally car bounced along happily. Roddy grinned, he could just see the finish line ahead of him as he rushed through and set a new world record. He could just see it now: all the glitz, all the fame, all the fans, all the… lights? Roddy's eyes bugged out suddenly, as he saw lights coming up the same road as him. The driver panicked, shifting the car out of gear and stomping on the brakes; but when Roddy stepped on the pedal, the car didn't stop. In fact, the car seemed to just keep barreling along, heading right for a head-on collision. Roddy panicked, trying to swerve off the road and into a ditch somewhere, anywhere more preferable than hitting a car directly. The wheel, however, wouldn't budge and just kept straight. As Roddy turned to his side, now panicking since his controls wouldn't work, he suddenly saw a dark figure racing beside him at the same speed. All that could be seen of the figure and his vehicle was a vague, cloudy shape and an insane white-toothed grin across the driver's face. The mouth opened and let out a howling laugh as the lights in front of Roddy go closer. He braced, every single ounce of pride in his body now replaced with panic, and screamed as the light engulfed him…[Chapter 2] Rodrigo \"Roddy\" Gomez suddenly sat up in bed, slamming his head into the bunk-bed above him as he let out a loud yelp of pain. The young adult clutched his head tightly as he found himself not in the wreckage of a crashed Subaru, but instead in his bedroom in his parents' apartment above their Filipino restaurant. Bright sunlight shone through his street-view window's dark blue curtains, providing some minor illuminations to the racing posters across his wall. To his side, a laptop had remained on, still showing the online chat window from last night. Roddy groaned as he felt the pain emanating from his head, looking at his reflection in his bedroom mirror. A lean, round-faced Filipino of 23 with an unruly mop of black hair stared back at him. He didn't have time to dwell on his appearance however as his mother suddenly ran into his room, opening the door quickly and accidentally banging it against his chest of drawers. \"Oh my god, Rodrigo!\" Maya Gomez yelped, kneeling down in bed and inspecting her son's head, \"Are you ok!?\" \"Mom, I'm fine!\" Roddy grunted back, jerking his head away and keeping it clutched. \"No you're not!\" Maya said, with worry in her voice, \"Please let me see?\" \"Oh, fine…!\" Roddy groaned and leaned towards his mother. Maya lifted his hands delicately off his head and looked, thankfully finding no injury. With a sigh, she hugged his head close to hers. \"You're ok, baby.\" She said, relieved, \"I was so worried when you screamed, what happened?\" \"Just a bad dream,\" Roddy responded, hugging his mom and giving her a kiss, \"but I'm fine now.\" \"Ok.\" Maya smiled, giving her son a kiss back, \"You have your big track day with your friends today, but before that, you have to go make a delivery for me.\" \"Why?\" Roddy asked, swinging his legs over the side of the bed, \"What time is it?\" Maya gestured to the racing clock Roddy kept on his bedroom wall. It read 9:30AM. Then, it hit Roddy like his nightmare: he had a track day at 10:30. \"Holy crap!\" he shouted as he leapt out of bed, \"I'm going to be late!\" \"Don't forget to deliver the food!\" Maya yelled after him as Roddy collected his clothes and headed for the shower, \"Keep the money in the glovebox!\" \"Ok, I won't!\" Roddy yelled jokingly down the hall before shutting the bathroom door. Maya blinked and hoped to God that her son meant he would. She quickly made the sign of the cross and left the room. Nearly ten minutes later, Roddy was dressed in a Volkswagen t-shirt and skinny jeans and running outside his family's combined apartment and Filipino restaurant. In one hand, he had his blue racing helmet; in the other, he held the bag of food that was now being thrashed about as Roddy bounded out the door and towards his waiting white Honda Del Sol coupe. His dad, Rodolfo, was just driving up in his old 1980's Mercedes Benz sedan, when he saw Roddy almost run in front of his car. \"Hey, Rodrigo!\" Rodolfo barked in Tagalog, \"Don't go running in front of my car!\" \"Sorry dad!\" Roddy responded as he stuffed his things into his car, \"I love you!\" \"Be safe now!\" Rodolfo responded as he watched Roddy drive quickly away in his little coupe. The father then sighed happily and parking the boxy four-door in front of the restaurant. Roddy meanwhile flew through Pasadena's surprisingly-uncrowded streets in an attempt to get his delivery done on time. What was I doing last night, he thought to himself as he entered the freeway. Friday yesterday, all he could remember was having some drinks and good talk at his friend Lewis' dad's garage; but other than that, he could recall nothing. \"No matter, I'm alright with time.\" Roddy said to himself, tapping his steering wheel as he turned on his radio. The sounds of classic rock soon played on his speakers as the young Asian drove on towards his destination: Jackrabbit Springs Raceway. It was 11:30 by the time Roddy arrived at the gates of Jackrabbit Springs Raceway. Flags and banners were hung all over the raceway's fences, advertising the racetrack's annual classic sports car meet. The landscape around the track was mostly dry desert brush, bleached a sandy white by the dry heat of the California sun. Wherever Roddy could look, drivers and mechanics were busy unloading beautiful classic cars from the confines of their trailers, as the sounds of powerful, old engines filled the air with a beautiful symphony of sports cars. The white Honda pulled humbly up to the gate, where Roddy eagerly showed off his paddock pass. \"Party name?\" The rotund man manning the paddock gates asked, before looking disdainfully at Roddy's little Honda through his polarized aviators. \"Radinsky!\" Roddy called out over the racket coming from the track. The man then consulted his list and nodded, his expression never changing from one of seemingly-constant contempt. \"Third down from the end.\" He finally said, pointing with his pen before turning around to let Roddy through, adding, dully \"Have a good day, sir.\" \"Thank you!\" Roddy called out as he brought the Del Sol through, giving a gentle rev of its engine. The little coupe soon passed through the gates and slowly cruised through the rear paddock area, where all sorts of different auto trailers were lined up, their gaping openings facing the open doors of the garages in front of them. As Roddy passed the other drivers, he could see familiar names among them: McLaren, Lotus, Ferrari, Bentley, all exemplified by the beautifully restored and running cars surrounding him. By comparison, his own Del Sol was a small but humble affair, appearing to be a small, sleek convertible. However, instead of a folding roof, the Del Sol possessed a rear window with a removable metal and plastic top supported by a large rear bar that doubled as a rollbar. The car painted a self-described \"Liquid Paper\" white, with a matte black hood and many dents, dust marks and scratches from the little car's previous owners. The only good thing Roddy could say about his car, which he called \"Citron\" as the car was about as sweet as a lemon, was that it ran perfectly and had decent handling. The same couldn't be said for his friend Lewis Radinsky, however, as Roddy pulled up to the Radinsky garage. \"Lewis!\" He called out as he pulled up behind a black 1963 Chevrolet Impala wagon parked next to a red flatbed Freightliner truck and a white Land Rover Defender 110. The square-shaped Impala was painted nicely in black matte paint, with orange and silver stripes down the side, accentuating its straight-edged lines and making the chrome bumpers, grille,lights and mirrors shine much brighter and more prominently, resembling an old railroad paint scheme that its owner was fond of. The even squarer Land Rover was a large, offroading sport utility vehicle with large windows down the side and big, knobbly tires around steel wheels. It was an import model from Britain, and was currently covered in mud along its lower third from its owner's last excursion through the Santa Monica mountains. The Freightliner was a decently-large flatbed heavy-duty truck, painted red with \"Mission St. Independent Auto\" stenciled along the side in gold lettering, looking quite large as it had the job of ferrying about the Radinsky's racing car. \"Roddy?!\" Called a voice from inside the garage, as a tall, lanky, and angular-chinned white male, a little older than Roddy and dressed in an oil-stained coverall, stepped out of the garage. Lewis Radinsky grinned as he ran across the paddock's road and up to the Del Sol as Roddy stepped out, giving him an intense hug. As Roddy screamed to be let down, Lewis ignored his protests and lifted the shorter male off his feet, hugging him side to side. \"I didn't think you'd make it!\" Lewis said as he dropped Roddy, \"We thought you'd be shut out!\" \"Nobody shuts out Roddy Gomez!\" Roddy grinned as Lewis chuckled back, getting a good look at him. \"I should think not!\" Lewis replied, before he took out a cloth from his pocket and wiped under his dirty-blond hair, \"How's Citron?\" \"Eh.\" Was Roddy's only response, \"He drives, that's it.\" As he turned to the Impala wagon, Roddy let out a whistle and said, \"How's Pegasus?\" \"She's alright, actually!\" Lewis grinned, walking over to the big Impala station wagon and activating the hood release. As he opened the enormous square hood, Lewis said, \"Check this out!\" Roddy immediately strode over, looking down into the engine bay before he let out a big gasp. \"No way!\" He shouted, looking to Lewis for affirmation, \"You didn't!\" \"Yup!\" Lewis grinned madly, displaying his usual face around Roddy, \"LS-swapped and everything!\" \"Where you even get this engine?\" Roddy gaped, admiring the almost-mint V8 engine sitting in the Impala's chassis. \"Old Caprice police car!\" Lewis smirked proudly, admiring his knuckles to feign smugness, \"The old Impala engine's in that, but now this thing can out-drag anything you can throw at it!\" \"Wicked…\" Roddy grinned, as a voice suddenly called out from behind the both of them. \"Roddy, you made it!\" Said an older male's voice from the garage. Roddy and Lewis turned to find Lewis' father, Wilson Radinsky, stepping out of the garage. Unlike Lewis, Wilson didn't keep his figure slender past his days as a sports car racer; nowadays, he sported a significant gut but still managed to keep in decent shape. As well as a gut, Wilson also sported long black hair, in comparison to Lewis' short blonde hair. The manic grin, however, remained in the family. The older man stepped up to Roddy and grinned, patting him on the shoulder. \"How'd you find your drive today?\" He asked, \"We thought you wouldn't make it!\" \"I had to do a minor delivery.\" Roddy admitted, smiling apologetically, \"And I woke up late as well after talking to your son late last night. He then gestured to Lewis; Wilson chuckled. \"What about?\" He asked, \"How his old man was once three-time champion of the SCCA?\" \"Oh god, dad!\" Lewis groaned, facepalming, \"Can we stop talking about your glory days?\" \"Oh fine.\" Wilson smirked, sticking his tongue out, \"Was only teasing! Anyway…\" He then turned back to Roddy, \"I got something in the garage, want to see it?\" \"Sure!\" Roddy exclaimed, clearly excited as he ran back to his Del Sol and grabbed his racing helmet, \"I'm up for racing!\" \"Good lad!\" Wilson laughed heartily as he walked back into the garage, \"Come inside!\"[Chapter 3] As Roddy and Lewis stepped into the garage, Roddy was suddenly dumbstruck by what he saw. There, amongst a pile of tools and oil stains in the middle of the garage, was a mint-looking 1965 Lotus Elan 26R hardtop. The little classic coupe was painted in Wilson's own \"Radinsky Red\" scheme, with a black hardtop and white front, that thinned into a white stripe that ran the top length of the car with black roundels on the hood, doors and rear trunklid. The front and rear of the little car was also accented in silver bumper designs, giving it a classy look. Roddy couldn't believe his eyes, walking around the car while Wilson and Lewis smirked, folding their arms proudly. \"Well,\" Wilson started. \"What do you think?\" Lewis finished, following Roddy. \"I'm struck dumb, that's for sure!\" Roddy gaped, walking around the rear of the car to find a pair of legs and feet sticking out the bottom of the car. \"Oh god!\" He exclaimed, jumping back as the figure underneath shifted uncomfortably. \"Can you move please?!\" The figure called out, \"I need to get the heck out from under here!\" Roddy quickly moved back as the figure slid out from under the Lotus, revealing itself to be the afro-topped face of his friend and National Park Ranger cadet Jackson Evergreen. The thin, white male got up from the ground and fixed up his hair-do, groaning as he wiped his oily hands on his filthy coveralls and his face on a random rag lying around. \"Hey Roddy!\" Jackson said, offering his oil-soaked hand to shake, \"Didn't hear you come in!\" \"Um, hey Jackson…\" Roddy said as he reeled back slightly, \"Maybe no hand-shaking right now.\" \"Oh right,\" Jackson realized, going to wash his head as he spoke to Wilson, \"The oil pan should hold for a good couple runs, but I need to be sure I did good on it.\" \"Of course, Jackson.\" Wilson grinned as he patted Jackson on the shoulder, \"You did a great job anyway!\" \"I'll say!\" Roddy grinned, looking into the Lotus' engine bay, \"How's Forrest, Jackson?\" \"Let me just say, what isn't falling off her?\" Jackson chuckled before cringing, \"Eugh, I don't like talking about that.\" \"Of course!\" Roddy smirked as he backed away to get a good look at the car, \"Damn, I can't wait to get this car out on the track!\" \"You won't have to wait long too!\" Lewis said, clapping his hands together, \"We're on in the coupe series, so we should be heading out now!\" \"Perfect!\" Wilson shouted, high-fiving Lewis, \"Let's get her out there!\" The group soon got the Lotus Elan out on the pit, making some final adjustments to it as Lewis got strapped in. Clicking the four-point safety harness, Lewis fired up the Lotus' little engine and gave the thumbs up. The small engine purred like a kitten, and Jackson grinned at his handiwork. \"You did good givin' the Radinsky Special some life, Jackson!\" Wilson grinned as he patted the little coupe's hood, \"Now go take her out there and show them, Lewis!\" \"You got it, dad!\" Lewis yelled as he drove out towards the end of the pit. Wilson, Jackson and Roddy watched Lewis depart eagerly, before a loud noise suddenly filled the air behind them and drowned out the other engines. It sounded like a loud, annoying buzzing, like an enormous and annoying wasp outside one's window. All three turned around to find a loud, flashy Honda S2000 convertible rolling out of one garage, surrounded by many grinning and excited faces, all of whom could not have been above age 30. The one responsible, an almost weasel-like blond man with a Dodgers cap, revved the S2000's engine loudly again, causing all but the young adults around him to shield their ears and turn away. The modern Honda convertible dwarfed the size of the little classic Lotus easily, but was quite low and quite wide. In fact, Roddy swore it was almost scraping the ground as it rolled on what seemed be one inch-thick tires and highly-chromed \"MAG\" wheels. The car was colored a bright neon red, with intricate darker-red and maroon designs down its side, suggesting a draconic influence. With another rev, the driver brought it out onto the pit lane and rolled past towards the end, forcing Roddy to cover his ears. As the S2000 driver passed, he let out a hearty \"WOOO, V-TEC!\" before suddenly accelerating, almost running into the back of a large, curvaceous Bentley Continental GT coupe, to the cheers of his comrades. Wilson groaned, tapping Roddy to uncover his ears as the trio headed to the other side of the pitlane and the wall separating the track from the pit. There, they saw Lewis speeding past in the Radinsky Elan, battling out with a plucky, darkgreen Mazda Miata convertible and a silver, streamlined Porsche Cayman coupe. \"WOO!\" Shouted Roddy over the roaring engines, \"Go Lewis!\" \"Pssh, that old thing?\" Came a voice from behind them. As Roddy and Jackson turned around, they found one of the S2000 driver's friends walking towards them. He had vaguely Eastern European features, with a squared, cleft jawline, piercing blue eyes, and a slicked-back faux-hawk. His clothes, a plaid shirt under a black Armani blazer and designer skinny jeans, suggested he projected the air of being rich and flaunting it, much like the others around him. He looked to be in his late twenties, maybe 28 to Roddy; but the girl around his arm looked a lot younger, perhaps 22 or so. She had slightly straightened brown hair and wore a red Baker Boy cap on her head, and was dressed more casually than the male, with a green sports jacket, red v-neck top and white skirt with black bike shorts underneath. Her companion looked at the trio from behind his polarized Aviator glasses, a smirk on his face as he continued, \"You think that clapped out old antique can beat my boy Red?\" \"We don't even know you, dude.\" Roddy spat back, stepping forward as Wilson held Jackson back from jumping on the man, \"So what do you know?\" \"What I do know,\" The man replied smugly, suddenly pulling out a business card from his pocket and offering it to Roddy, \"Is that my dad owns some of the best luxury auto dealerships in Southern California.\" \"No thanks.\" Wilson said as he refused the car for Roddy, \"But what's your name son.\" \"Hmph.\" The man frowned as he pocketed the card, his girl looking slightly nervous and directing her own attention to the track, \"Name's Sterling Brandt, my dad's Morrison Brandt of Brandt Luxury Auto. I run his Beverly Hills Showroom.\" \"Oh yeah, I know that place.\" Jackson spoke up, calming down, \"My mom tried to buy an SUV there. Your guys are so snobby she said was refused a sale on a G-wagen.\" \"Oh please!\" Sterling chuckled, then nudged the girl by tugging on her arm, who laughed as well, \"My showroom never refuses anyone unless they can pay for our cars! Your mom was probably some nobody anyway!\" \"Dude, his mom's Sabrina Evergreen, the famous TV star from the 80s!\" Roddy suddenly piped up, defending Jackson. \"Dude!\" Jackson replied, smacking Roddy upside the head; Roddy promptly apologized quietly for mentioning Jackson's \"Hollywood mom\". \"Never heard of her.\" Sterling said, grinning as Jackson tried to angrily leap on him again before turning to the woman at his side, saying, \"Oh, where are my manners! I almost forgot to introduce you to my girlfriend!\" He then turned to the girl at his arm and pulled her roughly, causing her to get rattled out of her reverie. \"Sterling, watch it!\" She growled, but the look of intimidation on Sterling's face made her back down and look away, keeping her arms around his arm. \"Go ahead and introduce yourself to our friends, Haruka~\" Sterling cooed, rubbing her chin delicately, which caused her to frown and push his arm away slightly. \"I-I'm Haruka Tochi,\" Haruka said quietly as she got the courage to speak, looking to Jackson, Roddy and Wilson, \"I'm more of a biker, really.\" \"Yeah, yeah,\" Sterling said dismissively, gesturing away from him, \"But she enjoys riding in my car a lot more, don't ya Haruka?\" Haruka could only nod quietly before she excused herself and slipped away quietly for the restroom. Roddy and Jackson both felt shocked that Sterling treated her so badly, but decided not to make a scene about it. \"Nice girl.\" Was all Roddy could say as Wilson walked back into the garage. \"I know,\" Sterling grinned, cracking his knuckles, \"I'm glad dad set me up with her, her dad's one of the best importers on the West Coast.\" Roddy was beginning to feel more uncomfortable, so he decided to change the topic a bit as Jackson stood behind him. \"So…\" Roddy started, \"What kind of car do you drive?\" \"Only the best!\" Sterling grinned, putting on his best bragging face, \"An Infiniti G35 sport coupe with all the finest trimmings!\" \"More like the finest rice out there…\" Roddy muttered. \"What was that?\" Sterling asked as Lewis suddenly revved into the pits, the Lotus making a feeble noise. Behind him, Red had also arrived back in the pits with his S2000. As Roddy looked, he found the Elan's rear end had been damaged, as if it had been run into; and judging by the off-red paint on the rear and front-end damage on the modern, it did not take a genius to find out who did it. \"This piece of crap ran into me!\" Red shouted, leaping out of his car and running up to Lewis, \"He messed with my Honda!\" \"You shut the hell up!\" Lewis shouted back, climbing out of the Elan as Jackson and Wilson ran out to inspect the damage \"Your stupid rice-mobile went into an uncontrolled skid and collided into me! Now my dad's Elan's leaking oil thanks to you!\" \"You should be thanking me!\" Red shouted, his voice an aggressive rasp, \"Your turd of a car shouldn't be out on the track anyway!\" \"I'll frickin' show you then!\" Lewis yelled, thumping his chest as Sterling and Red's friends shouted for a fight. However, Sterling held up his hands and quieted his friends down, a smirk on his face as Haruka returned from her bathroom break. \"Easy does it, my guys!\" Sterling said, almost sounding diplomatic, \"It's clear that there was an accident here, no doubt about it. But…\" He then turned to Lewis, \"You did disrespect my friend back there. Wasn't a good thing to do and I'd let you fight about it with your fists, but here.\" He paused, pointing down at the ground, \"We settle things on the track. If you win, you get righteous retribution on my friend here; if I win, well…\" Sterling grinned, licking his top teeth and chuckling as he tilted his head up. \"You'll what?\" Lewis said, seeing Haruka in his peripheral vision, before returning to Sterling. \"We play for pinks here.\" Sterling finished, tilting his sunglasses up, \"Whoever wins keeps the owner's car; whoever loses has to walk home.\" With a flourish, he spread his arms out and said, \"Simple as that.\" \"But we don't even have a car to race.\" Jackson admitted, \"At least we can't send the Elan out.\" \"Well, sucks to be you then.\" Sterling grinned, as his cohorts laughed behind him. Roddy thought for a moment, tapping his chin before looking over at Haruka's nervous face as she rejoined the group. In a moment of complete insanity, he stepped up to Sterling and stomped his foot. \"I accept!\" Roddy shouted, as a sudden hush fell over the group. \" You accept?\" Sterling concluded, not smiling anymore as he sized the smaller Asian up. Roddy stood tall, fists clenched as he made sure not to let Sterling see through him, as Sterling continued, \"I don't believe we finished our conversation. What kind of car do you have?\" \"Honda Del Sol,\" Roddy said, to which Sterling began laughing hard, causing his cohorts to laugh as well. Haruka let off a little titter, which Lewis noticed and made a mental note. \"A Del Sol?!\" Sterling laughed, \"You think that little tin box can beat my masterpiece of a ride?\" Roddy's response came swiftly when he suddenly punched Sterling in the face, causing the taller male to reel back suddenly. His cohorts and Haruka, as well as Jackson, Lewis and Wilson all gasped, falling quiet. Roddy stood there with his fist still out, breathing heavily through clenched teeth as he looked back to his nervous friends. They all shook their heads, scared looks plastered across their faces. \"So…\" Sterling said, standing back up straight, \"I see how it's gonna be…\" Wiping a little blood off his swollen lip, he continued, \"Get your stupid car, meet me here in the pits. I'll be waiting.\" With that, Sterling turned around and snapped his fingers, regrouping everyone into his garage. Roddy stood there for several minutes, his heart pounding as his brain flew in \"Fight or Flight\" mode. What the hell did he just do? Did he commit suicide? Was he going to die? All these questions were flying about in his head, right until Lewis broke the silence. \"...Have you gone FRICKING INSANE?! \" He shouted, grabbing at his hair, \"You didn't just do what I think you just did!\" \"I don't think any of us did…\" Wilson said quietly, pushing the Lotus into the garage with Jackson. \"I did…\" Roddy said nervously, \"I just punched him in the face and accepted his terms.\" \"You could have just not!\" Lewis said, now flailing his arms, \"You know the consequences if you lose, right?!\" \"I'm gonna die.\" Roddy said, shivering as Lewis came up behind him and pulled him roughly out of his mind and into the garage. \"You're not gonna die!\" Lewis said, before taking a few breaths to calm himself down, \"You're just gonna race responsibly, like the tortoise and the hare.\" \"Ok…\" Roddy sighed, looking out the open garage door at the Del Sol. He then gathered up what determination he had and said, \"Alright, let's do this. \"There's the Roddy I've been looking for!\" Lewis grinned, fistbumping Roddy as Wilson and Jackson moved the Del Sol into the garage. \"Yup, let's get to work!\" Roddy smiled, grabbing a random wrench as Lewis walked out to the pit lane to look into Sterling's garage. He had hoped to catch a glimpse of that cute Asian girl he saw out of the corner of his eye, and how lonely she looked. As he leaned in for a better look from afar, Lewis found her huddled up near the door, standing next to Sterling and pretending to have a good time. Her eyes strayed out the garage door and locked with Lewis', as Haruka suddenly felt a fluttering sensation deep in her chest. Lewis felt the same too; he was never one to believe in love at first sight, but in his head, he sure as hell found his. A sudden clanging in the garage took his attention away from Haruka as Roddy was crying over a fallen wrench. Haruka and Lewis both quickly withdrew their eyes from each other and departed company. It was going to take a lot for Lewis to get to talk to her, but he had no doubt in his mind that she was the one.[Chapter 4] Roddy's Del Sol was soon properly race prepped an hour later, with the safety belts from the Elan in place of the standard ones. Roddy sat in the driver's seat, gripping the wheel and practicing his tactics silently as Lewis checked the air in the tires and Jackson topped off the gas tank. Wilson looked out to the track to watch the other cars race and have fun, before turning his attention back to his nervous crew. \"There's no loss in turning a race down.\" Wilson said to Roddy, \"You can still call it quits.\" \"I'll call it quits when I win.\" Roddy stubbornly replied as he put on his racing helmet and gloves, \"I got something to prove out there and I will beat that idiot Brandt.\" With that, Roddy fired up the Del Sol and revved its engine. It wasn't a mighty powerful rev coming from the little four-cylinder engine, but it would do for now. As Roddy rolled slowly outside, he found Sterling's car already on the pit lane and ready to go. The car was an Infiniti G35 coupe as Sterling said, but it appeared more as an outrageous parody of one. For one thing, the large, sleek two-door was painted a sleek metallic silver, one that seemed to reflect everything and turned the car into a giant rolling heat-ray. Upon the rear was mounted with a ridiculously-big carbon fiber wing supported by a spaghetti strand of rods and screw mounts. The front also had a massive carbon fiber splitter, with an intercooler grille poking out of a notch cut into the front bumper. The rear featured a titanium, iridescent blue exhaust pipe nearly three inches wide, buzzing loudly much like the S2000 and spitting flames out every time the tachometer went to the redline. Due to the car's low suspension, the exhaust nearly scraped the ground as the massive, excessive machine rolled around on 24-inch magnesium alloy wheels and the thinnest of low-profile tires. Sterling was leaning on his car's front, talking with some of his cohorts before he noticed Roddy's ride. \"Oh-ho-ho!\" He chortled teasingly, walking around Roddy's Del Sol to inspect it with his cohorts, knocking on the matte-black hood \"Seems someone watches Initial-D !\" \"I don't.\" Roddy seethed, \"I hate the show. Anyway, what's the challenge here?\" \"Three laps,\" Sterling replied, ceasing his laughter, \"Whoever reaches the pits first after three gets pinks!\" \"Sounds easy enough.\" Roddy said, shrugging his shoulders. \"Oh it is!\" Sterling replied as he donned his helmet and climbed into his car, \"In fact, I'll give you a ten-second head start!\" \"Oh, right!\" Roddy said, sighing in relief, \"When do I go?\" \"Three seconds ago.\" Sterling said, evilly grinning as he closed the door to his car and fired it up with a loud, animalistic roar. \"Crap!\" Roddy said, accelerating out of the pitlane to not waste any time and joining the main raceway. Remembering his dream, Roddy short-shifted the Del Sol into top gear and began racing around the track, hoping to get a lead on his opponent. Sterling meanwhile checked his watch and then stepped on the gas, effortlessly gliding out of the pits and onto the track. With some careful shifting, the cocky driver soon had his sights set on the little Honda coupe and chased him down. Roddy gulped, as after he sped through one \"ear\" on Jackrabbit Springs, he found Sterling coming up on him. The younger male gulped and stepped on it, the Honda's little engine being pushed towards the red line as Roddy hoped to gain more ground in his favor. Whipping the cars into the second ear, Sterling drew up alongside Roddy and looked to him. Roddy merely gave him a frown as Sterling grinned, before he stomped on the gas pedal and left Roddy in the dust. The younger male growled angrily, shifting his car into a lower gear and getting the tachometer into the redline, making the engine whine slightly as he accelerated faster. To Roddy, this was no longer about winning, this was about showing up Sterling on his own turf. That was Roddy's fatal flaw in a way, being so loyal in defending his friends that he was willing to do anything to make sure they weren't disrespected, even if it proved to be a bone-headed idea in hindsight. As they two lined up for the main straightaway, Roddy shifted into third gear and stomped on the gas again, the tachometer going halfway up the red line. The engine whined louder, as if it was in pain, but Roddy ignored it. His mind only had one thing on it: to beat Sterling Brandt to a second-place pulp. The others, meanwhile, leaned against the pit's retaining wall and waited for the others to go by. As Lewis found a place to stand, he suddenly found himself standing right next to Haruka. This made the boy blush and look away, which caused Haruka to blush and look down, embarrassed. Jackson and Wilson were still watching the track as Red and Sterling's other cohorts decided to trash-talk the tiny Del Sol. The two shy lovers made no noise to each other until Haruka decided to speak up. \"H-hi…\" She said, shrinking slightly as she thought to herself, \"He looks cute…\" \"Hi…\" Lewis said back, as he thought to himself, \"Oh my god, she's so cute!\" \"What's your name…?\" Haruka continued, looking up at him slightly now. \"I'm… uh…\" Lewis stammered, blushing as he rubbed the back of his head, \"I, um...am… L-Lewis Radinsky, you?\" \"Haruka Tochi…\" Haruka responded, tapping the top of the wall with her finger, \"Nice Lotus…\" \"Oh, well…\" Lewis blushed, looking at Wilson who was busy looking out for Roddy, \"Th-thank you…\" \"It's your dad's…?\" Haruka asked. \"Um, yes,\" Lewis said, clearing his throat and becoming more comfortable, \"He owns a garage along Huntington, we do everything with every car.\" \"Even bikes?\" She wondered again, looking a bit excited. \"Yeah…\" Lewis concluded, tapping his straightedge jawline before looking into her big, innocent brown eyes, \"We do bikes too.\" A sudden loud noise broke their conversation as Sterling shot past in his loud Infiniti, followed by Roddy in the little Honda Del Sol. Sterling's cohorts cheered, including Red, as Jackson listened to the white coupe's engine as it shot by. \"It doesn't sound good, Mr. Radinsky.\" He concluded, shaking his head. \"Why not, Jackson?\" Wilson asked. \"Roddy's Del Sol's starting to grind a bit.\" The afro-topped male concluded, \"Sounds like his engine's gonna blow.\" \"You think…\" Wilson said, a dark look across his face, \"You think he might know that?\" \"I hope so…\" Jackson said. Meanwhile, Roddy was doing all he could to chase Sterling around the corners. Every shift he had was perfect, every opportunity he tried to take, every single thing he tried couldn't get his wimpy little car to catch up with Sterling's fire-spitting Infiniti. Roddy cursed, and he cursed hard as he whipped the Del Sol into a turn. The small car's engine whined in response, tires squealing as Roddy growled and stomped his foot harder out of the turn. Sterling noticed this and began to slow down, fire popping out of his tailpipe as he let Roddy take the lead suddenly going into the back straight. Roddy was surprised by the turn of events and took the opportunity to blow past Sterling. As he did, though, Roddy was suddenly shaken by a powerful jolt, as the Honda suddenly began to spit black smoke from the steering then locked up, causing Roddy to scream as he suddenly skidded off the track and into the grass, the Del Sol's engine smoking under the hood and beginning to lick with flame. As the car came to a complete stop on the dry dirt, the caution flag quickly went out and Roddy ran as fast as he could out of the car. Just as he was in the clear however, the car exploded into a giant fireball that could be seen all the way from the pits. Wilson, Jackson, Lewis and Haruka meanwhile gasped at the sight, as Sterling's cohorts cheered when their leader rolled victoriously into the pits, happily celebrating with them as if nothing bad had happened. At least, to anyone Sterling cared about. \"Haruka!\" Sterling called as he stood atop his car, arms raised and beckoning the girl over, \"Come celebrate with your victor!\" \"I-I will!\" Haruka called back, acting on impulse suddenly as she scribbled her number on a slip of torn paper and handed it to Lewis suddenly, thrusting the scrap into his hands before running off to join Sterling. Jackson and Wilson meanwhile couldn't believe their eyes. The ambulance and fire chief were later called in to inspect the damage and found Roddy wasn't hurt at all from the experience. Roddy, however, was dead silent driving home in Lewis' car, looking wistfully out the window. He was worried about what his parents might say when they found out he blew up his car and took that day's delivery with it. The more he stared out the window, the more worried he became. Lewis tried his best to alleviate his friend's anxiety, but to no avail. Later that night, Roddy knocked mournfully on the door to his parent's apartment and was quickly greeted by his mother. \"Oh my goodness!\" She cried, hugging the traumatized Roddy tightly, looking him in the eyes and asking, \"What happened to you?!\" It was a long talk that night. The next morning, under a light blanket of clouds, Roddy walked the full mile from his parents' apartment to Wilson's garage. From what he could remember from his conversation last night, his mother and father were both disappointed in Roddy having been so weak-willed and accepting a stupid dare, but were still glad to see he was still unhurt. Physically unhurt, that is. Doubt still clouded Roddy's mind as he walked through the drizzle coming down on him. Sure, he didn't care much about Citron in the first place, but it was still his second car and managed to take care of the little coupe for three years. It was also the first car he ever fully owned as well, not having to depend on which ever car his parents decided not to take on any given day. Perhaps it was the car's age that factored into it blowing up, Roddy mused as he pulled his hood-straps tighter around his head. As his footsteps splashed on the pavement, he soon found himself walking up to Wilson's garage, the Mission St. Independent Auto. The garage was decently sized, a five-stall independent operation built on the grounds of an older garage that had been refurbished for modern use. Surrounded on both sides by big modern buildings, a furniture store and an auto sales lot, it almost resembled a California mission slightly, with orange-tiled roofs, white-stucco walls, and even a decorative miniature bell and clock tower; but it sacrificed the arched doorways for square garage doors. Roddy strode in through the open front gates of the garage and headed for the front office. Around him, cars lay about in various states of repair and disrepair, with the only shining beacons of engineering being the Freightliner flatbed truck, Lewis' Impala wagon, \"Pegasus\", and Jackson's Land Rover 110, \"Forrest\". The Lotus Elan was located in the far side of the garage, slightly lifted to allow Jackson and Lewis to work on the car. Roddy chewed on his cheek as he walked up to the front office's door and knocked. Wilson, ever the beacon of light in times like this, happily opened the door and let Roddy in. \"Morning, Roddy!\" He said, giving the smaller male a pat on the shoulder and a hot chocolate, \"Jackson and Lewis are out in the garage, fixing up the Elan. Wanna know how they're doing it?\" \"Suctioning the dents?\" Roddy croaked, his voice unaccustomed to speaking since this morning as he chased down a gulp of hot chocolate. \"Actually,\" Wilson said, sitting behind his desk, \"They're hammering the dent back into place, said old methods would help out here.\" Roddy nodded slightly, sipping his drink and looking away from Wilson. The older man sighed, leaning over his desk and thinking of what to say next, before he continued, \"Still bummed about yesterday?\" \"I lost a car, Wilson…\" Roddy bluntly admitted, \"Mom and dad were just fine to know I was still alive and knew the car would go at some point, but I was stupid to chase after St-...\" He then stopped himself and bit his own tongue, not even bringing himself to say his name. Wilson nodded sagely, sipping his coffee and continue. \"Consider it then a… friend's favor,\" He said, \"That if you do find a new car, I'll help you fix it up so it doesn't blow up like that when pushed.\" Wilson then shrugged, continuing, \"Who knows, you'll find a car that'll beat Sterling Brandt and win your confidence back.\" Roddy perked up at this, taking his hood off for the first time to reveal his unkempt moptop, a first, and his tear streaked eyes, still stained from last night. \"Seriously?\" Roddy said before coughing, to which Wilson nodded.. \"It'd be the least I could do for a friend of my son's, and an honored apprentice here.\" He smiled, right before Roddy ran right up to Wilson and gave the older man a nice, long hug. \"There there,\" Wilson whispered, before pulling Roddy away gently and giving him a smile. Roddy smiled back, letting out an involuntary chuckle before Lewis suddenly stepped into the room. The lanky male was now dressed in a dirty blue Oxford dress-shirt and baggy jeans, with a Union Pacific cap topping his head. \"Hey dad!\" Lewis said as he came in, \"Oh, hey Roddy!\" \"Hey.\" Roddy gently said, giving Lewis a tight hug. \"Whoa, glad to see you're ok!\" Lewis grinned, tightly hugging Roddy back, \"Hey, I got something that can cheer you up.\" \"What is it?\" Roddy wondered, pulling himself off Lewis. \"There's a farmstead up near Lancaster that has a huge junkyard,\" Lewis explained, leaning on his father's desk, \"I contacted the owner of it and found out he's got a Lotus Elan we're able to salvage parts from. Who knows, maybe you'll find your next car in there!\" Roddy grinned at the prospect, looking genuinely happy since this morning. \"Then what the heck are we waiting for!?\" Roddy shouted, \"Let's get going!\" \"Heck yeah!\" Lewis shouted back as Wilson grinned, afterwards saying, \"But first, I need me some coffee!\" \"Oh, of course,\" Roddy said as he rolled his eyes, \"I totally forgot you're addicted to the stuff.\" \"It's not an addiction if I can quit anytime!\" Lewis shouted back as he poured himself a tall cup from his dad's coffee machine, then added some hazelnut creamer to make it his own. After a quick gulp, Lewis strode out the door and towards Pegasus, saying, \"Let's go!\"[Chapter 5] Pegasus soon made its way onto the 210 freeway towards Angeles Crest, and Roddy still couldn't believe how smooth the ride was in the old Impala. The interior of the car was as nicely decked out in black leather with silver stripes, to help accent the outside and still provide a comfy ride. The whole car had been Lewis' pet project ever since he and Roddy met one night at the Pomona Fairgrounds for a drag-racing night. Now, Lewis had built the ultimate \"sleeper\" car, which is a car that looks stock outside, but is heavily modified inside, and the young male was quite proud as the LS engine rumbled down the highway, speed metal blasting on the modern radio deck connected to Lewis' smartphone. On a cupholder on the driver's left side was his coffee, which he regularly took sips out of as he drove along in the quickly-dissipating rain. Roddy, meanwhile, just admired the scenery passing by as Lewis exited off the freeway and headed along Highway 2 North, colloquially called the \"Angeles Crest Highway\". \"Yo Rod, what's on your mind?\" Lewis suddenly said, starting to head uphill. This jolted Roddy out of staring into space as he looked to the driver. \"Oh, just wondering what we're going to find over at the junkyard.\" Roddy replied. \"Cools, cools,\" Lewis replied, taking a tight hairpin corner quickly before he sighed blissfully, \"I still can't believe it though.\" \"Believe what?\" Roddy wondered as he pulled out his smartphone to answer a message from his mother, saying as he typed, \"I'm fine mom, love you.\" \"That I got that girl's phone-number,\" Lewis stated, thinking as he rounded another tight hairpin, \"What was her name…? Oh right, Haruka!\" \"No way!\" Roddy said, shocked as he sat up in his seat as Pegasus continued climbing Angeles Crest, \"Sterling Brandt's girlfriend?\" \"She didn't consider him his boyfriend, that's for sure.\" Lewis said, passing a slow minivan in his way, \"So we talked and found we had some stuff in common…\" Lewis then giggled, thinking of Haruka's cute face from yesterday, before adding, \"...including being dorky coffee-addled gearheads.\" \"I'm amazed that there's more of your type out there,\" Roddy muttered, never having tried a drop of coffee in his life. \"Well what about you and that tomboy out in Long Beach?\" Lewis wondered,\"Wasn't she your type?\" \"She still kind of is,\" Roddy replied simply, \"But we're better off as friends honestly.\" \"With benefits…\" Lewis muttered as the station wagon dove through a tunnel. This gave Lewis a chance to rev Pegasus' engine but also hide his secret words from Roddy. \"What was that?\" Roddy wondered as light flooded the car once again. \"Oh, nothing.\" Lewis said, feigning ignorance. The next hour or so went by rather quietly as Roddy looked out at the canyon-esque dry mountain landscape of the Angeles mountain range. Pegasus soon managed to crest the mountains and soon descended down into the dry, arid scenery of Lancaster. Farms lay on both sides of the road as Pegasus rumbled ahead down the straight, flat country back-road and through the quiet town of Palmdale. Roddy soon felt bored, seeing nothing but dry, orange-yellow flat land all around him which were all surrounded by green-yellow, gently rolling hills. All of a sudden, Lewis suddenly cut the wheel to the right and got off the highway, heading onto a dirt road that bumped and jerked the Impala about. The soft suspension did nothing to mask the rough road, which bounced Roddy and Lewis inside like popcorn in a bucket. \"Go on, get on that!\" Lewis yelled as he stepped harder on Pegasus' gas pedal, causing the car to rev its powerful engine as it went faster on the dusty road. \"Whoa, slow down!\" Roddy yelled back, hanging on for dear life, \"We need to be able to stop!\" \"Oh fine…\" Lewis pouted as he let off Pegasus' gas pedal and cadance-braked it gently into a large farming estate. All the two could see were an old house, a large barn, a tall silo, and junk cars as far as the eye can see. Over them, a sign passed by reading: \"Wilde Classic Auto and Salvage,\" to which Roddy whistled as they came up to a parking lot half-full of other scavengers. \"Is this the place?\" He asked as he got out of the car, shielding his face from all the dust blowing in their direction. \"Eeyup,\" Lewis replied as he stepped out and closed the door, \"I'll go inside and check ourselves in, you can go in and wander about while I look for the Elan parts.\" \"Alright!\" Roddy called as he adjusted his glasses and began chewing on his cheek, walking into the massive junkyard. Nothing seemed to impress Roddy as far as looking for a car was concerned. As he wandered through the tall weeds and grasses filling the property, a few junked vehicles was able to catch his eye. \"All of these seem to be in terrible condition,\" He muttered to himself as Roddy passed by a filthy Lincoln Town Car, the immense rectangular body sitting wheel-less on four car rims embedded in the ground, \"And none of these stand a chance of beating Sterling Brandt…\" Roddy then approached a large and rusted-out Buick 8 sedan that was missing its engine hood, its chrome-toothed mug still shining in the dry California sunlight. Approaching the resting hulk that once screamed \"Fifties excess\", Roddy gave it a light kick to the grill before it, the fenders, doors and rear hood all suddenly fell off with a loud, dull clanging. Frightened, Roddy quickly zipped away, thinking, \"Not that one, not that one!\" before anyone could notice. A few minutes of searching later and Roddy was ready to give up. None of the cars he found, not even a little sleek 1960s Chevrolet Stingray that was missing its distinctive rear glass, was good enough for him to restore. As he rounded a corner and eyed a battered and, most likely war-beaten, Willys Jeep sitting upside-down on the ground, Roddy couldn't help but get the feeling he was being watched. He then stopped in his tracks, the silence in the junkyard almost deafening if not for the slight breeze blowing through. As if sensing whatever was staring at him, Roddy turned around to find… a Volkswagen Beetle staring back at him from under a lone shady tree. Raising an eyebrow in confusion, he approached the little car carefully until he could get a look at it. Roddy soon found that found that aside from some weathering and a flat tire, it looked to be in good condition, as if it was a recent addition. He couldn't get rid of the feeling of being watched though, and so kept his distance around the little car. The Volkswagen itself was in pretty good condition, no rust along its curvaceously plain body or tearing in the fabric sunroof or interior cloth. It was painted an ordinary pearl white, which appeared to be grey or beige under both the layers of dust that caked it and the shade of the tree. The chrome around its hubcaps, glass and headlights were also dusted over as well, some even possessing cracks of rust. On its doors and hood displayed the number \"53\" in a black-outlined white roundel with black outlines; and red, white, and blue stripes ran up the entire length of the car, offset slightly to the left and across the sunroof. Roddy soon shook off the odd feeling as he was impressed, walking up to the little car and looking inside its dusty windows. \"Damn, you have it good out here, don't you?\" he commented, \"Got shade and everything, away from all the others being sunbaked out here.\" Roddy then grabbed the driver's door handle and opened the doors, finding the grey-colored interior to be in a proper state. A rollbar went across the middle of the car's length, between the doors and rear windows, and the seats were all race prepped with three-point safety harnesses. Roddy whistled, further impressed. \"Someone must have gone racing in you…\" He said, \"I bet you even got a bangin' engine.\" That sentiment soon led to disappointment as Roddy opened up the car's rear decklid to find… an ordinary Volkswagen 1,200 cubic-centimeter flat-four engine. In car terms, it was small and weak and not for Roddy's purposes. \"Pah,\" Roddy grunted, shutting the decklid in disappointment as he stomped out from behind the car, \"Should have known, car was probably owned by some lunatic who thought his car could go fast.\" In a mocking voice in front of the car, Roddy imitated a dumb driver stereotype by saying, \"Ooooh, the stickers add ten horsepower!\" Then, in his normal voice, he muttered, \"Bullcrap…\" As Roddy walked back to the main entrance to go check on Lewis, he suddenly heard some clattering behind him. Looking behind him, Roddy was greeted to an unbelievable sight. The little Volkswagen was wiggling about on its own, its headlights looking right at Roddy as the sound of its engine trying to tick over can be heard. With a loud bang that set off a cloud of backfire and black smoke behind the Volkswagen's headlights turned on dimly, right in Roddy's direction. It didn't look like a cute little car anymore. \"...AaaaaAAAAAAHHHHH!\" Roddy screamed as the car suddenly roared into life and began to chase after the young male, limping along on one flat front tire as its rear tires kicked up dirt behind it. Roddy ran for his life through the maze of junk cars, not believe for one second he was being chased by a psychotic car. The Volkswagen was relentless however, even when its bum tire burst and it was left limping along on its rim, its engine roaring louder than any Beetle Roddy ever heard. Lewis was meanwhile talking with Mr. Wilde, the green-Hawaiian-shirted owner of the junkyard while his plaid-shirted wife stood outside their house, negotiating part prices over a junked Lotus Elan chassis. As Roddy's screams got closer, a sudden bang was heard as Roddy came running up, looking as if he had seen a ghost. \"Roddy!?\" Lewis shouted, catching the smaller male as he ran into him, holding him tightly, \"What the heck happened!?\" \"C-car!\" Was all Roddy could stammer, \"K-killer car out there!\" \"Killer car?\" Mr. Wilde raised an eyebrow, making sure no other customers could hear them as he spoke in a smooth, business-like voice, \"I assure you, sir that I've got no killer cars in my junkyard. Unless, I dunno…\" He then shrugged, \"Someone showed up with a psychotic Plymouth Belvedere. Where was this killer car you saw?\" Roddy soon led them over to where he last saw the Volkswagen, only to find it sitting right around the corner, having stopped suddenly and was now lying dormant. Roddy was cautious to approach it, but Lewis and Mr. Wilde looked over the little car carefully. \"Oh yeah!\" Mr. Wilde laughed, patting the car's top, \"I know this one! Just came in from an estate sale! This is an old race car apparently, owned by a local guy out in Pasadena. His owner passed away last year, so much of his stuff was sold, including a lot of racing trophies.\" \"Racing trophies?\" Lewis asked, incredulous, \"This thing actually won races?\" \"All around the world too!\" Mr. Wilde said, \"There were racing cups from Brazil, Monte Carlo, Wales, as well as the many SCCA trophies sold as a set.\" \"Who was this guy, you gotta wonder.\" Roddy muttered, approaching the car again, \"Pushing a little car to the limit like that…\" \"I think I remember his name.\" Mr. Wilde finally said, snapping his fingers, \"It was Jim Douglas.\" Roddy and Lewis looked at each other and frowned, having never heard of the name before. \"Whoever he was,\" Lewis commented, \"He must have known how to get such performance out of a small car like this. What's the engine on it?\" \"I checked.\" Roddy said, gently setting his hand down on the Volkswagen's hood as delicately as he could, \"Just your ordinary 1200cc flat-four.\" \"Huh…\" Was all Lewis could say, inspecting the car, \"I daresay, Roddy, that I think you can take this one on the track easy! This one looks ready to run too, and running costs shouldn't be that bad.\" \"You think?\" Roddy wondered, looking down at the big \"53\" on the hood, before looking back at Mr. Wilde and asking, \"Whatcha lookin' to get it for?\" \"Hmm…\" Mr. Wilde wondered, \"Never thought I'd get anything much out of this old racecar, really, and it's not really a famous one anymore…\" Then he snapped his fingers, \"Tell you what, if you can trailer it out of here yourselves, I'll give it to you for $200.\" \"Wait, what?\" Roddy suddenly asked, catching his jaw, \"Why that low?\" \"Eh, it's no real use to me and I'd rather see it go to someone who's able to take care of it.\" Mr. Wilde shrugged, \"So what do ya say?\" \"Well, uh…\" Roddy said, digging in his wallet, \"I got $75 right now, I can give you the rest when we return with his dad's truck.\" He then pointed at Lewis, to which Mr. Wilde nodded. \"You got yourself a deal,\" He replied, holding out his hand as Roddy deposited the bills from his wallet to Mr. Wilde, \"There's your deposit down, I'll have the little car ready for you when you return.\" \"Awesome!\" Roddy said, grinning to Lewis as he patted the Volkswagen's hood, saying, \"You're mine now!\" After a quick call to the garage, Wilson was over an hour later with the proper money and the Freightliner flatbed truck. Lewis and Roddy were waiting for him with the little car, which now had another wheel with a better tire from another junk Beetle sitting out in the yard. As Mr. Wilde was paid off, Lewis winched the Beetle onto the back of the truck and made sure to tie it down securely as Roddy sat in the truck's cab, completely excited about his new ride. With the Elan's parts in Pegasus, Lewis gave a honk as he took off first, with Wilson following after. \"So!\" Wilson grinned, looking over at the ecstatic Roddy, \"You got a new car!\" \"Oh yes!\" Roddy exclaimed, \"And it's a bonafide racecar too, apparently!\" \"Whoa,\" Wilson whistled, \"I'm impressed! Who drove it?\" \"This guy named Jim Douglas,\" Roddy replied, \"I don't recognize the name though.\" \"Oh yeah, I know Douglas.\" Wilson said, \"I went to his funeral, the guy was big on racing his little bug in all the big road rallies and SCCA stuff. Nice guy too, from what I hear.\" \"Wonder why I never heard of him before though.\" Roddy wondered, to which Wilson shrugged. \"Maybe he was before your time.\" Wilson replied. Roddy nodded and looked in the back window at the Volkswagen riding pretty on the flatbed. Neither of them could believe their own luck; Roddy had found his own race car and Herbie had found a new home. Both eagerly bounced and wiggled about as the truck started to climb up into Angeles Crest again after Lewis, but neither were truly aware of each other's actions.[Chapter 6] With Herbie back at the Mission St. garage that afternoon, the three men wasted no time in making Herbie look good. Bulbs were replaced, a cracked distributor was thrown away, new tires were fitted and finally the little car was given a thorough cleaning inside and out in the middle of the garage's lot. Meanwhile, regular customers filed in and out to get their cars repaired or checked, all of them couldn't help but admire the flashy little Beetle now being tended to by Roddy and Lewis. As Roddy was busy wiping the inside of the car's windshield, the glove compartment door suddenly flopped open, startling Roddy slightly and causing the little Volkswagen to jerk slightly as Lewis was fitting a new Carello foglamp onto the front hood. \"You ok?\" Lewis called out as Roddy caught his breath. \"Y-yeah!\" Roddy called back, finding an envelope had fallen onto the glove compartment's door. Setting his cleaning bottle and rag down, he gingerly picked up the envelope and opened it, reading its contents out loud: \"To Herbie: I hope you find a loving owner and know that wherever you are, I'm always with you. With love, Jim Douglas.\" A sudden wailing beep broke the peaceful silence of the garage as Lewis covered his ears, curled on the ground as his head had been right near the horn when it went off. Roddy jumped as well, frantically looking to the driver's seat to find the horn handle was pressing itself in and out on its own. The windshield wipers were going off as well, the washers spraying water all over the newly cleaned windshield and down the car's front and sides. \"What the hell?!\" Roddy shouted over the din as he ran out and opened the Volkswagen's decklid. With a sudden yank, he disconnected the car's battery and the horn and windshield wipers. died down, as Wilson ran outside to investigate the noise. \"What happened?\" He said to Lewis and Roddy, \"I heard a bunch of beeping, did any of you honk its horn?\" \"Not...me…\" Lewis painfully said, rubbing his ears as he got up dizzily, \"R-roddy…?\" \"Not me either,\" Roddy said truthfully as he shut the car's decklid, \"Because I was reading this.\" He handed the letter over to Wilson, who read over the letter with Lewis, who was wiping the car clean of the water. \"Wow…\" Wilson whistled again as Roddy opened up the car's rear decklid and reconnected the battery, \"Herbie, huh?\" \"It's a cute name,\" Lewis smirked, as he patted Herbie's fender, \"I like it!\" Herbie suddenly beeped in response, sounding quite thankful for the compliment. All three men looked at each other and inside to make sure nobody had touched anything. \"The horn isn't glitchy on this car, is it?\" Roddy asked Wilson. \"I bet you not,\" Wilson responded, \"Far as I know, the wiring on this ca-..\" He stopped himself, then continued, \" Herbie was fine when I inspected it.\" \"Maybe he's got his own life to him?\" Lewis suggested, to which Wilson and Roddy gave him incredulous looks as he continued, \"Well, you know how we named our cars, right?\" \"Right.\" Roddy replied. \"Well,\" Lewis continued, \"Maybe it's something like that, you know? We give our cars all this love and warmth and kindness and respect… And then, we treat 'em like friends or family, that they become our friends and family.\" \"You're not seriously suggesting that this car came to life based on someone imbuing its bare metal with emotion, are you?\" Roddy snarked, to which Lewis rebutted. \"No such thing, because that's ridiculous.\" He stated, \"I'm just saying, cars can take on the life and personality of their owners, hence why Pegasus always sounds like she's guzzling coffee!\" \"Oooh, now I get it.\" Roddy nodded, patting Herbie's rear windscreen, \"Still, having a living car's gonna be weird.\" Herbie beeped in agreement, which Wilson and Lewis tilted their head at in interest. \"So,\" Wilson proposed, \"Want to take him on a little test run, you two?\" \"Sure.\" Roddy said as he climbed into Herbie's driver's seat, \"It'll be a good chance to get familiar with him.\" \"Alright, I'll come with!\" Lewis eagerly nodded before going back inside for another cup of coffee, yelling, \"Be right back!\" \"Of course!\" Roddy shouted back as he fired up Herbie. The little car's engine purred warmly as Lewis quickly got into Herbie's passenger seat, mounting a cupholder and his coffee on the little car's handlebar right above the glove compartment. \"Really, in my car?\" Roddy asked, raising an eyebrow as he put Herbie into gear. \"What?\" Lewis responded as if nothing was amiss, \"Gotta always be prepared in any emergency!\" \"Fine, fine, let's go.\" Roddy replied as Herbie rolled out of the garage smoothly and onto Colorado Boulevard, merging effortlessly into little car felt excited to be out on the road again, especially with an owner that cared for him so much. He didn't mean to cry when Roddy read out Jim's letter, but it still hurt the little car to know the one man who saw his potential and worth was gone. That was all gone, however, as the little bug comforted himself in knowing that his new owners would love and care for him just as Jim did, and trusted that they'd never let him down. Coming to a stoplight on a residential road far from the main street, Herbie braked smoothly and was presently joined by a loud, booming Honda Civic hatchback. The car, compared to Herbie, was squarer than the Bug, and in much worse condition. Two of the body fenders were the wrong color, which didn't matter as the entire car looked to be painted in matte spray paint. A loud exhaust coming right out of the hood was causing the booming noise, creating flames everytime the engine was revved much like Sterling's car. On the front end, one headlight remained up while the other was folded, and much of the front bumper had been hacked away to make room for a gaping chrome intercooler grille, which was sitting well too low to the ground to clear any kind of speed bump. On the rear end, a massive spoiler was put up nearly way too high on the rear hatch, which seemed to hardly do anything useful. Inside, the young driver banged his head to the Eurobeat music blasting out of his awful speaker system, but the only thing audible to anyone outside the car was a bothersome, almost nauseating buzzing. The only good thing that could be said about the little Civic was it's nice designer rims with low profile tyres, of which there were only two of them on the rear. The front pair, meanwhile, were the normal steel wheels with thick tyres and half the plastic hubcap ripped away. Its driver turned to Roddy and Lewis with a sneer, revving his engine loudly to intimidate them as the two looked to him with just abject disgust. \"This ricer's not gonna race us, is he?\" Lewis wondered. \"Nah,\" Roddy said, \"At least I hope not.\" \"EY YO BRO!\" Yelled out the \"Ricer\" in the Civic, laughing madly \"Mind if I squash that bug for you?!\" \"Be serious, will you?\" Roddy scoffed before rolling up his window. The ricer immediately began hollering in his seat, whooping madly as he revved his engine again and again. \"He's gonna race us, isn't he.\" Lewis stated. \"Yup, so I suggest you hang on.\" Roddy nodded and tightened his grip on the wheel, looking at the light in anticipation. When the light turned green, the ricer immediately pulled away. Herbie, however, decided to do a wheelie and roared his little flat-four to life. Lewis and Roddy screamed as the bug rose up before landing back down and tearing down the thoroughfare like a lightning bolt. The ricer thought he'd have the bug at the next stoplight, but that wasn't the case as Herbie suddenly came swerving through from behind into the other lane and coming to a stop at the next light. Incredulous, the ricer slowed down as he came to a stop next to the Beetle and turned his annoying music off. \"Dude!\" he called, as Roddy lowered his window, \"That was frickin' wicked! What'd you do to this car?!\" \"An adjustment here, adjustment there.\" Roddy said humbly, though the two men and the little car knew the truth. \"You guys should really go to this car show I'm headed to!\" The ricer continued, people're gonna love your ride there!\" With that, the light turned green and the ricer sped away loudly, while Herbie started off as normally as possible. \"So, you wanna go there?\" Roddy asked. Herbie gave a little beep of approval, but Lewis was less certain. \"I dunno,\" He said, \"those car shows are never a good idea. Attracts the wrong kind of people.\" \"I'm sure we'll be fine.\" Roddy grinned, patting Herbie's dashboard, \"We still got a nice ride, don't we?\" Herbie nodded on his suspension, causing the two men to be thrashed about slightly as they made their way after the crazy Civic. The car show was an impromptu affair, located in in an old abandoned parking lot that used to be a used car lot. When Herbie arrived, there were already many import and domestic sports cars there, the cacophony of engines much louder than at Jackrabbit Springs. When Herbie rolled through, many of the owners and attendees stopped and looked at the little Volkswagen slowly revving past them. Some even began to laugh, which made the bug start to shake, feeling very uncomfortable. \"Whoa, Herbie!\" Roddy said, as Lewis gently petted his dashboard, \"Are you ok?\" \"Well well well…\" came a suddenly-familiar voice, as Herbie jerked to a stop, \"What do we have here?\" Roddy and Lewis stopped and look to find Sterling Brandt standing right to their left with his Infiniti. Haruka was, again, by his side and looking quite uninterested, but her heart fluttered lightly when she saw Lewis, his heart doing the same. \"Seems the flaming shrimp got a new ride!\" Sterling grinned, leaning on Herbie's roof and leering down at the smaller male, \"Where'd you get this one, out of Ringling Brothers?\" \"Shut up, Brandt.\" Roddy said bluntly, \"At least my car's decent looking compared to your flashy little status symbol!\" Sterling's cohorts then oooh'd, which caused the man to raise his hand and silence them. \"At least my car doesn't look like a joke car they bring out to make the other cars look better!\" Sterling hissed, turning around and smiling smugly as if he had made a great comeback. \"That may be true!\" Roddy yelled, as Lewis held his shoulder back, \"but mine and definitely go faster than yours! \". The crowd seemed to gasp and make a circle around the two as Sterling turned around and, not taking Roddy seriously, walked towards him, tongue firmly pushed in his cheek. \"...You what now?\" Sterling purred, flashing a joking smirk, \"You're kidding right? Your little clown car can't beat my ultimate speed machine.\" \"I bet you it can and it will, any time, any day!\" Roddy screamed back. \"Yeah, and look good while doing it too!\" Lewis added, realizing the damage his words was causing. Sterling couldn't believe what he was hearing, while Haruka looked genuinely nervous, locking eyes with Lewis. Lewis nodded and tried to assure her with a look that said, \"It's ok.\", but wasn't sure if he did it right. \"You know what?\" Sterling said quietly, turning back to face Herbie as he leaned in dangerously close to Roddy, \"You put your money where your mouth is, little man. You, me, tomorrow at Jackrabbit Springs, sundown. You be there or I'll come after you and wreck this little doodle-bug myse-!\" In a flash, Herbie's driver-side door suddenly whipped open and smacked Sterling right in his chest and throat. The entire show went quiet, only Herbie's engine purred as the little car shut his door on its own. Roddy, Lewis and Haruka were all left scared as Sterling rubbed his throat and coughed, stumbling upwards and grabbing onto one of his friends as support. He had a vindictive look on his face, one that Roddy recognized as a face looking for blood. \"That's it…\" Sterling said in a hoarse voice, \"Tomorrow night, this same parking lot. We'll race, just mano-a-mano. You be there... \" he coughed suddenly, clutching his throat again, \"Or you'll get it from me and my crew…\" \"Y-you got a deal.\" Roddy said quickly, as Herbie rolled his window up suddenly and jerked away out of the parking lot, revving away from sight. Haruka cautiously looked at Sterling as her boyfriend stumbled towards her, grabbing her roughly by the arm in support and catching his breath. \"Haruka…\" He said slyly, \"Have my car prepared for tomorrow… I'm planning to put a BUG ZAPPER ON IT!\" He then pushed Haruka out of the way as the cocky man was surrounded by more and more of his cheering brothers in cars, causing the girl to fall over onto her own Suzuki Hayabusa motorbike. She grimaced and rubbed her arm from where he grabbed her, picking up her red and black streamlined motorbike as the loud music of the car show began again and the tense emotions all faded away into dull, vulgar camaraderie. Haruka then looked out towards the departing Volkswagen's direction and sighed. \"Prep your own car, bakayarou… \" She muttered, before Sterling called her name again and Haruka was forced to part with her two-wheeled companion.[Chapter 7] Herbie rolled into the Mission St. garage's lot just as the last of Wilson's daily customers had gone. Wilson himself was watching an old woman drive off in a Lincoln Town Car before he saw Lewis and Roddy roll up into an empty garage stall. Jackson emerged from under the Elan, once again filthy and covered in oil as he approached the group. Roddy and Lewis' sullen looks, however, caught both men off-guard and Wilson got some cheer-up coffees and hot chocolates for them, asking what had happened. \"Did Herbie drive just fine?\" He prodded, grabbing a chair and sitting down. \"Oh, he does.\" Roddy nodded as he stood through Herbie's sunroof, his elbows resting depressedly atop the car's windshield. \"So spill the beans,\" Jackson edged, pointing a monkey wrench at Lewis, \"Why're you two so down?\" \"It was Sterling Brandt again.\" Lewis admitted, sighing, \"We encountered him and Haruka over at a local impromptu car show and… we were challenged to a race.\" \"An illegal street race?\" Wilson asked, suddenly sounding serious as he got up and looked at Roddy, \"And did you refuse?\" \"No…\" Roddy grunted, rubbing his head, \"My… I don't know what to call it, came up again and I accepted his challenge. We're racing tonight.\" Wilson groaned as he ran his hands through his long black hair, thinking hard. \"What'll I tell your parents if something happens to you?\" He said, looking up to Roddy again, \"You really think they'd approve of you doing this?\" \"Of course they wouldn't,\" Roddy said back, \"But here I am. I made a mistake and I have nothing to lose now but…\" He then patted Herbie's roof, which elicited a bleary beep from the car. \"Why don't we just go as support?\" Jackson said, looking to Wilson, \"We could make sure Roddy stays safe with Forrest. I mean, it's not like he has to be there alone. Right?\" Wilson pondered for a bit more, looking into the innocent yet troubled faces of his son and friends. None of them seemed to have faith in themselves for this, so something had to be done to instill such faith. That was when he snapped his fingers. \"Support's a brilliant idea!\" Wilson said, clapping his hands together, \"And Roddy has nothing to worry about anyway!\" \"Why's that, dad?\" Lewis asked, perking up from leaning on Herbie's side. \"Why, we have a race car of course!\" Wilson grinned, \"A fully-fledged and tested one too! That's something we have over Sterling Brandt's car!\" \"But what if Sterling's got some dirty tricks up his sleeves?\" Jackson wondered, playing with his Land Rover's keys idly. This caused Roddy's eyes to grow wide in realization. \"Then we'll play dirty too, damn it!\" Roddy grinned, meeting Wilson and Lewis' excited gazes, \"If he's gonna play rough, I bet this little car here's got some tricks to outsmart that ricer-head!\" \"Yeah!\" Lewis exclaimed, pounding his fist into his paw, \"We'll show those idiots who we are!\" \"And who exactly are we?\" Jackson asked innocently. This caused the other three to quiet down and think, until Roddy had the answer. \"How about Team Douglas?\" Roddy suggested, patting Herbie's windshield as the bug began to tremble under him, \"We'll just continue whatever he did in racing Herbie to victory.\" \"Doesn't sound bad at all.\" Wilson said as he nodded, \"Alright Team Douglas, let's get to work!\" \"Yeah!\" Came the resounding reply as tools were gathered into boxes and stuffed into the back of Jackson's Land Rover. With a top-off of gasoline and a check of tire pressure and engine components, Herbie and Forrest revved off to face their challenge. At the parking lot, Sterling Brandt was looking at his watch while waiting aggravatedly for Roddy to show up. His watch read out \"12:00 AM\", and Sterling sighed, his impatience growing by each tick of the second hand. His other cohorts were busy milling about, discussing their car plans and showing off their newest features. Haruka, meanwhile, stood off to his side like an unwilling lapdog, keeping her eyes focused on anything but Sterling's face. Sterling noticed this, and very gently ran his hand along Haruka's head. This jerked her out of her daydreaming, but she maintained her emotionless composure as Sterling spoke to her. \"Worried about me tonight, mon cher ?\" Sterling cooed, turning Haruka to face him. Her eyes darted towards his for a moment before looked away. \"As always, my love.\" She replied, lying through her teeth but sounding as sincere as she could. This pleased Sterling as he continued speaking. \"Don't worry about me,\" He said, flexing his toned arms to impress her, \"Your precious Sterling Silver'll show that annoying little runt his place…\" He then leaned in close to Haruka, whispering in her ear, \"And maybe even impress you as my trophy girl.\" \"I thought I already was your 'trophy girl'\" Haruka replied, folding her arms and looking away again. Sterling interpreted this as Haruka being cold, so he offered her his bazer for warmth. \"No thanks,\" came the reply through gritted teeth, though Sterling could neither hear nor see it as one of his cohorts came running up to him. \"Boss, boss!\" came the man, running up in a blue New York Yankee's shirt and matching baseball cap, \"That bug's comin' up the road!\" \"About time!\" Sterling called out, as he slipped on his racing gloves from his pocket, \"I've been waiting to get some kraut in my teeth. Dirk, get the others. I prefer having the others watch.\" \"O-of course, boss!\" Dirk responded quickly as he ran over to his bright-orange Ford Mustang and gave its horn a honk, signalling others of the impending race. A few seconds later, Herbie and Forrest rolled up beside Sterling's Infiniti and came to a stop in the parking lot. Roddy sat in Herbie, alone, while Lewis, Jackson and Wilson sat in the Land Rover, watching the proceedings from a safe distance. Sterling's cohorts, including Red and Dirk, stepped closer to form a circle around the two drivers. As Roddy stepped out of the car, Sterling found that he was dressed in his blue racing helmet, a white button-up polo shirt and black skinny jeans with black loafers. Sterling, meanwhile, was without his Armani blazer, instead co-opting for a tight black v-neck tee that accentuated his physique and made him far larger and more intimidating than before. The two drivers stepped up to each other, with Sterling looking down at the smaller Roddy, as they tried to psyche each other out. Sterling then held out his hand, smirking cockily. \"I'm glad to see you made it, G-bomb.\" He sneered, \"Why don't we shake hands, in respect of the sport?\" \"I'd rather dip my arm in a vat of acid; than play your little game.\" Roddy growled, clenching his gloved fist. The other cohorts oohed and gasped, until Sterling held up his hand. \"Fine.\" He said, rather tersely, \"Let's not waste anymore time, shall we? We all know how this is going to end anyway. However, as this is the second time you're facing me, I'll let you off lightly.\" Sterling then leaned over Roddy, looming over him as his dark face was barely illuminated by the parking lot lights, and said, \"If I win, you can keep your stupid little rustbucket and merely go home filled with shame.\" \"And what if I win?\" Roddy responded, his voice wavering a little. Sterling chuckled darkly, standing up straight again. \"Let's cross that bridge when we get there,\" He replied ominously, before breaking down the rules, \"We'll be racing to the corner of Colorado and Lake; from there, we'll go up Lake to the end of its road at the houses at the foot of the mountain. We'll then turn around and race back here, simple as that.\" Sterling then leaned down until his face was level with Roddy's, grinning like a mad Cheshire cat as he whipped his aviators off and asked, \"Savvy?\" \"Crystal.\" Came Roddy's blunt reply. The two males gave themselves one final staredown before parting and climbing into their vehicles. Sterling was the first to start up, flipping every switch he had on his Infiniti to activate the nitrous control, ground lights, wheel lights, electrical system, and finally, the engine, which emitted a loud, booming roar similar to that of an angry tiger. The Infiniti's engine rumbled as it warmed up, Sterling making a show as he moved out of the parking lot and onto the adjacent street. A chalk line had been drawn up going from one side or the other before Roddy arrived, so Sterling lined up and fixed his hair in his rearview mirror, giving Roddy a disturbing leer. The younger, smaller male was not as intimated though, as he fired up Herbie's engine. The other tuner car owners laughed and mocked Herbie's little wimpy sound, but both he and Roddy knew they'd be eating their words just yet. Herbie then moved up to the start line level with the Infiniti and waited. The crowd moved to parallel the road, as Haruka stayed behind to watch from a distance. Lewis couldn't help but look at her worried expression and feel worried for her the same, but his attention was needed elsewhere. Meanwhile, Red quickly grabbed an American flag off a house up the block and ran back to the group, holding it high above his skinny head. Roddy and Sterling's eyes followed the flag, just waiting for the drop. Lewis and Haruka both held their breath as Jackson and Wilson watched in anticipation. With a sudden motion, Red suddenly dropped the flag and let out a blood-curdling yell out of nowhere. This spooked Roddy to bits as Sterling got the drop on him and accelerated quickly out of the startline. The smaller male growled and put Herbie into gear, the Beetle starting right up and accelerating away like a bullet train. \"There he goes…\" Jackson stated. \"I hope he's going to be fine…\" Wilson added. \"Agreed…\" Lewis said, looking once again to Haruka as their eyes met and a singular thought entered their head: \"Sterling can't win.\" Sterling and Roddy were blasting down the street as fast as their wheels could carry them, nearly going neck and neck as Herbie began to catch up with the shining Infiniti. Sterling was quite surprised the little Beetle could keep up with his off-the-charts tuner car, but didn't think much of it as he suddenly braked hard while approaching an intersection. Roddy was a little late on his brake response time as Sterling yanked the handbrake in his car, sending the Infiniti into a controlled drift around the corner and shooting down Colorado Boulevard faster than ever. As Roddy watched Sterling drive off, Herbie decided to take control and suddenly swerved into the opposite lane, causing Roddy to smack into the left side windows as the bug chased after his opponent with determination burning in his pistons. \"Whoa, warn me next time!\" Roddy grunted as he rubbed his face, right before he realized where he once was and took control of Herbie again. Herbie growled aggressively as he swerved up the empty street, the little old Bug still unused to racing after remaining dormant for a long time. The duo was soon catching up with Sterling as Lake Avenue soon came into view. The Infiniti driver saw the little Beetle speeding up and grinned as he yanked the handbrake and zoomed north on Lake. Herbie growled as Roddy was pushed back into his seat by an extra burst of power, the Beetle deciding to take an alternate route across the sidewalk and under a shop entrance, taking out a plastic newspaper dispenser in the process. \"Come on Herbie!\" Roddy yelled over the din of Herbie's rumbling engine as they roared over the 210 freeway. \"Let's show that blowhard what a real racecar can do!\" Herbie beeped in reply and suddenly let off another wheelie, zooming down the road and steadily catching up to Sterling's Infiniti rather quickly until both were level and speeding down Lake Avenue at over 100 miles per hour. Sterling was confused, asking himself how in the hell a clapped-out old car was managing to keep up with his solidly-built discoteque of a vehicle. Roddy meanwhile chewed on his cheek in concentration, then turned to give Sterling a little wave as Herbie suddenly shot forward and crested over a softly-inclined intersection, bouncing as he hit the ground. Sterling growled and pushed another button on his Infiniti to catch up. In an instant, the nitrous tank by the rear windshield hissed as blue flames roared out of his car's exhaust pipe. The Infiniti rocketed forward suddenly as the race soon hit the suburban section of the race climbing up the side of the San Gabriel Mountains. Big four-lane thoroughfares soon gave way to small two-lane roads, and Herbie had no difficulty navigating the streets as nimbly as he could. All the while, the bug would regularly communicate with Roddy via his controls, teaching the young driver the nuances of his gearbox and handling. Roddy was quick to pick up and soon, he was driving Herbie himself as they reached the end of Lake Avenue. \"Let's try something out, Herb.\" Roddy said as he tugged on the bug's handbrake. Herbie could sense what his owner was trying to do, going into a left-hand controlled skid to turn around. Roddy could feel Herbie's back end swinging out more than usual, slowing him down as the driver applied more gas to compensate. As soon as they were the right way around, however, they were suddenly frightened as Sterling streaked by them on an intersection, causing Herbie to squeal to a stop as both tried to catch their breath. This gave Sterling a chance to get an advantage as he made a sharp, squealing J-turn and roared back down the hill. Herbie growled as he was passed and reversed onto Lake again, squealing his tires as he chased after Sterling. Near the bottom of the hill, the two were now neck and neck, as Herbie was aided by their tricky downhill driving. Sterling growled, still not believing Roddy was properly racing him and decided it was time to play dirty. As they both rushed over the 210 again, and were just about to turn onto Colorado, Sterling gave a light tap to Herbie's rear fender as the cars rounded the curve. This caused Herbie to immediately start spinning uncontrollably, but the bug managed to correct himself by racing in reverse. Roddy screamed as he looked at the rear facing forward, watching as Herbie easily passed Sterling again and managed to spin himself back forward as they turned onto the road to the parking lot. The Infiniti's driver was left stunned as Herbie crossed the finish line first, causing his cohorts to be quiet in shock as Jackson, Lewis and Wilson cheered from inside the Land Rover. Haruka smiled sweetly, happy to see Roddy had won as Herbie revved over to Wilson and the others, purring happily as Roddy hugged all of them victoriously. Sterling, however, was left catatonic as his Infiniti limped across the start line slowly, black smoke emitting from his exhaust pipe as the charismatic and cocky leader now exited his car quietly, looking at his cohorts as he pointed over to the celebrating group. \"...D'you see that!?\" He managed to yelp, before looking again to find Haruka smiling with Lewis, their hands clasped together. Sterling could feel his countenance worsen, shock and disbelief were soon replaced by jealousy and vengeance. \"Boss…?\" Dirk wondered, approaching him cautiously as Sterling's fists clenched. Suddenly the man smacked Dirk violently onto the ground, two of his other cohorts coming to the man's aid as Sterling pointed a finger at Herbie. \"I want that car... \" He growled, \"Gone before it can mock me again…\" Sterling then rubbed his still-scarred lip as he called out, \"HARUKA!\" \"Oh no…\" She suddenly said, letting go of Lewis suddenly, \"I-I have to go…\" \"Oh, I understand.\" Lewis responded, a little downtrodden, \"But you'll still call, right?\" \"Of course!\" Haruka said as she pressed her hand to Lewis's chest before walking away quickly to Sterling's side, nervously anticipating what he'd do to her. Sterling simply just shoved Haruka into his Infiniti and shut the door, driving away loudly as his other cohorts left without another word, leaving Herbie's standing there, confused but still pleased with themselves as they too broke off and left for home.[Chapter 8] The next morning, Roddy woke up on his bed again in a dizzying blur. What the heck happened last night, he asked himself as he slowly got up and stretched, feeling rather stiff. Going to his bedroom window to let some light in, Roddy was surprised to find Herbie parked outside, with both his parents looking at the car. Feeling nervous, he quickly got some flannel pajama pants on and walked outside in flip-flops. Maya heard him and gave him a big hug at first, while Rodolfo looked down at the car's engine bay, seemingly impressed. \"Is this your new car, son?\" Maya asked, trying not to sound too judgemental for him, \"How much was it?\" \"This is my new car, mom.\" Roddy responded, yawning, \"And it cost me $200 from a junkyard.\" \"And is it safe?\" Maya continued asking, \"Since you know, I'm worried about your safety.\" \"It's safe, mom, I assure you.\" Roddy smiled as he hugged his mom again, \"I'll be fine with it.\" Maya sighed in relief, pressing her hand to Roddy's chest. \"Ok,\" she said, nodding as she looked up at her taller son, \"I trust you and will give you some money to get him titled and registered. After that, I need you to run some deliveries, ok?\" \"Ok, mom.\" Roddy nodded and kissed his mom on the cheek as his family went back inside. The rest of the early morning was spent at the Department of Motor Vehicles, then afterwards Herbie was used to run some deliveries out to some customers around the neighborhood. As Roddy continued his deliveries that day, he did notice something off about Herbie. Whenever his old Del Sol used to go around a corner, stuff would slide everywhere and food would get spilled, or worse; now, however, whenever Herbie would corner, the food would remain still in place and nothing would get spilled. Roddy thought that this was a useful feature as he soon arrived at his delivery destination, a large gated mansion around old Pasadena with a couple cars parked outside the house. Roddy rang the gate's doorbell and stood back, as a deep, rich baritone voice broke through. \"Hello, who is it?\" came the voice through the speaker. \"I got a delivery!\" Roddy responded, looking at the receipt slip, \"One pancit with beef tapa for a Ms... Delia Cruz?\" \"Oh, that's for my cleaning lady!\" The voice said, \"Stand back, I'll let you in!\" \"Thank you!\" Roddy said and stood back from the gate as it opened up. As it did though, Roddy soon found out who owned the house by the sight of a familiar shining-silver Infiniti sitting in front one of the garage doors. He could feel his blood run cold as Roddy said to himself, \"Oh no… It's Sterling's house.\" It took a little nudge from Herbie's bumper to shake him out of his nervous daydreaming as Roddy walked up to the front door, Herbie following onto the driveway. With a knock on the door, a tall, slender man with a nicely-chiseled jawline and a moustache answered the door, dressed in an immaculate suit. \"Why hello there!\" He said jovially, \"I suppose you're for my cleaning lady?\" \"Yes sir,\" said Roddy, handing over the receipt, \"Here's the total and here's the food.\" He then offered the bag to the man, asking as he looked to the garage's modest collection of cars, \"Mind if I ask who you are?\" \"Why…\" The man said, digging into his pockets for some money, \"I'm Morrison Brandt, owner of Brandt Luxury Autos. Don't mind the silver sports car outside, that belongs to my son.\" \"Uh-huh,\" Roddy replied tersely as the money was handed to him, \"I know him too well.\" \"That's an interesting little car you have out there, though.\" Morrison said, ignoring Roddy's response as he set the food down in the dining room. The man then stepped outside past Roddy to get a good look at Herbie, commenting, \"Interesting racing colors too. Anything custom on it?\" \"Not that I know of,\" Roddy replied as he followed Morrison, \"apart from the rollbar. Why do you ask?\" \"Ah, now, well,\" Morrison began, \"My dealership sponsors these sports car days out on many of the local racetracks around here and we have one coming up at Laguna Seca this weekend for two days. I'd be delighted if you can bring your little Volkswagen along, it'd help lighten up the grid and give everyone something to look at.\" Roddy blushed, feeling honored that Sterling's dad would invite him to Laguna Seca, a very prestigious racetrack that ranked higher than Jackrabbit Springs for any decent driver. \"I'd be honored, sir!\" Roddy exclaimed, \"I'll be sure to show up!\" \"Perfect!\" Morrison beamed, patting Roddy on the shoulder before walking away, \"I expect to see you there!\" As he crossed the threshold of his house, Sterling was just coming down the stairs, dressed in a tank-top and boxers, yawning tiredly. \"Who was that, dad…?\" He grunted, looking out to the open front door as he brushed his unkempt hair from his eyes. \"Oh, just a delivery for our housekeeper,\" Morrison nodded, calling for her right that second. \"Delivery…?\" Sterling yawned as he approached the front door, only to find Herbie driving away out of the driveway and onto the street. His eyes bugged, memories of last night flooding him and seeing that accursed bug showboating him and beating him. Sterling's mind could still not get over the fact that on paper, every single thing his car could do better, an unmodified little bug was somehow doing it better than him. Sterling calmly closed the door and went upstairs to his lavish bedroom, emitting a loudly-growing, rage-filled growl as he suddenly grabbed his xBox controller and hurled it at the wall, shattering it. Grabbing his iPhone and dialing a familiar number, the angry male pulled at his hair as he was soon greeted by a posh-sounding voice. \"Brandt Luxury Automotive, garage.\" Came the voice as casually as it could. \"Get me the entire damn crew,\" Sterling growled, looking at his dark reflection in the mirror as he smiled, \"We've got something to do.\" Back at the Mission St. Garage, Herbie was parked outside on the main lot as Roddy was in the garage, helping Jackson and Lewis to lift out the Lotus' engine. Roddy had told them about Morrison Brandy inviting him to race at Laguna Seca, which was met with raucous cheers and the need to get the Elan finished by that weekend for the race. Herbie, meanwhile, felt bored as he watched the three males working on the little sportscar. The garage was quiet at noontime as well, with one or two people coming in for oil changes or tire rotations. Getting his own ideas, the little car started up his engine and rolled out towards the garage's access door to the waiting room. Wilson was just exiting with some parts forms in hand when he suddenly was startled by the little car standing there, idling quietly and seemingly looking up at him in expectation. \"Uh, hi Herbie.\" Wilson said, patting the Bug on his hood and trying to push him away, \"I'm kinda busy right now, so I have to go handle this.\" Herbie seemed to understand as he rolled away from Wilson, who returned to walking into his backroom. The bug seemed indignant to find something to do and decided to go examine Pegasus, who was parked up next the garage where the three others were working. The little car gingerly approached the Impala and gave its side a little tap with his bumper, backing away quickly and raising his rear end up for a response. After a few minutes, Herbie let out a quizzical bleat on his horn, approaching the Impala again, then backing away like an excitable little puppy. Again, Pegasus offered no response, so Herbie frowned internally and returned to his parking spot, deciding to take a nap if he was going to be lazy all day. Meanwhile, Jackson and Lewis had been watching the odd display as Roddy was below the Elan's chassis, inspecting the many tubes and lines. \"Your car's weird, dude.\" Jackson commented, a half-empty can of Monster in his hand. \"I don't know what he was trying to do to Pegasus,\" said Lewis, pausing for a sip of coffee before he continued, \"Courting Pegasus, maybe?\" \"Maybe.\" Jackson replied, sipping his drink again. \"You never know with cars like that!\" Roddy called out from under the Elan, then offered out his hand and said, \"Can someone get me an 11-mil wrench?\" The next few days seemed to go by as normal, with Roddy making his food deliveries in Herbie as Jackson and Lewis finished working on the little Lotus Elan. The mere thought of beating Sterling Brandt was far from their minds as on Friday, Herbie, Forrest and the Elan drove out to Malibu one evening to test the sports car's performance mods. The night was warm, enough to go without a jacket on as the group stopped at a local restaurant called Lily's to fill up before they went on a test run. Lewis, Jackson and Roddy sat in their own booth with the window facing their cars as they waited on some service, idly chatting to pass the time. \"So what're you looking to get?\" Roddy nodded, slipping his glasses off and chewing idly on the ear pieces. \"I don't know,\" Lewis grinned, looking at Roddy cheekily, \"Maybe un cafe? \" An eyeroll from the smaller male made him giggle incessantly as he regained composure, \"Nah, I think I'll have some fish tacos. What about you, Jackson?\" \"Bwekfust\" Jackson uttered as he flopped face-first onto the table. Lewis and Roddy gave the afro-topped male a momentary glance before returning to normal. \"I think I'll have the fish tacos too.\" Roddy nodded, putting his menu down and calling for the waiter. A few moments later, a green-haired male exited the kitchen and strode over, wearing a black vest and slacks and white shirt, topped off with a green bowtie. When Roddy saw him, he immediately put his glasses back on and made sure not to look at the man, but just keep him in his field of view, blushing heavily from how attractive their waiter looked, especially with that bowtie and those sparkling emerald eyes. \"What can I get you boys?\" He asked in a gentle tenor voice. Lewis saw Roddy instantly blush when he saw the waiter and grinned internally before giving the orders. \"Two fish tacos and a breakfast burrito, please.\" He reported, \"As well as a lemonade, a coffee and Sprite.\" \"You got it.\" The waiter smiled before he walked back to the kitchen and Lewis turned to Roddy, grinning and leaning in close to rub the embarrassed male's obvious infatuation in. \"So…\" He purred, giggling, \"What was his name~?\" \"Dent…\" Roddy muttered. \"Wait what?\" Lewis asked, looking back to their green-haired waiter. \"I guess it's his last name.\" Roddy continued, \"Said it on his name tag. Still odd though.\" The three soon received their foods and tucked in, coming out of the restaurant 30 minutes later as they rubbed their full stomachs and leaned against their cars. Roddy couldn't help but look back at \"Dent\" as they left Lily's, to which Lewis hooked him by the collar and leaned Roddy against Herbie's side to catch his breath. The bug let out a \"beep\" from the gentle impact and opened his door for Roddy, who climbed inside. All three let out a groan as they sat in their cars, looking towards each other. \"I think we ate too much…\" Roddy grunted, to which Lewis and Jackson nodded. \"We're never eating here again…\" Lewis added, letting out a large burp. \"Hey!' Jackson grunted as he started Forrest's engine, \"I love this restaurant!\" \"Fine, you can eat here again.\" Roddy grunted as Herbie started on his own, calling out, \"Let's get this test done!\" The trio eventually drove over to the western end of Kanan Dume road, an important through-mountain thoroughfare that took drivers from the beaches to the 101 freeway through the Zuma and Trancas canyons. Herbie was the first to turn onto Kanan Dume, revving his plucky flat-four as he accelerated up the hill. The Elan was next, Lewis shifting the little coupe into a hill-climbing gear as he shot upwards after Herbie. Jackson was the last one up the hilly road, keeping an eye out for any California Highway Patrol cars springing a speed-trap on them. The two little race-cars edged themselves up the steep uphill grade, racing side-by-side at a decent clip before Lewis decided to take it up a notch and downshifted, making the Elan's little engine sing as he drew ahead. Herbie revved his engine too and matched the Elan, the two going side-by-side as they drove deeper into Zuma Canyon. However, unbeknownst to them, a shadowy figure was chasing after them on a red and black Suzuki Hayabusa sportbike. The Rider had seen them last at Lily's where they had seen the group walking out and leaving the restaurant, and was now chasing them up Kanan Dume to get a better look at them. With a squeal of their motorcycle's engine, the streamlined sportbike shot up past Jackson and gave him a fright, making him honk Forrest's horn in response. Lewis and Roddy looked behind them to find the Hayabusa shooting past them, the bike leaning into a tight curve as it roared into a tunnel. Roddy and Lewis looked at each other before Lewis turned on Eurobeat music on his radio and the two classic cars chased after the motorcycle. \"Who in the hell does this rider think he is?\" Roddy grunted as he chewed on his cheek again, letting Herbie handle the shifting as he chased after the Rider, roaring into the tunnel and hugging every corner as tightly as he could as the little Beetle caught up to the sportbike. Its rider looked back momentarily before flames spat out of the Hayabusa's rear end, red streaks seemingly emitting from the tail-lights as they rocketed ahead and leaned into a tight corner. Roddy, sensing the corner's tightness, decided to try his hand at drifting again and pivoted his right foot so that his heel touched the gas and his toes touched the brake. Pulling on the handbrake as he went into the corner, Roddy hung tightly to the Bug's wheel as Herbie's rear end swung out; the tires squealed in protest and the suspension dug in as Roddy looked out at the darkened canyon bottom not even a few meters from their position. Coming out the curve, Herbie slowly made his way towards the rider. A tight right-hand hairpin curve lay right ahead, with a guardrail protecting its canyon-facing side from any drivers falling off the steeply-banked curve. The Rider gritted their teeth and braked early, preparing to slide around the curve to lose their opponent. Herbie, however, had other ideas. \"What're you doing, Herbie?!\" Roddy grunted as he felt the bug's wheel jerk right, heading right for the guardrail, \"You're gonna get us killed!\" Tried as he could to jerk the wheel back, Herbie took no need of his driver's actions and advanced, having his own ideas on how to pass the Rider. Roddy then braced as the Rider swung their rear around to slide through the corner, their own thin tire squealing on the old asphalt road. Suddenly, from behind her, a banging noise came as Herbie suddenly jumped and did a 90-degree turn onto the guardrail at high speed, sparks flying as the Beetle literally rail-slid past her and exited the curve with all four tires squealing as they hit asphalt. Inside Roddy screamed and braced as he felt the Beetle leap, then slam down onto the railing, feeling dizzy before realizing he was looking right down at the canyon below. Holding onto Herbie's rollbar, Roddy continued screaming as Herbie swung himself off the guardrail and squealed back onto the road, zipping past the Hayabusa and drawing ahead. The Rider was left stunned as she slowed down for a moment before accelerating again, cresting the hill to find Herbie pulled-over at an intersection a few meters away. Roddy was outside, clutching the bug's roof as his kneels buckled and trembled, his chest pounding after experiencing such a shocking move by his car. The Rider pulled up alongside and nodded their helmeted head, to which Roddy responded with a gulp as he weakly held up a thumbs up. \"G-good race!\" He said, before slumping back down onto Herbie's seat. The Rider nodded and revved their sport bike's engine loudly again before accelerating off in a light squeal of tire smoke. Jackson and Lewis caught up a few moments later as Forrest and the Elan pulled up behind him, asking the bugged-out male what happened back there. All Roddy could say in response was, \"That rider… could frickin' ride.\" Lewis and Jackson looked at each other in awe, then down the road the Rider had left, wondering who that mad motorcyclist was in the first place. Herbie meanwhile idled happily, proud of his racing moves and knowing that inside, he still had it.[Chapter 9] \"What do you mean there's nothing special about that little car!?\" Sterling fumed as he faced his garage director that very same night, hands clutching the table in restrained rage as a vein almost popped on his forehead, \"I've seen what that thing can do, and it's damn near impossible for any car of its own caliber to do something like that!\" \"I-I don't know what to say, sir!\" The garage's assistant manager, a young twenty-something with big, opaque glasses and a blonde mop of hair, replied as he cowered in fear, \"We've procured a model similar to the car in question and have analyzed its performance from your dashcam, but we haven't been able to replicate the results!\" \"LIES!\" Sterling shouted as he shoved the table aside and approached the manager, stabbing his finger into his thin chest, \"You give me whatever it takes to beat that annoying little cretin and his machine, or so help me I will tie you to the back of my sports car and swing you around Mulholland Drive!\" \"Y-yes sir!\" The manager stammered, his lips trembling as Sterling gave him one more hard stare, sending more fear through the young man. Sterling then spun on his heel and entered the almost clinically-clean garage. Around him, expensive cars of almost every model lay in various states of repair with not a single scratch or tire mark on the white tile floor. The entire garage could be compared not-incorrectly to a hospital, as wires and cables connected every car being worked on to its own computer, making it easy for the mechanics to find out what was wrong. However, far from all the futuristic equipment, Sterling had his eye on the dark blue Volkswagen Beetle sitting far in a shadowy corner of the garage. The little car looked exactly like Herbie in every way apart from the color, but now it stood destitute compared to its other garage mates. The little Beetle's fenders had all been removed, while its engine was mounted on a stand and connected with wires to another computer. Its tires stood on a stack nearby, while metal analyzing devices and gadgets similar to that were laid out on a table, having been used all over the car. Sterling himself had bought the car through a local junkyard on such extremely short notice, under the express purpose of finding out what was made Herbie tick, but couldn't find anything. The engine, the shocks, the wheels and the general layout of the car remained the same, so how could a little four-cylinder engine beat his performance-tuned V6? On paper, it should have made sense that Roddy Gomez should have been thoroughly trounced to next Tuesday, but that wasn't the case after all. Sterling growled as he approached the poor little car and gave it a hard, angry kick on its rear fender, leaving a deep dent along its worn, curved form. An angry stream of expletives erupted from his mouth, all directed at the car before he realized something and stopped before he could lay another kick on the innocent vehicle.. Whipping out his phone, Sterling dialed a number and pressed \"call.\" \"Ricky!\" He said, his demeanour turning from angry to sociable in an uncanny speed, \"It's Sterling Brandt, Morrison's son.\" A pause, then he continued, \"Yes, yes, I'm ok right now. Anyway, do you have that GTR still in the garage?\" Another pause, then, \"Yes, the racecar.\" His face fell slightly as he responded with an \"oh…\"; but suddenly lifted again as Sterling said, \"Awesome, I'll need it for tomorrow. Can you ship it up to Laguna Seca tonight?\" One final pause passed as Sterling nodded his head, finishing with, \"Alright, I'll see you tomorrow.\" He then closed his phone as the lean-jawed man looked at the Volkswagen in pieces, grinning that familiar Cheshire cat-grin again as he pressed his hands together. \"Soon, Gomez,\" he muttered, disdain dripping with every syllable, \"Soon, you'll pay…\". Early the next morning, Roddy and his friends were preparing to head out to Laguna Seca. The Elan, after getting a new coat of polish, was loaded onto the Radinsky's Freightliner flatbed and covered with a tarp, while Herbie was loaded onto a trailer attached behind Forrest. Lewis and Roddy were riding in Pegasus again, who was packed to the gills with clothes, food, and other supplies needed for the long journey ahead. The little bug was insistent on not going on a trailer, but was soon coerced by Roddy telling him that Herbie needed to be in peak physical condition for the race. Like the Elan, Herbie was soon covered by a tarp, but his headlights were left uncovered so the bug could see. When the garage's clock tower rang six in the morning, the group left the mist-overcast streets of Pasadena and headed out on the open road. This was a new experience for Herbie, who enjoyed riding on his comfortable trailer, enjoying the golden-yellow expanses of the Central Valley as the motley cavalcade headed north. In the past, the little car had to drive himself to his races and back, causing him some minor exhaustion before he could even race; but now, he was able to rest before hand and just have some quiet time to himself. The drive was mostly uneventful, save for Jackson accidently locking his keys in Forrest at a Fresno gas station. This earned a laughing series of beeps from Herbie, which Jackson mournfully begged to stop as the others joined in. When the crew arrived at Laguna Seca, their jaws dropped as they were witness to the largest variety of sports cars they had ever seen. Everywhere they looked, the marques caught their eyes like flies to honey: Ferrari, Porsche, Lamborghini, De Tomaso, Nissan, Lancia. Their minds boggled at the sight of so many classic and new cars around them, so they tried not to be distracted as Herbie and the Elan were rolled off the trailers and pushed into the pits. Roddy himself was busy looking around for Morrison Brandt as he walked right next to Herbie, the little car idling gently as he parked himself into a spot right next to an old, blue Chevrolet Corvette coupe. Lewis parked right across from him as the Corvette's driver, a blond man in aviators that resembled the stereotype of a 'surfer dude', noticed Herbie and whistled. \"Primo bug there dude,\" He drawled in an unmistakable Valley accent, \"Whatcha runnin'?\" \"Oh, this?\" Roddy said, getting up from Herbie's other side and giving the bug a wipe-down with a rag, \"Ordinary VW engine.\" \"Oooh, wow.\" The man commented, leaning on his Corvette as he chuckled slightly, \"Best not get left in the dust then, not at this place!\" \"Indeed not.\" Came a sly voice from behind Roddy. As Wilson and Jackson arrived, both Roddy and Lewis looked back to find Sterling Brandt walking up the pits, Dirk and Red flanking his sides like two guard dogs. The Eastern European cocked his head up, looking at Roddy through his sunglasses and then to Lewis as he took in the sight of the both of them. Disgust ran thick in his voice as he then said, \"So, you made it, huh?\" \"Yeah, of course we did.\" Lewis said, leaning over the Elan's rear as Wilson got to work checking the engine out. Jackson, meanwhile, helped Roddy with Herbie's tire pressure as Lewis continued, \"Why wouldn't we?\" \"Because my dad's an idiot to invite you losers over, of course.\" Sterling spat out, then literally spitting on the pit lane as he said, \"You two better stay out of my way today, I want to look good for Haruka~.\" He then whipped out a switchblade-style comb, running it through his finely coiffed hair, as if to accentuate his attractiveness. \"Fine, fine.\" Roddy nodded, waving Sterling away, \"We won't make you lose too badly, won't we Herbie?\" \"Herbie?\" Sterling chortled mockingly, \"The thing has a name?\" \"Of course!\" Roddy replied, smiling innocently as Herbie wiggled in place a little, \"If you like your car, wouldn't you give it a name?\" \"Obviously,\" Sterling said, waving his hand in the air dismissively, \"Mine's called the \"Bug Swatter.\"\" \"That name sucks, dude!\" Jackson called out from behind Herbie as he checked the Beetle's oil. \"You can say that now, but watch what happens when I take both of you out on the track with my car!\" Sterling growled, turning heel and walking away as Red and Dirk both followed quickly. \"As if…\" Lewis and Roddy both thought as they returned to prepping their cars. An hour later, just as Lewis made his final checks on the Elan and signed in for a later heat, he had ambled over to the concession stand to get himself a coffee. As he took his hot cup and began to pour some hazelnut creamer over it, Lewis suddenly heard a couple voices coming from behind him and by the porto-potties. Creeping over as quietly as he could over the noise of the sports cars revving and zooming by around him, he managed to spy Haruka and Sterling from afar, apparently in the middle of an argument. Haruka's face was flushed red with rage, as her tears being consciously held back. Sterling, meanwhile, had his arms crossed and was purposefully avoiding eye contact with her, looking as if he wasn't listening. Through the noise of the cars and the crowds, Lewis sipped on his coffee unseen as he managed to listen in. \"...And you never seem to listen to me at all!\" Haruka bellowed loudly, holding her hand to her face as she stood her ground, \"What makes you think that I'm nothing but just your trophy!\" \"But you aren't a trophy, my sweet,\" Sterling reasoned as he reached for her free hand, only getting a hard slap on his wrist in response, \"I'm just trying to make sure you have the best life that you deserve.\" Sterling then shook his hand, looking curiously at Haruka as she frowned at him. \"Being unnecessarily cruel to other people around you isn't the life I want to lead, Sterling!\" Haruka spat back, beginning to lose her composure as she trembled violently, looking down at the ground as the tears started to flow, screaming, \"I can't keep up this life anymore!\" \"Haruka.\" Sterling said, all warmth in his voice gone as he picked her head up by the chin and directed her gaze into his, \"If you leave me now, I can assure you that nobody else out there can help you. My business with collapse without you, and so surely will my father's.\" \"Is that all I am to you then?!\" She shouted, some people beginning to take notice to the argument as Lewis gripped his coffee tightly, \"Am I just a cheap business tactic?! You think this is some kind of… arranged marriage, kingdom thing?!\" Haruka could no longer control her tears, doubling over and starting to cry. Sterling then kneeled down in front of her and rubbed his hand along her back, to which Haruka visibly stiffened. \"Absolutely not,\" Sterling said gently, but with his voice devoid of any emotion or sincerity, \"You are more than that to me. You are my world, and I can't live without you.\" Haruka then looked up as she gasped for breath, wiping her tears away before looking into Sterling's face. As with his voice, his face was lacking any sign of affection, remaining hard as stone as his hand continued to rub her back. Haruka then got up roughly, throwing his hand off her and pointing angrily at him. \"I don't believe that for one damn second, Sterling Brandt!\" She shouted again, her voice raw and choked with tears. Sterling got up as well, looking down on Haruka like an authoritarian parent. \"Haruka,\" He said sternly as he folded his arms, \"I'm not quite fond of your tone.\" \"Well, tough!\" Haruka growled, her fists clenched, \"If you don't like it, then you could just-!\" Haruka never got to finish her sentence, as a sudden back-handed slap from Sterling sent her collapsing onto the asphalt. Lewis gasped as Sterling merely stood over her prone, crying body, giving her one final hard stare as he said, \"By the time I see you again, your attitude better have changed. Otherwise, there'll be consequences.\" Without another word, he then walked away and left Haruka, passing by Lewis without noticing him. Lewis quickly got out of his hiding spot and crept over to the fallen woman, putting his hand gently on hers. Haruka slowly moved her aching head and opened her tearstained eyes, her vision clearing up until she managed to see Lewis standing over her, a concerned look upon his face. \"Are you ok, Haruka?\" He asked softly, helping her to her feet. Haruka only nodded quietly as Lewis hefted her arm over his shoulder. \"I'll be ok…\" She said quietly, turning her head to gently nuzzle his fuzz-studded neck. \"Can I help you out anywhere?\" Lewis asked, leading her through the crowds towards the pits, purposely taking a longer way around to avoid Sterling's group. \"Maybe somewhere quiet?\" She asked, looking at him with those big, adorable brown eyes. Lewis whimpered as he suddenly came up with an idea and led Haruka straight into Pegasus. He then covered her in a blanket gently, leaving the windows open and locking the station wagon. \"Will you be ok in here?\" He asked before he left. \"I will,\" Haruka said, nodding as she snuggled herself into the blanket, before muttering a quiet \"Thank you…\" \"Anytime.\" Lewis said casually as he patted Pegasus' roof and left Haruka to nap. In his head, though, fireworks were going off as the image of Haruka sleeping cutely in his car made Lewis oddly blissful. A happy smile ended up spread across his face as he walked his way back into the pits.[Chapter 10] When Lewis got back onto pit lane, Herbie and Roddy were gearing up for their first heat of the day. The little bug was pushed onto the pits by Jackson, Roddy, and Wilson, joining a grid that was made up of newer import cars including a red BMW M3 two-door coupe, a bright yellow Mercedes C63 Black two-door coupe, and a large, white Bentley Continental GT coupe, all modern cars of the highest sporting caliber. Herbie was lined up at the rear of the pack, at Morrison's recommendation for good competition as, in front, Sterling leaned on his shining, aggressively styled Nissan GTR coupe. The Japanese sportscar was painted in the same shining silver as his Infiniti, but showed no signs of being ridiculously modified. The lean-jawed male grinned to himself as he looked back to see Herbie lining up behind a black Jaguar F-Type two-door coupe on the grid. This was his chance to leave that little bug in the dirt and rub its loss in the same dirt once and for all. A race official stepped onto the track a few minutes later and pointing his wrapped flag at the racers. This was the signal for the drivers to enter their cars and start their engines, who did so with unsurprising gusto. Among the cacophony of rumbling six-, eight-, and twelve-cylinder engines, Herbie's little flat-four wheezed and howled comically, causing many on the pit lane and in the stands to laugh mockingly. Sterling smirked at their mirth, the GTR's engine growling smoothly way up in front. The official then raised his flag high, which was greeted by the drivers sticking their hands out of their car to indicate their readiness. In a flash, the official's green flag went down and he stepped out of the way, as a million or so combined horses rumbled forward to start the day's next heat. The field spread out evenly as all the cars were off the line, Herbie bringing up the rear as Roddy was once again chewing on the side of his cheek, focusing solely on getting Herbie into first. Cresting over the first hilly corner and rounding down to the second, a tight left-hand hairpin, Herbie took advantage of the other cars' need to brake as he shot by some of them on the outside. The little car then pushed himself into the mid-field, overtaking a Bentley Continental and causing its driver to give the car his finger as Herbie shot ahead, the field spreading out nicely again as they headed through the third turn. Down the straight, a Mercedes coupe was blocking Herbie's way and braking hard in anticipation, but Roddy swerved Herbie into the inside and took the fourth turn right on the inside, kicking up some dirt as he did so as the Mercedes went off the track and slid into the dirt. Grinning to himself, Roddy then gripped Herbie's lever, downshifting to get some acceleration in as the Bug sat tight near the upper middle, sandwiched between a BMW M3 and a bright red Corvette sports coupe. They continued staying back on power as the race headed uphill, only to suddenly drop down through Laguna Seca's infamous Corkscrew. Sterling handled the blind, curving descent just fine, keeping up his lead as he let the car's computers do the driving for him. Herbie, meanwhile, handled the driving for Roddy, letting his driver learn the pedal movement and steering to smoothly exit the curve. Roddy picked up quickly on this as the race went into its second lap. Sterling grinned as he looked in his rearview, seeing nothing but sports cars behind him as the man led another lap through the tight left-hand hairpin and down the course. As the race went on and on towards the ten-lap limit, he turned on his radio and relaxed, treating the competition like a leisurely drive. The same couldn't be said for Roddy however, as he found himself boxed in by the other sports cars blocking his way. A Mercedes and BMW flanked his sides as a Jaguar held him at the front, the Bentley blocking him from behind. Roddy growled as he looked desperately for an opening, but Herbie had his own plans. As they went around the fourth corner again, Herbie purposefully let himself oversteer and began to spin. Roddy screamed again as he gripped the wheel, keeping his feet off the pedals as Herbie used his momentum to lift himself up on his left wheels, rounding the curve on two wheels and getting on the Jaguar's outside. His right side then came down as they accelerated into the fifth turn and headed uphill, leaving the pack behind and the other driver's stunned. Roddy managed to catch his breath by the sixth turn and expertly navigated Herbie down the corkscrew, adding with a hint of desperation in his voice, \"Please tell me when you're going to do that next time!\" By the last couple laps, Sterling was far ahead and getting bored of winning. Braking gently, he coasted softly around the hairpin and took a leisurely drive on the straights. He knew that he'd win eventually, so why not call the race now? That was, of course, until he saw Herbie suddenly powersliding into view, tires squealing as the bug was now coming after his GTR. Suddenly choking on his own saliva, Sterling coughed as he shifted the sports car into a higher gear, flames spitting out of the tailpipe as the sports car lurched forward, accelerating away from Herbie. Roddy raised an eyebrow and held out his hand, catching Herbie's shifter in it as the bug moved his gear lever back and downshifting again for a burst of power. Sterling growled as he braked on the approach to the corkscrew, taking the turn as carefully as he could while Herbie zoomed nimbly down, giving control to Roddy. The younger driver grinned and adjusted his glasses slightly as Herbie caught up on the last couple curves, now right behind Sterling as they streaked past the pits. Lewis, Wilson and Jackson cheered as Herbie was now putting the pressure on Sterling, the latter in rage as the Bug stayed on his rear, suddenly throwing his concentration off as he braked late on the hairpin and slid outside, letting Herbie overtake on the inside as he fought for traction. The race was now down to its final lap as Herbie shot ahead, Roddy not letting up one bit as he bit every apex and took advantage of every straight he had to get some distance on Sterling. The GTR was now growling as loud as his driver, pushed to the very limit as he squealed and slid loudly at every corner. As he did though, Sterling could swear he felt a slight pain in his neck but ignored it as he chased Herbie uphill. The closer and closer the GTR got, the more tantalizingly close Sterling felt to victory as his car nearly clipped Herbie's rear bumper. However, as Sterling tried to take Herbie on the outside going down the Corkscrew, the immense torque generated by the GTR's drive system suddenly kicked in, throwing Sterling into the driver's window and spraining his neck. As he screamed in blind pain and rage, Sterling lost control of his car and ran into the sand below the hill, the car managing to stop mere inches from the retaining wall in a big cloud of dust. Herbie, meanwhile, sped on ahead to win his heat, earning cheers from all watching as Morrison stood by, smiling proudly. When Herbie got back to the pits, Morrison was waiting to greet him as the other racers cruised by, shouting congratulations to Herbie as Lewis was getting ready for his own heat. \"Nice job out there, Gomez!\" Morrison grinned, shaking Roddy's hand graciously, \"I knew your little car would provide a good show for my crowd!\" \"Think nothing of it, Mr. Brandt!\" Roddy beamed as he was suddenly hugged by Wilson, screaming, \"GAH! Let me go, you madman!\" \"Never!\" Wilson grinned as he then set Roddy down, shaking Morrison's hand as well, adding, \"Pleasure to meet you, Mr. Brandt! I'm a fan of your franchise!.\" \"Ah, you must be Wilson Radinsky!\" Morrison beamed, shaking his hand back before he asked, \"1976 SCCA Champion?\" \"1975, '76, and '77!\" Wilson grinned, \"My son's taking my car out for a spin!\" \"Wonderful!\" Morrison grinned as he led Wilson off to have a conversation. Jackson managed to pass by them after helping helping Lewis line up the Elan for the next heat. When the cars all revved away to start their race, Jackson saw Roddy climbing into Herbie and laying in his backseat to rest. The afro-bobbed male walked over and knocked on the Bug's rear passenger side window, causing Roddy to look up at him. \"Comfy?\" Jackson asked, leaning on Herbie casually. \"Uh-huh.\" Roddy nodded as he slipped his glasses off and closed his eyes. \"What happened to Sterling back there?\" Jackson asked further, \"I didn't see him cross the line.\" \"I dunno either.\" Roddy responded softly, \"Last I saw, he lost control of his car coming out of the Corkscrew. I guess he never recovered.\" Jackson nodded as he went to go watch the race, letting Roddy nap in peace as Herbie took the opportunity to relax as well. As far as they knew, might as well bask in victory with Sterling seemingly out of the picture. The rest of the day went on quite uneventfully, but still quite exciting. Sterling and his cohorts had all left and Haruka rejoined the crew to watch Herbie's second race, this time coming in second behind a white, boxy,and quite tiny Austin Cooper S in the classic car heat. Try as they denied it, Roddy and Herbie only wanted to look humble by making the smaller car win, which caused Morrison a lot of amusement. Lewis managed to get some good runs out as well, winning two heats in the little Elan and coming in third on an all-Lotus race with modern,sleek sports cars and old, almost coffin-shaped Formula one cars. All in all, the crew decided that today was a great race day, and Morrison personally bid them farewell as they departed the track, Herbie giving the businessman a happy beep when they passed under the gate. As the four retired to their hotel in Monterey tonight, Haruka and Lewis took the time to walk on the boardwalk and take in the warm ocean air that night. Out in silence, they stood at the end, looking out in the vast and endless ocean while the wind whipped through their hair. Haruka then looked to Lewis and gently nudged him. Shaken from his blank stare, Lewis looked down at her suddenly, wondering what was wrong. \"Thank you…\" Haruka said quietly, a big smile across her face. \"Oh…\" Lewis said, taken by surprise but offering her a smile back, saying, \"You're welcome. \"It felt good to stand up to him like that.\" She continued as she looked out to the horizon, \"I don't know what got into his head; thinking that because his dad is in business with my dad, that gave him the right to date me.\" \"Was he horrible?\" Lewis asked further, \"You don't have to answer if it's too hard.\" \"He was…\" Haruka sighed, looking down at the water now and letting her head hang. A moment of silence passed before she continued, \"He was awful… I don't know what got into him, but… he was manipulative, possessive…\" She sighed again, looking up at Lewis and finishing, \"I'm just happy to be rid of him.\" \"You think he'll come back for you?\" Lewis asked, gently holding her hand. \"I don't doubt it one bit,\" Haruka said, looking at his hand before she looked as his face, \"but consider my bruised face as a breakup.\" Lewis tsked before leaning in, gently kissing Haruka on her bruised cheek, causing the girl to coo gently and lean into him. There the two stood for a while, in each other's arms as they listened to the gentle ocean breeze encircle them. To Lewis, he felt whole; to Haruka, she felt free. Meanwhile at the local hospital, Sterling was being let loose after doctors determined all he had suffered from was a minor neck spasm. When he reached the waiting room, he found his father waiting for him. Morrison quickly got up as he saw Sterling walk out and quickly approached him, giving his son a tight, caring hug. \"Are you ok, my son?\" He asked, sounding quite relieved. Sterling grunted as he feigned pain, emitting a loud groan. \"My neck, dad, my neck!\" Sterling grumbled, to which Morrison let go quickly and regained composure. \"My apologies,\" He said, patting his son on the shoulder. \"Sure, dad.\" Sterling nodded emotionlessly, heading for the exit and taking his phone out, adding, \"What did you think of my performance today?\" \"I thought it was just wonderful, son.\" Morrison responded cheerfully as he followed, \"But I'm really impressed in inviting that nice Gomez kid out here. He really did provide good entertainment for us today.\" Upon hearing this, Sterling stopped in his tracks and turned around, looking as his dad with an odd expression. \"...You what?\" He asked, already knowing that his dad invited Roddy, but wanting more information out of him. \"Well of course!\" Morrison exclaimed as he let Sterling into his car, an important-looking black Mercedes Benz S-Class saloon, \"I saw his interesting car and knew something was in there that could provide a good show for my races.\" \"I see…\" Sterling commented, intrigued as he asked, \"And do you know what that 'something' was?\" \"Huh, let's see…\" Morrison replied as he stopped in his tracks, tapping his chin before saying, \"I guess, its determination and unorthodoxy. I mean, it looked pretty unique to me, that's for sure, and it handles like nothing I've ever seen. I guess I can't explain it.\" Sterling frowned as he walked to his dad's car and opened the door. \"Useless old man,\" he thought to himself as he strapped himself in, wondering just how to pay Roddy back for embarrassing himself today. As Morrison drove them to the hotel, Sterling began to formulate ideas. He then whipped out his phone and began to text his friends. Some business needed to be done before the races tomorrow, and he was going to be at the very head.[Chapter 11] The weekend soon wound down at Laguna Seca Raceway as Roddy and Lewis participated in another day filled with heart-pounding. Sterling and his cohorts, to their relief, didn't bother to show up at all as Herbie and the Elan raced hard along the curvaceous track. Once or twice, they even went up against each other in the classic car bouts, with Lewis and Roddy looking at each other menacingly before they both laughed and braked to allow the other to take a victory each. To them, winning meant nothing as friends; as far as they were concerned, Roddy and Lewis only started racing for the fun of it. As they crested around the last turn on Laguna Seca and crossed the line with Herbie barely winning by his bumper, the two pulled into the pits and were greeted by Jackson, Haruka, and Wilson. Morrison Brandt was standing next to Wilson, grinning from ear to ear as Herbie came to a stop in front of him. \"Wonderful racing out there, boys!\" Morrison beamed, patting Roddy and Lewis on the shoulder as they stepped out of their cars, \" \"Thanks, Mr. Brandt!\" Lewis beamed, walking up to Haruka and giving her a hug. \"What happened to Sterling though?\" Roddy wondered, leaning on Herbie's open door. \"Oh, he had to go to the hospital.\" Morrison replied as he sighed, \"His neck muscles spasmed when he went down the Corkscrew. Pain left him completely paralyzed from what I saw, but temporarily, of course.\" Everyone cringed when they heard what happened to Sterling, but nobody apart from Morrison held any sympathy from the smug individual. \"Well.\" Wilson said, patting the Elan's hood, \"I think it's time we'd be heading home. I have a garage to run, and lord knows Roddy's got some deliveries that need delivering.\" \"Oh crap!\" Roddy screamed, his eyes popping open in surprise, \"I completely forgot! I need to run off and call my mom!\" He then ran off in the direction of the concession stand, as Haruka chuckled softly. \"He still a mama's boy?\" She said, crossing her arms and looking up at Lewis. \"Well,\" Lewis said, scratching the back of his neck, \"She does worry a lot about him.\" Roddy then immediately came running back, panting as he leaned on Herbie tiredly. \"You guys mind… if I jet early…?\" Roddy panted, gasping to catch his breath as Lewis and Wilson both looked at each other, \"Mom needs me back to run more deliveries.\" \"Sure.\" Wilson said, \"We can clean up around here since we got… Lewis' new girlfriend?\" He then looked at his son incredulously, mouth gaping as he asked, \"When did you get a girlfriend?\" \"I'll, uh…\" Lewis stuttered, blushing in embarrassment, \"I'll tell you on the drive home.\" Roddy then said his goodbyes to his friends and Morrison, shaking his hand as the businessman promised Roddy that he would be welcome in his own establishment with Herbie. Roddy agreed and soon drove off in Herbie, stopping by the hotel to grab his stuff and toss it into the Beetle's backseat. He then merged onto the Interstate Five freeway, settling in for a long drive as he shifted Herbie into high gear and leaned back in his seat, the bug driving along the softly-curving freeway rather perfectly as classic rock played on his old radio. Roddy sighed, taking the time to reflect upon the past couple days. So far, he had lost a car, gotten a new one, made a rival, and got to race at Laguna Seca and win some races. It all felt so fast to the bespectacled man, adjusting his glasses as Herbie was driving through Bakersfield at a decent clip. Roddy's thoughts then turned to Sterling Brandt. The male couldn't find himself hating on the individual anymore, at least off the track. In a way, it was thanks to him that Herbie ended up in his possession in the first place. In fact, even racing him at Laguna Seca bought Roddy no real sense of superiority or smugness. He merely felt that he had fun and got to share it with people he liked, including Herbie. The little car wasn't so dumb himself, sensing Roddy's need to have fun overwhelming his need to win. To Herbie, his owner's enjoyment came first and whatever happened, he would be there to help Roddy in any way he knew how, even if it came down to helping him drive out on the track. The two racers were lost in their own thoughts as Herbie soon re-entered Pasadena, stopping at Roddy's parent's place by the time the sun went down. When Roddy knocked on the door to the apartment, his mom was quick to respond and happily engaged her son with what happened over the past couple days. After talking for a couple hours, the two kissed each other goodnight and headed up to bed. Roddy tried his best to sleep, but tried as he might, his mind was just too cluttered from past couple days to even try and relax. He sighed heavily and rubbed his own chest, his mind swimming in multiple random thoguhts before it was suddenly jolted out by his phone buzzing. Growling tiredly, Roddy turned onto his side and looked at his phone, then suddenly reeled back as the brightly-glowing screen struck his face. As his vision cleared, Roddy found that it was a text from Lewis, saying: \"3751 chase apparently tomorrow, wanna go?\" Roddy blinked and nodded to himself, texting back, \"Sure, I'll bring Herbie.\" \"Awesome,\" the reply read, \"We'll need a fast car. I texted Haruka and she said she couldn't come due to her ride breaking down. See ya at 10!\" \"See ya.\" Roddy texted back before he left his phone alone and rolled onto his other side, yawning heavily. It was a big day tomorrow, so he had to get all the sleep he could. When the sun eventually rose the next morning, Roddy was up at 6AM and was brushing his teeth to the sound of old racing commentaries playing on his smartphone. His parents were up an hour later and were preparing the restaurant to open for breakfast, while Roddy was in the back preparing lunches for the day's excursion. As he worked, however, he could hear the apartment's doorbell go off. His father was quick to answer as he came downstairs in his business suit, opening the door and looking outside. Indistinct conversation soon followed as Roddy packed the food into styrofoam boxes for later, but was then interrupted checking in the fridge by his dad. \"Rodrigo,\" He said, \"There's someone at the door for you.\" \"You know who it was?\" Roddy replied, pulling a package of sausages out of the fridge. \"Some of your friends, probably.\" His dad said, \"Go see to him, I have to go to work.\" \"Alright dad, I love you!\" Roddy called out as he ripped open the package and set the sausages to fry. Cleaning himself up a little, he had expected Lewis or Jackson to have shown up early to get some breakfast. However, those feelings of friendliness were soon dashed as he saw Sterling Brandt standing politely in his doorway, an uncharacteristically warm smile on his face. \"Good morning.\" He said, flashing a friendly grin. \"Sorry, the other rats are busy at the moment!\" Roddy suddenly shouted as he pushed Sterling out the door and slammed it on him. Sterling stumbled back and huffed, breaking character for a moment before he regained his smile and knocked again. \"I'd just like to talk to you for a bit!\" He said, causing Roddy to look through the peephole. \"And why'd you want to do that after you've insulted me and my car?\" Roddy responded. His mother then peeked in to see what was happening, but Roddy shooed her off and said he had it under control. \"Because, ever since Laguna Seca,\" said Sterling, \"I've been a changed man. I don't desire to harm you or your little car anymore. I'd just want to talk a little bit.\" Roddy thought for a moment and nodded, opening the door and waving goodbye to his better judgement. Sterling immediately walked inside and shook his hand tightly. \"We can talk in the dining room, it's empty right now.\" Roddy said, gesturing to the restaurant, \"Would you like something to drink?\" \"A water, please.\" Sterling replied graciously as he entered the restaurant and sat down at the countertop. He then laid a folder out on the counter as Roddy appeared on the other side with two glasses of ice water. Sterling held his up and drank, while Roddy looked at him skeptically. \"So,\" Roddy said, tapping his right index finger upon his chilly glass, \"Why're you here?\" \"To offer you a proposition.\" Sterling said, opening the folder in front of them. Inside was a poster for an upcoming road race in Laguna Seca, unsponsored other than by Sterling's company. What caught Roddy's eye, however, was the fact that the poster read, at the top: \"By Invite Only.\" \"You came to propose another race?\" Roddy asked, \"I thought the last time we did, we almost broke your neck.\" \"Oh, this one is different.\" Sterling beamed, his finger tapping his lap agitatedly under the counter, \"Whoever wins this race not only gets bragging rights, but a cash prize of $10,000 in physical form, and a chance to join my racing crew.\" \"Uh-huh…\" Roddy muttered, looking at the poster carefully, \"And you're inviting me, why?\" \"Why,\" Sterling grinned unnaturally, but Roddy wasn't looking at him, \"I saw your performance out there at Laguna Seca before I crashed. You really are a determined little individual, aren't you?\" \"Well…\" Roddy looked to the side, nodding humbly, \"I try my best out there, you know?\" \"Of course, of course!\" Sterling said, holding his smile, \"And I feel with the right equipment, you can definitely go professional too!\" \"Really now?\" Roddy said, blinking as he looked at Sterling, \"No joke?\" \"Absolutely not, my friend.\" The other male beamed, offering the poster towards Roddy, \"If you show up to Angeles Crest and beat me in one race up the mountain, I'll not only offer you a spot on my team and the $10,000, but also a new car and a starting position at the Libre Open at Las Vegas Motor Speedway, representing me.\" \"That…\" Roddy started, thinking about the ramifications of this decision. If he accepted, he'd get money, a new car, and a professional racing gig. His dreams were finally coming true, but then his eyes drifted over to Herbie. The little car sat innocently outside, with Sterling's black Mercedes sedan in front of him. Roddy thought of Wilson, Lewis, and Jackson as well, and how they would feel if he were to suddenly leave. \"Turn pro, or stick with the same thing?\" He then thought to himself, looking from Herbie to Sterling. After a few minutes of thinking, Sterling broke the silence. \"If you did show up, you'll be able to show off all your cool racing moves on us as well.\" He said, grinning, \"I mean, winning a race backwards? How crazy's that, you know?\" \"I guess it is pretty showy…\" Roddy surmised, tapping his chin as he looked at the clock, \"Come to think of it, yeah. I'll definitely show up just this once. If I lose, you leave me alone, but if I win, I get a new Subaru WRX. And you leave me alone.\" \"Of course, of course!\" Sterling smiled, taking the poster with him as he shook Roddy's hand, \"I'll be sure to do all of that, you have my word!\" \"So this Friday, 8PM?\" Roddy called as he followed Sterling to the door. \"Absolutely!\" Sterling beamed, \"You won't be disappointed.\" \"Yeah, alright.\" Roddy said as he closed the door, \"See you then.\" Sterling kept up his smile until he saw the door shut, instantly frowning as he eyed Herbie with an immense amount of contempt. Making sure Roddy couldn't see him, Sterling then opened Herbie's front trunklid and hefted the piece of metal upwards. Inside Herbie's trunk was merely his spare tire and a rim-and-hubcap set in the middle which was filled with useful roadside tools. He then grumbled as Sterling took out a small device from his coat pocket and pressed a button on it. The device then began quietly beeping, emitting a faint green light as Sterling stuck it to the underside of Herbie's hood. Finding his work satisfactory, Sterling then shut the hood down as hard as he could, slamming it down on Herbie as the little car shuddered and rolled backwards slightly. Grinning, Sterling then returned to his car, pulling out his phone to make a call. \"It's time,\" He said ominously as he sat in the backseat, his chauffeur climbing into the driver's seat and starting off. \"Ok, boss!\" Dirk replied on the other line, \"I'll tell Nova.\" He then hung up and walked through the crowded beach parking lot. Arriving at the other end, he found a wiry-looking man surrounded by most of Sterling's cohorts. He was dressed in a leather vest and not much else to show off his thin, pale body. His head shaved perfectly bald as well with his goggles atop his forehead and torn black denim jeans down his legs, ending in thick, black-leather Doc Marten boots. Nova, as nobody knew his real name, looked more like a steampunk punk if anything, with an insane grin always on his angular, almost alien face to show off his rotten teeth. Sterling had Nova join his club under the admiration of his wild and crazy driving style, which suited the driver every time he had to compete in rally car racing, as well as muscling Sterling's cohorts and other rivals whenever they threatened to step out of line. As Dirk approached Nova cautiously, he found the man sitting on his prized Ford Crown Victoria, nicknamed \"The Interceptor\". The former police sedan was decorated in a wild array of blues, yellows and reds that looked more like a psychopathic hippie van, with red blood splatters forming the hot-rod flames down the side fading into a blue-striped dirty yellow that seemed to show centuries of ill repair by its owner. The engine hood had a large rectangular hole cut out to make room for a giant air intake that stuck out of the car like a ridiculous chrome garden statue, three holes at the top serving as the car's nostrils to feed its ravenous V8, American built engine. The traditional police bullbar was still at the front, but was now festooned with welded spikes and sharp pieces of jagged metal, meant to intimidate and even damage any opponent who got in Nova's way, resembling the jagged teeth of a wild animal. Atop the roof, in place of a siren, was a massive five-chime train horn that could echo for miles around if blown, and could scare the living daylights out of anyone the horn aimed at. Finally, the Crown Victoria sported a massive, spiked wing at the back, meant more for show than anything functional, and sat on thick offroad wheels that lifted the car a full foot off the ground. Dirk was afraid to approach the mad vehicle, lest it come alive and suddenly gobble him up as tribute. As Nova was regaling the crowd of his exploits in the Outback, he suddenly stopped and looked to Dirk menacingly with his shining silver eyes. \"N-Nova!\" Dirk stammered, nervously shaking, \"I-it's the boss!\" \"Yes, yes,\" Nova replied in a smooth Australian accent, waving his gloved hand dismissively, \"What's ol' Silverface want now?\" \"It's time, he said.\" Dirk said, quickly running up to Nova and handing him a smartphone before backing away quickly, \"They're heading out.\" Nova grinned, turning on the phone to find a GPS tracking application already on it, showing Herbie's current location at the Mission St. garage. \"Perfect…\" Nova purred, standing atop the roof of his vehicle with his boot on the horn to address the crowd, \"Let's ride hard and make Sterling proud! Are you with me!?\" A chorus of cheers and hollers greeted Nova as he pumped his fist into the air, swinging down and through the window of his Crown Victoria as he started up his engine. The Interceptor's engine whirred into life, then roared as flames blasted out of its exhaust pipe, nearly setting one innocent cohort on fire. The group quickly disbanded as Nova's animalistic car roared ahead, its driver putting on his goggles as Red followed suit in his smaller Honda S2000. Dirk then attempted to follow in his orange Mustang coupe, but found himself losing control as the sports car roared up the parking ramp and instantly went sideways, almost hitting a woman walking her dog. Dirk quickly regained control of his car and drove off, following the group as they sped off in pursuit of Herbie. Nova grinned, flexing his fingerless-gloved hands on the wheel. It had been a while since his Interceptor had taken a good bite out of a car, and now both he and his ride were absolutely starving.[Chapter 12] Back at Mission St., Herbie and Pegasus were both being fitted with outside cameras for train shooting. Lewis, being a big train buff as well as a car geek, had heard of a steam locomotive excursion heading up Soledad Canyon to Palmdale, and was determined to get good pacing shots of the train as it went through the scenic valley. Roddy and Jackson came along as well, with Jackson manning a computer that connected to the cameras on Pegasus and Herbie, while Roddy, obviously, traveled in Herbie and carried everyone's lunches. At 10AM, the group left Mission Street and headed north on the 210 freeway, going up into the Angeles Mountains. After exchanging with the Interstate Five and California Fourteen freeways, the two cars now found themselves on Soledad Canyon road heading East. The road soon got curvier as the two climbed at speed to meet the train at a crossing, if necessary. Herbie stayed behind Pegasus, enjoying the lush greenery surrounding the curvy mountain road as Lewis and Jackson watched the line below them for a sign of the train. Suddenly, a loud whistle was heard as the train did come into view, a big, stocky, and black steam locomotive leading a diesel locomotive and a line of passenger coaches from many different railroads. The steam locomotive featured the letters \"A.T.S.F\" on its boxy oil tender, with \"3751\" written underneath, sporting four small front wheels, eight large driving wheels that pounded the rails, and four smaller wheels in the back that supported the crew cab and rear of the immense boiler. Grey-white smoke poured out of its howling smokestack as the train made its way uphill, making Lewis squeal with delight as he excitedly pointed. \"It's there, it's there!\" He shouted, pointing for Jackson's sake. \"Yes, yes.\" Jackson replied, concentrating on his laptop, \"I can see it onscreen.\" He then froze as Lewis picked up one of the walkie-talkies they packed and called to Roddy. \"Roddy!\" He shouted into the radio, \"Can you see it?!\" \"I can see it just fine!\" Roddy said, letting go of Herbie's wheel to watch the train as the Bug followed Pegasus at an even pace. As they crossed a large bridge spanning the canyon to get closer to the train, however, Jackson tugged on Lewis's sleeve. The angular-faced man looked over at his screen, then paled as he looked back through Roddy's windows to see an ominous sight. There was Nova's Interceptor, engine roaring as it shot over the bridge, and coming up to get them. Its driver licked its thin lips menacingly, breaking into a grin as the heavily-modified sedan caught up to the group and was about to ram Herbie. Herbie beeped in alarm as Roddy's focus shifted from the train by them, seeing Nova right on his tail and dropping his camera in shock.. \"Oh, crap!\" Roddy screamed as Herbie suddenly accelerated, forcing Lewis to accelerate as well as the two were chased by the madman. Sterling's cronies followed close behind as the road offered them no way out, being cut deep into the mountainside and offering little to no room for evasions. The nightmarish sound of the Interceptor's train horn echoed through the canyon, nearly deafening the two drivers in front of him as Lewis and Roddy both tried to get away. Nova grinned as his Interceptor got close to Herbie, its spikes nipping at the Beetle's rear bumper. Herbie whimpered as he felt the spikes touching him ever so slightly, and instantly booked it into the other lane, leaving Roddy screaming as he held on for dear life as Herbie passed Pegasus and shot ahead. Nova grinned in response, mashing his boot down to the floor as the Interceptor shot past Pegasus, flames roaring out of the back as the glorified war wagon went after the little bug. Dirk and Red, meanwhile, stayed on Lewis' tail, getting close to the wagon and pushing its driver to go just a little bit faster on harrowing road. Lewis, however, would have none of it and immediately switched his foot to the brakes. \"Hang onto something!\" He shouted to Jackson as he suddenly stomped the brakes hard, forcing Red to swerve blindly and spin out in front of him, nearly meeting his end on the rocky wall above him. Dirk swerved as well, losing control of his Mustang and suddenly smashing its front into another rocky outcropping. The muscle car hit the outcropping at such full force that Dirk ended up flipping onto his roof, thankfully escaping injury as Pegasus immediately flew by after Herbie and Nova. A red and black streak soon followed after, zipping past Lewis and Jackson as flames popped out of the Hayabusa's exhaust. \"It's the rider from Kanan Dume!\" Jackson screamed, pointed as they passed Pegasus. \"I know!\" Lewis screamed back, mashing his foot down on Pegasus' pedal and going a little faster, \"We gotta save Roddy!\" Meanwhile, far up ahead, Herbie and the Interceptor zipped through cars and in-between lanes, the little Beetle trying to escape the menacing beast coming after them with gusto. This was what Nova lived for, the thrill of the chase before he inevitably pushed his victims, and their cars, into a nasty accident. Herbie quickly whipped down Crown Valley road, powersliding right and barely avoiding an old woman in a little hatchback. Nova then rumbled through, the Interceptor kicking up dust as it shot right through the intersection and went on the dirt slightly. The Rider was not far behind, zipping down after them and catching up the Interceptor. Roddy was meanwhile panicking as Herbie weaved in and out of the curvy road, the train not too far behind as it crossed a railroad bridge right above them. Nova grinned again, showing off his teeth as he got closer to Herbie again, the bull-bar's spikes nipping and poking at the little car's rear. \"GET THE HELL AWAY!\" Roddy screamed as he looked back at the menacing car, his chest pounding as his hands kneaded and gripped Herbie's seat tightly. The Bug then ran parallel to the tracks, getting a crazy idea. With a warning honk from Herbie, Roddy quickly braced himself again as Herbie swerved and skidded onto the dirt, nearly jumping as the little car mounted the tracks and began rolling on them at high speed. \"Oh, so you're gonna play trains, yeah?\" Nova growled hungrily, swerving after Herbie and narrowly missing a minivan as the Crown Victoria slammed onto the tracks, kicking up bits of gravel as the car bounced and shuddered on the rough railroad ties. 3751, meanwhile, saw this and her driver blew the whistle several times, the massive locomotive rushing up behind them as the strong black woman peeked the side of the cab, one hand on the brake lever as she blew the whistle again. \"Get off the damn tracks, maniacs!\" She yelled out, \"I got your plates!\" Roddy and Nova never heard her as Herbie used the long straight to zip ahead of Nova, who was beginning to tire of bumping around. Getting off the tracks with a violent jolt, the Interceptor revved ahead until it was level with Herbie. Nova was waiting for the right time to strike, being able to jump and hit the car broadside and cause its drive immeasurable pain. As he was watching and calculating, though, the Rider was coming up beside him. Up ahead, they could see a series of perfect intersections up ahead where they could lose Nova and force him into the dirt. Grinning to themselves, they then came up with the craziest idea ever: taunting Nova. \"Hey, baka !\" They yelled over the noise of Nova's engine. Nova saw the rider out of the corner of his eyes and decided to look, finding only a stupid motorcyclist right beside him. This would be fun. \"What do you want!?\" He yelled back, \"Can't you see I'm busy here!?\" \"I know!\" They yelled through their helmet, \"I just wanted to say your car's a piece of crap, dude!\" Nova fumed suddenly, nobody was going to taunt his Interceptor and get away with it. \"...You're effing dead!\" Nova roared as his attention was soon off Herbie, allowing the Beetle to slip away as he attempted to ram the smaller red-black sportbike. The Hayabusa was nimbler than the large car, though, and easily avoided Nova as they crested around a gentle left turn. Nova still wasn't done, imagining the Rider impaled on his front as he pushed forward forcefully. The Rider, again, saw this coming and swerved the other way, braking to get behind Nova's car as they reeled back and suddenly punched his car with their reinforced gloves, smashing its taillight. The sound of breaking plastic alerted Nova to their position and he braked hard suddenly, which led the Rider to, again, swerve out of the way and shoot ahead. Nova growled even more as he went after the Rider, who drew up alongside and turned to him again. \"I bet you can't go as fast as me!\" They yelled, before zipping ahead down the desert road. \"I can and I will!\" Nova growled as he shot ahead too, the V8 whining in protest as the car hefted itself along after the faster Rider. Herbie meanwhile took the opportunity to get of the tracks and up onto Soledad Canyon Road, still following the train for protection as he and Roddy watched Nova chase off with the Rider in pursuit. Roddy breathed a sigh of relief and leaned back on Herbie as the little car kept up with the steam locomotive, its fireman waving a gloved fist at them in anger as the train drew ahead. Roddy could only offer a quiet \"Sorry\" in reply as Herbie then let the locomotive draw forward and away from them. Then, just behind Herbie, Roddy saw Lewis and Jackson coming up behind them, Pegasus' tires squealing hard as it navigated the tight mountain curves as Lewis suddenly crackled onto the radio. \"Are you ok?!\" He shouted over the locomotive's exhaust and Pegasus' own rumbling engine. \"I'm… ok!\" Roddy replied, catching his breath, \"Are there any more?\" \"Not that we saw!\" Jackson replied, \"Who even was that!?\" \"I have no idea!\" Roddy called out, \"But thank that motorcyclist for saving my damn life!\" Up ahead, the Rider was fastly approaching a railroad crossing on their left and a dirt clearing on the right. Looking behind themselves to find Nova still accelerating and coming up to meet them, they then tapped the Hayabusa's brake and swung their foot out, going into a drift onto the dirt as the back wheel still spun, kicking up dust to hide their position. Nova growled as he just punched straight ahead, suddenly losing control of the car as the Interceptor hit the dirt and began to slide. The car bounced suddenly on the dry riverbed, unable to stop as itrs rear swung around too much to the right and headed right for a telephone pole. Nova screamed and braced as the car wrapped itself violently around the pole, making it fall as the skinny man found himself in a cloud of dust and amongst the wreckage of his Interceptor. Slowly getting up, Nova found himself seemingly unhurt as the Hayabusa suddenly ran between the gates just as the big steam locomotive came screaming through, whistle and bell drowning his screams of vengeance. \"Damn cars…\" 3751's driver grumbled as she led the locomotive through the crossing, \"Always getting in a train's way. I oughta phone the cops on those two, they'll get what's coming to them. Oughta stop gettin' high too...\" Meanwhile, the Rider joined Herbie and Pegasus, escorting the two cars alongside the train until they stopped at the Vincent Grade/Acton station up ahead. The two cars quickly found a parking space as the steam locomotive thundered past quickly, continuing on its way to Palmdale with its excursion train. The Hayabusa sportbike soon stopped in front of them as well, all three drivers dismounting or exiting their rides and panting hard in exhaustion. Herbie felt tired too, wiggling his rear as if still feeling the spikes up against his bumper. Roddy laid his upper body out on Herbie's hood before looking up, coming into eye contact with the rider. \"My hero…\" He mumbled dizzily, pointing weakly at them, \"Wh-who are you…?\" \"Yeah…\" Lewis wondered, walking up to the Rider until he was inches away from them, \"Why'd you come out here to try and save us?\" \"Because, baka ,\" The rider said as she suddenly took off her helmet and shook her shoulder length brown hair off of her face, \"I love you!\" \"H-HARUKA!?\" Lewis screamed, reeling back and suddenly falling flat on his behind. Roddy and Jackson were in shock too, seeing as Haruka was dressed in a red-black coat and pants that matched her bike's red and black colors. They never suspected her of being the Rider in the first place; even Herbie was shocked as well. \"Wait, wait!\" Jackson suddenly cried, \"So you were the one Roddy raced on Kanan Dume road?!\" \"Uhh… yes?\" Haruka nervously replied, running one gloved hand through her smooth hair as she turned to Roddy, \"I saw what you did when you raced Sterling, it excited me a lot. So, I followed you three out to Lily's and then chased you up the mountain. Your rail-slide move was very ingenious, but…\" She then paused, walking up to Roddy and Herbie and leaning over them, asking, \"How did you do it?\" \"Uhh…\" It was Roddy's turn to stammer, still trying to collect his thoughts as Jackson helped Lewis off the floor, answering with, \"...good driving?\" \"Interesting…\" Haruka said before she turned to the shocked Lewis. Jackson was helping by fanning his shocked face as Lewis suddenly came forward and, before Haruka could say anything, hugged her tightly like she had never been hugged before. She could even feel the warmth and love radiating off the taller male as she hugged him back too, tears forming in her eyes. \"Y-you aren't mad at me for deceiving you,\" Haruka sniffled, burying her face in Lewis' shoulder, \"Are you…?\" \"What, no!\" Lewis said, continuing to hug her tightly, \"I love you, Haruka, and I find it awesome that you can bike like that!\" \"Yeah!\" Roddy piped up, \"Really impressed me and Herbie back on Kanan!\" \"Dude,\" Jackson then said, pointing at Haruka and her bike, \"You two are freaking amazing out there. \"Really..?\" Haruka sniffled again, drying her tears as she put her hand on Lewis' chest. \"Yes, love,\" Lewis grinned, not one of his usual manic grins, but one that displayed thankfulness and genuine glee as he continued to hug her, \"You'd be welcome with us. Seriously, you've got the mettle to go with us gearheads.\" \"Th-thanks.\" Haruka said, cracking a smile as Herbie suddenly played the Wedding March on his horn. She and Lewis both looked at the little car as Roddy tried to cover him up, before Haruka broke into a giggle and finished, saying, \"Shamo and I would be delighted to hang out with you… dudes.\" She then blushed, feeling awkward for saying that. \"Shamo?\" Jackson wondered, tilting his head as Haruka pointed a thumb to her Hayabusa. \"I call him that because he resembles a chicken I had with my family growing up,\" Haruka explained, \"He was very thin, red and black, and liked to nuzzle against my side when I'd play in our yard.\" \"Awww~!\" Lewis cooed as he hugged Haruka again, giving her a kiss on the cheek that made her giggle before returning the kiss on his lips. Lewis blushed suddenly, feeling Haruka's lips against his own, looking back at Jackson to make sure he wasn't dreaming. \"Oooh~!\" Jackson then cooed, feigning shock, \"Looks like someone's in love!\" \"Shut up, Evergreen!\" Lewis shouted as he broke the kiss, making Haruka giggle again as she leaned against his shoulder. Roddy, meanwhile, couldn't get one thought out of his head as he leaned on Herbie's side. \"Who sent those guys?\" He wondered out loud, which led the other three to look at him. \"I dunno…\" Jackson said as he scratched at his afro, \"But that red sports car and the orange Mustang looked oddly familiar.\" \"I bet.\" Lewis said, \"That red S2000's the same one that crashed into me at Jackrabbit Springs.\" \"So if we know who those two belong to,\" Roddy summed up, \"Then we know who's trying to take me out.\" \"It was Sterling.\" Haruka finally said, which caused the three men to instantly look at her. \"How do you know?\" Roddy then asked, growing increasingly suspicious of Sterling inviting him to race on his own. If he was going to show up Friday night, he would do it to pay Sterling out, not to race for fame and glory anymore. Haruka then told them everything, how she had found out the plan from a stray text sent to her by one of Sterling's cronies who still had her number. The more Haruka told her story, the more Roddy's mind clouded until one thought remained in his mind: Sterling Brandt had to pay with more than just money and a new car.[Chapter 13] Back at the garage after the incident with the Canyon, Roddy and Lewis were both surprised to find the tracking device lodged underneath Herbie's hood after inspecting the Beetle in a garage stall for any damage. Roddy stared hard at the device, feeling immeasurable amounts of anger building inside him as he grabbed the tracking device and threw it hard on the ground. He then stomped angrily onto it, growling as it was reduced to nothing but small plastic rubble with repeated stomping. Lewis, Haruka, and Jackson noted their friend's outburst and approached carefully as Roddy leaned over Herbie's front and seethed, audibly breathing through his clenched teeth. \"Roddy?\" Lewis asked, holding his hand out to him cautiously, \"Are you ok…?\" \"I'm fine.\" Roddy replied quickly, avoiding eye contact with Lewis and he quickly walked around to Herbie's door and forcefully opened it, getting inside. Herbie started up smoothly and quickly drove away out of the garage, leaving the trio alone and quiet as Wilson walked out of his office, looking at the three in surprise. \"What's got you three in shock?\" Wilson asked, then noticed Haruka as he said, \"Hi, Haruka.\" \"Hello, Mr. Radinsky.\" Haruka replied politely, holding Lewis' hand, \"Roddy had just sped off after learning my ex-boyfriend had put a tracking device on his car to attack him.\" \"Attack him?\" Wilson wondered, before saying to himself, \"Yeah, that sounds like something Sterling'd do on us. Anyway, you're with us now?\" \"Yes, sir.\" Haruka nodded, leaning on Lewis and making the lankier male cuddle her close, \"I feel happier here too.\" \"Perfect!\" Wilson smiled as he took her hand and politely kissed it, \"You're always welcome here at Mission Independent.\" \"What'll we do about Roddy though?\" Jackson wondered, \"We can't just let him out there on his own and possibly hurt himself.\" \"True…\" Wilson agreed, scratching at his stubbly chin, \"We'll give him time and then take him to dinner in the evening. Maybe the prospect of food'll cheer him right up.\" \"Or that cute waiter he saw at Lily's will.\" Lewis giggled, telling Haruka all about Roddy's encounter with \"Dent\" at the diner. \"Sounds dorky.\" She then giggled back. \"Alright.\" Jackson concluded, pointing to his Land Rover, \"I'm gonna go work on Forrest while we leave Roddy to his devices. We'll see him at 6PM?\" \"6PM sounds good.\" Wilson agreed, turning to Lewis and Haruka and saying, \"Alright with you two?\" \"Absolutely.\" Lewis nodded with Haruka and concluded, \"I'm sure Roddy'll be fine. He knows how to take care of himself. Roddy, meanwhile, was rocketing down the 10 Freeway at ninety miles an hour, making a beeline for the beach. Herbie groaned nervously as his driver roughly yanked the gear lever and stomped on his gas. The little car felt afraid of Roddy for once, trying to slow down but Roddy would just stomp on the gas harder, forcing Herbie to keep going dangerously fast. \"Stupid car…\" Roddy muttered to himself as he weaved in and out of traffic, \"Stupid Sterling and his accursed car his godawful 'friends'.\" He growled again, honking at a slow Jeep in front of him as he sped on ahead, yelling, \"Use your turn signals, you idiot!\" Returning to angrily muttering to himself, Roddy spend much of his angry car ride in silence as he reached the big beach city of Santa Monica. Herbie soon came to a screeching stop right on Santa Monica Pier and shuddered again a the strong ocean breeze as Roddy stepped out quickly and shut his door hard. \"Stay here.\" He said, \"I\"m going for a walk.\" As he walked away down the length of the pier, Herbie sighed and lowered on his suspension sadly. The bug really wanted to try cheering up his owner, but right now Roddy was stuck in a one-track mind and cared for nobody around him except for the one thing he did want to do. As Roddy walked down the pier, he felt his anger melt away into a depression as he suddenly got a text on his phone and quickly swiped it up in his hand. \"Dinner tonight at 6PM, wanna join in?\" read Lewis' text, accompanied by a smiling face at the end. Roddy sighed heavily and rolled his eyes, pocketing his phone again and continuing his contemplative walk. On one hand, he felt regretful of his callous reaction in just leaving Wilson's garage without saying anything and for accepting Sterling's offer to race as well given the recent revelations. On the other hand, Roddy didn't want to put his friends in danger anymore. The last thing he desired to see was his friends to get hurt like he did, so keeping them in the dark seemed like the best option. It would be a cruel kindness, he thought, but with them out of the picture, Roddy would only have himself to blame. He stopped at the end of the pier and looked out towards the ocean. There were storm clouds brewing in the distance, the roll of thunder echoing through the sky. Roddy sighed as he leaned on the pier's wooden railing. \"Here we go…\" He muttered to himself, his moptop whipping around in the strong wind, \"Here comes the storm.\" Sterling, meanwhile, was exasperated as he pinched the bridge of his nose. He was sitting in his garage's office, sighing heavily as he opened his eyes to see a bruised and scarred Nova sitting in front of him. The bald, corpse-like man was still feeling the effects of his crash, his right hand in a cast and his left eye bruised. His animalistic grin was now gone as well, replaced only by a shameful pout as several tense minutes went by without Sterling even verbally acknowledging his presence. Finally, the garage's owner leaned forward as Sterling tented his fingers together, giving Nova his usual hard stare. This made Nova shift in his chair, cracking a desperate grin. \"So, uh…\" He said, visibly sweating as Sterling's steel-blue eyes pierced right through him. Nova was now feeling true fear for the first time, as now he was in the firing line of Sterling's rage. \"Yes…\" Sterling said, continuing the awkward silence. \"I, uh…\" Nova started, trying to lighten the situation, \"I l-lost the car…\" \"I know.\" His boss replied bluntly, causing Nova to cringe. \"Y-you aren't mad…?\" The bald man asked, hoping to get off scot-free for his troubles. Sterling, however, didn't look like the merciful type as he suddenly stood up. Nova felt his heart beating in his thin, bony chest. \"No.\" Sterling said as he walked slowly towards Nova and leaned over him, one hand on the table, \"I'm not mad.\" \"Oh, that's good!\" Nova sighed, smiling, \"for a moment there, I thought you actually were!\" \"No, no!\" Sterling said, smiling as he waved his hand, \"What good would being angry be!?\" \"I know, right mate?\" Nova chortled, joining in the laugh before Sterling suddenly slammed his fist down on the table with the force of a sledgehammer. \"I'M ABSOLUTELY FURIOUS IS WHAT I AM!\" He suddenly yelled, almost blasting the smile off Nova's face. Sterling's nostrils flared on his thin nose as his cheeks flushed red and a vein throbbed on the side of his head. Nova squeaked nervously and slouched in his seat as Sterling continued, screaming, \"You had one bloody job in taking out a stupid little car and you couldn't even do that!? Why!? Why couldn't you take out one stupid little annoying Volkswagen Beetle and its stupid driver once and for all?!\" \"It wasn't my fault!\" Nova screamed as he shielded his head from any attacks Sterling might make, tears in his eyes, \"It was that car driving onto the tracks, and then this biker chick came along and got on my nerves! I didn't mean it!\" As he began bawling, Sterling looked up suddenly. A biker chick? Who did have a motorcycle that he didn't know of already? \"A biker, you say?\" Sterling asked quieter as he kneeled at Nova's bawling side, poking the man to get his attention, \"What did it look like…?\" \"It w-was red…\" Nova blubbered inelegantly, sniffling as Sterling rolled his eyes and handed him a tissue, \"With a black underside!\" Sterling grinned as he heard it, kissing Nova on his bald head. \"You're a genius, Nova!\" He cried out, picking up the much older man and hugging him tightly around his slender, \"You're a genius! Thank you!\" \"Glad to be of s-service, s-sir…\" Nova said dizzily, tears still dripping from his eyes as Sterling suddenly dropped him onto the floor and ran out excitedly. Later on in the evening, Lewis, Haruka, Wilson, and Jackson were all waiting outside Lily's with Forrest and Haruka's sportbike, Shamo. Lewis and Haruka were watching the sun set over the Pacific Ocean as Wilson and Jackson checked their watches. Roddy should have been getting there by now, but he had yet to answer Lewis' text message. The two began to worry before a voice called out to them from the restaurant. Turning around, Jackson found it was the same green-haired waiter from before, still clad a classy black vest and green bowtie. \"Hey, is your party going to eat inside?\" He wondered, \"My boss doesn't like loiterers around here.\" \"Oh sure, we'll come in.\" Wilson nodded, whistling to Haruka and Lewis as the two soon came inside the restaurant, with Wilson adding, \"Five, please.\" \"Will your fifth be arriving soon?\" The waiter asked, placing them in a booth facing the road. \"Of course!\" Lewis beamed, remembering Roddy's reaction upon seeing the waiter for the first time, \"And, well, he actually told me to tell you that he... Has a thing for you.\" \"Oh?\" The waiter smirked, hand on one hip as he said, \"Well, tell him that I'm available on weekends, I'm always looking for some good company.\" The waiter then wrote his number on his notepad and handed it to Lewis, winking to him as the vested male then took their drink orders. The evening went by in relative conversation, with the waiter hanging around a number of times to share in some of the information being shared. He revealed his name was Cilian Dent, but he often went by the unflattering name \"celery-head\" on account of his green-dyed hair. Food came and went, but still Roddy didn't show up as the sky darkened and the meal was finished. \"Where could he have gone?\" Lewis wondered, looking at Cilian's phone number in his hand, \"It's not like him to be angry for this long.\" \"Maybe try calling him?\" Wilson suggested as he paid the check, reaching his arm around Jackson as the afro'd male was busy downing his seventh breakfast burrito. \"I'll try that…\" Lewis nodded as he called up Roddy's number, making sure to text him Cilian's number first as they all got up and exited the restaurant. Back at the apartment, Roddy's phone buzzed high above on his bed, but Roddy himself was not in. Instead, he was at the back, measuring Herbie's tire pressure and checking his fluids and throttle response to see if everything was in tip-top shape. Roddy was not putting anything to chance or Herbie for this one. This would be his last race with Sterling, and he was determined to finish off with a bang so large that Sterling would never dare contact him again. Herbie, meanwhile, continued to feel apprehensive as Roddy toyed with his insides. He certainly didn't like where this was going and was determined himself to stop the driver from wrecking himself. However, Herbie didn't want to incur Roddy's wrath just yet, so he remained quiet as Roddy started his engine up and revved it, sounding as smooth as the little car could make it. Nodding in satisfaction, Roddy turned off Herbie's engine and covered it with a tarp hooked along his rear grille to keep his engine warm. Patting the bug on his roof, Roddy smiled proudly at Herbie as he went upstairs to go to sleep, ignoring the messages on his phone. The crew didn't see or hear from Roddy all day the next morning as Jackson revved Forrest into the garage forecourt. The Land Rover came to a slightly squeaking stop as Haruka soon revved in on Shamo, coming to a stop beside the big sport utility vehicle as she unsaddled the bike. Her face looked troubled as she looked to Pegasus parked nearby, then to Jackson as he stepped out of his vehicle, dressed in his Park Ranger uniform. \"Hello, Jackson!\" Haruka called out to him, waving her hand in the air, \"What's with the costume?\" \"My vacation's over, Haruka.\" He replied, making sure his uniform was clean, \"I start in a couple of hours up at Angeles, so I gotta tell Wilson that I was heading off.\" \"Oh, what I got's about Angeles!\" She said, showing him the text suddenly. Jackson's eyes bugged out as he identified the words \"Sterling\", \"Volkswagen\", and \"race\". Immediately, the two looked at each other in shock before running into the office to find Lewis and Wilson, who were conversing casually at the counter. \"Haruka!\" Lewis beamed, leaning over the counter to kiss her, but was found blocked by a phone to the face as he backed away to read it. Suddenly, his eyes went wide as well as he showed his dad, who displayed a similar reaction as the four suddenly went silent. Lewis was the first to break it as he asked, \"Who told you?\" \"I don't know.\" Haruka said, looking through her contacts, \"It was a group message so I don't know who sent it first. But it's happening tonight!\" \"Why didn't Roddy even tell us?\" Jackson asked, pulling at his afro. \"Now, everyone calm down!\" Wilson shouted uncharacteristically, just to get control of the situation, \"Maybe Roddy didn't tell us because he thought he could do this on his own. What we have to do is find him and talk him out of doing this, understood?\" \"Of course, dad!\" Lewis nodded back, \"Let's go find him!\" \"Right!\" Jackson and Haruka both said as they ran out to Pegasus and piled inside. As Lewis climbed into Pegasus, he only now noticed Jackson dressed as a park ranger. \"Why're you dressed like that?\" Lewis wondered as he headed out onto Colorado Boulevard and headed for Roddy's place. \"It's my uniform, remember?\" Jackson said, \"I've been on vacation for a couple months, and I return to work tomorrow.\" \"That actually gives me an idea,\" Lewis replied, tapping his chin, \"Of a way we can get Roddy out of that race. Now, pay close attention…\" When the trio arrived at Roddy's place later in the day, they found Maya Gomez meeting them at the door, but Herbie and Roddy had apparently both left an hour before they arrived. Lewis snapped his fingers in annoyance at just missing the little Asian and his car, but then thought again as he re-entered Pegasus. \"Hey Jackson,\" Lewis wondered, \"Can Forrest pass for a National Park Ranger SUV?\" \"Uh, yeah.\" Jackson said as he climbed in the back, \"Kinda, why?\" \"Because I just had an idea…\" Lewis grinned, and drove quickly back to the garage.[Chapter 14] It was nightfall when Herbie eventually reached the mouth of Angeles Crest Highway. The little car was feeling apprehensive about racing that night, but knew Roddy would be too stubborn to listen to reason at this point. There, Roddy found a small group of Sterling's cohorts waiting for him with all their flashy import cars, including the man himself resting on his silver Infiniti coupe. The bug came to a stop a short distance away and parked as Sterling walked over, his cohorts getting out of the way and giving them room. Roddy grimaced as he got out of the bug, dressed in a white jumpsuit and blue racing helmet with Chinese characters written on it in white paint. The little car began to formulate a plan to make his drive see sense, or at least realize what he was doing to his friends. \"Well.\" Sterling grinned, offering his hand as he walked up to Roddy, \"Glad you could make it tonight! \"Can it, Sterling.\" Roddy growled, pointing a finger in his direction, \"I know it was you who sent that bloody monster after me in Soledad Canyon, and you're gonna pay that tonight by eating. My. Dust.\" \"Oooh!\" Sterling grinned as his cohorts grinned and laughed behind him, \"I'm pretty sure I have no record of sending someone after you, as I've changed of course!\" \"So you say.\" Roddy grumbled, as a white park ranger's passed by them, going uphill, \"So we gonna race or not?\" \"Of course we'll race.\" Sterling grinned as he leaned down above the smaller male, \"If you win, you get any kind of car from my father's lot, no matter what the price; and, I leave you alone forever. How's that?\" \"And if you win,\" Roddy growled, \"You can get my car, but you still have to leave me alone.\" Herbie wriggled nervously at the terms, looking at Sterling in fear. The taller male met Herbie's seeming gaze and grinned darkly, turning to Roddy to shake his hand. \"You have yourself a deal there,\" Sterling grinned as Roddy immediately let go of his hand and climbed back into Herbie, saying slyly, \"Don't lose too hard of course, I don't want my new toy to end up damaged.\" \"Bite me,\" Roddy growled as he rolled up the window and started up Herbie's engine. The bug then revved off to a start line being spray-painted by Red, as Sterling moved up alongside in his super-modified silver coupe. The two revved their engines, sending flames shooting out of the Infiniti's exhaust pipe, as Herbie wheezed and growled. Roddy and Sterling's eyes met as Red stepped out in front of them with a flag in hand. \"You race to the picnic grounds and back!\" He yelled over the din of their engines, raising the flag, \"In 3… 2...1!\" As Red brought the flag down, both Herbie's and the Infiniti's tires squealed and smoked as they shot up Angeles Crest highway, both narrowly avoiding running Red over as they launched into a steep left-hand curve. Roddy kept his foot down on the pedal as the two cars sped along the dark road, only illuminated by their car's headlights and Sterling's own neons under his car. Speeding out of the curve, Roddy shifted into a higher gear as Herbie pulled ahead of Sterling, tires digging into the curve as they shot out of the curve and rocketing into the next one. Sterling grinned as he chased after the Beetle, pulling on the handbrake and blocking Herbie's access to the apex. Roddy swore as he downshifted, cutting into the inside of the curve and still rocketing ahead. There Herbie stayed behind Sterling, as his opponent drifted effortlessly into the curves, each turn of the wheel seemingly calculated as the Infiniti drew a considerable lead over the bug. Roddy seethed, hands tight on the wheel as he punched Herbie's gas. THe little car gurgled and grumbled as Roddy swung him into another turn, making his driver grit his teeth. \"Come on, Herbie!\" Roddy growled, downshifting again but finding Herbie's gearstick unresponsive. Tugging on it a couple times, he found it jammed in place as Roddy groaned and facepalmed, pulling Herbie's gas in again as the little car merely growled uselessly. Roddy growled, screaming, \"You don't want Sterling to win, don't you?! Do you know what he's gonna do to the both of us when we lose!?\" No response came from the car as Herbie maintained his pace, leaving Roddy helplessly watching Sterling rocketing ahead of them, flames shooting out of his tailpipe. \"Oh come on…\" Roddy groaned as he put his forehead against the wheel, saying, \"If this is about me being angry, I'm sorry, ok!? I didn't mean to scare you like this, I was scared too!\" Herbie didn't respond as Roddy continued, \"I was scared of… My friends getting hurt and of Sterling and… I didn't want to get caught up in this! I just wanted to race!\" Tears began to well in Roddy's eye as Herbie continued to listen, Roddy saying, \"I just thought… Racing was fun, I didn't want to become this competitive… Or put myself or you in any danger like this.\" He then took a deep breath, hugging Herbie's wheel and sighing quietly as he said, \"I'm sorry…\" All of a sudden, Herbie downshifted as his little engine roared to life. His tires squealed as the little car drifted through a narrow series of turns, Roddy being forced back into his seat as Herbie chased after Sterling's car. His driver whooped and cheered as he eagerly shifted into a higher gear, Roddy putting his foot down as they both sped off into the dark mountain road. Meanwhile, Sterling was up ahead, having slowed down to cruise along the open highway. He had a can of Red Bull in his hand, happily sipping it as one hand remained on the wheel. Techno music was blasting on his expensive stereo system, drowning out all the noise around him as Herbie soon came around the curve, rocketing up the grade as fast as his wheels could carry him. Roddy looked to the slowed Infiniti and grinned, honking Herbie's horn as they sped by and kicked up some dust. Sterling was ripped out of his relaxation as he spat Red Bull all over his car's interior, growling in disgust as he tossed the can out the window and revved his engine hard. Pressing a button, nitrous oxide was soon dumped into his engine's cylinders and out the tailpipe in a blue flame, making the Infiniti accelerate harder as Sterling chased after the small bug. \"You're not gonna get away from me, Gomez!\" He growled, shifting higher and packing more boost into his already-roaring engine as the Infiniti streaked around tight right-hand curve. Sterling immediately oversteered the car and pulled on the handbrake, making his rear swing out and taillights streak against the darkness as he drifted one hundred and eighty degrees through two consecutive zig-zag curves. This tricky driving allowed Sterling to catch up with Herbie, as the two began to form an intricate, careful dance as the cars skidded and drifted around each tight curve within inches of each other through George's Gap. Sterling had to credit Roddy on one thing, the amateur sure knew his way around a mountain road. As they passed the Clear Creek Information Center, a big white Land Rover's inhabitants were soon woken up by the loud, revving engines. \"Oh crap!\" Jackson screamed as he woke up Lewis, \"They just passed!\" \"Go go go!\" Lewis screamed as he finished putting on Jackson's spare ranger uniform in the backseat. Forrest's diesel engine roared and all four tires squealed as Jackson took off after the racers, his beacon lights flashing bright in the night. Sterling and Roddy both saw the bright lights approaching them and decided to evade the authorities, throwing both of their cars into a tight right-hand turn as Sterling sped on ahead, Herbie remaining on the car's inside and hugging the mountain. Both cars remained neck and neck as they weaved along the mountainside, as Forrest followed along close behind. A tight complex of curves lay ahead with the first leading into a steep cutting. Sterling dropped behind as Herbie shot forward, Roddy manipulating the wheel and swinging Herbie's rear out to drift. Sterling took advantage of this as he grinned and shifted his Infiniti harder, catching up as the little car was about to exit the curve. With a small, gentle nudge, Herbie suddenly found himself spinning out, trying to grip the road as the cutting suddenly gave way to a steep drop-off. Roddy slammed on the brakes hard as Herbie skidded to a stop, rear bumper just having over the dark edge. Both car and human sighed as Roddy looked to Sterling's lights streaking away into the hills. \"You know what to do, Herbie.\" Roddy grinned as he saw the Land Rover catching up, its amber lights still blazing through the darkness. Herbie beeped eagerly and dug his tires into the dirt, kicking up a cloud of dust as he sped away after Sterling. Lewis and Jackson, meanwhile, shielded their eyes as Jackson whipped the Land Rover around the turn slowly, still in mock pursuit of the two drivers. Herbie soon caught up to Sterling as the latter was swinging his car around a soft right hand, then a tight left hand curve. Roddy gripped the wheel as Herbie suddenly jerked right, cutting across the dirt on the inside as Sterling drifted, revving back onto the road and drifting into a tight left curve that climbed steeply. Sterling growled as he came out of that curve, pushing the Infiniti faster as flames again shot out of its tailpipe, singeing the rear bumper and diffuser as the Infiniti followed close behind the Volkswagen again as they hit a straight and then a gentle left. As they went into another right-hand curve, Herbie moved to block Sterling again, but this time the driver wasn't having it as he rammed the Infiniti into Herbie's rear fender. Both Herbie and Roddy cringed as the sound of crunching metal rang in Roddy's ears, the Infiniti's intercooler suffering minor damage as Herbie spun out yet again. WIthout stopping this time, Herbie tried racing backwards again after Sterling as Roddy hung on tightly to let the car do his thing. When they reached yet another tight left turn with a pull-over section overlooking a vista, Herbie immediately sped ahead of Sterling on the outside and swung his front around. Taking the hint, Roddy then steered Herbie back facing forward as he shifted into second gear, throwing the car hard forward as Herbie roared ahead of Sterling. After two corners, the picnic area was just up ahead. Sterling and Roddy looked at each other as both went head to head on the straightaway. When they reached the entrance to the picnic grounds, both drivers went for the handbrake as their cars swung around 180 degrees. As they did, though, they suddenly found the Rangers had caught up with them. Forrest soon rolled up to the stopped racecars, its white paintwork completely unblemished and cleaned up as two large California State Park logos adorned her doors. Her amber lights and fog-lights shone brightly, almost blinding the two drivers as its diesel engine purred smoothly. With a squeaking stop, Lewis and Jackson stepped out in disguise, lights shining on Roddy and Sterling as they walked up to the two drivers. Barely discernable through the light, Jackson was dressed as a park ranger, clad in aviator sunglasses, a false earpiece and a ranger hat covering his rather prominent afro. Lewis, meanwhile, was dressed in the same uniform and aviator sunglasses, but was instead wearing a false, and obscenely bushy, moustache. Sterling was left wondering what was going on as he exited his car to talk with the officers, as Roddy was just left speechless, wondering what his friends were doing here. \"Can I help you, officers?\" Sterling said, extending his hand for a shake. \"O'course you cayn.\" Jackson said in a broad redneck accent that Roddy couldn't help but laugh at inside Herbie, \"Mind y'all explainin' the sitch-ee-ation here, sir?\" \"Well,\" Sterling started, not noticing Jackson's fake accent, \"I was just out here with my friend tonight, enjoying a leisurely drive along this beautiful mountain road.\" \"At a hundred or so miles an hour?\" Lewis responded in a deep voice that was probably the moustache's fault. \"Oh, that?\" Sterling grinned, trying not to break character, \"That was because wanted to get to our destination on time. It's a little cafe on the other side of the mountain, nice cappuccinos and all.\" \"Uh-huh…\" Lewis nodded skeptically, \"I'll have to question the other driver about this. You stay here in case my partner wants to question you more..\" As Sterling nodded compliantly and stayed by Jackson's side, Lewis approached Herbie and knocked on the window. Roddy quickly cranked the window down and sheepishly waved to Lewis, looking quite sorry for himself. \"H-hi, officer…\" Roddy said quietly, feeling the weight of his actions yesterday suddenly coming back to him. \"You ok?\" Lewis asked in his normal voice, taking the sunglasses off to show his caring, compassionate eyes. \"Yeah…\" Roddy exhaled as he looked down, \"I'm fine.\" He then looked at Lewis again, saying, \"Look, about yesterday…\" \"Don't worry about it.\" Lewis smiled, hoping Sterling didn't see, \"We're all still your friends, you know? We just want you to be safe, you know?\" \"Thanks, Lewis.\" Roddy beamed, fistbumping his friend as Lewis suddenly slipped a piece of paper into Roddy's hand. Finding that it was a number, Roddy blinked and asked him, \"What is this?\" \"Seems that waiter at Lily's seemed to like you.\" Lewis winked as he backed up and watched Roddy's eyes light up, \"You'd best call him after you win.\" \"I will!\" Roddy cried happily, fighting a happy tear in his eye as he said, \"Thanks officer!\" \"You're free to go, drive safely sir!\" Lewis waved, adopting his deeper voice as Herbie beeped and rolled forward downhill, past an astonished Sterling. \"You're just going to let him go, officer?!\" he said, pointing at the rapidly-accelerating bug as Herbie's engine suddenly roared across the mountain range. \"Of course!\" Jackson replied, still disguised, \"Under law, we still gotta hold you for thirty seconds!\" \"What law?\" Sterling angrily said, \"I'm a taxpayer, you know! I have my rights too!\" \"The law…\" Lewis said, suddenly removing his moustache and glasses as Jackson took his hat off and let his afro pop out, \"Of you losing!\" Sterling was left standing there for a few seconds in shock, suddenly seeing Roddy's insipid friends right in front of him. The little Asian had tricked him for the last time! Now only seeing red, Sterling then quickly jumped into his Infiniti and revved its engine hard. His right foot collided hard with the gas pedal as flames shot out of the silver car, nearly running Jackson over as Sterling revved madly after Roddy. Watching the car disappear, Jackson and Lewis quickly chased after in Forrest as they cheered on Roddy. Up ahead, Herbie was carving each downhill curve with surprising agility, Roddy braking and swinging out the Beetle's rear as they revved downhill faster and faster, tail-lights streaking through every bend and chicane with only Herbie's headlights as a source of illumination. Fast approaching the Clear Creek Information Center, a loud revving from behind them caused Roddy to look in Herbie's rearview. Coming up behind Herbie, like a bat out of hell, was Sterling at a breakneck speed, and he didn't look one bit happy about it.[Chapter 15] Sterling gritted his teeth as he pushed the Infiniti harder down the mountain, his engine's tachometer constantly pointing into the red line as more nitrous oxide was dumped into his engine. Blue flames pushed the silver coupe onward as the mad rival streaked past Herbie when he went by the Information Center. Roddy had to brace tightly on Herbie's seat, feeling the whole car tipping sideways as Sterling dipped into the next turn. Quickly regaining control, Herbie obediently pushed forward after the Infiniti, drifting into the corner and catching up quite easily as Roddy's hands fought to keep Herbie on the road. No matter what Sterling could do, he couldn't shake the little car off his tail. Weaving in and out through the curves, the desperate male tried his damndest to lose Herbie on the dark mountain roads but to no avail. Through each corner and straightaway, the little car kept up well as they plunged downhill into George's Gap, Roddy keeping his eyes focused on the road as Sterling gave one glance at the bug as they went into a tight S-curve with a vista overlooking the mountain range.. As they turned into it, Sterling let his Infiniti swing out again, slamming its rear into Herbie's rear fender again. The bug groaned as his tires began to slide, Roddy fighting to keep Herbie under control. \"Yes, yes!\" Sterling grinned, spying a guardrail up ahead that ended the vista outlook and rejoined the road. Pushing Herbie towards the railing, sparks flew from between the two cars as Sterling strong-armed the wheel of his car and forced Herbie. The little car shuddered and beeped desperately as Roddy looked quickly from the upcoming railing to the wall. Sterling then began laughing as he rammed Herbie off the road and towards the railing as he shot off down the road, not even caring that the entire side of his car was scratched and dented. Letting off the gas, he then listened carefully to hear the beautiful sounds of Roddy crashing into the railing…. Instead, a harsh grinding noise greeted Sterling as Herbie suddenly slid by on the railing, sparks flying as the bug jumped off the railing and skidded in front of the Infiniti. Roddy then regained control as Herbie straightened off, accelerating into a right hand curve as he waved mockingly through the rear windshield. Sterling was left slack-jawed as he watched the Beetle speed off, feeling his knuckles whiten and his face pale. How could that car do those kinds of things, and at the hand of a mere amateur like him?! The Infiniti's driver regained composure and dumped more nitrous into his engine, blue flames burning bright in the darkness as the Infiniti fought to catch up. \"Oh, so we're going to play like that, eh Gomez?!\" Sterling screamed as he downshifted, swinging the Infiniti down another steep curve, \"I'll bomb you off the damn road!\" Roddy kept looking behind himself, seeing Sterling coming up too fast for his own taste. Chest pounding, he stepped off the gas and braked hard, sending Herbie into another powerslide and leading Sterling along. He didn't know how long the car was going to keep behind him, but Roddy knew that he couldn't trust being within inches of that silver sports car as they went into another tight right-hand turn. Sterling immediately dived inside, using the Infiniti as a battering ram as he smashed into Herbie's side roughly. Roddy braced and groaned as Herbie's tires bit the asphalt and began smoking, the little car's side just in front of his rear right fender dented in from Sterling's hit. Sterling lost his left headlight because of the hit, but that didn't matter to him right now as he drew level. The two cars weaved perfectly through each turn ahead as tires squealed in protest and smoke billowed out from behind them. \"This Gomez rat just won't quit!\" Sterling thought to himself as he looked at Roddy as they drifted around another curve, \"I've the better car, the better mods, and the better performance! What's he got that makes him so good!?\" Roddy just chewed on his cheek as he led Herbie down the many curves that made up Angeles Crest Highway, focused only on making sure his little car didn't end up ploughing down the mountainside. It was only a short time before they would return to the start point, so Herbie decided to put some distance ahead of Sterling. Drifting into a turn, Roddy stepped on the gas and over-revved Herbie's tires, keeping the bug on a controlled drift as white smoke obscured Sterling's vision. The rival driver growled and angrily ripped at his gearstick, bringing the Infiniti out of the smoke-cloud, only to almost skid into a mountainside. The Infiniti skidded as Sterling fought for control, the silver sports car going sideways down the road as Roddy sped off ahead. Its driver growled as his steel-blue eyes watched Herbie speed away, putting the Infiniti into gear again as Sterling roared down the mountain once again. He wasn't going to lose, he never lost to begin with! To Sterling, was always a winner and he was going to claim that victory, and Roddy's car, for himself. Back down the mountain, Haruka revved up on Shamo to Sterling's cohorts, pulling up beside a blue Datsun sports coupe. Parking her bike next to the car, the nervous girl took off her helmet and walked towards the road quietly as some of the drift racers looked back to notice her. Murmuring amongst themselves, Red pushed through the crowd suddenly as he ran up to Haruka, almost tripping over on his baggy jeans. The blonde male picked himself up and adjusted his cap, then looked to the girl as her gaze was directed up the mountain road. After a quiet beat, Red looked at her and gently tapped Haruka on the hip, shocking the girl out of her silence. \"Ah!\" She squealed, looking angrily at him as she said, \"Red, what gives?\" \"I wanted to get your attention, 'Ruka.\" He replied, scratching the back of his head. After spitting, he said, \"What're you doing here 'Ruka? Sterling told us if he saw you here, he'd kill ya!\" \"I came here to to watch the race.\" She replied smartly, not looking to Red, \"I'm just making sure my friends are safe.\" \"What friends?\" Red wondered, frowning in confusion, \"I thought we were your friends!\" \"You were…\" Haruka nodded softly, \"But I found some new ones.\" \"You really can't think that little bug can win, can you?\" Red laughed, trying to alleviate the tension, \"I mean, your boy Sterling-\" \"He's not. My. Boyfriend.\" Haruka said firmly, giving Red a fierce look, \"We're finished, through.\" \"Sure, sure!\" Red nodded, cowering from Haruka as he backed away, \"Fine, whatever! Your life, you know!\" As the skinny male scurried away to rejoin the main group, Haruka breathed gently as the mountain air blew through her hair. \"Come on, Roddy…\" She softly said to herself, loosening her fist. Back up the mountain, Herbie and the Infiniti were head to head again. Sterling and Roddy gave each other a fierce look as their cars dived into the final turns, tires screaming out in protest with every sideways motion they forced on them. Both their legs were a blur as clutch and gas pedals were repeatedly stomped on to maintain speed. Flames were even popping out of Herbie's rear end as the bug rapidly shifted to keep up. Sterling could almost taste victory now, licking his lips as his right foot stomped down on the gas pedal as far as it could go. The tachometer needle rose higher past 5000 revolutions per minute, 6000, then past the redline at 6600 revolutions and still climbing. The six-cylinder engine screamed as the damaged front of the silver coupe drew level with Herbie's bumper, sounding as if it could give no more power. Two turns to go and Herbie was still keeping pace with Sterling. To the driver, desperate times began to call for desperate measures. As the two cars roared into the final big turn, Sterling flicked the nitrous switch one last time. Herbie had to brake slightly mid-turn as the Infiniti's exhaust lit up with blue flames, roaring like a lion as the silver coupe drew ahead out of the turn quickly. As his rival drew ahead into the final turn, the Infiniti's engine let out a horrible whining noise that caused Roddy to cover his ears. Herbie also reeled back from sound, braking gently as white smoke shot out of their rival's tailpipe. Sterling, meanwhile, ignored everything around him as he felt the car push him closer and closer to the finish. In fact, there it was! Right in front of him! Grinning, Sterling decided to put on a little show and pushed in the clutch, revving the engine as the last of the nitrous was leaving the system. However, it proved to be fatal. Immediately, there was a loud \"BANG!\" as a flash of fire and black smoke popped out from under the bonnet. The coupe's wheels immediately locked up as Sterling went into an uncontrollable skid, spinning out at high speed downhill. The driver screamed in fear as he fought to keep control, more white smoke erupting from his tailpipe and his tires as the Infiniti spun out of control and towards the waiting party. Instead of cheering, however, Sterling's cohorts ran out of the way, narrowly avoiding getting hit as their boss' car skidded past across the finish and past Haruka rapidly. Haruka didn't move an inch as the car passed her by, only watching Roddy finishing his descent down the mountain. The Infiniti managed to finally stop ten feet away a few seconds later on the side of the road, facing forward again as Herbie finally crossed the line and stopped quickly just beside Haruka. The little bug puttered happily at her side as Sterling remained still in his car for a moment, catching his breath and taking a glance at his surroundings. The Infiniti was billowing black smoke from its bonnet, causing the cabin's temperature to rise as its electronics fizzled out. Sterling undid his belt slowly and opened the door, staggering out to face Roddy, Haruka, and all of his cohorts looking at him, worried. The shaken male then began shambling slowly towards them, dizzily walking up the road back to them as he held out a shaky finger and pointed at Roddy, an unhinged grin upon his face as Sterling's glasses were askew on his face. \"I…\" Sterling stammered, still walking up to them with his index finger out, \"I win… Your car's m-mine.\" \"Are you going to be ok?\" Roddy asked, walking over to Sterling before reeling back as his rival suddenly slammed his hands on Herbie's hood. \"He's mine, GOMEZ!\" Sterling squeaked, giggling as one eye twitched. Looking to Haruka, he slowly reached out another shaky hand and said, \"Haruka, d-darling…\" \"Ew…\" Haruka retched as she gently deflected Sterling's hand. Sterling frowned, looking to his quiet and scared racers with a manic look on his face. \"What's the matter!?\" Sterling yelled, ignoring what was going on behind him as he approached them, \"What's got you all quiet as sh-?!\" \"Look behind you!\" One racer shouted, and then Sterling did. Sterling could only stare blankly as his Infiniti was suddenly engulfed in flames, from the engine compartment all the way through to the rear. The plush leather interior caught fire immediately and, as the fire crept around the still-filled nitrous tank and gas tank, the Infiniti exploded violently. A shockwave rang through the mountain road as Haruka and Roddy immediately took refuge behind Herbie, Sterling standing almost stupidly still as he watched his car transform into a bright explosion that illuminated the night sky in brilliant reds, oranges, yellows and whites. Streetlights were shattered, car alarms were activated, and almost the entire neighborhood of La Canada-Flintridge was woken up as the Infiniti was soon reduced to a flaming skeleton. Roddy and Haruka got up slowly as Lewis and Jackson soon rejoined down the mountain, skidding to a stop behind Herbie. \"What happened?!\" Lewis asked, sticking his head out the window. \"It looks like Sterling's car exp-\" Haruka began to explain, but then laughed when she saw Lewis still wearing the fake moustache. Her boyfriend blushed and blinked as he hid his face quickly, as Jackson stepped out to examine the wreck. \"Damn…\" he commented as he tipped his ranger hat up, \"What a hot ride, eh? Eh?\" Jackson then nudged Roddy, expecting a laugh. Roddy looked to him with an unimpressed face, as Herbie began emitting a laugh-like beeping of his horn. Jackson then grinned at Roddy, rubbing his knuckles on his lapel as he said, \"Well, at least someone liked it.\" A chorus of sirens and horns were soon coming up the block, indicating the authorities were on their way to see what all the commotion was about. Sterling's cohorts, fearing impoundment or worse, immediately fled their leader and booked it up the mountain, their exhausts buzzing away into the night. Roddy and his friends, however, stood right where they were as Roddy stripped his racing clothes off to draw no further suspicion. Sterling, meanwhile, continued standing a few feet away, staring blankly at his now-vanquished Infiniti without a thought running through his head. The fire department soon arrived and were busy dousing the flaming wreckage, as one police officer drove over to the group to ask them questions. \"Evening, rangers.\" He said, not suspecting Lewis and Jackson's disguises. Stepping out of the cruiser, the near-balding, chubby officer then turned to Roddy and Haruka as he said, \"Ma'am, sir.\" \"Evening, officer.\" Jackson said, shaking his hand, \"What can we do for you tonight. \"You two…\" The officer said, pointing his pen to Haruka and Roddy, \"Were you two racing tonight, by any chance?\" \"What? No!\" Haruka and Roddy stammered together, before clearing their throats as Haruka continued, \"I was just taking a relaxing night drive with my friends here, and then this… Racer boy.\" She then pointed to the blank Sterling, continuing, \"He came up, harassing us and trying to race us, but then his car… Yeah.\" She then finished with a smile, as the officer took down his notes. \"Mmhmm…\" The officer replied, \"And were you two rangers escorting them through?\" \"Uh, yes. Yes we were.\" Jackson nodded, flashing the officer his ranger's badge. \"Ok,\" The officer said, nodding as he looked over his notes. \"Since your report's ok, I'll get this one out of your hair.\" Walking over to Sterling's still body, the officer put his wrists into cuffs and escorted the quiet racer off the street, listing his crimes along the way as the officer said, \"You're under arrest under suspicion of reckless endangerment, illegal detonation of explosives, speeding, and illegal dumping of said explosives. How do you plead?\" \"Huh…?\" Sterling grunted as he was put into the back of the police cruiser. Sirens blared once again as the cruiser sped off, leaving Roddy and his friends alone on the quiet mountain road. As the firefighters collected the wreckage of Sterling's car, Roddy looked around at his friends and their rides, before asking: \"Wait, what happens now?\" The others looked at him awkwardly as they searched for an answer themselves. After a couple minutes of silence, Jackson piped up. \"How about burritos at Lily's?\" He suggested. Everyone but Roddy groaned, which Jackson took to be a yes.[Chapter 16] Roddy woke up the very next morning at 10AM with a dull, throbbing ache in his head. His legs also felt like he had strapped them to concrete blocks, wincing as he slid himself to the side and sat up. Minding the low head-room of his bunkbed, Roddy yawned as he grabbed his glasses and looked at himself in the mirror. An exhausted twenty-three year old greeted his gaze, as his unkempt mop-top stuck out everywhere, resembling a dollop of dark fudge atop his head. Tugging at his undershirt, Roddy then stood up and stretched his arms upward, yawning again as he approached the window across the room. As he opened the curtains and gazed out at the sunny morning outside, his eyes winced from the brightness before they drifted down to Herbie resting on front of the restaurant. When his vision finally cleared, Roddy's eyes promptly grew wider in surprise. Herbie displayed dents and scratches all along his side, with much of the impact damage contained on part of his rear bumper, his rear fender and the body panel just in front of it. Immediately, the memories of last night came flooding back to Roddy: accepting Sterling's deal, racing on Angeles Crest, Lewis' ridiculous fake moustache, and finally Sterling's car exploding as he was arrested. Roddy didn't know what to make of the memories, the last thing he saw being Cilian's gently-smiling face before the rest was a blacked-out blur. His mother was busy managing the restaurant below when she saw Roddy come down the stairs quickly, calling him over as the young man was busy fixing the buttons on his polo shirt. \"Morning, Rodrigo!\" She said, giving him a tight hug and a kiss. \"Augh, mom!\" Roddy hissed, wiggling her grip, \"Not in front of the customers!\" \"Oh shush, they don't mind.\" His mom gently teased before asking, \"Why do you look so tired? Were you hanging out with your friends again?\" \"Uh, yeah.\" Roddy nodded, \"We drove along Angeles Crest at night just for fun.\" He then bit his lip, knowing that it was only a half-truth anyway. \"And you were careful, right?\" Maya then pressed him, apparently having not noticed Herbie's damage. \"Of course, mom.\" Roddy nodded, hugging her tightly again. Maya accepted his answer with open arms, giving him a hug back. Roddy then said as he let go, \"I'm going to go hang out with my friends now, but I promise I'll be back to make some deliveries!\" \"Ok, you have fun!\" Maya called out, \"And be careful!\" \"I won't!\" Roddy playfully responded, grabbing his jacket as he flew out the door and climbed into Herbie. Putting on his seatbelt, Roddy asked the little car, \"Morning, Herbie. How are you feeling today?\" A gentle bleat of his horn answered Roddy, which he took as a sign that Herbie was ok. Cranking the key in its slot, Herbie's engine turned over once, then twice before finally firing up smoothly, making Roddy smile. Taking Herbie out on the road, the two drove over to the Mission St. garage quickly and found Lewis and Haruka talking by Pegasus as they pulled in. Wilson, meanwhile, was busy bolting in a sporty white Mitsubishi four-door's new wheels when he saw Herbie pulling in. Finishing his work, Wilson wiped his hands as he ambled over, all smiles before suddenly noticing the little car's damaged side. \"What happened!?\" He said in surprise, which broke Lewis and Haruka out of their conversation. \"Oh, dad!\" Lewis said excitedly as he ran up, pulling Haruka along, \"Roddy raced Sterling last night on Angeles Crest!\" \"You what!?\" Wilson said, even more surprised as he looked to Roddy stepping out of Herbie, asking him frantically, \"Did you win?!\" \"Well,\" Haruka interjected, \"Since Sterling's car blew up on the finish, it'd be safe to say Roddy won that one.\" \"Blew up?\" Wilson asked again, scratching his head, \"How did-?\" \"Too much nitrous,\" Lewis nodded, \"Locked his engine right up, then blew up his gas and nitrous tank. Was a brilliant explosion.\" \"Damn…\" Wilson nodded sagely, thinking again, \"And what about Sterling? I heard from Morrison that he's looking for a new manager for his Beverly Hills showroom since his son was… indisposed?\" \"Oh, he got arrested as well.\" Haruka explained, trying not to smile in satisfaction as she said, \"Police got him for blowing up his car.\" \"So we're all cool then, right?\" Wilson nodded as he looked again to Herbie's exterior damage, \"Because if this car's able to make something like that blow up, then we've really got a winner right here.\" \"Yup.\" Roddy nodded, then remembered something as he said, \"Hey Wilson?\" \"Yeah?\" Wilson responded, running his hand up and down Herbie's damaged fender. The little car wiggled ticklishly as the mechanic did so, jerking forward slightly and causing Roddy and Lewis to jump back. \"W-what was that about helping me restore my ride for free?\" Roddy said, grinning innocently. Wilson whistled as he got up and looked around at the busy garage. \"Come back tonight, after hours.\" He said, \"We'll fix him up right. The next few nights were spent hard at work on fixing Herbie up, the little car watching quietly as his whole body was lifted off his flat, pan-like chassis, and the defective panes were removed. A new fender and panel was soon bought from Wilde's junkyard off a similar Beetle and were quickly sanded and repainted into matching colors. After a few days, the new panels were installed and Herbie was put back together and repainted in a new coat of pearl white. The fit felt awkward at first to Herbie, like trying on a new shirt that didn't fit just right, but soon the bug felt happy again as he revved happily around the garage, looking as he did coming out of the factory back in the 1960's. Wilson and Roddy fistbumped as Herbie approached them and nuzzled both their legs with his bumpers warmly, everyone feeling proud of their work as Lewis, Haruka, and Jackson conversed on Forrest's tailgate. Two nights later, Lewis and Haruka finally decided to make the next crucial step in their relationship: going out on a date. Lewis stressed as he fumbled with his Oxford shirt and black tie, slicking back his hair with some pomade as he kept glancing at his lean, angular, and clean-shaved features in the mirror. He had planned on a romantic night in Santa Monica, just Haruka and him cruising around and enjoying what the night had to offer. As he grabbed his blazer, a chirpy \"Beep-beep!\" suddenly came outside his front door. Raising an eyebrow, Lewis approached the window to find Herbie sitting outside on his driveway behind Pegasus, his lights on and engine idling, yet no driver in his seat. Rolling his eyes, Lewis walked outside and looked at his watch before approaching Herbie with his arms folded. \"So,\" Lewis said, tongue firmly against his cheek as he remained unimpressed, \"Roddy put you up to this, did he?\" He then looked Herbie up and down, admiring the immaculate polishing that he and Roddy did earlier that day. \"Yes he did!\" Came the prompt reply as Forrest drove up the road, Jackson waving to Lewis as Roddy shouted, \"Good luck on your date tonight!\" The pair then drove out of sight, causing Lewis to chuckle and shake his head. \"Ah well,\" He grinned, walking around to Herbie's driver's seat and opening his door, \"Might as well not pass up this opportunity. Let's just hope Haruka doesn't mind.\" Herbie beeped in agreement as he backed up and drove onto the street, Lewis helpfully navigating the bug to Haruka's place. Haruka, meanwhile, stood outside her father's large gated home in San Marino as she waited for Lewis' arrival. She was leaning on Shamo, dressed in a fiery red dress with a black phoenix design embroidered on, as her brown hair was pinned back into a ponytail. Glancing at her watch again, she worried Lewis would be late until a little horn soon got her attention. The gate opened as Lewis drove up in Herbie, surprising the young woman as she walked over to the little car, her heels clacking on the drive way's brick surface. \"We're not going to a drag strip tonight, are we?\" Haruka grinned as Herbie opened his door politely, letting her into the passenger seat. \"I don't know what Roddy said to this little car,\" Lewis said defensively, causing Haruka to giggle lightly, \"But I assure you we won't be racing tonight.\" Leaning in towards her gently, Lewis then said as he smiled at her warmly, \"Tonight, it's just going to be us.\" \"I should expect so.\" Haruka replied, pulling Lewis into a soft kiss. Herbie then let out a rendition of the Wedding March on his horn, startling the two from their kiss as Haruka let out a sudden laugh, Lewis blushing intensely as he put the car into gear. \"Spoilers, Herbie!\" He said as he drove away from Haruka's place. As they drove onto the main road and headed for the freeway, Haruka closed her eyes and leaned on Lewis' shoulder as he drove. Lewis couldn't help but watch her as he drove, feeling his heart flutter as Herbie came to a stop at a light just before the on-ramp The two felt at peace with each other, with Lewis giving her a kiss on the head as they were stopped, enjoying the intimate silence. A silence that was suddenly broken by a white Subaru Impreza sedan pulling up next to them at the light. Its engine revved loudly as the pompadour-topped male looked at them through his aviators. A rather curvaceous woman sat next to him in the car, dressed in a creamy-yellow top that dipped low on her chest, while the male wore a leather jacket on his torso, and a grin on his face. Haruka and Lewis looked over skeptically as the pompadoured male pointed at them. \"Yo!\" He shouted as Haruka lowered her window, \"Want a good race tonight?\" Haruka looked over at Lewis incredulously as her boyfriend tapped his straightedge chin. \"I thought you said no racing tonight.\" She argued, to which Lewis grinned sheepishly back. \"Just this once?\" He asked, putting on the puppy dog eyes for her. Haruka sighed, realizing she was no match for Lewis' dorky face. \"Oh fine.\" She smiled, slapping Lewis gently on his cheek as she turned to the Impreza driver and shouted, \"Eat our tiresmoke, baka !\" \"Them's most certainly fighting words!\" The Impreza driver yelled back, as the two cars revved their engines. As the light went green, Lewis stepped on the gas immediately and let off the clutch. Both he and Haruka then let off a scream as Herbie suddenly jerked forward and popped a wheelie, engine roaring as the little car revved ahead on two wheels. Herbie swiftly past the Impreza onto the on-ramp, shocking the glasses off the young man in the leather jacket and his girlfriend as the Bug merged onto the freeway, his occupants whooping and hollering as Herbie merged into the carpool lane and tucked in for the journey. Much like his two love-birds felt riding inside him, the Love Bug felt happy as well, and nothing could change that now. The Love Bug had found his home. The End (o(53)/o) ","Summary":" Gloved hands gripped the leather-bound carbon fiber steering wheel, as steely eyes stared straight "},{"Movie":"While You Were Sleeping","Title":"Someone to Laugh With","Author":"Bethofbells","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10387553","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I was just rewatching my favorite romantic comedy ever in the history of romantic comedies, for the billionth time, and I decided, why not write a little fic about those moments when you can clearly see them falling for each other, basically just expanding upon those scenes. Comments are appreciated, I love hearing what people have to say (if you haven't seen this movie, i'm sad for you :P) Lucy? Peter didn't date girls named Lucy. Peter didn't date girls who slept on his parents' living room couch. Peter wasn't interested in sweet brunettes with slightly cleft chins and kind eyes. Jack knew there was something off about the girl from the very moment he'd laid eyes on her sleeping back, delicate shoulders looking surprisingly vulnerable in the glow of the christmas lights. So, he waited for her the next morning. Sitting on the stairs with his coffee and paper, thumbing through the obituaries as she slept quietly in the next room, occasionally a soft snore drifting up to his ears. There was something about the way his kid sister said the word fiance, a little bit of awe mixed with love, as if she'd already become attached to the woman. It fascinated Jack. The kind of women Peter dated had never inspired such instant adoration from his family. So, it was with patient interest that he finished his coffee, and flipped over to the sports section, only glancing at his watch once or twice. He couldn't have told anyone why it was so important that he feel out this Lucy woman, couldn't have said why his heart picked up its beat when he heard the tell-tale sounds of her stirring. She walked right through his line of vision, surreptitiously moving for the door, almost tiptoeing in her attempt to sneak away unnoticed. He took one last swallow of his now cold coffee. \"Good morning.\" His friendly greeting startled her, eking out a surprised yelp, quickly muffled by a hand flying to cover her mouth. Jack felt a smile tug at the corner of his own. There was something about her, an endearing quality that pulled at him when the brief fear on her face was replaced by a sweet smile. Her eyes lit up. \"Oh, you scared me.\" \"Sorry.\" He felt bad? The sensation in his chest was undefinable for him, a breathlessness he hadn't felt since falling out of an elm tree as a child. The breath had been knocked out of him them, his diaphragm refusing to function. It was odd that it was happening now, and even though it had totally been his intention to catch her off guard, make some sort of snap decision about her, he still felt contrite, a little shame settling in his chest for his choice to ambush her. \"Good morning, Jack.\" His name on her lips was the last thing he needed, driving home the last little bit of guilt over his seemingly misplaced doubt. \"Um…\" How was it possible that his brother had dated this woman? Had fallen in love with her? And still somehow not introduced her to him? He felt like he'd missed out on something . \"I guess I don't remember meeting you.\" \"Well, that's probably because we've never met.\" She tilted her head, and for the first time pointed her sweet smile directly at him. There it was again, the breathlessness. He swallowed to eradicate the feeling. \"That might have something to do with it.\" Jack was struck by the sudden need to prolong their conversation, an awkward little chuckle escaped his throat as he fumbled with the coffee mug. Nothing immediately came to mind, so he just stared at her, the smile on her face slowly falling as the silence stretched out. Inspiration struck, and he opened his mouth to invite her out for coffee, a walk down to the nearest diner to have a quick breakfast. What? He needed to get to know his future sister-in-law, right? She was going to be family after all. He was saved, or maybe thwarted (he'd have to decide later) by an impatient honking in the street. Relief washed over her face, glad to have an excuse to end the quietly awkward conversation. \"Ooh… cab. I have to go, um. I'm really late...cause… I have to…go.\" She cleared her throat, edging to the door. \"But, uh, it was nice to meet you. Jack.\" She nodded, continuing to mumble to herself as she escaped, hand on the doorknob. He didn't understand it, but there was something about Lucy, some magnetic field pulling him to her, some invisible rope tied around his waist, the yanked at him when she was about to leave. Some insane voice in his head telling him over and over again not to let her go. He, quite irrationally he would freely admit, felt like he was losing her. He quietly wondered if he'd fallen and hit his head sometimes yesterday, as his legs propelled him off the stairs toward her. \"Lucy.\" Great. Conversational master, at it again. He groaned inwardly, ready to apologize, but she interrupted him, looking exceptionally disconcerted, a frown transforming her whole face. \"Look. I know that I, um…\" Why had he been waiting for her? His mind was blank, or rather, filled completely with something he'd never expected, and whatever small suspicions he'd had about this woman were temporarily tossed out the window. All he needed right now was to know her. He wanted to know why she was so skittish around him, why she needed to leave his parents house so clandestinely. He needed to know more about her, everything about her. He suddenly felt desperate. \"Hey…\" The single syllable word had something of a calming effect on her, her features smoothing temporarily as she looked up at him in inquiry. \"Hmm?\" He liked her. How was that possible in such a short time? He'd never liked any of his brother's girlfriends. The reminder that Lucy was in fact his brother's fiance washed over him, disappointment settling in his stomach inexplicably. Yes, inexplicably, because it wasn't possible to fall for someone in two minutes. Love at first sight was… well it wasn't real, and you most certainly didn't fall in love with your brother's fiance at first sight. Nope. He released a breath he didn't know he'd been holding. \"Welcome to the family.\" Little did he know, that was the one thing he needed to say, the one thing that Lucy so desperately longed to hear. She smiled at him, almost against her own will. \"Oh, thank you.\" It was a short acknowledgement of his acceptance before she slipped out the front door, hiding the smile that had spread completely across her face, but she couldn't resist popping back in to look at him one last time. \"Bye.\" The door shut with a heavy thud. Jack felt a fluttering in his chest, a little grin once again forming on his face. Lucy? Yes, Lucy. His brother's fiance. The smile faded. She was a nice girl. Peter was a lucky guy, aside from the fact that he was currently in a coma, lucky still. Disappointment crept back into jack, seeping into his chest. Damn Peter.[Chapter 2] A/N: I'm having fun writing this little fic, even though almost no one is reading it :P. Jack and Lucy are adorable to me. Jack wasn't the kind of guy to get overly preoccupied with something. He fully ignored the grating sensation in his ears when his dad started talking about the family business, and the claustrophobic feeling enveloping when he thought about the path his life was certain to take. Things were easily pushed to the back of his mind, where they belonged. Lucy was just another one of those things. Hell, he'd only just met her, it shouldn't be that hard to wave away the image her her smiling face, to ignore the dissatisfaction he felt when his mother started talking about Peter and Lucy's impending wedding, completely forgetting the fact that the prospective groom was in a coma. It shouldn't have been hard at all, and yet he found himself thinking of her at the most inappropriate times. It was just normal brotherly concern, he told himself, that led his thoughts to her so often. Really, being out of her naturally warm presence allowed him to look at things more clearly, and while not entirely suspicious of her any longer, he still couldn't shake a curiosity that drove him to ask about her, marveling at the odd sensation of her name on his lips. She just wasn't Peter's type. Not that Peter's type was anything to aspire to, not that Lucy needed to change anything about herself, but Jack seriously doubted that his brother, noted philanderer, would do right by Lucy in the long run. And that made Jack angry, and that anger made him feel guilty. Peter wasn't even conscious, he couldn't defend himself against Jack's silently cast aspersions. Jack told himself to keep his distance, let the chips fall where they would after Peter inevitably woke up. Lucy could figure these things out for herself. It was just that she was so completely alone, from what he'd been told, and he felt like she should have someone looking out for her. But she was an adult, she didn't need him to protect her. Just stay away from her. That was the mantra running through his head as he lowered his foot down on the accelerator, craning his neck as he looked down the street, trying to pick out the building that matched the address in his pocket. He didn't think about what his actions said, how he'd gone out of his way to find out where she lived. He was concerned though, if she was truly in love with his brother, she might not be taking this whole situation as well as she seemed. He lied to himself, pretending concern was what drew him out here. He pulled into an open space, slipping the little piece of paper at his pocket to check the address one more time. It definitely wasn't what he'd been expecting. It wasn't exactly a bad neighborhood, but Peter's taste tended to run expensive, and it was hard to imagine a nice girl from this side of town just running into his brother at some swanky downtown club. Slowly, the suspicion began to creep back into him, although he was yet to compose a credible motive for her possible deception. He was frozen to the spot, a sudden wave of clarity crashed over him followed by burning embarrassment. Concern for Peter was really the last damn thing on his mind. What the hell was he doing? He didn't even know if Lucy actually lived here, and he was searching for her like some deranged lunatic intent on… intent on what? He had no idea what his purpose was. All he really knew, but wouldn't allow himself to contemplate, was that he wanted to see her again, to hear her nervous little laugh when talking about herself. He told himself to put the truck back in gear and go home, but his feet hit the pavement before he could even finish the thought. He cleared his throat, unaccustomed to the strange tightness there. He didn't have to see her, he could do some discreet reconnaissance, leave quietly if everything seemed alright. He looked around for someone to interrogate about his new prospective family member, his eyes lighting on a cartoonish man, grumbling about wingnuts and flailing around with a hammer. He looked like he was from around here, fluffed up hair reminiscent of the last Hawaii 5-0 movie, the look completed by the impossibly thin gold chain fluttering in the breeze against his not so white undershirt. The man looked like he was an extra in Goodfellas or something, his mirrored sunglasses perched on his nose, reflecting the very overcast sky. He folded the paper nervously in his hands, creasing it one extra time before approaching the man. \"Excuse me. Do you live here?\" \"Live here?\" He snorted derisively, reaching up to remove his totally unnecessary aviators, gesturing with them dramatically. \"I own this place.\" Jack stifled the urge to laugh at the ridiculous man. He would bet his left foot that Mr. Hawaii 5-0 didn't even own the hoopty he was intent on pouring oil into.\"Oh, right.. uh, well then you would know the woman who lives in 201.\" \"Know her? I'm dating her.\" The cheeseball adjusted the waste of his pants, tucking his thumbs underneath the belt in an amusing display of machismo. At least it would have been amusing, if Jack hadn't suddenly been accosted by the same inexplicable breathlessness he'd been suffering from for the past two days, this time accompanied by a sick feeling in the pit of his stomach. \"Lucy Moderatz?\" He pointed at the man, the volume of his voice surprising him somewhat. \" You're dating Lucy?\" His voice was tinged with disbelief, a hint of disgusting riding along the syllables. \"Average height, dark hair, Lucy?\" Jack didn't realize it, but his mouth was hanging open. The object of his derision looked at him, extremely offended. \"Yeah. Lucy Moderatz, is dating me, Joe Fusco.\" He set the oil down on the ground, walking up to Jack and crossing his arms. \"You got a problem with that?\" Many times in Jack's life he'd been in this position. Two roosters eyeing each other, sizing up the competition. How could Lucy be with someone like this? This overblown caricature of a man? He stood there silently, for a few minutes, before realizing that Lucy wasn't his to compete over, in any sense at all really. He felt deflated, running his hand through his hair. Shaking his head he backed away from the angry little man, hands up in surrender. \"No problem, man.\" He turned away before Joe could formulate a reply. This little visit had opened up an entirely unexpected can of worms, one that he couldn't deal with right now. It would have been easier if he could just look at this situation dispassionately, but he'd grown surprisingly fond of what Lucy represented. She was warm, open hearted, and from what his family had told him, she was brave, jumping down on the train tracks to save his brother. Hell, if he could have just believed that she was with Peter, she would have been eligible for sainthood, having turned his shallow but charming brother into a faithful monogamist. He'd been cultivating this perfect image of her in his head, and was severely disappointed to learn that Lucy wasn't the person he'd thought. There was also a little bit of guilt mixed in with his disappointment, because he was secretly pleased that she couldn't possibly love Peter. That he had a chance, against this other bozo, this Joe Fusco. Damn it, Peter didn't deserve that either. He thumped the steering with his palm, shoving his wayward thoughts to the back of his mind. He should be more concerned about his own family than some random woman they'd just met. He pulled out into the street, heading for Peter's apartment. He would put Lucy out of his mind, go to Peter's and collect a few things. Maybe having some objects from his own place would help bring his brother back to the world of the living. Lucy was just a distraction right now. He was going to focus his energy on getting Peter back. No more wasting energy on something irrelevant. He sighed. Jack wasn't very good at lying to himself.[Chapter 3] A/N: At some point this little story will stray from canon, but this is not that point. Anyone who comes upon this little fic is strongly encouraged to comment. :D Jack saw stars. Pain, sharp and unrelenting, shot through his head. It wouldn't have surprised him to wake up in a hospital, the second Callaghan brother to be put into a coma in the vicinity of sweet little Lucy. The spots cleared quickly, leaving him hovering over her, hand covering his abused nose. God, she'd gotten him good, the pain reminiscent of the time Peter had walloped him across the face with a baseball bat. Jack still wasn't sure if that particular incident had been intentional or not. Peter was a tough case to read sometimes. But this was Lucy, and there wasn't a shadow of a doubt that it had been an accident. Actually, one could conceivably lay the blame at his own feet, sneaking up on her the way he had. And now, she looked so damned apologetic, fumbling with the ice, he wanted nothing more than to ease her conscience. \"Hey, how'd you get in here?\" It wasn't exactly what he'd intended to ask, but suddenly he was a man who asked questions with fairly obvious answers, ones that would probably inexplicably twist his insides around. She was still flustered, tiny wisps of hair floating gently against her flushed skin as she dipped one more time to pick up the ice she'd scattered across the floor, popping up like a jack in the box to stare at him anxiously. \"A key?\" Of course she had a key to Peter's apartment. It would have been strange for her not to, right? Almost instant, the image of Lucy snuggled up in bed, waking up at some ridiculously late hour, with his smooth operating brother flashed into his mind. It was decidedly unsettling. \"Oh, a key. You stay here a lot, huh?\" Damn, it had been easy to misinterpret the feelings swirling around inside of him before. Finding her oddly likable while still entertaining a healthy suspicion could certainly be credited with the strange fluttering in his chest. But, at this very moment, Jack was accosted by a feeling that was irritatingly familiar. Jealousy. He pulled slightly away from her, focusing on the ice melting in his hand, the cool water dripping down his fingers. He didn't know what to do with it. He certainly wasn't putting it against his face. And she was babbling about something. He hadn't really been paying attention, floored as he was by his sudden realization. He tossed the ice in the floor when she wasn't looking, finally regaining his normal attentiveness. \"... and you know, feed the cat.\" His head snapped up. \"Peter doesn't have a cat.\" The assertion was hastily made, and in all honestly Jack wouldn't have known whether Peter had a cat, a dog, or even some poor neglected goldfish. He hadn't had a lot of contact with his brother in recent years, but it seemed like a safe bet that the high rolling slick lawyer, wouldn't have time for a pet. He felt temporarily vindicated. Maybe he'd been right about little Miss Moderatz all along. Meow. Well hell. The little gray ball of fluff stepped tentatively into the kitchen, and Jack, not for the first time since he'd met the woman standing near him, felt like an ass. It was like a dream to him, one in which he jumped to exactly the wrong conclusions. He shook himself. He couldn't let this one little thing swerve him back to admiring her. It was a lot easier to find her questionable, than to let himself fall even further toward her. She still had some things to answer for. Well, one thing really. Joe Fusco, a rather large and loud thing. He followed her as she gently collected the kitty, setting the food on Peter's polished granite counter. She couldn't have been here long. The oversized trench coat still hanging off her shoulders, a fuzzy scarf still wrapped around her neck. Had she come here immediately after work, concern for the feline the first thing to fill her mind after she punched out? The thought softened him a little, an amused smile on his face as he listened to her baby talk to the animal. He liked observing her when she was unaware. The nervous anxiety that permeated her when she was in close contact with him or his family members evaporated, and he felt like he was getting a glimpse of the real Lucy. She treaded so lightly with the Callaghans, almost afraid that she would be rejected if she relaxed a little. It was strange to him that she could see it. His whole family was already head over heels in love with her. The whole family. His dangerously wandering thoughts were interrupted by the harsh tone of Peter's phone ringing. She didn't seem entirely comfortable in Peter's place, and this was the perfect opportunity to test whether or not she really belonged here. Let's not forget about Joe, ok. \"You gonna get that?\" There was only the briefest moment of hesitation on her face, and he was certain that if he'd blinked he would have missed it, but it was there. She returned to petting the cat, avoiding his gaze. \"Oh no, I'm, uh, gonna let the machine get it.\" The ringing continued as she pointedly ignored it, the animal getting all of her attention, slender fingers slipping through the silky fur. Dragging his gaze away from her delicate hands he reached for the phone. Maybe the person on the other line would be just as surprised that Lucy Moderatz was in Peter Callaghan's apartment. He brought the receiver to his mouth, his back to her. \"Hello?\" \"Hi, this is Martha Andrews, calling from Northwestern Memorial Hospital for Ms. Lucy Moderatz.\" He sighed, once again flooded with the surreal sensation the he was in a dream, making all the wrong assumptions. Turning to her, he held the receiver out in front of him, unable to hide the surprise in his voice. \"It's for you.\" Her surprised, but pleased little smile, tugged at him. A swirling in his stomach distracting him from the fact that she was now completely aware of his intent to unveil her as an imposter of some sort. Her fingers grazed his hand as she took the phone from his grasp. He fidgeted while she talked, glancing around his brother's apartment. It was nice, a little cold, but there was a great view. He could see how easy it would be to bring a woman up here at night, let her look out across the city at all sparkling lights. Murmur some cliche yet romantic words in to her ear. Women would eat this place up. Of course, his thoughts drifted back to the one woman who'd been invading them with regularity. Had Peter done that with her? Wrapped some diaphanous sheet around the two of them while they gazed out the giant windows after making love? The thought irritated him, and he pushed it away quickly, grateful that she was finally done with her phone call. \"That was the hospital. They say it's customary for friends and family to come down and give blood.\" She looked hopeful, as if maybe this was the perfect excuse to get rid of him. She bit her bottom lip, in a way he'd come to notice. Was it a tell? Did she do it when she felt particularly caught out? The only way to find out would be to spend more time with her. Jack found the idea to be more pleasant than he would care to admit. It was in the name of looking out for this brother. That was all. He had to figure out what Lucy's game was. \"Let's go together.\" He wanted to find out all of her tells, to know what made this woman tick. It wasn't to get closer to her peaches and cream skin, to find out if it felt as soft as it looked, or to find out if the little flip his stomach did when she said his name was some sort of fluke. It was just for his brother. It was all really very simple. He certainly didn't want to know if her dark hair would feel like silk slipping through his fingers. The thought hadn't even crossed his mind.[Chapter 4] They sat in awkward silence for a few minutes after she pulled the car out of the parking structure, Jack suggesting gently that she turn the radio on. She raised her hand, hovering uncertainly in front of the collection of knobs adorning the dash, her fingers fluttering in the air as she tried to decide which one to flick. She tested out a few with little effect, frowning slightly as she glanced back and forth between the road and her fingers. Jack reached up helpfully knocking her hand away, a little tingling sensation where his skin met hers. Wordlessly he turned the large knob on the left, tuning in to a local station. She drew away from him, tucking her free hand in her lap. She glanced at Jack from the corner of her eye, a shaky little breath the only thing giving away her nerves. \"Um, Peter…. well, he doesn't like other people driving his car…\" She trailed off, her statement sounding suspiciously like a question. \"I mean, we live close enough…\" He wasn't going to save her from the awkward lull in the conversation, more certain now than ever that Lucy was deserving of his suspicions. She sighed, her shoulders slumping as they drew near the hospital. \"Peter and I…. you see, we…\" She was stammering, a slight flush creeping up her neck as she studiously avoided looking at him. \"We haven't gone out much.\" The words spilled out in a rush. The embarrassment oozing from her every pore washed over Jack in a wave. Had Peter made her feel like he was hiding her? That son of a bitch. Well, not exactly a son of a bitch, they were brothers after all, but still. Why would Peter do that to a girl like Lucy? She was beautiful, and had never displayed anything other than caring kindness toward all the people he'd seen her interact with. Jack suddenly felt guilty, for thinking so vehemently that she wasn't his brother's type, playing into the same thing that had obviously caused her pain in the past. \"Peter can be an idiot.\" She smiled, not glancing over at him again, the flush on her cheeks diffusing over the delicate skin of her ears, a little chuckle escaping her. The sound set Jack's stomach to churning, pleasure thrumming through his veins. Making Lucy laugh could easily turn into a full time occupation if he let it. Finally she hazarded another glance at him, this time catching his admiring stare. He cleared his throat sheepishly. \"Um, I mean, when he's not lying in a coma in the hospital on Christmas.\" He ran his hand through his hair, feeling like an idiot. \"I guess I gotta cut the guy some slack, head injury and all.\" She dipped her head to hide the broad smile flashing across her face. \"Peter's a good egg sometimes.\" They pulled into the parking structure alongside the hospital. \"We've arrived, and without incident I'm proud to say. I can't even remember the last time I drove a car.\" Jack's eyebrows shot up. \"Are you kidding? I could have driven. Do you even have a license?\" She shrugged, ignoring his shocked expression as she scooted out of the driver's seat, heading straight for the hospital entrance. He scrambled after her, slamming the door behind him. She glanced over her shoulder at his advancing figure. \"Of course I have a license… somewhere. I used to drive everywhere back in Wisconsin, but when I moved here, I sold my car. The public transit system here is ace.\" She grinned at him. \"I would know, too.\" He shoved his hands in his pockets, fighting the urge rest his palm protectively along her lower back as they crossed the street. \"Yeah, but that means a lot of walking, and this is Chicago, it can get dangerous at night.\" Her little smile faltered just a little. \"I can take care of myself, Jack. I've been doing it long enough.\" \"Of course.\" They slipped into the elevator, Jack punching the button before she could. He was quiet. He didn't like that Lucy had to take care of herself, not that she couldn't. Obviously she'd been doing just fine, but how had Peter not been concerned with these things? Sure, she didn't need someone to take care of her, but how could Peter not want to do it anyway? They lapsed into silence again, both staring at the numbers as they lit up. The elevator suddenly seemed impossibly small. they were standing close, too close. He could see the smooth skin of her neck just under the collar of her coat, the flyaways framing her face falling down to brush against her lightly fluttering pulse. Jack felt warm under the collar and unzipped his coat. The doors slid open before he could come up with something to say, something to diffuse the tension around them. She strode out into the hall, oversized trench coat flaring around her as she glanced back at him. \"Let's go get drained of our vital fluids.\" She was smiling again, much to Jack's relief, and he followed her out into the hall. He groaned, belatedly remembering his aversion to needles. \"There are far more pleasant ways to accomplish that.\" Her eyes widened, and he snapped his mouth shut. Shit. Now he was thinking of those infinitely more pleasant ways, unable to shake the image of her flushed skin from his mind. He stammered, his fingers once again finding their way into his hair, but she merely laughed, flouncing away from him. Was he drunk? No, this wasn't that kind of wooziness, although there was a creeping grayness around the edges of his vision which was distinctly reminiscent of staring down the second half a good sized bottle of tequilla. This wasn't the same thing. First of all, there was a sweet, definitely not drunk brunette sitting to his left. Second of all, these weren't bar stools they were perched on, but rather half inclined hospital beds, and (even though he dare not look, for fear of crossing the line between consciousness and blackness) he was pretty sure there was a needle sticking in his forearm. Why was he doing this? He heard Lucy's soft laugh and cautiously opened his eyes once more. She wasn't totally unaffected by their hematological past-time. There was a far off look in her eyes, and she was smiling like a small child who'd just been given a very large lollipop. \"Jack, I really like your family.\" He sighed, unable to hang on to his former suspicion. There was fog around him, and he struggled to walk through it. \"It likes you too… I mean, we…\" He trailed off. \"The whole family?\" She suddenly looked shy, and he wanted more than anything in the world to reach across the gap between their beds and sweep the hair out of her face, to run his rough hands along the soft skin of her cheek. Instead he just nodded. She smiled, letting out a little hum before her eyes drifted shut. \"You too, Jack?\" Her voice was genuinely unsure, the question hanging in the air between them. Of course he liked her. He liked her too much, more than a brother should like his future sister-in-law. In fact, 'like' was probably the wrong word. \"Yeah… Peter's lucky to have found you.\" She brought her thumb up to her mouth, worrying at the nail. There it was again, that typical nervousness whenever Peter's name came up. Jack was at a loss for it's cause. \"We'll have to get your picture, for the mantle.\" Even though he'd been fighting it, she'd quickly become a part of the family. She looked at him sharply, tearing her gaze away from her hands. \"O-of me?\" \"No, of you and Peter.\" She smiled, bashfully once again, a little thrill of happiness running through her. His throat tightened a little, as she shook her head. \"I-I'm not that… photogenic.\" She laughed a little, averting her gaze from his. He was swimming again, feeling light headed as her laugh tinkled in his ears. Just how much blood had they siphoned off of him? He stole another glance, taking in the curve of her smile, her sooty lashes splayed against the creamy skin of her cheek when she blinked. Unphotogenic? How ridiculous. \"I doubt that.\" The words came out quietly, and if she heard them she pretended not to. The edges were getting gray again, and now his suspicion of her was fueled by an entirely different motivation. He didn't want her to be Peter's fiance. He didn't want her to be anything to his brother. Even if it meant discovering some nefarious scheme, or something more innocent yet still unpleasant. He didn't care, as long as it meant she wasn't Peter's. He opened his mouth to interrogate her, but a white wall in the form of a nurse's back blocked his line of vision. \"Alright, now I want you to sit here and sip this, or you'll get woozy.\" The nurse's loud instructions clanged against his ears. God, who knew giving blood on an empty stomach resulted in such a hangover-like state? He shook himself, his vision filling with Lucy once again. \"When did you start seeing Peter?\" He couldn't even muster the self awareness to realize his question was a bit invasive, instead just staring at her as she concentrated on the tiny paper cup in her hands. \"September 17th.\" He'd hardly expected her to be so specific. His blood deprived brain struggled to calculate how long that meant she'd been seeing his brother. \"Three months… that's quick.\" \"You have no idea.\" She downed whatever was in the little cup, pushing away from the hospital bed, her balance still a little off, startling the nurse as she snuck away. \"Th-that's fast… too f..\" He was referring to how quickly she'd downed her drink, specifically ignoring the nurse's instructions, but he also thought it was too fast for Peter to propose. If anyone could be called a commitaphobe, Peter would have proudly displayed the title. Even Jack didn't believe in falling in love so quickly, at least he hadn't in the past. He scrambled off the bed, ignoring the protests of the nurse beside him. Obviously Lucy didn't enjoy talking about Peter, and Jack wanted to push the point, wanted her to admit the truth to him, whatever that may have been. He grabbed his jacket, chasing after Lucy. He was able to take three steps before the gray edges around his vision crept across his eyes. The last thought before he collapsed onto the green tile, was that he was pretty sure the fluttering in his chest was getting stronger, and it had nothing to do with blood loss.[Chapter 5] A/N: I'm really enjoying writing this fic. Netflix is probably going to send me a worried email soon. \"Are you ok? You've watched 'while you were sleeping' ten times this week.\" :P I'd be curious to know if anyone is reading this still. I got a couple nice comments, and I really wanted the people who left them to know how much I appreciate it. Jack fidgeted, plucking at the cuff of his shirt, unable to pay attention to whatever game show as currently blasting from the tv in the middle of his parents' living room. Mary kept nudging him when Ox directed a comment in his direction, but he couldn't focus on the inane chatter for more than a few minutes before his thoughts drifted away. There was a restless energy coursing through him, tempered by a burning embarrassment. He'd been such a jerk at the hospital, his need to create a reality where Lucy wasn't connected to his brother had bulldozed any sense of proper had been too much to take, his family casually chatting about Peter and Lucy. The two had become a pair in their minds, one coming up any time the other was mentioned. It made him want to break something, and his one last little niggling doubt about her intentions had jumped out at him. He sighed at the memory. At the very least he'd basically accused her of lying about being with Peter, and at the most of cheating on his comatose brother. Thank God she was so forgiving and sweet, a surprised snort and genuinely amused smile splitting across her face when Joe Fusco's name had passed his lips. He'd known at that very moment what an idiot he'd been, but by that time he was already having an out of body experience, watching from afar as he made an ass of himself. Of course Joe Jr. was delusional. He'd come to that very conclusion already, having met the man once, and yet he'd kept at her, his need to somehow break whatever connection she had to his brother, blotting out his sanity. She had departed fairly quickly after the ridiculous scene. And who could blame her? Jack wouldn't have wanted to be around him either. His ears felt hot at the memory. Mary nudged him again. \"So?\" He blinked, willing away the image of Lucy with her arms crossed, glaring at him. It had definitely been a side of her he'd not been privy to before, finally seeing her personality emerge a bit. It was as though she was finally feeling secure in his family's affections. Except his. He sighed. \"So… what?\" \"Dad asked if you would take Lucy that loveseat from the McGregor's estate, like an engagement present or something, before you go home. So?\" Did he want to see Lucy? No, not particularly, especially not after being presented with irrefutable evidence that Peter and her… well, that they were the ones who had been 'intimate.' When she'd proven the nature of her relationship, his heart had sunk, for the first time feeling the full import of his feelings for her. It was a huge mistake to pursue any kind of contact at this point. But Jack wasn't a bad guy, and he genuinely felt he owed Lucy an apology. He'd been so unrelenting in his mission to unveil some sort of deceit. Now that he knew it was real, whatever she had with his brother, he couldn't help but wonder how she really felt about this whole situation. The doctor's had said that Peter's prognosis was good, no real visible damage on any of the scans, but ultimately it was all up in the air. If she loved his brother, and at this point he had no reason to believe otherwise, she had to be hurting, even if she put on a brave face for his family. \"God, Jack, what is with you? You're like a million miles away.\" This time Mary poked him, none too gently, in the ribs. \"Hey!\" He scooted away from her, casting a halfhearted glare in her direction. \"Nothing.. I'm fine.. Just tired, I guess.\" She narrowed her eyes, clearly not believing what he said, she opened her mouth to say as much but he interrupted her. \"Yeah, I'll, uh, swing by her place before I go home.\" It was fine, really. He just needed to apologize for his idiotic behavior, offer her some sort of familial support. He didn't have to spend a lot of time doing it, just go over there and drop the thing off without asking rude questions. His heart picked up its pace, a little flutter of anticipation in his chest. Damn it. Without further comment he levered himself up off the couch, stomping to the door without making any goodbyes. He paused briefly to collect his coat from the rack in the foyer, shifting in surprise when he felt a hand on his arm. Mary. \"What is it?\" He thought maybe his father had sent her with more instructions regarding his delivery. She smiled up at him, and his currently grumpy demeanor fell away. How had she grown so much? He remembered, with startling clarity, bouncing her in his lap while she drooled happily over some brightly colored toy. \"Jack, are you alright?\" \"Of course.\" \"No, I mean. You've been acting weird today. You were all out of sorts at the hospital, and then just now…\" He chuckled, fighting the urge to ruffle his kid sister's hair. He knew she hated that. He settled instead for drawing her into a quick hug. \"I'm fine. I think maybe I'm running a quart low on blood though. That's probably it.\" She narrowed her eyes, gazing at him questioningly. \"You like her, don't you?\" Jack's mouth fell open, failing to find a response. Mary continued. \"This is weird, with her being engaged to Peter and all, but I think she likes you too.\" Jack's eyes widened at the concerned look on his sister's face. \"Lucy?\" Mary nodded. \"What if Peter never wakes up?\" There was a little quiver in her last words. She loved their brother, even though she'd had relatively little contact with him after he went away for school. Jack suddenly felt like the worst sort of person. \"What'll happen to Lucy if he never wakes up?\" Jack had been wondering the same thing, even though he'd tried his family's tack of pretending nothing bad was going to happen. It was a very real possibility that Peter wouldn't wake up. What then? Would Lucy just fade out of their lives? He hated himself for being more concerned with that than the state of his brother, but in the dead of night, when the weight of his day came crashing down on him, Jack thought about these things. In the fuzzy borderland between consciousness and dreamland, he sometimes thought about what it would be like to pursue Lucy freely, to tell her about all of the strange sensations he felt in her presence. Inevitably though, guilt would come crashing down on him. He couldn't do that to his brother, even in dreamland. \"Peter's going to be fine, Mary. And when he wakes up, I'm sure they'll have a beautiful wedding.\" The words were meant to be reassuring, but he suddenly felt like he was uttering some catastrophic prediction, his voice wavering at the end. \"Maybe you can even be a bridesmaid.\" Her eyes lit up at the mention of the wedding, momentarily distracted from her other concerns. \"Oh, Jack, do you really think she would want me to be a bridesmaid? That would be so cool.\" She giggled, once more her normal teenage self. She waggled her eyebrows at him. \"If Peter doesn't wake up, then you'll have to marry her so I can still be in a wedding.\" She laughed at her little joke, giving her brother one last squeeze before skipping back down the hall to their parents. Why had she said that? Why had she put that image in his head, the one he's been so fervently avoiding? Lucy walking down the aisle toward him, an ephemeral white dress floating around her, a happy flush tinting her creamy skin. She shook his head, angrily threading his arms through the sleeves of his coat. No, he would never see that. With any luck he wouldn't even be around when Peter and Lucy tied the knot. The door slammed behind him as he strode toward the delivery truck, grateful for the brisk air whipping against his skin. Nothing was ever more welcome than that stinging cold, reminding him of exactly what was real and what wasn't.[Chapter 6] A/N: Closing in on my favorite scene. :D As always, if anyone read this, please feel free to leave a comment of any kind. All feed back is appreciated and read with relish. Lucy unlocked the door to her quiet apartment, shoulders slumping as she slipped into the darkness. Her keys clattered in the bowl by the door, a hollow sound she'd never really noticed before. For the first time all day she was alone, the silence wrapping around her like a blanket. It should have been comforting, after a long day of prying but well meaning questions from the Callaghan women. They wanted all the details. Did Peter sweep you off your feet? Has he taken you to Paris? When did you fall in love? And the worst one… How did he propose? Every time she was given the opportunity to recant, to confess her horrible lies, some affectionate pat on the shoulder, a twinkle in an old woman's eye, something would stop her. She didn't want to disappoint these kind hearted people. The fact that they were so trusting, so easily deceived bothered her too. She wouldn't have felt nearly as bad perpetuating the falsehood if they hadn't welcomed her with open arms. Why couldn't they be the kind of people that hassled future in-laws? They were too kind. Except Jack. He had his own suspicions, that was certain, but Lucy wasn't quite sure what those were. She wondered idly if Jack thought she was some sort of gold-digger. The thought made her smile. She was digging for treasure, hopelessly clawing for it, but it wasn't money she was interested in. Peter meant something else to her, something she would be terribly embarrassed to articulate out loud. Lucy should have been angry that Jack had been snooping around, but it was impossible for her to muster any kind of indignation. He was totally on track with his suspicions, and if it had been for the fortuitous encounter with Peter's pencil wielding colleague, her stupid game would have been completely sunk. Still, she found herself smiling. There was something about Jack that drew her to him, and it wasn't the same magnetic pull she felt for the rest of his family, it was definitely a creature of a different sort, the kind that set butterflies to fluttering in her stomach when he said her name, imbuing it with a hint of wonder. The soft, not quite gravelly, tone did the strangest things to her. More than anything though, Jack amused her. Countless times in their short acquaintance she'd felt her cheeks tighten as an inescapable smile spread across her face, a little laugh bubbling up to the surface, warm and tingling as it broke free. How did he do that? He was so bumbling in his attempts to unveil her deception, she found it endearing rather than threatening. Today though, he'd come startlingly close to the truth, even if his evidence had been somewhat off. She snorted, stifling a laugh at the memory of Jack hurling Joe Fusco's name at her. Oh, poor Joey, was it so ridiculous that someone could be with him? As amusing as it was, the information Jack had gleaned made her nervous. She was very close to losing the family she'd gained. She leaned forward, bumping her head against the wall in her tiny foyer. The Callaghan's were not her family. They were nothing to her. She had to tell them the truth and then disengage from this potentially hurtful charade. The mere thought had tears pricking at the back of her eyes, the loneliness creeping up against her back again. A knock on the door behind her startled her from her melancholy thoughts. Who would be bothering her at this hour? She groaned, knowing only one person harassed her on a consistent basis. She reluctantly turned, eyeing the doorknob. If she was going to cut the Callaghans loose, it would probably be best to keep the few people who cared about her. Even if this particular person annoyed the hell out of her. She grasped the knob, and swung it open, Joe's face filling her vision briefly before he pushed past her into the apartment, mumbling something about being 'stood up,' his hands thrown up dramatically to emphasize his point. This was going to be a fun conversation. She shut the door and followed him, casting her eyes heavenward, praying for the patience of a saint. To think, only seconds before she'd actually felt sorry for this unbearable man. XXXX Lucy was frazzled, first Joe's nonsensical rant about icecapades, then Saul inexplicably showing up to let her know that he'd heard everything she'd said to Peter, her mortifying confession to an unconscious man. She felt a little sick, even though he'd assured her he wouldn't say anything. It didn't help. She had no idea what Saul saw in her, or how he could see any merits in upholding this lie, but having a confidante somehow made the whole thing worse. A heavy thump coming from the direction of her closet caught her attention, and she sprinted toward it, flinging the door open. \"What are you doing!\" \"I slipped…\" She tried not to laugh, instead schooling her face into well deserved outrage. Joe was frozen in place, his mouth hanging open, a look of absolute mortification in his eyes. Her delicate dress shoes clutched in his meaty paws, the tips of his huge toes just beginning to slide into them. \"You're trying on my shoes!\" Joe fumbled for an excuse, while Lucy tried to process the scene in front of her. This could very well explain a few things about her neighbor. Her shoe clattered to the floor as he scrambled to his feet, but before he could continue his pathetic explanation, a knock sounded on the door again. For someone who considered herself to be all alone, she sure had a unbelievable amount of people knocking at her door. This was getting ridiculous. This time she called out, not willing to open her door to yet another unwanted guest. \"Who is it?\" \"It's me, Jack Callaghan.\" The deep timbered voice she's been so recently contemplating floated through the paneling of her door. She groaned. This was the last person she needed to see, especially not with this tiny gorilla of a man lurking at her side. She ushered Joe back into her closet, none too gently (he was surprisingly compliant despite his protests), and dashed to the door. She took a deep breath, fidgeting with the flyaways framing her face before she could muster the courage to grasp the knob. Swinging the door open, she felt surprisingly at ease. There was something about Jack that made her comfortable, enough to poke at him a little. Smirking, she said, \"Hi… So, more questions?\" She was secretly pleased by the flash of guilty that momentarily clouded his eyes, and the speed with which that guilt was replaced by a contrite little smile made her feel a little lightheaded. \"No, I have an engagement present for you.\" HIs eyebrows shot up a little when he said the word 'engagement' but he was otherwise able to conceal his previous incredulousness. Damn it. Now she was the one afflicted with a wave of guilt. She looked away from him, picking at the peeling paint along her doorjam. \"Uh...you really shouldn't have.\" She pulled her bottom lip in between her teeth, unconsciously worrying at it. She didn't catch Jack's adam's apple bobbing as he swallowed, or his chest rising as he took a deep breath. \"I didn't. It's from my parents. It's furniture. You want me to bring it up?\" She was a little relieved, although she couldn't pinpoint why it would have been so disappointing for Jack to have gotten her an engagement present. She supposed there was a tiny part of her that liked this little war she had with him, picking at him when she had the chance, and vice versa. She could even feel the warmth creeping back into her cheeks as she looked at him again. \"Oh…\" Her words deserted her, distracted as she was by the air inexplicably crackling around her, by her eyes' newfound tendency to wander to Jack's lips when she thought he wasn't looking. What was happening here? This wasn't the dreamy longing she'd felt when she'd seen Peter the first time, casually strolling down the sidewalk to the train. She'd thought for the longest time that that's what love at first sight felt like, and perhaps it was, but suddenly it felt trivial in comparison to the heady feeling starting to engulf her. Jack's eyes darted back and forth, uncomfortable with the silence between them. \"Uh.. was that Saul I saw leaving?\" Saul? Everyone in this family, friends or otherwise, just had the worst damn timing. Her mouth opened, but before she could utter a innocent denial, a fairly loud thumping noise carried into the foyer. Jack heard it too, his curiosity piquing as he leaned forward a little. \"Was that…?\" The scent of his cologne, something light that reminded her of fresh linens and the cold air immediately after it snowed, wafted up to her nostrils. The man was getting too close, in more ways than one. She uttered the first excuse that came to her mind. \"Cat.\" \"Big cat.\" There it was again, his soft and totally non-confrontational disbelief. She nodded, in the back of her mind cursing this particular 'big cat.' If she came home to a closet full of stretched out shoes, she was definitely having his father take the cost out of her rent. She had to get out of here before Joe came lumbering out into the open, ruining everything. \"Um.. I think you should bring it to Peter's apartment.\" \"You don't know what it is.\" \"Well, you know, anything would look nicer in Peter's apartment.\" She laughed nervously, her fingers once again finding the doorjam. She suddenly felt claustrophobic, and would do anything to escape the confines of her Joe-infested apartment. \"You know what? I'll come with you.\" She quickly slipped out into the hall, staying any further protests Jack may have had. It was only after they'd taken a few steps, Jack's hand unconsciously finding it's way to the back of her elbow where it hovered protectively, that she realized she was still in the company of the source of her anxiety. It wasn't just Jack's suspicion, either, but rather the giddiness that made her breathless sometimes when he dropped his guard and actually smiled at her. It was the soft way he said her name while looking away thoughtfully. She should have been running in the other direction, looking for an escape from this potentially sticky situation, but she was still trapped in the mire of her deceit. Like every decision she'd made since pulling Peter off the tracks, this one was fueled by two things. Her need to keep the Callaghans happy, and her own need to be close to someone. Only, the 'somone' in question had changed, and she wasn't sure what to do about it. She gave in and sank deeper.[Chapter 7] A/N: I thought i would be tired of this by now, but i'm not. :D No one seems to be reading it, buuuuut, I like writing it for my own pleasure. I think it's because I've always wanted someone like Jack Callaghan. Damn romantic comedies for getting my hopes up. This wasn't the first and it won't be the last. He helped her into the truck like a gentleman, letting her grasp his shoulder for support as she clambered up into the high seat. He wasn't sure how he felt about taking her back to Peter's place, being in that particular space with her was probably not a good idea. It definitely wouldn't be good for the jealousy lurking so close to the surface. He really didn't want to feel this way about his brother. But, it was hard to deny her anything, especially when she gazed up at him, eyes sparkling like he held the key to something she really wanted. So, instead of halting things like he should have, offering to make the delivery himself, insisting that she stay home, get some rest, he found himself trotting around the back of the big delivery truck, the wintry Chicago air whipping at his skin as he reached the driver's side door. The handle was icy against his fingers as he jerked it open, hauling himself into the seat next to her. \"This should be quick. I'll have you back home in no time.\" She merely nodded, sliding the buckle of her seat-belt into its home with an audible click. Jack started the truck, grateful that he didn't have to wait for it to warm up, having idled in front of her building for a good twenty minutes before collecting the wherewithal to do what needed to be done. He pulled out of the spot immediately. The sound of the engine humming, an almost unnoticeable catch in the timing, was the only thing to draw Jack's attention from the quiet person next to him. But it didn't hold his attention for long. The silence made him fidgety, reminding him of another ride not so long ago. There was no radio to fill the air this time. He tapped on the steering wheel anyway, in time to some unheard cadence. He felt a pressure in his chest, building like a balloon being slowly inflated past capacity,, trying to push past his ribcage. He knew he should say something, that she was probably still irritated with him for his accusations at the hospital, and rightly so. It was hard to formulate an apology for his actions, when he didn't have a real handle on his motivations. He just blurted it out. \"I'm sorry.\" The words came out on the tail of a long sigh, the balloon in his chest deflating. He tore his eyes away from the street for a moment to look at her, guage her reaction. He lips were pressed together tightly, the corners of her mouth pinching a little. Jack couldn't tell if she was trying not to smile, or thinking of some retort to put in him his place. He was saved from the agony of uncertainty when her eyes crinkled, the smile breaking through to the surface. Relief surged through him, so unexpected that it made him a little breathless and he immediately looked back to the road, pretending to be very interested in the yellow and white marks zipping by them. \"Sorry for what, Jack?\" So, she wasn't letting him off the hook entirely, she wanted to draw it out a bit, get him to rehash his idiotic behavior. That was fine. He supposed she deserved that much. \"For the whole, Joe Fusco thing, back at the hospital. I didn't know what I was thinking.\" She laughed. \"Poor Joey. He's really not that bad. He'll make some girl who really likes muscle cars and poorly dubbed kung fu movies really happy one day.\" He hazarded another glance in her direction. This time she was staring off into the night, her head tilted against the passenger side window, breath fogging up the glass a little with each tiny exhalation. She was so magnanimous with people, even Joe Fusco, who had outright lied to a complete stranger in regards to her. Hell, her acceptance of Jack's apology was proof enough of her willingness to give people another chance. He hated that this was just another thing to add to the growing well of affection he felt for her. He sighed, this time looking back to the road to keep from saying something he would surely regret. She didn't even notice his inability to respond, continuing her thought. \"It's all a big act. He's really just a lonely idiot, too insecure to be genuine.\" She sighed. \"Loneliness makes people do stupid things.\" Jack's breathing faltered once again, hearing the wistful tone in her last comment. Did she regret getting engaged to Peter? Did she regret the whole relationship? He wanted to stop the truck, and grab her, shake her until she admitted this whole thing with Peter was a mistake. She was not the kind of person that belonged with Peter, damn it all, she deserved so much more than a shallow commitaphobe with admittedly good hair. Her words echoed in his ears. Loneliness makes people do stupid things. Was that what he was doing? Was he so lonely that he was actually contemplating stealing his brothers fiance? It was so ridiculous, but he couldn't continue lying to himself. That was exactly what he wanted, and maybe his loneliness did play a part in it. Sure, he had his family, saw them on a daily basis, felt the warmth of their love each night as he hugged his mother, his father's hand clapping him on the back. He was blessed, thanked God each night, saying a rote prayer memorized when he was a boy, but he couldn't say that he didn't feel alone. His big empty house, paid for by the wonderfully lucrative family business, echoed at night when no one else was around. He'd never really thought about the sound of his own footsteps coming down the hall being the only thing he would hear until the next day, when his alarm would blair at six am. That is, until her. Lucy had waltzed into his life, making everything he'd been content with seem so empty. Now each night was a torturous eight hours spread out before him. A time to be bided until he could get up the next morning and promptly leave his cold room. The worst part was the dreams that would inevitably overtake him when he finally closed his eyes. He'd kissed her in his dreams, many times finding the courage to walk up to her and take her face in his hands, to finally feel her soft skin against the pads of his thumbs, her silken hair threading between his fingers. Her lips tasted like almonds and honey in his dreams, the scent of flowers wafting up from her hair as he clutched at her. It was ridiculous. His conscience never quite let him get past kissing her, waking up panting and alone somewhere around three am. The devil's hour. He flexed his hands on the steering wheel, concentrating on keeping his foot steady at the accelerator. No, his newfound loneliness was not going to make him do something stupid. \"I guess I can't blame the guy. In his own weird way he may have been looking out for you.\" He took the last turn toward Peter's apartment, feeling somewhat relieved with the large brick structure came into view. This night was almost over, and he could return to his big empty house. He didn't want to think about the dreams he would have tonight, they were certain to be different than any of the ones before.[Chapter 8] A/N: Scene by scene I carry on. I loooove this pairing. I cannot stop. Eventually I'll get to the end. Who knows when (btw, i have severe writer's block regarding the other currently active fic i'm writing, soooorry :O) As always, comments and reviews are appreciated. :D Lucy stood shivering at the curb, watching Jack grasp the handle of the huge sliding door. He grunted as he hoisted the thing up. Forgetting her criticism of his parking abilities, she found herself observing him appreciatively. For the first time she allowed herself to to acknowledge her attraction to the man. And wasn't it strange? He was nothing like any of the slick corporate type men she'd mooned over so shamelessly in the past. He was just your average Chicagoan with kind eyes, and a soft smile. And, maybe he was a little more than average in certain departments. He certainly filled out his jeans rather nicely. \"Ready for your surprise?\" He looked down at her eagerly, pausing dramatically before saying, \"Ta-da!\" Lucy snapped out of her thoughts, embarrassment coloring her cheeks. Get a grip, Luce. This is highly inappropriate. He's your imaginary fiance's brother. Great, now she was talking to herself. She tried valiantly to refocus her attention. There was a quaint yet beautiful rocking chair filling her vision. So simple really, but something about it spoke to Lucy. It reminded her of her childhood home, sitting down by the fireplace, while her father rocked her, reading to her. \"It's great. It is so great.\" Jack reached for her, innocently offering her his hand. She took it without thinking, and he pulled her up into the truck. She gained her footing, and wondered if it would be insanely weird for her to just keep his hand for a minute. Yes. It would be very odd. She regretfully released him. \"You like that?\" He nodded to the chair curiously. He sounded a bit surprised, standing a bit back from her, watching as she admired the piece of furniture. She smiled. Why wouldn't she like it? It was beautiful, and so obviously handmade, she almost felt guilty about accepting such a generous present, but not guilty enough to say no. Suddenly it was very important that she have this rocking chair. \"Yeah.\" He smiled, this time a little mischievous glint in his eye. Lucy felt warm, the near freezing air not enough to keep the blood from chasing along the surface of her skin. How did he do that? He interrupted her contemplation. \"Well too bad, Ox got you the loveseat.\" He chuckled a little, the smile slow to leave his face as he gestured to the dark green patterned overstuffed piece of furniture. Lucy was almost ok with not getting the beautiful rocking chair, gifted instead with the sound of Jack's laughter, something she'd had little opportunity to hear in the past. \"Oh, I'm sorry.\" \"Don't be.\" He paused, taking a tiny fortifying breath before continuing. \"I made this.\" His words came out like a confession, pregnant with anticipation, as though it wasn't something he shared with people all that often, at least not unprompted. \"You made this? No, you didn't.\" Lucy ran her fingers along the smooth wood, marveling at the polished surface. She could see the seams where the slats fit together, but they were undetectable to the touch. \"Shocking, isn't it?\" He'd made this? For some reason the idea awed her. Who knew there were men out there, attractive single men, who did things like this? She was so used to the power brokers flashing pearly smiles at her while they chattered away on their cell phones, absentmindedly flicking a token under her window as they continued on with their fast paced lives. The 'Peters' she'd allowed herself to become enamored with off and on. She was beginning to realize how silly her infatuations were. \"Can I sit in it?\" He nodded. \"Rock out.\" She laughed at his dorky turn of phrase, eagerly sliding into the seat. Looking up at him, she was struck by an unexpected wave of longing. Here was a man, who made things with his hands, put love and a caring attention to detail into something that he created. He took the time to sand out the bumps, smooth away the defects, stain the wood to an even and beautiful chocolatey hue. She wanted Jack to lean down, smile at her as he gently took her face in his hands. She wanted to know how it felt to have his lips pressed against her own, the slight stubble tickling her skin. She couldn't even push away the longing with thoughts of Peter and his family. She felt powerless against it as an unreserved smile spread across Jack's face, and he bashfully tucked his hands into his pockets, shrugging his shoulders as if none of it were a big deal. She looked away quickly, returning her attention back to the fine grained wood beneath her fingertips. The amorphous attraction she'd been feeling for Jack had suddenly taken on a much more defined shape. Maybe what she was feeling for him was just as shallow as whatever she had felt for Peter, but each time she was in Jack's proximity she felt giddy, a falling sensation flipping her stomach. Was it love? Impossible, wasn't it? But hell, the way he looked down at her made anything seem possible. She rocked back and forth slightly, her thoughts slowly turning back to the object she was supposed to be pathing attention to. It really was wonderful, the kind of workmanship you just didn't see any more. Everyone cluttering their home with poorly made Ikea imitations these days. \"My God, this is great. You should go into business or something.\" \"Well, that get's tricky.\" He drew out the first word, turning to sit on the loveseat across from her. The look of disappointment and indecision that flashed across his features pained her. She'd spoken the words before realizing their full import. As usual she'd stuck her foot in her mouth. \"Oh yeah, working with your dad and everything, right?\" Duh, of course. Now she felt bad, fidgeting with her hands, looking away from him once again. She listened carefully to his response, taking in the extreme sense of familial obligation that Jack had saddled upon himself, feeling like he had to take up Peter's slack, and now that the family business seemed to rest entirely on his shoulders. \"The business was Callaghan and Sons, then it was Callaghan and Son . If I were to leave, it would just be Callaghan. \" Jack's unhappiness was a tangible thing for Lucy, and yet his loyalty to his family, his love for his father was something she understood. That was the thing about having such a large group of people who loved you. It meant there were more people to disappoint, more people who relied on you. She respected Jack, even as she ached for his predicament. \"I would give you some great advice, but I can't say I know a whole lot about familial obligations.\" The air was thick, the atmosphere shifting once again between them. Jack looking at her like she was some china doll he wanted to wrap in packing material. She was the first to break their somewhat intense staring contest, taking a sudden interest in the strap holding the rocking chair to the wall of the truck. He cleared his throat, a gruff little cough finally breaking the weird tension. \"Well, get used to it. You're gonna be a Callaghan soon anyway, so take notes.\" He levered himself up off the loveseat, shuffling around indecisively for a minute, he dug around in the recesses of the truck to find the furniture dolly. He lifted the ugly loveseat, trying fruitlessly to kick the wheeled device underneath it. He grunted. \"As soon as you two say your I-do's, Ma'll be interrogating you about grandchildren.\" Lucy laughed. She was beginning to think more and more about being a Callaghan. She would be fine if she never had a moment's solitude again. She could imagine a few little Callaghans running circles around her as she decorated a christmas tree. One particular Callaghan smiling fondly down on her as she drifted off to sleep at night. Unfortunately, it wasn't Peter she was thinking about, and she wasn't entirely sure if the other Callaghans would ever speak to her again once they learned of her deceit. She sighed. \"Let me help you with that. You're gonna throw your back out or something.\" She lifted one end and the dolly slide smoothly underneath it. \"Perfect.\" He leaned back, proudly eyeing their handiwork. She nodded, watching as he stretched a little, making sure he hadn't actually hurt himself. \"Yeah, perfect.\"[Chapter 9] A/N: I'm loving this. That is all. :D I really appreciate those that have taken the time to leave a comment, it's really encouraging to me. (if you have any suggestions, those would be welcome as well) Getting the sofa up to the apartment wasn't hard. The well oiled casters on the furniture dolly glided smoothly across the marble floor of the lobby, and the tacky green loveseat fit comfortably in the elevator, the shiny steel doors reflecting the upholstery back at Jack and Lucy. They didn't encounter a problem until they reached the door to Peter's apartment. Either the door was smaller than average, or whoever designed the loveseat just wanted to make movers lives unnecessarily difficult. Jack and Lucy maneuvered the thing every which way trying fit through the entrance. Brute force seemed to be the only option left. Jack squatted on the side of the sofa still sticking out in the hall, peeking up over the overstuffed arm to glance at Lucy's flushed face, an amused smile curling the corners of her mouth, the chuckle she'd just let escape still made his ears tingle. \"Why don't you step back for a little bit? I'm gonna try an old trick.\" She stepped back a little, giving him room to do whatever it was he had up his sleeve. He would know when it came to moving furniture, it was his business after all. She crossed her arms, and looked at him curiously. \"What's the trick?\" He looked at her, absolutely serious, his clear eyes giving her a once over before one corner of his mouth hitched up into a smirk. \"Push it really hard.\" She snorted, involuntarily. Jack and levity were a good combination. She could definitely get used to the way his eyes crinkled when he smiled, the way his whole face transformed when he was being silly. Her cheeks ached from trying to suppress a full blown grin. \"Okay.\" He disappeared once again, his head dipping below the arm of the loveseat as he braced his shoulder against it. She waited, expecting something, a sound of some sort at least, but nothing happened. \"Okay, push.\" Then she did hear it, a little puff of air blown out in frustration. \"I did.\" He stood back up, looking at her sheepishly, the smirk still playing at his lips. He shrugged, staring at the furniture in front of him, somewhat perplexed. And there it was again, the little giddy feeling in her chest, a slight fluttering that made her feel like she just had to say something, laugh, make some kind of noise to dissolve the butterflies. She smiled involuntarily, this time drawing her bottom lip between her teeth to control the expression somewhat. \"Do you want me to help you… now?\" She'd learned to tread lightly with men like Joe Fusco, and the constant stream of machismo she encountered each day at the train station. Men's egos were so easily bruised, and she wasn't sure what kind of guy Jack was, but she had learned it was best to avoid those types altogether. She had her fingers crossed that Jack wasn't one of them. He looked at her quizzically, as if wondering what took her so long to volunteer her assistance. Nodding already in answer to her question, he said, \"Alright, a little help would be good.\" Of course he would look at her with a soft expression on his face, the motion of his nodding head setting his sandy blond hair to bobbing. She wanted to run her fingers through it, drag her nails along his scalp as she pulled him toward her. She thought maybe he was the kind of man who would shiver slightly as she tugged along the hair along his nape, a shiver she could feel through his lips against her own. She slammed on the breaks, dropping her gaze back to her crossed arms, feeling a warmth in the pit of her stomach that she hadn't felt in so long. It was like she'd been asleep for years, and was now being woken up in the most pleasant way possible, but it was all to no avail. Nothing could happen here. She swallowed resolutely. \"Okay.\" She wasn't sure if she was answering her own melancholic thoughts, or Jack's request for help. Either way, she leaned forward, grasping the arm of the seat, bracing herself for Jack's signal. On three he pushed, and she pulled, and something snapped. The loveseat went sailing through the open door, Lucy flailing as she stumbled backwards into an unfortunately placed table. She winced as she heard the distinct sound of glass breaking, groaning as she saw the shattered vase, a strangely blue liquid pouring out onto Peter's pristine white carpet. She felt Jack come up behind her, the heat at her back something she couldn't ignore. The warmth of his words skittering along her ear when he spoke. \"I think the sofa should go right there.\" The amusement in his voice triggered her own, the giddy feeling her chest once again making an appearance. A short giggle burst from her lips when she thought of the tacky piece of furniture inexplicably sitting in the middle of Peter's almost hideously modern apartment. \"Sure.\" She stepped forward and started picking up the glass, carefully collecting the biggest shards between the tips her fingers. She inhaled sharply as a fine edge slice along the pad of her index finger. Jack was at her side before she could even say anything, taking the offending glass from her hands and depositing it in the bin before returning to her side. He cradled her hand gently in his own, focusing all his attention on the small little cut. Honestly she'd had papercuts that were worse, but her ability to speak had momentarily abandoned her, the breath catching in her chest completely. Jack pulled her over to the sink, running the water for a second before plunging her finger beneath the stream. They were close, leaning together over the kitchen counter, breaths mingling. She could feel his chest rising and falling against her arm, his body heat seeping through the canvas coat he wore, the scent of his mellow cologne filling her head. It would be so easy to lean into him, tilt her head up slightly and finally figure out just what it would feel like to kiss Jack Callaghan. Jack turned his head slightly and caught her staring. He stared back for a second, thoughts astonishingly similar to Luchy's echoing in his brain. He cleared his throat instead. \"Should have used a dust pan, just swept the whole mess up.\" She nodded, mind jumping around. She didn't even know where to find a dust pan here. Pulling her hand out from under the water, she shifted slightly away from Jack, feeling bereft at the absence of his touch. She focused her attention on her injury. \"Look, it's not even bleeding any more. I think it'll be fine.\" She held up her hand between them, consciously creating a barrier between their bodies, trying to get her own physical response to him under control. Her plan backfired almost immediately when Jack took her hand once again, this time under the pretence of examining her cut. He liked her hands, delicate and soft, so often encased in gloves when he saw her, fending off the cold Chicago winter. He couldn't stop himself, he drew her hand to his lips, brushing a light kiss along her knuckles, allowing himself for a moment to get lost in the feel of her skin against his. When he withdrew, she was staring at him wide eyed. He swallowed. \"Ma always used to do that, when we were kids. She'd say, 'No better medicine than a kiss.'\" He dropped her hand, feeling horribly embarrassed. He couldn't take the soft look she was giving him. Somehow it conveyed a million things and nothing all at once. He spun away from her, mumbling nonsense about falling off his bike when he was a kid. He quickly disappeared through the door to Peter's utility room, coming back with a broom and dust pan. They quietly cleaned up the rest of the mess, Lucy taking a minute to hunt down the cat and feed it before they left. They rode the elevator in silence, things only a little awkward. It could have been worse. She could have pushed him away, appalled that he would take such liberties with her. But her non-reaction was almost as bad. It allowed Jack hope, the last thing he needed in regards to her. Now, more than ever, he wanted Peter to wake up. He wouldn't feel nearly as bad competing for Lucy's affections if his brother were conscious. Here, with hope beating in his chest, he was afraid that was exactly what was going to happen.[Chapter 10] A/N: This chapter's a little longer than usual. Forgive me if I seem to just be writing what happens in the movie. I have a very specific point I want to get to, wherein things will be different than the movie. Also, I just love how simple the movie is, and how much is left up to the audience at certain moments. As always, if you would like to leave a comment, please feel free. I do appreciate anyone taking the time to leave feedback. Jack stared in frustration at his father's truck. He was blocked in, the bumper of someone's sedan very nearly pressed up against the back of it. He blew out a puff of air, flipping the hair out of his face as he racked his brain for a solution. Nothing. \"Hey, Check the meter, see what time they have left.\" Maybe they could wait it out, go back up to Peter's apartment for a while, maybe test out that loveseat. The idea was more than tempting. He told himself it was simply because he wanted to make sure her engagement present was a quality piece, not because he wanted Lucy to take off the baggy trench coat and slip in next to him, curl up on the little sofa while they watched tv. He knew, without a shadow of a doubt, that she would fit perfectly under his arm, her head nestled up against his chin. She chuckled at his hopeful tone. Who was the native Chicagoan here? Surely he knew how the meter's in the city worked. \"Um, it's six, they can pretty much stay here all night if they want to.\" \"All night, huh?\" He knew that, of course. His shoulders fell. So they were stranded on the cold streets of Chicago after dark. He was a little embarrassed by his lack of forethought, and lapsed into awkward silence, staring at the asphalt at his feet. Lucy shifted her weight from one foot to another, keeping up her movement to stave off the cold. Maybe it would be best to just get a move on. She'd gotten entirely too close to Jack this evening, her physical reaction warring with her good sense. \"Um… good night.\" His head popped up, eyes searching her face. She looked a little uncertain, as though maybe she didn't exactly want to leave him. His heart picked up it's pace a little, his traitorous lips twitching up in a half-smile. \"You just gonna leave me here with the truck?\" He gestured to the hulking vehicle behind me. She nodded, her eyes sparkling. She adopted her best matter of fact tone, and looked at him in faux seriousness. \"Basically, yeah.\" \"Well, maybe I oughta walk you back.\" His voice was soft, the kind offer posed more as a question than a suggestion. Lucy could feel the warmth seeping back into her cheeks, and prayed there wasn't a visible blush there. She couldn't let him affect her this way, so she looked away. \"What for?\" \"For protection.\" Protection? Jack wanted to protect her. It was the sensible thing, she knew. As a woman, walking the streets of Chicago at night wasn't the most desirable things to do, and it was his fault that she was in this position, but she still felt a thrill at the words. He wanted to protect her. This is what it felt like to be cared for. Her throat constricted, and she was grateful for the darkness around him. Maybe he couldn't see the surprising sheen of tears in her eyes. She couldn't let herself get used to this. It was only a matter of time before the soft expression on his face when he looked at her was replaced by disgust. Better to cut this out before it went too far. \"Oh no, I'm fine. I'm ok.\" It took a lot to say those words, her heart begging her to just give in for the moment, but she remained steadfast, hoping he would just let it go. He didn't. He continued to smile at her, the brisk night air buffeting his hair, the strands poking out at odd angles. \"Protection for me. I don't want to be here by myself. This is Chicago.\" She laughed. How could she say no to him? He needed her protection from possible threats lurking in the shadows. She pressed her lips together, fighting the smile waiting to come out of hiding. Tucking her hands in her pockets, she turned slightly away from him, silently beckoning him with the motion of her head. \"Okay.\" Letting out a satisfied sigh, he fell in step behind her. There hadn't been a chance in hell that he was going to let her walk home alone. The very idea of something happening to her twisted his stomach in knots, a cold little knot of fear settling in his chest. No, Lucy would not be walking the streets at night alone, not when he was here. xxx The closer they got the Chicago River, the colder it seemed, damp gusts occasionally coming at them. He wanted to feel bad, parking like an idiot so they had to walk, but it was hard to when he had Lucy strolling beside him, the Michigan Avenue Bridge in the distance, lights twinkling. The city was so beautiful at night, especially this time of year, lights still strung in the trees along the walk. He looked back down at her, enjoying the way her eyes seemed to be lit from within as she took in their surroundings. She tucked her gloved hands under her arms, drawing slightly into herself, and a little bit of guilt found its way back into Jack. \"You look cold.\" She turned to him slightly, attention drawn away from whatever had produced the dreamy expression on her face. \"Huh?\" Her cheeks were pink from the chilly air, her hair falling from the confines of her tie just a little, framing her face perfectly. \"You look…\" Beautiful. It hit him unexpectedly, although he didn't know why. It's not like he'd never noticed how attractive she was, but suddenly her beauty was a tangible thing washing over him, trapped as he was by her direct gaze. \"... cold.\" She laughed, the bright sound he'd began to crave filling his ears. \"Probably because I am cold. How about you?\" \"This jacket's reversible. I'm wearing the warm side now.\" He cringed inwardly. He said the lamest things around her in an effort to make her laugh. She should have rolled her eyes at him, ignored his bungling attempts at humor, but instead she laughed again, this time an almost girlish giggle escaping her parted lips. \"Oh, I see.\" He stepped back a little, for the first time really looking at the oversized coat she always wore. It was old and worn out, and much thinner than winters in Chicago warranted. \"You need a better coat.\" Concern tinged the edge of his words, revealing yet again his instinctive need to look after her. Lucy's gait slowed to a stop and she turned toward him, eyes full of affection. For him? \"This was my dad's.\" Her voice was soft, yet happy, as she finger the lapel of the trench coat. The love shining in her eyes wasn't for him, it was for her father. Jack mentally made himself take a step back. Reign it in, buddy. He tried to get back to familiar territory. \"Ah, then he's probably freezing.\" \"He passed away.\" She was quiet, three little words so incredibly weighted. It wasn't quite pain that he heard in her voice, but something much more layered. Regret, love, resignation. He wanted more than anything to pull her into his arms. Instead he offered her a stilted apology. \"Sorry.\" \"It's not your fault. He passed away last year. I don't even remember my mom.\" Again, her voice carried a complex tapestry of emotions, and Jack wanted nothing more than to gather her up, promise that she didn't have to be alone. He was falling so hard, so fast, it scared him a little. He should probably just let this go. Finding out more about her was doing nothing to keep his burgeoning affection in check. \"Well, what was he like?\" So much for letting it go. He looked at her expectantly, somewhat afraid that she might not want to talk about this as they walked alongside the river, the grief possibly being too fresh to bring out in the open, but her expression lightened somewhat, the smallest of grins curving her lips upward. \"He was a lot like me. Dark hair, flat chest.\" He laughed, the sound pouring out of him in relief and amusement as she cast a sidelong glance in his direction. He was beginning to understand why she laughed at all of his lame jokes, apparently they're sense of humor was very similar. He probed further. \"What do you remember most about him?\" As they continued to walk, their hard soled shoes tapped out a pleasant rhythm along the pavement. Jack settling into this comfortably slow pace, taking in the other pedestrians enjoying the beautiful night, one couple in particular enjoying it more than most, pressed up against the railing, kissing as though no one else existed. \"Oh that . Okay.\" She giggled, feigning sudden clarity. \"Um, well, he liked maps.\" \"Yeah, I live by maps, my truck's filled with them.\" His reply was slightly distracted, glancing once more at the couple along the railing, before looking at his surroundings again. He supposed this was a pretty romantic spot, especially at night like this, all the twinkling lights, the cold air encouraging couples to seek warmth from one another. If Lucy were just some girl he'd met on the train, some sweet passerby he'd struck up a friendly conversation with, and they'd ended up out here, would that have been them against the railing? He knew the only thing stopping him from pulling her aside and wrapping his arms around her was Peter, and with each passing second his restraint dissolved a little. She continued to talk about her father. \"He used to hear of a place on TV, we would pull out the atlas, we'd find where it was, and we'd route out this like, little way to get there.\" The image of little Lucy, her dark head inclined toward her father's as they poured over a giant atlas filled Jack's mind. A little bubble of warmth forming in his chest as he tried to picture what she looked like as a child, what her children might look like. She was smiling as she recounted the places they'd planned to go. \"If there were one place in the world you'd go, where'd-\" Hopping up and down, she interrupted him. \"Florence!\" The lights in her eyes intensified, her excitement bubbling up and out of her as she bounced on her heels. He stopped briefly to look at her, enjoying the pleasure on her face. Bashfulness crept back into her as she realized how enthusiastic her reply had been. He didn't think he'd ever get tired of seeing her like this, of hearing her chat about the things she loved. \"Italy. Oh, I haven't delivered any furniture to Florence yet, but I'm told it's nice.\" \"Yeah.\" She sighed out the word, the dreamy expression returning once again to her eyes. \"I take it you've never been there.\" Something told him Florence was a dream for Lucy, something she thought about sitting in the booth at the train station, a far off fantasy. \"Well, you know, the El doesn't exactly make it all the way to Florence.\" No, it certainly didn't. Did Lucy feel trapped here? Chicago was his home, but there had always been a part of him afflicted by wanderlust, something he'd never been able to give in to. Too many responsibilities. Jack didn't really know what to say, too afraid that his own disappointment would bring the conversation to a grinding halt. Luckily, Lucy saved him from his thoughts. Excitedly, she said, \"Oh, but I do have…\" She paused, digging through the bag draped across her front. Clutching tightly to a small square object, she withdrew her hand, dramatically waving it in front of him. \"...my passport.\" \"You- you have your passport… with you?\" He pulled his gloveless hands from his pockets, taking the thing from her. He laughed. Her enthusiasm was so endearing. \"Well, just in case I quickly need to leave the country, you need a -\" He laughed at the image of Lucy fleeing the country, dark Jackie-O sunglasses perched on her nose, a black scarf wrapped around her head.. \"Yeah that's perfect. It's great.\" He weighed the little booklet in his hand, opening it to flip through it's pages, finally settling on the one with her face gracing it. She smiled broadly at the camera, displaying a dimple on one cheek. She was glowing really. Here was a person who could see the world laid out before her, ready to get on with it. He smiled. \"Oh, you're right, you're not very photogenic at all.\" He couldn't resist ribbing her, feeling rewarded when her mouth dropped open, a little huff of indignation escaping her lips as she snatched the passport from his grasp. He raised his hands in self defense, fending off her ire. \"Just joking.\" The indignation was quickly replaced by her laughter. Jack marveled at it, only one small niggling thought in the back of his mind holding back his ability to share in her mirth. \"They're aren't any stamps in that.\" Lucy's face fell when the tentative statement registered. \"Yeah, well, I haven't gone anywhere yet.\" Wistfully she tucked the passport back into her bag. The slight tremulous quality in her voice tore at Jack. \"But, I'm planning a trip to Florence really soon, so you know, I'll go.\" Somehow he got the feeling that she'd been planning this particular trip indefinitely, and it made him sad, but he wasn't sure how to bring it up. He steered the conversation back to somewhat safer waters. \"That'll make your dad proud.\" \"Yeah.\" She nodded, thinking about all the trips they'd planned and never gotten to. It had been so long since she'd talked to anyone like this. Her father had been the last person to ever express any real interest in her life. She glanced up at Jack, finding that talking to him wasn't hard. There was an easiness about being with him, as though she'd known him for years. \"You know, in a very small way, you kind of remind me of him…\" She held up her hand, holding her index finger and thumb about an inch apart to indicate exactly how much. \"...a little bit.\" \"I see.\" His head snapped up in surprise, a smile playing on his lips. He liked the idea. From what he could tell, she'd loved her father very much. He was definitely not averse to being associated with such a man. \"So, he was a classy guy, always a gentleman.\" A gentleman. Jack swallowed. Upstanding guys didn't try to steal their brother's fiances. He pushed the naysaying voice out of his head \"... A working man who-\" \"Who just stepped in dog poo.\" She snorted, backing away from the offending substance. \"Oh!\" Whatever heaviness there'd been in the air between them suddenly evaporated. Jack scraped his foot along the pavement, the juvenile humor of his situation taking over, as Lucy burst into a gale of laughter. He found it impossible not to join in. Between gasps, Lucy reached forward, pulling him away from that side of the pavement. He liked the feel of her hand on his elbow. They picked their pace up, the cold seeping in through their clothes. She leaned into him, this time threading her hand through his arm. \"Let's get a move on before we freeze to death.\" Jack nodded, high on something he'd never felt before. They marched off in the direction of her apartment, chatting aimlessly about different things. He wanted, no, needed, to know everything about her.[Chapter 11] A/N: whoa, it's been a while since I updated this. I promise I haven't forgotten about it. As always, reviews and comments are appreciated like crazy. I love hearing that people are reading the things I write. They walked in comfortable silence for a few minutes, Jack tucking his hands down in his pockets, shoulders hunched against the cold. This part of Chicago was surprisingly quiet at night, the dark and freezing temperatures sending the city's residents huddling into their cozy little homes. He glanced at Lucy, unable to keep his gaze away from her very long, his throat catching a sigh before it escaped. Just as he was about to look away she glanced up at him, pinning him with a mischievous look. \"Ok, your turn.\" \"My turn?\" Suddenly he was nervous, and he couldn't pinpoint why. What would she ask? Surely her questions would revolve around Peter. \"Yeah. You know way more about me than I know about you. Time to dish out the goods.\" He picked up his pace a little, hoping she would match it. Talking about himself wasn't something he liked to do under the best of circumstances, and fielding questions about his brother wasn't something he looked forward to. \"Ask away.\" The response came out a little more gruffly than he'd intended. She frowned, but increased her pace anyway. \"Well… Have you ever thought about leaving Chicago?\" \"I can't leave… too many… obligations.\" He felt hot under the collar, in spite of the frigid air beginning to whip around him. Swallowing, he attempted to dislodge the lump that had settled in his throat. \"Ok, but have you ever thought about it?\" Had he thought about it? Constantly. But it was only in the way you thought about things that would never happen, some hazy fantasy that gets more and more outlandish the longer you think about it, the shackles of reality having no bearing on it, since it could never happen anyway. No one knew. \"Uh, yeah, sure… I've thought about it.\" \"You're gonna have to be more specific.\" \"Well, I mean, it's not Florence…. but I've always wanted to just take my truck and travel all over the country, looking for interesting pieces, techniques. Visit some of the traditional workshops that still exist in New England.\" He momentarily forgot his discomfort. \"There are twelve defining periods of American Furniture making, Pennsylvania Dutch, Federal, Shaker… Looking at original pieces first hand would be just…\" He trailed off, feeling the color rise to his cheeks. He was getting a bit carried away. His hand slipped out of his pocket, finding it's way to the back of his neck in embarrassment. \"Anyway, I guess I've thought about it.\" She laughed, the sound like spiced honey pooling in the pit of his stomach. \"So you have.\" The sigh escaped this time. \"A lot of thought and no action. I guess it's a good thing you're engaged to Peter and not me.\" The wistful words tumbled out before his brain had time to process them. He nearly choked trying to clear his throat. \"I mean, he'll probably take you to Florence for your honeymoon or something… He's always taking off and going places.\" His heart fluttered in his chest, suddenly filled with panicked worry that he'd revealed too much. Her eyes widened before she looked away from him, suddenly finding the cracks in the sidewalk fascinating as her cheeks grew pink. \"I guess Peter isn't really tied down to anyone, huh? Not the settling down type.\" He stammered, suddenly feeling like he should tread lightly. Peter was just incredibly self involved. He had been his whole life, and Jack didn't bear him any ill feelings for it. It's just the way he was. But it was really hard to look at Lucy and say these things. He wanted Peter to be different, if only for her. \"Um, he's just… I mean…\" She smiled up at him sadly, her lips parted slightly, as though she wanted to say something. Her mouth snapped shut and she trudged on. \"I'm sure he'll feel differently… with you.\" How could he not? Jack couldn't imagine Peter having Lucy at his side, having her in his bed, in his home, and not feeling inextricably connected to her. In the short time that Jack had known her, he'd come to the conclusion that her warm presence was something of an opiate. Every night he went home, shucked off the day's stress, and told himself: No more Lucy. It was a useless mantra. His house seemed too big, full of rooms he'd probably never use. He'd been hopeful when he bought it, picturing a herd of children running through the halls, big family dinners with aunts and uncles and cousins. It seemed like an unlikely future these days, but he'd never been afflicted by the ache that filled his chest now. Lucy made it seem so possible and yet impossible at the same time. It wasn't a feeling he liked. He was overwhelmed by the suddenness of it all. \"Would you?\" Her question was spoken softly, and Jack barely caught it before the wind swept it away. His feet stopped moving, shoes seemingly filled with cement. She continued on for a couple steps before realizing how far he lagged behind. Jack felt breathless. It was as though she'd read his mind. What the hell was her game? This wasn't fair. There'd never been a time in his life when anyone had ever picked Jack over Peter, given the choice. She twisted around to stare at him, a little smile gracing her porcelain features, one corner of her mouth hitched up. \"Hypothetically, of course.\" He relaxed, hearing the playful note in her voice, and quickly caught back up with her. \"Well, hypothetically, I suppose your ability to find my family's annoying quirks endearing would be a plus.\" He paused, raising both of his hands to make an imaginary frame. \"And I think I may have been mistaken before. There might be a few photogenic traits on that face.\" She shoved at him. \"Hey, you'd be lucky to have this face passed on to your children.\" She snorted, raising on gloved hand to her nose. \"Although, maybe they'd be lucky to get your nose.\" He chuckled. \"Hey, wait a minute, let me see.\" Drawing her hand away from her face, he studied the line of her nose, noting the creamy texture of her skin. Oh this was bad. He felt himself falling, the rug being pulled out from under him. He took a shuddering breath and refrained from brushing her skin with his knuckles. \"Yeah… my nose would be the best option.\" She pulled away from him, laughing breathlessly. \"I'll have you know, Eddie Zachary thought I had the cutest nose ever in the fifth grade.\" \"Did he suffer from undiagnosed myopia? For all I know kids in Wisconsin don't wear glasses.\" She rolled her eyes at him, setting warmth coursing through him yet again. He'd never have guessed it was the coldest night this winter, his blood heated as it pumped through his veins. They were nearing familiar surroundings, the brick edifice of her apartment building coming into view. He loathed the idea of seeing her home, returning to his lonely house. \"Alright, tell me more. Where did you grow up?\" She rubbed her hands together, tucking them up under her chin for warmth. Her eyes peeked up at him from beneath long sooty lashes. \"God, you've just become Mr. Chatty this evening.\" It was true, they'd never spoken quite so much. Jack suddenly felt self conscious, his cold fingers making their way to the hair at the back of his neck yet again, a nervous tic he'd developed recently. \"The fact of the matter is, I'm about to start shivering and making conversation keeps my face from freezing.\" Her tinkling laugh echoed in his ears. God, he'd never get used to it. Freezing was the least of his worries, a pleasurable heat tingling on his skin each time he heard the sound. They slowed to a stop, standing awkwardly on the sidewalk. This was the moment he'd been dreading all the way, and he couldn't help but drag the toe of his boot along the patches of ice on the pavement, silently stalling. If the feeling in his chest was any indication, he'd been transported back a couple decades, fifteen years old again, at the end of his first date. Every cell in his body wanted to give her a goodbye kiss, the electric impulses darting from his brain to his spine, racing along all the nerves in his body. He clenched his jaw. That would be a stupid move, one that it would be impossible to come back from. Even if it were possible to write one kiss off as an impulsive mistake, Jack knew he'd never be able to stop at just one kiss.[Chapter 12] A/N: To anyone who still reads this, you have my deepest apologies for the length of time between updates. It sort of got lost in the shuffle there for a bit, although we're coming up on that lovely time of year, the air is so cold it hurts going into your lungs, and there's a faint tinge of woodsmoke on the air. It's time for me to get lost in my favorite Christmas Rom/coms... So here we are again. I hope anyone who reads this enjoys the update, I think they'll come a little more quickly now. Lucy shuffled awkwardly, wondering just exactly what she was supposed to say to the man who had insisted on walking her home. 'See ya' seemed far too perfunctory an end to such a revealing evening, but what else could she say? Suddenly feeling shy, she looked up at him through her eyelashes, grateful for the bracing cold, a perfect excuse for the color rushing to her cheeks. \"Thank you.. uh. I had a good time.\" Jack's smile was something to behold, surprise sending his eyebrows shooting up. The expression made her feel breathless. He looked like a little boy who'd been praised for his school work, the cold air seeming to have the same effect on his cheeks as hers. \"Oh…\" He quickly turned his immediate attention to the sidewalk in front of him, his naturally chivalrous nature giving him an out for this awkward moment. \"It's slippery here.\" His hand involuntarily shot out toward her, palm up in an offering of support. She grasped it, noting how his strong fingers wrapped around her gloved hand, his bare thumb brushing over her knuckles. There were probably calluses on his hands, little ones on the pads of his fingers maybe, a few at the top of his palm from working with wood on a regular basis. Her mind began to wonder, idly thinking about how callused hands felt touching pulse points. She adamantly pushed the thought from her brain, shaking her head a bit as she cleared her throat. \"You gonna go see Peter tomorrow?\" She couldn't help but wince as his brother's name crossed her lips, but she felt the need to remind herself, and maybe Jack too, of the situation that she'd placed them in. He faltered at the question, losing his balance slightly when his head jerked up to look at her. It was unfortunate timing, the heel of her shoe catching zero traction as it came down. Yelping in surprise, her legs shot out from under her. Bracing herself for pain, Lucy squeezed her eyes shut, but it never came. She didn't bust her ass on the cold sidewalk, instead finding herself cradled, albeit awkwardly, in Jack's surprisingly strong arms. They both slipped around on the frozen surface, desperately trying to regain their footing. She spun around and found herself clinging to his arms, caught in an awkward looking waltz. She started laughing, the hilarity of their positions dawning on her as giggles began to spill from her lips. She couldn't imagine what anyone watching from inside the building must think. Their feet began to slip again, and suddenly she heard Jack's strangled laughter mingling with her own as she struggled to pull her back up against him. It felt good to her, to release whatever stress she'd felt that day in a gale of laughter, a few tears of mirth slipping down her cheeks. Finally he had her back up again, nose to nose, their pants mingling as the merriment died away. Not for the first time she wished she could figure out just exactly what cologne Jack wore. The smell was beginning to be something she consciously searched for when they were close, that clean yet masculine scent clinging to the edge of his collar. Tamping down the urge to sniff at him conspicuously, she made an effort to breathe normally. It didn't help that he was looking at her in a way that she couldn't define. A sadness that made the breath in her chest catch, her heart leap into her throat. He looked so damn hopeless and yet hopeful at the same time. Was that even possible? His eyes darted down, and she swallowed at the thought of raising up on her toes to meet his own, the heat of his gaze settling in a warm tingle on her lips. She slipped closer to him, enjoying the feel of his arms flexing instinctively to brace her. His gruff voice cut through the tension. \"Are you alright?\" She nodded, and could feel him wrap his fingers around her arms and push her away. So that was it then? She cursed herself. Of course that was it. What else could there possibly be? She turned to walk away, carelessly ignoring the lack of traction beneath her soles. The motion caught them both off guard and sent them flying into a heap, a distinct sound of ripping fabric filling the air. \"What was that?\" She snorted, the pain in her backside a minor thing compared to the hilarity of the picture they made. She could feel the laughter bubbling up in her again, this time for the utter ridiculousness of their situation. Scrambling to her knees she gave herself a cursory once over, looking for a tear. \"Was that my pants or my muscles?\" Jack's awkwardly phrased question was too much. She covered her mouth in a fruitless effort to restrain her amusement as he clutched at his backside in pain. It was suddenly the funniest thing she'd ever seen, another inelegant snort spilling out yet from between her gloved fingers. She crawled to the edge of the ice, gasping between giggles as she turned back to pull Jack behind her, his weight negligible against the slippery ice. Finally making it to the heap of snow beside the slick sidewalk, they both scrambled to their feet, dusting snow off as they regained their breath. Jack snuck a glance in her direction, laughter still dancing in his eyes, even as the sound receded. He would rip every single pair of jeans he owned if it would make her laugh like that, if it would make her smile at him like that. He dusted off his backside, not minding the cold draft there at all. He found himself reaching for her as she walked away, some thread dragging him along. \"You don't have to follow me.\" She looked back at Jack, the irrepressible grin on his face setting her stomach to flipping. A nervous little laugh escaped weakly and she turned away before he could see her face. \"You block the wind.\" There it was again, a lame joke sent her gasping with laughter. It wasn't what he said. Joe Jr. could have said the same thing and she merely would have rolled her eyes and waved him off, but the manner in which Jack said it, the sweet yet self deprecating tone he used with her, it sent warm honey pooling in her stomach. The already present euphoria in her limbs as she dusted the snow off her trench coat set to work traversing the rest of her body. Her heart was still in her throat, the memory of Jack pressed impossibly close still playing like a skipping record again and again in her brain. The giddiness pervading her didn't abate as she trudged back toward her building. She could feel his hand at the small of her back, guiding gently, somehow the heat of his touch traveling through all the layers of clothing to send a warm tingle along her spine. Stopping abruptly, she turned back to look at him, the pleasant glow fading away as she observed him. How had she failed so miserably? Jack had been here all along, trudging away in the city while she'd taken tokens from busy commuters. How had she missed him? It seemed so unfair. Eyes misty, her throat began to close up a little and she aggressively cleared it, having no room in her for useless emotion. They were standing unnecessarily close, and she could see Jack's breaths puff out in the frigid air, the moisture freezing into a white cloud seconds after escaping his lungs. She could see the way his eyes reflected the street lamps, the brightness not entirely attributable to city's lights. Something swelled up inside of her, a longing that hadn't washed over her in years. She could tell Jack sensed the change in her, a straightening of his posture indicating perhaps the same change in himself. She wanted so badly to cross the small gap between them and tuck herself into his arms. The ache was only worse now that she knew what it was like to be held so close, to draw in the warmth of his body while her nose picked up the notes of his scent. Not for the first time in her life she wished she was someone else, someone Jack could lean down to and kiss gently, their cold noses bumping together as their hearts beat in sync. But no, she was Lucy Moderatz, liar extraordinaire. She'd turned herself into the one person that would never feel Jack's soft but firm lips tugging at her own. She'd never feel the stubble of his jaw tickle against her skin as he dropped kisses here and there. Thank god they'd lost their precarious balance and fallen in a heap, because she had been so close to throwing caution to the winds, so close to reaching out and taking what she wanted. She opened her mouth to thank him, for what she wasn't sure. He beat her to the punch, running his hands awkwardly through his hair. \"Lucy?\" His voice broke slightly on the second syllable, bellying a nervousness that until that very moment Lucy had been unsure of. Taking it as an invitation she stepped forward, threading her arms through his, settling herself into a genuine hug. He reacted poorly at first, standing with his arms akimbo, her face pressed against his heart, thin flannel the only barrier keeping her from it's even thuds. She felt the blood rush to her face, embarrassment flooding her so completely she couldn't move or speak. She wished the ground would open up and swallow her. It was too much. Just as she regained what little pride she had and began to pull away, she felt his arms tighten around her, his chin drop to rest on top of her head. They clung to each other in the quiet, listening to the sounds of the city around them, hoping that time could just stand still for a moment. It was so much like coming home as she burrowed her face into his shirt, his hand cradling the back of her head, patting at the silken locks she'd swept into a messy bun. He dropped a feather light kiss on her crown, almost in a brotherly way, and her heart sank. His touch was sweet, consoling even, but she couldn't read anything more in it, and cursed herself for risking so much just to be held by him. Schooling her features into a semblance of normalcy, she pulled back, ignoring how exposed she felt without the shelter of his arms. \"Thanks, Jack.\" He nodded, his adam's apple bobbing as he swallowed. \"I'll wait here till you get in side.\" Her chin dropped in a curt little nod, accepting the end of their interaction and turning slowly back toward her building.[Chapter 13] A/N: Slowly but surely I'll get this one finished. Here's another chapter, this one the result of a very quiet New Year's Eve. I hope everyone had a wonderful year and that the next one is even better. Thanks so much for the recent feedback, it really means a lot to me. A buffoon, a nitwit, a moron, a putz… there were only so many ways Jack could call himself a fool, each time hoping that the feeling spreading through his limbs as he walked away from Lucy's building would disappear. He needed to believe that the bottom falling out of his stomach, the weightless sensation when he looked at her, the damn near irresistible desire to spin on his heel and dash after her as she slipped through the swinging door were all the result of an extreme bout of foolishness on his part. He couldn't live with the idea that this attraction he felt wasn't one sided. If she felt the same way, it would kill him. She was effectively trapped by the situation they found themselves in, and he ached at how conflicted she would be if she truly had feelings for him. She was engaged to his brother. But he couldn't believe that she felt nothing, not when she'd hugged him so tightly in the shadow of the large brick building. She'd pressed her flushed cheek up against his chest like she wanted to feel the beating of his heart. He could still feel the way her arms had banded around his rib cage, so tightly that if he'd still been breathing, it would have been difficult to draw in a breath. Jack kicked a piece of trash that had blown onto the sidewalk, grunting in satisfaction as the errant object sailed into the ditch. His hands crept down into his pockets, chin ducking down into his collar. It was damn cold, the wind stinging his cheeks painfully as he trudged along. A part of him welcomed the discomfort, feeling like he deserved punishment of some sort, the long walk a kind of karmic comeuppance. It didn't seem possible, but the city was even quieter than before, the bare bulbs of tall streetlamps lighting his seemingly interminable path. As he passed under each pool of light, inching closer and closer to his equally quiet home, Jack began to pray. Little prayers, memorized rotely as a child, begging for patience and understanding when he really just wanted answers. He'd been taught never to ask God directly for things, but merely to pray to be a better person, to find within himself the answers to the biggest questions, but he was coming up blank. There didn't seem to be any real explanation for the way he felt about Lucy, or why the hell she'd only shown up in his life when she was so clearly unavailable. How many times had he slipped tokens to some quiet girl before getting on the El? Had it ever been her? He turned, finding the street he lived on, houses still strung with multicolored christmas lights, icicles dripping from their eves like thick sugared icing. The windows glowed with the soft yellow light, families sitting together in the living rooms and enjoying the rest of their holiday. Jack could have gone home, sat ensconced between his mother and sister on the floral print couch (a steal from the latest estate sale). But he didn't want that. The guilt weighing heavily on him would not go unnoticed, at least not by his strangely perceptive little sister, or even his often distracted mother. They would know, maybe not its source, but they would know something was wrong. He couldn't sit and be accosted with a barrage of well meaning and even affectionate questions. He was in love with Lucy and terrified that he would blurt it out at the least provocation. It was a thought he'd voiced to himself only in the quietest of inner thoughts, feeling its barely contained power to send everything in his life tumbling into disarray. Closing in on his house, Jack slowed, not wanting to walk through the door. There were dozens of things he could occupy his hands with, unfinished pieces in his garage that should really be attended to, dishes sitting in the sink that needed to be washed, even laundry that needed to be done. None of it would be distracting enough. The thoughts would just circle in his brain until they began to ferment and fester. He needed to set them free, whisper them somewhere and then forget about them. Reaching in his coat pocket, he jangled the keys, weighing his options. He could drive over to the church, rouse some poor priest from a well deserved rest and beg him to take a confession or at least just talk. The very idea stopped him in his tracks. Maybe he wasn't ready to tell anyone yet, to hear the almost certain advice that would fall on his ears. He wasn't ready to let the idea of Lucy go. Jack got in his truck anyway, keys slipping easily into the ignition. The engine turned over smoothly, roaring to life almost immediately. It was an old clunker, but he took good care of it, checking the fluid levels on a weekly basis, cleaning the valves. He took pride in knowing what every sound issuing from the beat up pickup meant. Perhaps it was a testament to how truly distraught Jack was that he pulled immediately out of his parking space, not sparing any time for the vehicle to warm up. It chugged along, only protesting mildly at being forced out into such a bitterly cold night. Jack was going to talk to the one person who needed to know how he felt. It was a happy coincidence that this person also happened to be utterly incapable of responding. When he got to the hospital, the corridors were empty. This particular wing ran on minimum staff, especially during the holidays. The long term patients' needs were easily maintained by the small group of nurses and doctors that rotated in and out each day. Jack crept along, not wanting to disturb anyone, but wishing even more not to catch any of the nurses' attention. Slipping into the dimly lit hospital room, he stood awkwardly at the foot of his brother's bed. It was so strange to see Peter in stasis like this, the expression on his face unchanging as the days passed. Each time Jack visited he fully expected Peter's eyes to simply fly open, for his mouth to spread into that charming grin that always knocked away everyone's defenses, and each time it didn't happen a little part of Jack worried that it never would. He'd been so determined to lay everything out for Peter, to release this weight sitting so heavily on his chest, but standing here in front of a comatose man made it all seem so trivial. Peter's life was hanging in the balance, and Jack was struggling with an attachment to Lucy. It seemed unfair to his brother. Sighing, Jack sank down on the small sofa adjacent to the hospital bed. The cushions were hard, covered in a rough stain resistant material, not at all meant for relatives to comfortably sleep on. Shucking off his Jacket, he balled up the garment and shoved it under his head, his legs stretching out at an odd angle. Jack suddenly felt like he'd been remiss in his duties as a brother, leaving Peter here all alone while he pined after Lucy. If only Peter would wake up, things would be so much simpler. In the back of his mind, he'd always wondered what it would be like if Peter ever settled down. It had been a bit of a fantasy of Jack's to relinquish some of the familial responsibility he'd been saddled with for so long. Closing his eyes, Jack tried to drift off to sleep, ignoring the crick that was already forming in his neck. As surprising as it seemed, it wasn't hard to picture Peter with a wife and even kids. Peter had always had a soft spot for children, cuddling little Mary up in a warm embrace the few times he'd visited when she was a child. The only discordant thing about the scene playing out in Jack's mind was the image of Lucy alongside Peter. It didn't fit, and he felt a vice clamp around his heart each time he thought about it.[Chapter 14] A/N: Sort of a transitional chapter, but anyway... chugging along still. As always, I adore when people let me know what they think, comments are like gold. She sat there in the dark, looking down from her window like a detective in a spy novel, lurking in the shadows lest someone see. The warmth in her stomach swirled pleasantly, inexplicably increasing in volume until it had crept through her limbs, warming her cold toes encased in too large boots. Right then and there she'd stepped back, embarrassment tinting her cheeks as she pulled away from the window. It was love, she knew, coursing through her veins as giddy excitement left her breathless. Love? Objectively, it was was the most ridiculous thought she'd ever had. He didn't know, couldn't reciprocate, and yet she knew without a shadow of a doubt that she loved him… Jack. It was perhaps the the most painful realization of her life. How long had she been looking? Not that she considered herself some desperate spinster, but there had always been this golden little fantasy in the back of her mind. It had her desperately searching the faces of strangers each day, her own bashfulness the only real roadblock to the hundreds of meet-cute opportunities that passed by. She just wanted someone to come home to, to laugh at stupid things with, someone whose eyes lit up when she walked in the room. And Jack did that, whether he knew it or not. His eyes softened when he spoke to her, the rough edges in his low voice smoothed out like perfectly aged whiskey. Everything he said to her hung open ended like a question he'd pay to have answered. Even thinking about it now made her breathless, the thin coat on her shoulders suddenly oppressive as it held the heat close to her. She shrugged it off, tossing it unceremoniously toward her love seat. She missed, the dark material pooling on the floor, barely noticeable in the dimness. She thought briefly about retrieving it, hanging it gently on its hook by the door like she always did. It was the last piece of her father she had, other than a few finger worn photographs. Her father. If only he were here right now, none of this would have happened. She wouldn't have made such a fool of herself; the loneliness wouldn't have eaten at her until she'd latched on to the first semblance of family that came her way. She wouldn't have lied about Peter, and Jack… She wouldn't be standing here, trying to make herself feel bad when really all she felt was an irresistible joy hovering just beyond her fingertips. Sparing the garment one last glance, she turned away. Kicking off her shoes, she traversed her tiny living room, crossing the threshold to her dark bedroom. The bed, surprisingly, was made up, contrasting greatly with the near constant state of upheaval the rest of her apartment stayed in. The queen sized mattress was too big, really. She'd filled it with pillows and still it felt like she was swimming in the ocean when she slept there, which was pretty infrequently, hence it's pristine state. Tonight she was drawn to it though, forgoing the usual spot on the sofa she dropped into. She traced her fingers along the floral pattern of the coverlet, the tiny stitched seams tickling the pads of her fingers. For a long time it had been in the hope chest her mother had intended for her, tucked in next to all manner of things meant for a life she'd given up on ever having. It was out of style of course, the colors faded slightly, but Lucy loved it. Its painstakingly pieced squares so lovingly hand sewn, beautiful in spite of its flaws. Just as that ugly coat made her feel close to a father she missed incredibly, this blanket made her feel close to a mother she'd never really known. They were poor substitutes for the genuine thing, but still, there was a measure of comfort as she disrobed and slipped into the bed. Strangely, even though her situation was just as depressingly hopeless as before, Lucy couldn't help the smile that pulled at the corners of her mouth. When she closed her eyes she saw his face, smiling sheepishly at her when he thought she wasn't looking. And it may have been some illusion, but she could have sworn the smell of his cologne infiltrated her sinuses. Here, cozy in a cocoon of her own making, she let herself, for one moment, give in to it. She could still feel the way his arms had banded tightly around her as she was flailing, surprisingly strong as they held her to his chest. Tonight at least, she would pretend, let her mind wander where it may, the dreams already forming in her subconscious. She'd worry about reality tomorrow, run through the short list of her acquaintances until she found someone who could give her advice. Lucy, you're born into a family. You do not join them like you do the Marines. The words played over and over in her head, a harsh reminder of the little game she was playing. But, damn it, it wasn't a game! Her heart ached whenever she thought about disappointing Ox and Midge. Why had she gone to Jerry for advice? It was stupid really, her boss of all people. How pathetic was it that he was the closest thing to family she actually had? Jerry was a nice man, but he didn't really know her, and he was in no position to be giving her life advice. Unfortunately, the worst part about what Jerry had said to her, was its resounding truth. She absolutely clung to Callaghans, and the cantankerous warmth they constantly exuded. But in reality, all of that wouldn't really be too hard to let go of. She could have found a way to extricate herself from everything, if she had even remotely wanted to. That was the problem - she didn't want to, not in the least. She took token after token as the passengers slipped them under her little glass window, pressing the turnstile button like a robot without looking up. It was cold in her little box, even with her wool hat pulled down over her ears, her fingers poking out from her gloves getting stiff as the day passed. She glanced at the little digital clock on the wall. The last half of her day had passed while she stewed over Jerry's words, a tiny voice in the back of her head telling her that she shouldn't go to dinner tonight, even though Midge had been so sweet when she invited her. She couldn't face Jack, his endearingly bad jokes and soft gazes. Her eyes would linger on his lips while he talked, her nose instinctively searching out the unique combination of laundry soap and cologne that was Jack. Someone would notice, it would be awkward. But she didn't want to cancel, damn it. She wanted to go and laugh with these warm people, and chat with Mary about boys, and listen to Saul and Elsie argue over depression era theater. She needed to snort in disbelief as Jack said or did something nonsensical. She craved it like a drug, and every ounce of sensibility was pushed out of her brain as the clock ticked closer to five. She jumped when a hand lit on her shoulder, a surprised squeak sounding out against the walls of the booth. \"Jeez, Lucy, what's with you?\" Lucy swallowed, and tried to gain her voice. How was it the end of her shift already? Celeste stared at her expectantly as she waited for a response. \"Sorry, I, uh, was preoccupied.\" This earned Lucy a dubious look, Celeste arching one eyebrow up curiously. \"Preoccupied?\" Lucy felt foggy again, her mind drifting as she got up from her stool. \"Have you ever been in love, but knew it was a bad idea?\" Celeste slipped into the spot Lucy had vacated, fluidly resuming the task at hand. \"I told you never to get involved with a married man, girl. They never leave their wives.\" Lucy blinked. \"What? No! It's not like that, it's just…\" \"Star crossed lovers?\" Celeste paused, turning to assess her coworker. The expression made her blush, the very idea of her and Jack actually being categorized as \"lovers\" set her heart to racing. \"Uh, kind of, maybe, I don't know.\" Celeste clicked her tongue, once again back to collecting tokens. \"Nothing is ever as dramatic as Romeo and Juliet. If you love each other, you'll find a way to make it work.\" Dropping a handful of tokens in the jar under the counter to punctuate her statement, she continued. \"As long as there aren't any wives involved.\" \"There aren't. Good Lord, a girl fantasizes one time about Alec Baldwin and she never hears the end of it!\" \"He has Kim Basinger.\" \"But for how long? Celeste, really, I mean… Wait, that's so not the point.\" Celeste laughed, the chuckle a pleasant sound. Lucy really had been in her own head far too much today. She let out a long breath. \"Ok, well, I have to go. I have plans.\" She slipped out, ignoring Celeste's last parting shot. \"Say hi to Romeo for me!\"[Chapter 15] Dinner with the Callaghans was like wearing her favorite oversized sweater. They enveloped her in this fuzzy warmth, and it was easy for her to get lost in the depths. There were moments when she merely felt like an observer, someone watching the cheerful dinner table interactions from a distance, but she was always pulled right back into the thick of it within seconds. Whether it be from a light nudge under the table from Mary's foot or a soft gaze from Jack sitting across from her, they didn't let her drift far. Dinner would have passed without incident, if everyone's favorite topic didn't seem to be Lucy and Peter's relationship. Fortunately, the Callaghans seemed fully capable of having this conversation without her, so she simply stared into her mashed potatoes as Elsie and Sal talked about honeymoons. She was grateful that she'd worn her hair down, covering the tops of her currently flaming ears. After her sudden epiphany about Jack, it was harder than ever to keep her secret to herself. Fortunately, Madge was just as invested in all of her children's love lives, and Lucy's status as \"happily engaged\" apparently afforded her with the privilege of chiming in on Jack's single state. Her head popped up with surprise when Madge addressed her directly. \"Lucy, you think you can find me a nice girl for Jack?\" Lucy's eyes shot up involuntarily to take in the Callaghan in question, a slight pain in her chest at the sight of him. Could she think of a girl for Jack? It really wasn't hard to imagine him walking down the street hand in hand with some sweet girl, dark head inclined toward him as he held her close with one arm. \"Well…. I…\" Jack interrupted her, shifting uncomfortably in his chair. \"Mom, come on…\" Lucy smiled to herself. She couldn't help but find his discomfort somewhat amusing. This seemed to be something that came up fairly often, if the put upon look on Jack's face were any indication. His mother might have been distracted recently by the drama with Peter, but Lucy was certain that Jack's happiness had been a pet project of hers for years. She nearly snorted when she thought of Madge setting him up on blind dates. The true hilarity of the situation struck Lucy suddenly, giving her the inappropriate desire to burst into hysterical laughter. The image of Jack cuddling up with some mystery woman slowly began to shift, the woman's features morphing into her own until she saw nothing but herself wrapped in his arms, her own dark hair fanned out across his chest. It was preposterous that she couldn't even imagine him with someone else. She snapped herself out of this dangerous loop of thoughts, and looked back to Madge. \"I mean, I, uh, don't really know Jack's type, so I'm not one to, uh... \" \"I like blondes.\" Jack's voice rang out deep, as he dug into his mashed potatoes, giving the whipped starches more attention that they ever could ever possibly deserved, in spite of his mother's many assertions to their unparallelled creaminess. Glancing up briefly to gage Lucy's reaction, he added, \"Chubby ones.\" This caught her attention, drawing her gaze to him once again, this time with narrowed eyes. If Lucy didn't know better, she would have said he was blushing, but it was hard to tell. The consumption of wine and the generally warm and jovial atmosphere made these kinds of things harder to discern. Regardless, Jack's response did seem to put an end to the conversation. Ox and Sal began to chatter on about something or other, and Lucy looked back down at her own plate. Jack's mother took his answer at face value and turned her attention back to Lucy, winking as she said, \"Well, we all know what Lucy's type is.\" For a millionth of a second Lucy was horrified, wondering if Madge had somehow managed to use her strange powers of perception to look directly into her mind. Feeling found out, her heart thundered in her chest, panic spreading to her diaphragm as she forgot to breathe. Then, it suddenly occurred to her that Madge was talking about Peter, and she felt her shoulders fall, a quick little sigh of relief slipping through her lips. Duh. She felt like an idiot. This dinner was absolute hell. There was no other way to describe it. Jack wondered if maybe he'd died and actually arrived in the heated torture chamber. He could think of no worse endless punishment than being constantly reminded that Lucy was engaged to and in love with his brother. And his mother, God love her meddlesome soul, she was making things damn near unbearable with her slew of questions, always bringing the conversation back to Peter, even going so far as to draw Lucy into speculation about his own love life. Who could blame him for thinking this was eternal damnation? He felt… twitchy. He couldn't really think of a more accurate way to describe the restlessness he felt. The collar of his sweater suddenly seemed too close, and the mass manufactured chair felt hard against his back, the ladderback digging into his shoulderblades when he reclined. Shifting this way and that, Jack tred to find some position that he didn't feel absolutely antsy in. He could feel Mary's curious gaze lingering on him, but he couldn't do anything about it, so he just feigned ignorance when she cut her eyes at him. We all know what Lucy's type is. They knew nothing about Lucy. Absolutely nothing. He'd felt her heart beat against his as she'd hugged him, seen the sadness in her eyes when she talked about her parents. He'd come full circle once again. Back to believing that Peter and Lucy couldn't possibly be what they seemed. They were absolutely wrong for each other, and that feeling was only strengthened by his own attachment to her. His mother's assertion was the final straw. He was seconds away from pushing back from the table and asking to be excused; the only thing keeping him in his place was the urge to blurt out his feelings for her, to beg her to admit she felt nothing for his brother. It was stupid, and he was grateful that Mary was perceptive enough to pipe up when she did. \"Blondes? What are you talking about? You like brunettes.\" Mary's comment deflated him, like a straight pin popping a balloon. Sneaking a glance at Lucy, he found her staring at him open mouthed, a forkful of mashed potatoes hanging in mid air. The blood rushed to his face and he settled back in his chair. Thank god his family was too loud and obnoxious to pay attention to this little interaction. Then, miracle of miracles, she was smiling at him. It was shy and almost secretive, but it made him feel warm all over. Whatever displeasure the evening had brought instantly wicked away as his mother and father chattered about roast beef and mashed potatoes. Lucy's soft brown eyes lingered on him. They both silently marveled at how a conversation about dinner could segue into a debate about nazis and John Wayne, communicating in raised eyebrows and little quiet laughs. He couldn't believe how far gone he was. Sometimes Lucy wondered how frail Elsie really was. She hardly seemed like a fragile little flower, cheeks flushed and eyes sparkling as she contradicted the cantankerous old man at her side. She could hardly believe that this woman was the reasons she had leaned into her lie about Peter. This version Elsie certainly seemed like she could take any news, no matter how shocking, in stride, merely blinking a few times before continuing on with whatever conversation she'd been having. The older woman winked at Lucy whenever her barbs at Sal found their mark. Before Lucy knew it, her plate was clean, and desert had been served, alongside dainty little cups of coffee. Madge had prepared decadent chocolate souffles, dusted with powdered sugar and topped with a dollop of real whipped cream. Lucy drew her spoon along the edge of the ceramic ramekin. Tears pricked the back of her eyes, the dish in front of her blurring slightly before she blinked the moisture away. There were seven of them, each one lovingly prepared for every member of the family and served with a pleased little smile. Until this very moment Lucy hadn't realized how integrated she'd become in their lives, and the thought of Madge measuring out enough flour and cocoa for seven servings made her feel a little light headed. It was silly, and she knew it, but knowing did little to stop the sudden surge of emotion. She dug into the confection, sighing deeply as the first bite landed on her tongue, rich cream spreading out across her taste buds. Her eyes drifted shut as she enjoyed the silky feel of the chocolate.. \"You know, Lucy, you could always have a chocolate wedding cake. Tradition says white, but really, who cares about tradition? If you love chocolate, you love chocolate.\" Madge's voice cut through Lucy's dessert induced euphoria. \"Wedding cake?\" \"Yeah, there's this little place downtown that's amazing. They'll do any flavor you want. We should go down sometime and pick out a topper. A dashing little groom and a sweet dark haired bride. So cute.\" Wedding. She blinked, a string of curses zipping through her head, guilt coursing through her limbs. She felt like jumping up and yelling her confession before running out the door. She'd never be able to face any of the Callaghans once they found out. Luckily, or not so luckily, depending on your point of view, Lucy was loathe to ruin such a lovely evening by acting like a dramatic idiot. There would be a time to confess, it just wasn't now. Concentrating on her dessert, she took another large bite and mumbled through the mouthful, \"Mmm, yeah.\" Madge gave her a little squeeze and turned her attention toward Mary, launching into a lecture about the importance of school work and applying to colleges for early acceptance. Lucy let out a sigh of relief, and returned to the far more enjoyable task of watching Jack interact with his family. She loved how they ruffled his feathers, making him nervous and irritated in equal measure. He had carded his fingers through his hair more than a dozen times in the past hour, the floppy side part sticking up in a few places. Her fingers itched with the urge comb through the shiny strands, pat down the flyaways. Even now, he was staring dubiously at his father as the older man described a new method of moving unwieldy pieces of furniture. He tensed slightly, but settled in to listen to his father. A current of love ran beneath all of it, and she counted all of the little smiles Jack directed at the members of his family. She felt like storing them away for future use. A time was coming when she probably wouldn't have access to them at all, a time when the most she could expect from any Callaghan was a baleful stare. She sighed just thinking about it. Her coffee cup drained, and her ramekin scraped clean, Lucy was sad to see the dinner end, but also happy to add it to her memory bank. Mary had been a delight, regaling her with teenage tales of woe as she ushered her to the foyer, extracting promise after promise to perform sisterly duties like gossip about boys and do each other's hair. Lucy felt giddy talking to the young girl, and was in the process of saying her goodbyes before she even realized what was happening. Jack, ever the gentleman, had opened the door for her, a portal out into the cold Chicago night, and she'd stepped up beside him, pausing to let the final bit of warmth run through her. She blinked, her eyes not quite used to the darkness in front of her. Mary's chirpy voice cut through the reverie. \"Hey, look! You guys are under the mistletoe.\" They both froze, Jack looking like a deer caught in headlights, Lucy holding her breath. There was indeed a sprig of mistletoe tacked to the top of the doorframe, something she'd failed to notice when she'd arrived. The voices urging them to kiss for the sake of tradition all faded to a gentle murmur and all Lucy could see was the faint stubble along Jack's jaw, and the quick way his tongue darted out to wet his bottom lip. Elsie's voice cut through the fog. \"Come on, idiot. Kiss her.\" It was all the encouragement Lucy needed. If Elsie approved it surely couldn't be that bad. Jack seemed to feel the same because he bent forward slightly, waiting for her to meet him halfway. When their lips touched, it was in a chaste kiss, her own lips only puckering slightly as they landed on his. The whole thing only lasted half a second, but Lucy could feel her stomach swirling around madly as she pulled away, her cheeks warm. For a split second she was transported back to the first time she saw him, only a few feet from this very spot. She'd felt the little double tap in her chest then, just as she did now, only now she knew it's source. Wrapping her scarf around her neck, she attempted to hide the helpless smile on her face. She chanced a quick glance up at him through her lashes, and caught his adam's apple bobbing as he swallowed. She was sure the effects of their little peck were not one sided, and somehow that made her feel better. She turned to bid everyone goodnight, and scurried as quickly as she could out the door and away from the house, nearly tripping as she reached the bottom of the steps. Maybe it was the heat still darting around in his stomach after the mistletoe kiss, or maybe it was the sudden realization the one kiss would never be enough, but Jack felt his feet carrying him out into the cold, following her like a man on a mission. He caught her just as she reached the sidewalk, fingers hooking one of her elbows as she turned left in the direction of her apartment complex. \"Lucy?\" He hoped she couldn't hear the desperation in his voice, the need so blatantly present in the trembling timbre. \"Jack?\" He nodded, breathing hard, his heart thundering as it pumped the blood through his body. It was nine degrees outside, and Jack did not have his coat, but he felt like he was burning up from the inside out. \"Um, that was a really bad kiss back there.\" Her head cocked to one side as she studied him, stepping a little closer. \"Oh, is that so?\" He nodded again, feeling like a broken bobble head doll. \"I can't have you going around telling your girlfriends that Jack Callaghan is a terrible kisser, can I?\" She slowly shook her head, one corner of her mouth quirking up. \"I suppose not.\" \"Good.\" Without any further comment he dragged her to him, one arm holding her tight as the other slipped up to her neck, fingers threading through the silken locks at her nape as his thumb rested against her pulse. Just as she thought his lips were going to crash down on hers, he stopped, mere millimeters away, breathing against her lips as he drew circles against her skin with his thumb. Gently he pulled her bottom lip between his, kissing her slowly and thoroughly, his tongue darting between her lips at the last possible moment. She took it as her cue, and looped her arms around his neck drawing him closer. Somewhere in the back of her mind she cursed the woolen gloves keeping her from slipping her fingers into his hair. After a minute… or ten, or a million, she had no idea really, he pulled back. She shivered when his hand withdrew from her skin, felt abandoned when the warmth of his body left hers. She pursed her lips together to keep in the little whimper she felt bubbling up, and stepped back from him. Jack stared at her, speechless for a moment before he remembered the thin premise his kiss rode on. Shoving his hands in his pockets he managed a semblance of a smirk to cast in her direction. \"Thanks, Luc. Don't leave out any details when the ladies ask about Jack Callaghan.\" And with that he left her, strode back up to the glowing house feeling more desperately lonely than ever before. A/N: I know the gaps between updates in this little story are INSANE... sorry for that, but it has to be snowy and ridiculously cold outside for me to want to writer Jack and Lucy... or maybe not.. I don't even know. Anyway... I can't express how much the comments and feedback that I've gotten for this story means to me, please continue to let me know what you think. ","Summary":" A/N: I was just rewatching my favorite romantic comedy ever in the history of romantic comedies, fo"}]